1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2537
son as much as it is relating to rights of prop-
erty.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend from
California allow me to make another sugges-
tion in the same line as that suggested by the
Senator from New York?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. The language of the
sixth amendment of the Constitution is this :
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial," &e.
Now -where in the prosecution? If any-
where in the course of the prosecution pro-
vided for by the bill he may have a jury trial,
this provision is answered. He is not entitled
to a jury trial before he can be arrested, nor
before he can be brought before the court, and
you may go through with as many prelimin-
aries as you please, you may have an examin-
ation, and the justice may fix a penalty upon
his act, which, if satisfactory to him, he sub-
mits to and pays; if not, if the law provides
that he may take his appeal in the same suit
and have another trial before a jury, then the
law answers the Constitution, which simply
requires that in that prosecution he shall have
the right to a jury trial.
Mr. CASSERLY. I know there are decis-
ions of the character mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to the effect that the re-
quirement of a trial by jury in favor of one
charged with crime was satisfied by a provis-
ion of law allowing him a trial by jury at some
possible stage of the prosecution, as upon writ
of error in some other court; yet I have never
thought, so well of that class of decisions as to
long gieaily to see them multiplied. Forthat
reason lam not in favor of multiplying stat-
utory provisions which must lead, if they are
to be sustained, to the multiplication of such
decisions. The tendency has been too great
in tbe courts, it seems to me, to fritter away
the right of trial by jury upon one ground or
another.
So far as regards the question of the taking
of private property for public uses presented
by the Senator from New York is concerned,
1 have to say it is a very large question and
one in which I do not feel myselt justified in
engaging the Senate at present. But the same
remark which I made as to the class of decis-
ions cited by the Senator from Wisconsin will
apply with greater force, if possible, to the
class of decisions cited by the Senator from
New York. 1 scarcely know any subject of
constitutional guarantee where the inroads of
the courts have been so serious, to so great an
extent, so unjustifiable, as they have been in
regard to the constitutional guarantee that no
private property shall be taken except for
public uses or unless after due compensation.
Why, sir, in a State which I shall not name
the cour's have gone so far as to uphold a
series of statutory provisions of which the
general result is that so soon as a railroad
company (because the railroad interest in that
as in many other respects is the great aggres-
sor upon the rights of the people) has com-
menced its proceedings for condemnation, it
may forthwith enter upon the lands with its
whole body of surveyors, taking possession
of them, and holding them as long as it will
for the purpose of laying out its track and
rnakiug such other explorations as it pees fit
to make, so long as the proceedings shall be
pending. What more, sir? What is the rail-
road company required to do in the way of
security before it shall take such a step I it
is to give a bond to be responsible for damages
in case the proceedings shall come to naught.
What kind of jurisprudence is that which
leads to such a doctrine ? What respect is
due to it?
1 do not wish, as I said, to prolong this con-
troversy. It is a question as to the right of
trial by jury. While it has not been my good
fortune or my ill fortune, as the case may be,
to have had more than the very smallest expe-
rience possible for a lawyer to have in many
years of aciive practice, in criminal courts, yet
I have seen enough to warrant me in the posi-
tion that if there be any class of human beings
more than another who are entitled to all the
securities given them for their rights by the
law and the Constitution, it is the wretched
creatures who for the most part are brought
before your criminal courts. Forsake.n by
everybody, disliked, if not despised by most,
there is no condition of a man standing before
a tribunal where his rights are to be passed
upon, that it seems to me appeals more earn-
estly to the sympathy, the love of law, the
love of constitutional rights and constitutional
guarantees, than the wretched condition of the
prisoner at the bar. For that reason 1 should
be glad to see this provision taken out of this
bill. I shall simply ask for a vote on my
amendment, without further discussion so far
as I am concerned.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I confess
I am astonished to hear gentlemen of high posi-
tion at the bar and of high standing in the
Senate take the position that personal and in-
dividual rights and questions of property stand
under our Bill of Rights and under our Consti-
tution upon the same ground in reference to
trial by jury. I am astonished, even if they
were right in their construction of the Consti-
tution, that they should be willing to propose
to the people of this country that their char-
acters, their honor, their reputation, their lives
and their families should all be risked without
the right of an appeal to a jury.
It is said that this must be law because it
has been decided in cases of condemnation of
property, in civil cases, that if you give an
appeal, and the party can get a trial by jury
by an appeal, that is a trial by jury. After I
have been sentenced, after you have deprived
me of the right of suffrage, after you have de-
graded me, if your court chooses to say that I
have technically come within the specified
time required for an appeal, I may go and
appeal and ask that this injustice which you
have done me may be undone; and that is a
trial by jury! In a question of property you
can restore it; in a question of money you
can give it back to me; but the Constitution
and Bill of Rights have drawn as clear a
distinction as ever was drawn between ques-
tions of personal rights (where personal honor
and personal character are at stake that never
can be given back) and property rights.
Mr. President, in the State from which I
come I know of but one case where any child
for stealing an apple or a pie, or any human
being in that State for any offense that is de-
grading, can be tried without a jury, and that
is at his own request. For a small offense, at
his own request, two justices of the peace may
hear the case; and why is that law so? Be-
cause it has been believed there, and it is
believed there to-day, ibat no man can degrade
your child and find him guilty of being a thief,
deprive him of the right to vote, deprive him
of many other civil rights, by finding liimgutlty
of that'offense by a simple information before
a justice of the peace, who may do it from
mere malevolence. He has a right to a trial
by his peers. If the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the Bill of Rights do not provide
that, they are perfectly worthless, the whole
system of government is a humbug and a sham
from the beginning, for there is nothing else
worth having and nothing worth living for if
that is not true.
What is the use of bandying words about
the infamy of the crime? Do you want to
talk to me of whether it is petit or grand lar-
ceny, whether the value of the thing stolen is
above or below five shillings, when my char-
acter and my honor are at stake, and tell me
lam not entitled to a trial by jury by my peers?
I do not care how you consider the Consti-
tution; you have no authority to do it as a
matter of right, as a matter of common jus-
tice, as a first and fundamental principle which
led to the very settlement of this country.
Mr. President, are not these words shocking?
That the prosecution of criminal cases before the
municipal court shnll be by the attorney of the Uni-
ted States for the District of Columbia, by inform-
ation on complaint under oath, without the inter-
vention of a jury.
''Without the intervention of a jury!"
Why should prosecutions for criminal com-
plaints be without the intervention of a jury?
I will read from article six of the amendments
to the Constitution:
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the riftht to a speedy and publio trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district whorein the
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law, and
to be informed ol the nature and cause of the accu-
sation."
If the first part of that clause can be waived,
if he is not entitled to a ''speedy trial," if
the word "speedy" does not mean that he
shall have it at the outset before judgment is
pronounced upon him, before sentence is
pronounced, I do not know why the word
"speedy" was inserted there. If that part
of the clause does not apply and control this
thing, then this portion does not apply: "and
to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation." There is no reason why you
should not put in this bill after tbe words
"without the intervention of a jury" the
words "and without informing him of the
nature and cause of the accusation." You
might just as well do it.
Again, this article of the Constitution gives
the accused the right "to be confronted with
the witnesses against him." It has been held
one of the greatest glories of the common law
that in all criminal trials, and in all trials, a
man must be confronted with his accuser,
must be confronted with the witnesses against
him, to cross-examine them, to elucidate the
truth, to show to the jury by their actions and
manner whether they are telling the truth.
You might just as well put in this bill, if you
retain tbe first clause, the words " and without
being confronted with the witnesses against
him." . .
Again, under this article of the Constitution,
the accused is " to have compulsory process
for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to
have the assistance of counsel in his defense."
You might as well put in this bill that the
party shall not be entitled to the assistance of
counsel, that he shall not have compulsory
process for his defense, just as well as toleave
this clause in about the trial by jury.
Mr. President, if the learned gentlemen on
the other side, who are so much more learned
in the law than I am, are still of tbe opinion
that I am wrong and that they have a consti-
tutional right to do this thing, I appeal to them
whether they ought to do it, whether it is
right to do it, whether it is a good example to
do it, whether it is in accordance with the
general character of our institutions, whether
it is not better that any man in tbe first in-
stance accused of the smallest offense should
have the right to trial by jury in his case.
Mr. BOREMAN. It appears to me that
this matter is greatly magnified. I apprehend
Senators have been misled by reading the
eighteenth section without "recurring to that
provision of the bill which gives jurisdiction.
As I understand it, by the seventh section of
this bill the jurisdiction of the court in regard
to misdemeanors is confined to kt simple as-
saults, simple assaults and batteries, threats,
petit larcenies committed in the District of
Columbia." That is the exclusive jurisdic-
tion, it has no other original jurisdiction ex
cept in regard to examining criminals, who
are, I presume, to be tried in the superior or
higher court of the District. Then why all
this declamation here m regard to a violation
of the spirit of the Constitution, of the right
of trial upon indictment found by agrand jury?
This court, as I understand it, has no juris-
