2588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
diction except of these simple misdemeanors,
and there is no one of them that has the sem-
blance of that designation which is quoted
here, "infamous," except it may be that of
petit larceny. That by the statute, as I under-
stand, is made a simple misdemeanor. It
strikes me that all the discussion which has
grown up here in regard to the provisions of
the Constitution and the Bill of Eights, and
those things for which we have so much re-
gard and so much reverence, is considerably
exaggerated when we come to look at the pro
visions of this bill.
Mr. President, for the trial of all those
offenses which are designated by the Constitu-
tion as infamous provision is made in the
criminal court of this District, held by one of
the judges of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict as now constituted ; and this bill is for
the purpose simply of getting up a court which
shall regulate the peace and good order of the
society of the Distiict so far as it is impinged
upon by petty misdemeanors which do not
savor of that designation that we call criminal,
as 1 understand it, and it is expressly limited,
if I do not misunderstand the provisions of
this bill, to those offenses which I have read,
"simple assaults, simple assaults and batteries,
and petit larcenies;" nothing else, no other
misdemeanor of that character—" and original
jurisdiction in the examination of all other
offenses against the laws of the United States
and the District of Columbia committed in
said District." That is for a preliminary
examination, as I understand, where the
offense is thereafter to be tried by the crim-
inal court of the District. I do not think this
any impingement upon the spirit of the Con-
stitution or ot the Bill of Rights.
.Mr. BAYARD. I understand that the
amendment of the Senator from California is
to strike out in the fourth line the words
" without the intervention of a jury." I think
he rightly apprehends that the provision, as it
now stands, i  intended to dispense with any
jury whatsoever, to dispense with the finding
of a grand jury and trial by petit jury. To
the absence of both these safeguards of per-
sonal liberty I am disposed to object.
When the Senator from New York asked
my colleague in respect to the existing laws
of the Stale of Delaware, and put to him ques-
tions in regard to those laws, my colleague
answered him, 1 believe, respectfully and intel-
ligently ; but the Senator from New York
saw lit, to go out of his way and most unne-
cessarily to speak with disrespect imd to cast
slurs on the system of administration of jus-
tice in that State. 1 shall not retaliate by
speaking disrespectfully of the State of New
York, what is very truly an empire State; but,
it is very certain that there are ulcers on her
bodv-politic which even these who admire and
love her best must admit.
I do not propose, as I have slated, in the
way of retaliation, to say anything of the State
of New Yoik, hut, merely to express to that
Senator and to the Senate my sunse of how
exceedingly unnecessary it was for hiiu, in a
discussion of this kind, created by himself,
drawn out by Ins own question to my col-
league, to take advantage of the occasion for
the purpose of expressing some disrespect for
a people of whom ho can certainly know very
little, and of whose laws he can know very
littie, because, if he did know more, he would
be aware that we are in that State peculiarly
careful in guarding the personal lights and
liberties of the humblest of our people. Our
laws are so arranged that that which we value
most in that State, the character of our men, is
protected by every safeguard that the expe-
rience of both English and American legisla- lj
tion can contribute to throw around the hum- 'I
blest of our people. Larcenies are with us
felonies. We consider stealing a mean offense,
and we puuish it severely and promptly; but
preceding punishment there comes to the hum-
blest man in our State atrial byjary, and that,
too, before courts of the highest constitution
known to our laws; and in the inability of
parties to be defended by their own means
counsel are provided for them. There is no
State in this Union which has greater soli-
citude and takes greater care of the reputation
and persons of her people, those who are
within her jurisdiction, than does the State
which I have the honor in part to represent.
I think, Mr. President,, there was a great
deal of force in what fell from my honorable
friend from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] on
this subject. Although it is true that the
latter portion of this section does give the
right to appeal to the supreme court of the
District, and the right to have a trial by jury
on the appeal, yet the primary trial by jury, in
which the charge against the defendant is first
made upon the information of anyone, unoffi-
cial, irresponsible, is to be by these justices
without the intervention of that jury of his
peers to which every man is entitled. Although
it is true that he may subsequently take an
appeal that shall give him a trial by jury, in
the mean time his character may be stained
by the judgment of this court below, and we
all know the difficulty of men removing from
their character charges once made and which
have been found by a judicial tribunal to be
true, though subsequently on appeal the de-
cision may be reversed.
I had a great deal rather that there were
both expense and trouble preceding convic-
tions for offenses of this kind than that inno-
cent men should, for want of proper safeguards,
be subjected to punishment, or even to unjust
reflection upon their character, although that
reflection might last but a short time, and until
appeals could be taken to a tribunal which
would give them a proper opportunity for de-
fense. The money of a community is well
spent in protecting the persons and the char-
acter of her inhabitants. Charges should not
be lightly made, judgments should not lightly
be found. The argument of inconvenience and
expense weighs with me but lightly against the
personal liberties of that class of people who
will be subjected necessarily to the jurisdic-
tion'of this court. It is true they are poor;
it is true they are humble; it is true very often-
times they are friendless and unknown; but
for all those reasons it strikes me that, as they
have less capacity for self-defense, so the laws
should provide defense for them.
I therefore trust the amendment of the
Senator from California will prevail, and that,
the people of this District shall not lie charged
with infamous offenses without the interven-
tion of a grand jury, nor shall they be con-
victed of those offenses without the interven-
tion of a petit jury, unless, indeed, it may be
that an amendment maybe offered that after
indictment, they may elect to be tried by the
judge if they see fit, which is an ordinary pro
vision in many of the States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 33 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casscrly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Goklthwaite, Kelly, Sauls-
bury. and Stockton—9.
_ NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Clay ton, Cole, Conklmg, Corbett,
Cragm, hitinunils, Kerry of Connecticut. Furry ot
Michigan, Hamilton ot Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Howe,
Kellogg, Morull of Vcimont, Osborn, Patteison,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott
Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Windorn, and t
Wright—33. |
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Caldwell, t
Cameron, Carpomar, Davis of Kentucky, I-'enton,
I'lanagan, l<rehushuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis,
Logan. Morrill ot Maine, Morton. Norwood, Nye,
Pool, Rice, bchurz, Sprague, Stevenson, 'L'hurmnn
Tipton, Trumbull, Vtekcrs, West, and Wilson—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out, in
section eighteen, lines twenty-one and twenty-
two, the words "abide by the decision of the
court" and insert the words "answer the ac-
cusation." We have now refused to allow a
jury trial in the municipal court; we allow an
appeal, but require a bond to be given not only
for an appearance, which we have a right to
require, but also that the defendant shall abide
the decision of the court. That is more than
a criminal who is bound up is bound to give
bail for. Therefore, as it does not make any
difference, as the court would order him to
enter into further recognizance when he once
enters into an appearance. I move the amend-
ment to save a constitutional objection. It
occurs to me that you ought, not to ask him to
give bail for more than that he will be there
to be tried. I move to strike out the words
"abide by the decision of the court" and
insert "give bail toanswer the accusation."
Mr. SAWYER. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. After the word "houses,"
on the fourth page, seventh section, twenty-
fourth line, I move to insert " nuisances, and
the keeping of disorderly houses and gaming
houses."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Distiict, of
Columbia as amended, as a substitute for the
original bill.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be eugtossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War
accompanying an engineer report of a recon-
noissance of the Yellowstone river in 1871 ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War accompanying engineer
reports upon the survey of the mouth of St.
Mark's river and of Chocawha'chee river,
Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
MKSSAGE FROM TIII5 HOUSE.
A mes
tives,
that the House had passed r.he followings bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A biU (II. R. No. 1661) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873;
^ A bill (II. R. No. 1812) authorizing the
First National Bank of iJewnan to change its
location;
A bill (H. R. No. 2109) to incorporate the
Great Salt Lake and Colorado liiver Railroad
Company, and to grant to said company a
right of way through the public lands of the
United Stales;
A bill (ti. R. No. 1958) to authorize the
city of Buffalo, New York, to construct a
tunnel under Niagara river, and to erect and
maintain an inlet pier therefrom, for the pur-
pose of supplying the city of Buffalo with pure
water; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2325) to regulate the seiz-
ure and examination of invoices, books, and
papers m customs revenue cases.
Ihe message .tlso announced thatthe House
had concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1657) to amend sec-
tion second, act of August 30, 1852, in rela-
message from the House of Representa-
, by Mr. McPhurson, i^s Clerk, announced
