4330
THE COFGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
tions are several corrections suggested by the
valuable Librarian of Congress, Mr. Spofford,
who has charge of copy rights. These amend-
ments will facilitate very greatly the transac-
tion of business, and I think the bill generally
will commend itself to the judgment of all the
members of the House.
Mr. BUCKLEY. This bill being so im-
portant I must object to the gentleman yield-
ing to any one.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire that the con-
sideration of this bill shall be proceeded with.
Mr. MeCRAllY. I call for the. regular
order.
Mr. L. MYERS. I think there can be no
objection to this bill. We have tried evening
after evening to get the matter considered by
the House.
Mr. BECK. I was on the committee when
the Patent Office was partially reorganized
some yeara ago, and I shall object to this bill
being passed without very full debate.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will resume the considera-
tion of the business on the Speaker's table.
STATUK OP GENERAf, RAWMN8.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 116*1, appropriating
$10,000 for a statue of General John A.
Kawlins.
The bill, which was read, appropriates
$10,000 to procure a life-size statue of Gen-
eral John A. Itawlins, late Secretary of War,
to be placed as the center piece of a fountain
in Franklin square, the design to be approved
by the Committees on Public Buildings and
Grounds, the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion, and the Librarian of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, lias any com-
mittee of the House considered this bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised
in regard to that.
Mr. G A III1'!ELD, of Ohio. A letter in
connection with this matter and in relation to
it was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations to-day. 1 ask that this bill be left
upon the Speaker's table for the present.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
BTEAM-l'RKSSOUB ON TOWtNO-BOATf".
The next business oti the Speaker's table
was Senate hill No. 1181, relating to a limit-
ation of steam-pressure on towing anil freight-
boats on the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries.
Mr. NEGLKY. I hope that this bill will
pass without objection. It is simply a renewal
of the act of February '28, 1871.
The bill was read. It, provides that, the pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act to provide
for the better security of life on vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam," &c.,
approved February 28, 1871, so far as they
relate to the limitation of steam-pressure on
steamboats used exclusively for towing and
Carrying freight on the Mississippi river and
its tributaries, be so far modified as to substi-
tute for such boats one hundred and fifty
pounds of steam-pressure in place of one hun-
dred and ten pounds as provided in that act,
for the standard pressure upon standard boil-
ers of forty-two inches diameter and of plates
of one quarter of ail inch in thickness; and
such boats may on the written permit of the
supervising inspector of the district in which
such boats shall carry on their business for a
period of twelve months from and after the
passage of this act, be permitted to carry steam
above the standard pressure of one hundred
and ten pounds, but not exceeding the standard
of one hundred and fifty pounds to the square
inch.
Mr. CONGER. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill with an amendment which I
send to the desk.
Mr. NEGLEY. I sincerely hope the House
will not agree to the amendment. It will vir-
tually kill the bill.
The amendment was read as follows:
Add to the bill the following proviso:
That there shalt also be for the period of one
year from and after thopassage of this act a suspen-
sion of the provisions of any existing law, or of any
regulation under the law, requiring the u*e of the
following articles, or imposing upon steamboats the
foil owing restrictions: lock-up safety-valves, record-
ing steam-gauges, pipes to carry steam into the hold
of vessels, low-water indicators, and testing pumps ;
and rules and regulations of the board ofinspectors
shall conform for the time being to this provision.
Mr. CONGER. I move a suspension of the
rules to pass the bill with that amendment.
Mr. NEGLEY. I think I am entitled to the
attention of the House. I ask the Clerk to read
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. CONGER. I object to any further
amendment unless I can have an opportunity
to discuss it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the,
first question is to test the sense of the House*
upon the bill as it comes from the Senate.
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire the Clerk to
read 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
■ Michigan [Mr. Conker] object to the reading
of the communication?
Mr. CONGER. 1 do not; but I wish to
make a statement in regard to the object
both of the bill and the amendment. A bill
which was introduced in the House at an early
period of the session, and passed by the House
and the Senate, extended the time when those
limitations on steam vessels should take effect
for six months. That time is about expiring,
and it is desired now that the limitation shall
be extended for another period. It is feared
that the bill for the security of life on steam
vessels which contains the provisions embodied
in this amendment, and which if passed will
obviate the necessity for both the bill and the
amendment, mayfail to becoraealaw, in which
case it is desirable by some other measure to
relieve the boats upon our western rivers and
lakes from what is admitted to bo the most
grievous hardships and the greatest incon-
venience and expense, which, resulting from
the action and regulations of the board of
steamboat inspectors, are so burdensome to
the shipping interest on our lakes and rivers
that no man longer wishes to own that
description of property.
Every gentleman who has read the public
papers, or has received communications from
constituents upon the lakes and rivers, knows
that the impositions of the board of steamboat
inspectors, which are remedied by the new bill
now before the Senate upon the report of the
committee of conference, are so great that
men cannot run their vessels. They are shut
out at Chicago, at Detroit, at Cincinnati.
The regulations and restrictions of that board
go beyond the law of 1871. The discretion
allowed them by that law has been exercised
in a manner so vexatious and burdensome to
the shipping interests of the lakes and west-
ern rivers that the action of the Secretary of
the Treasury is needed from day to day to
suspend or nullify those regulations by special
order.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if our steamboat secur-
ity bill can pass the Senate and be concurred
in by the House, there is no need either for
this bill or the amendment.
Mr. NEGLEY. And if it cannot pass, then
the gentleman from Michigan proposes to
defeat this bill.
Mr. CONGER. If it cannot pass the House
or the Senate we leave during the summer
months all of the steam shipping of our inland
waters and lakes subject to the restrictions
imposed on them by a board of supervising
inspectors in some interest, God knows what,
oppressive and destructive to that interest,
from New Orleans to Lake Superior, as every
gentleman who represents this interest on
those lakes and rivers, who has read the papers
of his own neighborhood, well knows. This
amendment is to make sure that some of the
most severe restrictions made by the board of
supervisors shall not operate during the sum-
mer season on these boats, and until Congress
has had time to pass a law embracing the pro-
visions of the general bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan will state for the information of the
House the exact condition of the general
steamboat bill at this time.
Mr. CONGER. The position of the general
steamboat bill is this: the bill was reported
to the House, was passed by the House, went
to the Senate, and the Senate amended it by
placing upon it other provisions onerous and
injurious to the steamboat interest, and in my
solemn judgment not in the interest of the
security of life of passengers. It placed upon
it some of the old laws and some of the old
regulations. It came back to the House, and
the House refused to concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate. A committee of confer-
ence was appointed, and that committee of
conference in the main has sustained the House
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The committee of confer-
ence have' agreed.
Mr. CONGER. The committee Of confer
ence have agreed, and are ready to report to
their respective Houses. It stands to-day in
the Senate on the opposition of two members
of the Senate refusing to bring the bill before
that body.
Mr. HOLMAN. The only embarrassment,
then, is that the Senate have not adopted the
report of the committee of conference?
Mr. CONGER. That is the position of the
matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will suggest, then, to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he let this
matter remain on the Speaker's table until we
know precisely what action is taken on the
conference report. The whole country is de-
manding the passage of that general law, and
are not willing that o.ny law shall pass which
would have the effect to render it less imper-
ative.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I should like to
inquire of the gentleman from Indiana whether
the passage of this bill will prevent the pas-
sage of that general law?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Missouri will perceive that it, will materially.
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir; it will not.
Mr. KERR. I should like to inquire how
this bill comes to be here?
Mr. NEGLEY. I will tell the gentleman.
The act passed December 20, 1871, relieved
towing and freight-boats on the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi. The provisions of the general law
were suspended for six months. That sus-
pension expires on the 20th of this month.
All that is here provided is that that shall be
continued. "
Mr. KERR. This is not intended to pre-
vent the enactment of that bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. Not at all. This is only
to continue in force for twelve months.
Mr. KERR. Then I think the suggestion
of ray colleague is a good one. Let it be
agreed that this bill be laid aside for the pres-
ent, and that, it shall be taken up and passed
after the general bill has been disposed of.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection if such
an understanding can be reached.
Mr. CONGER. I hope that will be done.
The bill, by unanimous consent, was laid
aside for the present.
ALBERT D. PIERCE.
The next,bill on the Speaker's table was an
act (S. No. 538) for the relief of Albert D.
Pierce, postmaster at Sumnerville, Oitawa
county, Kansas ; which was taken up and read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department be authorized and directed to
credit the account of Albert D. Pierce, post-
master at Sumnerville, Ottawa county, Katis.-is,
