GO 4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
42d Cohs....2d Sisss.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. XX.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply a Deficiency in the Appropria-
tions for Salaries and Contingent Expenses
of the Post Office Department for the cur-
rent fiscal year.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
are hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
supply the deficiency in the appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the present fiscal year, viz:
For salaries, eleven thousand four hundred
and eighty-three dollars and twenty-five cents.
For contingent expenses, twelve thousand
two hundred and sixty-eight dollars and twenty-
six cents.
Approved, February 20, 1872.
Chap. XXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Payment of Invalid and other Pen-
sions of the United States for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the payment of pensions
for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, viz:
For Army pensions to invalids, widows, and
dependent relatives, revolutionary pensions,
and pensions to soldiers of the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve, and for furnishing arti-
ficial limbs or apparatus for resection, with
transportation, orcominutation therefor; also,
for compensation to pension agents, and the
expenses of the several agencies, and for
fees for preparing vouchers apd administering
oaths, as provided for by the acts of April
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixteen ;
July fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty six;
May thirteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-
six ; February twentieth, eighteen hundred
and forty seven; February second, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight; July twenty first,
eighteen hundted and forty-eight; July twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and torty-eight; Feb-
ruary third, eighteen hundred and fiity-three;
June third, eighteen hundred and fifty eight;
July fourteenth and seventeenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two ; June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four; June sixth and July
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six ;
July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight; June seventeenth and July eighth
aud eleventh, eighteen hundred and seventy ;
and February fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, and all other pensious pro-
vided by law, thirty million dollars.
For Navy pensions to invalids, widows, and
dependent relatives, and pensions to sailors of
the war of eighteen hundred and twelve, and
for furnishing artificial limbs or apparatus for
resection, with transport,ion or commutation
therefor, compensation to pension agents, ex-
penses of ageucies, aud fees for preparing
vouchers and administering oaths, as pro-
vided by the acts of April twenty-third, eight-
een hundred; February twentieth, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven ; August eleventh,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight; July four-
teenth and seventeenth, eighteen hundred aud
sixty-two; June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four; June sixth and July twenty-
filth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six; March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty seven ;
July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight; June seventeenth and July eighth
aud eleventh, eighteen hundred aud seventy,
and all other pensions provided by law, four
hundred and eighty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the appropriation aforesaid for
Navy pensions, and the other expenditures
under that head, shall be paid from the income
of the Navy pension fund, so far as the same
may be sufficient for that purpose.
Approved, February 20, 1872.
Chap. XXII.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act to provide a National Cur-
rency secured by pledge of United States
Bonds, and to provide for the Circulation
and Redemption thereof," approved June
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section thirty-one of
said act be amended by striking out the word
" Leavenworth" when it occurs in said section.
Approved, March 1, 1872.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act extending the Time
for the Completion of the Green Bay and
Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigan Ship Canal,
in the State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the
completion of the Green Bay and Sturgeon
Bay and Lake Michigan ship canal be, and
the same is hereby, extended to the tenth
day of April, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and seventy-four.
Approved, March 1, 1872.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to set apart a certain
Tract of Land lying near tlie head-waters
of the Yellowstone river as a Public Park.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the tract of land in
the Territories of Montana and Wyoming,
lying near the head-waters of the Yellowstone
river, and described as follows, to wit, com-
mencing at the junction of Gardiner's river
with the Yellowstone river, and running east
to the meridian passing ten miles to the east-
ward of the most eastern point of Yellowstone
lake ; thence south along said meridian to the
parallel of latitude passing ten miles south of
the most southern point of Yellowstone lake ;
thence west along said parallel to the meridian
passing fifteen miles west of the most western
point of Madison lake; thence north along
said meridian to the latitude of the junction of
the Yellowstone and Gardiner's rivers ; thence
east to the place of beginning, is hereby re-
served and withdrawn from settlement, occu-
pancy, or sale under the laws of the United
States, and dedicated and set apart as a public
park-or pleasuring-ground for the benefit and
enjoyment of the people ; and all persons who
shall locate or settle upon or occupy the same,
or any part thereof, except as hereinafter pro-
vided, shall be considered trespassers and
removed therefrom.
Sec. 2. That said public park shall be under
the exclusive control of the Secretary of the
Interior, whose duty it shall be, as soon as
practicable,^ to make and publish such rules
and regulations as he may deem necessary or
proper for the care and management of the
same. Such regulations shall provide for the
preservation, from injury or spoliation, of all
timber, mineral deposits, natural curiosities,
or wonders within said park, and their reten-
tion in their natural condition. The Secretary
may, in his discretion, grant leases for building
purposes for terms not exceeding ten years, of
small parcels of ground, at such places in said
park as shall require the erection of buildings
for the accommodation of visitors; all of the
proceeds of said leases, aud all other revenues
that may be derived from any source con-
nected with said park, to be expended under
his direction in the management of the sam®,
and the construction of roads and bridle-paths
therein. He shall provide against the wantoa
destruction of the fish and game found within
said park, and against their capture or destrue-
tion for the purposes of merchandise or profit.
He shall also cause all persons trespassing
upon the same after the passage of this act to
be removed therefrom, and generally shall be
authorized to take all such measures as shall
be necessary or proper to fully carry out the
objects and purposes of this act.
Approved, March 1, 1872.
Chap. XXY.—An Act to constitute Shreve-
Sort, in the State of Louisiana, a Port of
'elivery.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Shreveport, in the
State of Louisiana, shall be, and is hereby,
constituted a port of delivery, within the col-
lection district of New Orleans; and there
shall be appointed a deputy collector of cus-
toms, to reside at said port, who shall re-
ceive a salary, to be determined by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, not exceeding fifteen
hundred dollars per annum.
Approved, March 1, 1872.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act to authorize the
Construction of a Bridge across the Missouri
river at or near St. Joseph, Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful
for "The St. Joseph Bridge-Building Com-
pany," a corporation organized for that pur-
pose under the general corporation laws of
the State of Missouri, to construct a bridge
across the Missouri river at or ne.-ir Saint
Joseph, Missouri, and to lay on and over said
bridge railway tracks for the more pcrfect con-
nection of any and all railways that are now,
or which may hereafter be, constructed to the
Missouri river at or near Saint Joseph, or to
the river on the opposite side of the same, near
Saint Joseph; and build, erect, and lay on and
over said bridge ways fur wagons, vehicles of
all kinds, and for the transit of animals, and
to provide ways for foot-passengers, and to
keep up, maintain, and operate said bridge for
the purposes aforesaid; and that when said
bridge is constructed, all trains of all railroads
terminating at said river, and on the opposite
side thereof, at or near Saint Joseph, Missouri,
shall be allowed to cross said bridge for rea-
sonable compensation, to be made to the own-
ers of the same, under the limitations and con-
ditions hereafter named. The owners of said
bridge may also charge and receive reasonable
compensation or tolls, for the transit over the
said bridge of all wagons, carriages, vehicles,
animals, and foot-passengers.
Sec. 2. That any bridge built under the
provisions of this act may, at the option of
[the] person or persons, or corporation build-
ing the same, be built as a draw-bridge, with a
pivot or other form of draw, or with unbroken
or continuous spans: Provided, That if the
same shall be made of unbroken continuous
spans, it shall not be of less elevation in any
case than fifty feet above extreme high-water
mark, as understood at the point of location,
to the bottom chord of the bridge, norshall the
spans of said bridge be less than three hundred
and fifty feet in length, and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river, and the main span shall be over the main
channel of the river and not less than three
hundred feet in length: And provided xlsa,
