1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the
amendment just adopted:
And the annual salaries of the judges of the Court
of Claims shall be $5,000 from and after the 1st day
of July, 1872.
This is an amendment that is so eminently
proper that I hope the Senate will adopt it
without controversy. These judges are in ses-
sion longer than the Supreme Court. It is a
very important court. It is a court that saves
to this Government, in my judgment, millions
of dollars annually. Claims against the Gov-
ernment, instead of coming here to Congress
and being lobbied through, as they formerly
were, and being investigated only on one side,
are required by lawnow, in cases where they
arise out of contracts, to go before this Court
ofClaims. They are there subjected to a judi-
cial investigation. The Government, has attor-
neys there, and the cases are examined, and
an unjust claim cannot get through that court.
We ail know that unjust claims do sometimes
get allowed in Congress, because the testimony
is presented on one side ; it is ex parte,; and
we are misled by the statements made. But
this court has been organized for the protec-
tion of the Government, and, in my judgment,
does protect it to a very great extent. The
salaries are certainly inadequate. Salaries of
$4,000 for gentlemen who have to reside here
at Washington, and who are holding court for
six months in the year 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nine months.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nine months in the
year, my friend suggests, are entirely dispro-
portionate ; and I hope the Senate will agree
to the amendment I have offered. A Senator
near me suggests it ought to be $6,000, but I
have offered it at $5,000.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that the
question of these judicial salaries ought to be
regulated in a bill by themselves. The salaries
of the judges of the Court of Claims are now
$4,000 a year. I admit they are too low.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me say to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that we raised them last
year, but the House disagreed to it.
Mr. MORTON. I will vote to increase
them, but not at this time. The effect of this
course is simply to load the bill down until all
this increase of salaries will fail. Those
who are desirous of having the officers who
receive the low salaries, only getting $3,000,
brought up to $4,000, should stand by the
bill in something like its present form, and not
load it down with other amendments t.0 increase
the salaries of officers now getting $4,000 and
bring them up to $5,000. When the Assistant
Secretaries have had their salaries increased to
$4,000, they are then simply placed on the
same platform occupied by the judges of the
Court of Claims now; but by putting this
amendment and others of a kindred charac-
ter on, the whole thing is broken down.
It is true these judges labor here nine months
in the year; but these other officers, who are
only getting S3,000, labor here eleven and
twelve months in the year, and they work
just as hard and their positions require
just as much capacity, and jnst as much
brains, too. They get only $3,000 a year and
work the whole twelve months, except, per-
haps, they may go off for two or four weeks
during the summer to recruit their health.
They work longer than those judges, and they
now get $1,000 a year less. After we have
brought them up to the same level with the
judges of the Court ofClaims, I shall be will-
ing to vote for a bill to make their salaries
what they ought to be.
And I will say to the Senator from Illinois
that I am opposed to this system of low and
starving salaries for offices that require talent,
learning, and industry. It is the poorest pub-
lic economy that, was ever piacticed in the
world. The Government loses money instead
of saving money by it. Every office that re-
quires education, ability, and devotion ought
to be well paid. The officer ought to be paid
according to his ability and according to the
importance of his duties. I repeat, this sys-
tem of low and starving salaries for offices of
this kind is the poorest possible economy. I
have ever entertained that view. But I believe
in doing something that is practicable. Here
are officers who only get $3,000 a year, and
we are now trying to bring them up to $4,000.
I am not willing to break this measure down
by putting on other amendments for the pur-
pose of making the salaries of officers who now
get $4,000, $5,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I concur in what has
been so well said by the Senator from Indiana,
that the Government loses in not paying tal-
ent and industry a just compensation. I do
not see, however, why we should not make this
change in this bill. This bill fixes the sala-
ries of these judges. If we propose to in-
crease other salaries, I do not know why we
should not increase the salaries of the judges
of the Court of Claims.
Mr. President, I have voted on this bill against
any increase of salaries, not because I do not
think salaries ought to be increased; but, as
I have said again and again, this is not
the proper time nor the proper place to change
salaries. The Committee on Appropriations
was appointed merely to report the necessary
appropriations to carry out existing laws, not
to legislate as to what the salaries of officers
ought to be. If we are earnest in this matter,
let us have the whole subject referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, or some other
committee, and let us grade the salaries from
beginning to end, taking proof as to what the
labors of the different officers are, and what
their responsibilities are, how far and how
long they have to labor, what talent and time
arc required. Then we shall legislate wisely,
and, I think, legislate well.
But it is impossible to reach just and wise
legislation when you discriminate, when the
Senate in one mood raises a salary, and per-
haps in a different mood diminishes another
or refuses to change it, although perhaps the
labor, the responsibility, and the talent are
greater in the case where you refuse to raise a
salary than in the case where you have already
done it. It does seem to me that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, the Committee on
Finance, or some other committee, should take
this whole subject of salaries into considera-
tion, beginning with the employes of the Sen-
ate, many of whom are not well paid, and then
upon their report we may act wisely and act
reasonably.
Why, sir, I say what I know when I state
that the district judges of the United States
are perhaps as poorly paid as any officers of
tills Government. Their salaries, it seems to
me, ought to be at least five or six thousand
dollars, and yet within a very few years it has
been only $2,700; and where they have large
districts and go and hold courts in large States
in two or three places, it takes most of their
salary to pay their ordinary expenses. It is a
peddling out of justice, and as the Senator
from Indiana says, wisely and well, the Gov-
ernment loses by such false economy. It does
not command the highest talent, in the first
place, and then, when it does, they hurry
through the cases, not being allowed a salary
sufficient to pay the expenses which are abso-
lutely required in holding court.
1 have hitherto voted against any increase
of salaries, because the Committee on Appro-
priations, of which I am a member, determined
not to raise any salaries, and I considered
that I ought to stand by the committee. I
have voted against it, secondly, because I did
not think that committee could do it at all
| wisely or well. But if we are going to raise
I the salaries of a gieat many officers, as we have
S done, I think we should do it in regard to the
judges of the Court of Claims and other judges.
Mr. ANTHONY. I admire the speeches
of the Senator from Indiana and the Senator
from Kentucky; but I do not come to precisely
the same conclusion. The only objection I
have to this amendment is that the increase is
not sufficient. There are no officers of this
Government so poorly paid, who perform so
much labor, who render so great services and
of such value to the Government as the judges
of the Court of Claims. The chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary has well said that
they save millions to this Government every
year. We all know how private claims were
formerly lobbied through Congress, with no
representation on the part of the Government,
everything decided upon ex parte statements.
Since we have had this Court of Claims the
Government has not been defrauded and can-
not be defrauded in that way. I will not move
to amend the amendment by increasing the
sum, although I should have much preferred
if the Senator from Illinois had proposed
$0,000, and I would like to have him do it
now; but if he will not, I will not move to
amend it, because perhaps it may endanger
the amendment; but so for from this amend-
ment injuring the bill, as the Senator from
Indiana suggests, in my opinion it will
strengthen it. It will be the strongest in-
ducement for me to vote for the bill with
the increase of salaries, for we have made no
increase of salaries on this bill so much
demanded by reason and justice and common
sense as this one.
Mr. BAYAIiD. It is very certain that the
Senate have within the last_ year or two very
positively signified their disposition to advance
the salaries of the judges of the Court of
Claims ; and I must take ^ome exception to
the remarks of my friend from Kentucky who
considers that because we have here an oppor-
tunity for doing what is right and just in a
single case, we should abstain from doing it
until we can do justice and right in all cases.
If sufficient unto the day be the evil thereof,
I think we might adopt the converse of the
proposition, and say that when we can do an act
so just, so proper as in some degree decently to
compensate this high grade of judicial service,
it should be done.
With the Senator from Rhode Island my
only regret is that the amendment did not
place the salary at a more just rate. These
officials, the judges of the Court of Claims,
pass upon a class of cases equal in the mag-
nitude of the interests involved to any other
class of cases in any court in this country, or
in any other. The principles which lie at the
base of these cases which they are called upon
to adjudicate require as much learning and as
high ability as any other judicial service per-
formed in this country; and yet for that, there
is not a man upon that bench fit and compe-
tent to deal with these questions with the abil-
ity that they are dealt with in that court, who
could not readily, exerting the same amount
of ability and character in his private inter-
ests, earn four times the amount he re-
ceives. I trust there will be no objection,
because we cannot reach each case of inequal-
ity and of insufficiency of remuneration for
judicial service, to allowing this simple act
of tardy, inadequate justice to be done to the
officials to whom this amendment relates.
Mr. STEVENSON. My friend from Dela-
ware misunderstood me, if he supposed that
I was unwilling to support this amendment.
On the contrary, I said I thought this was
the proper bill to do it on ; but what 1 did say
was that 1 thought that while we were doing
this for the judges of the Court of Claims, we
ought to provide also for the district judges
and a great many other officers. I gave as a
reason for my vote hitherto against raising
salaries that I did not think the Committee on
Appropriations had considered it or were pre-
pared to adjust them as they should be ad-
justed; but I am willing now as a Senator to
vote not only to increase the salaries of the
judges of the Court of Claims, but if this
amendment prevails I shall movo an amend-
