3434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
matter it is suggested that six months from the
parage of this aot would give ample time for ail
claimants to appear.
If the duty ot adjusting these claims is to bo de-
volved upon the Secretary of the Treasury, I deem
it indispensable that an appropriation be placed
under his direction for the propor defense of the
United States in respect to such claims. The sum
of $20,000,1 think* would be adequate for the pur-
pose.
I inclose thesection as adopted by the House, with
the suggested amendmont added thereto in brackets.
In addition to the cotton collected as the property
of the confederate government, and that claimed by
blockade-running companies, considerable quanti-
ties of privatecotton were also seized after the 30th
of June, in many eases on mere suspicion of boing
tainted or liable to forfeiture, or on other pretexts
by over-zealous if not rcckless agents or parties
having contracts for collecting such property, inter-
ested in making largo seizures tor the sake of the
percentage they were allowed for such collections.
The net proceeds of tho cotton seized after the
30th of June, 1865, are estimated to exoood &5.000,0{)0,
of which possibly half a million would be returnable
under thesection amended as I have suggested.
As those amendments would limit the operation of
the section to claims for private property soiled
contrary to the instructions of tho (iovcrument,
after the rebellion had ceascd, it would bo unjust to
discriminate against such claimants as were disloyal.
I think the provision to retund tho net proceeds
will amply protect the Government against payment
for thegross value. I desire to call your special at-
tention to the debate on the subject in tho llouso on
the 7th instant, to bo found in the Globe of the fol-
lowing day. In the course of the debate several
erroneous statements were made, doubtless through
inadvertence, which I here refer to so far as they
are not corrected by the preceding statement.
By reference to Executive Document No, 113,
Forty-First Congress, third session, House of Rep-
resentatives, it will be seen that the balancc of pro-
ceeds of abandoned and captured property remain-
ing in the Treasury on tho 9lh of February. 3871,
amounted in round numbers to thesuiu of $22,600,000,
which included the procoeds of products of insur-
rectionary States purchased for the United States
u nder tho eighth section of the act of Congress of
July 2, 1864, amounting to $2,400,000. Deducting
this last amount the balancc at that date applica-
ble to claims of every kind against the captured and
abandoned property fund was S20.200.000.
The amountsince paid on judgments of tho Court
of Claims is $1,300,000. The amount required to pay
judgments of the Court of Chums rendered at the
present term will amount to about nineteen hun-
dred thousand dollars. Tho probable amount that
will bo required to satisfy future judgments of the
Court of Claims and awards of the American and
British claims commission will be about lourtecn
million dollars!; leaving, to represent all other prop-
erty seized and collected, including the cotton of
the confedoratc government, the sum of $3,000,000.
The statement that "there are now, not in the
Court of Claims, but before the Secretary of the
Treasury, adjudicated claims settled and allowed
for the proceeds of cotton," merely needing an ap-
propriation. if intended to mean other claims than
those adjudicated by the Court of Claims, is entirely
erroneous.
The assertion that the present " Secretary of tho
Treasury holds the action of the agents ot the Gov-
ernment in seizing those cottons was without author-
ity ot* law*' should be limited to .such of the cotton
seized after the 30th of June, 1805. as was seized in
violation of tho instructions of the Government.
Such seizures have not been the subject of a decis-
ion of the Supreme Court, as intimated. The coso
involving tho legality of such seizures to which ref-
erence is probably intended, (iMcLeod vs. CalJicot,)
was decided in the United States circuit court, at
Charleston, South Carolina, by Mr. Chief Justice
Chase and a jury, in favor of the plaintiff; but for
some reason unknown to ine the ease was not sub-
mitted to the Supreme Court for revision.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. O. Howe, United States Senate.
Mr. COLE. All the amendments that were
recommended by the Secretary ot' the Treas-
ury as safeguards to the Treasury are adopted
in the report that is recommended by the
conference committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He recommended that
you should not do anything of the kind.
Mr. COLE. I say, all the amendments that
he recommended for the protection of the
Treasury have been agreed to by the commit-
tee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But he recommended
that we should not enter upon this method of
doing it at all
Mr. COLE. At first he recommended that
all these claims should be sent to the Court of
Claims; but then he proposes certain amend-
ments to the amendment of the House which
have been adopted, as I have said, by the com-
mittee of conference and are a part of the
report.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, I desire to know
from the Senator from California wRether I
understand that letter aright. I understand
the Secretary as advising the Senate and Con-
gress distinctly not to adopt the measure which
is now reported.
Mr. COLE. The letter speaks for itself.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, I hope we shall
not adopt it.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent to
extend the time for taking a recess fifteen
minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. COLE. It is important that this bill
should pass as soon as possible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The trouble about that
is that everybody will be gone to dinner, and
we shall only find a very thin Senate here, and
I think a matter of this importance ought to
be determined by a full Senate.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Cali-
fornia had better give way to me.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont objects to the proposition of
the Senator from California.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word
right on this point.
Mr. FLANAGAN. 1 believe I shall go
through with my remarks, and then I shall be
happy to hear my friend from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a word in
reference to the closing sentence of the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury which con-
tained an error.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Very well.
Mr. SAWYER. The Secretary says in his
letter that the case of McLeod vs. Callicott
was not subjected to the decision of the Su-
preme Court. It is a fact that that case was
brought to the Supreme Court, and was dis-
missed on the motion of the solicitor of the
United States.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, the high
regard I have for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury 
Mr. SHERMAN, I trust the time for taking
a recess will be extended fifteen minutes, to
see if this report can be disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor fiom Vermont has objected to that proposi-
tion. Docs the Senator from Vermont with-
draw his objection to the extension of the
time?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, I do not. I
intend that this matter shall be determined,
if possible, by a full Senate.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Texas
has not tune to finish his remarks, 1 will move
to lay aside this conference report and extend
the time fifteen minutes, in order to enable me
to pass the coal bill.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am not going to be
tedious.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Texas has the floor, and declines to
yifld.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I will
say very briefly that I object entirely to the
ideas conveyed to the Senate by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in the letter which has
just been read. The line is clearly drawn
by him that would relieve the Government
from all responsibility for any bale of cotton
that they had seized, no matter how unright-
eously. For instance, an officer went upon
the premises of A, B, or C, with his armed
posse, and by force took the cotton there. As
a matter of course the Government would
not recognize that that was properly done, and
would not pay for it. That is the idea pre-
cisely that is advanced in that letter. That
will not do. We cannot afford 
Mr. COLE. Let me appeal to my friend
to allow me to ask the Senate for an extension
of the time for live or ten minutes, in order to
allow my friend from Nevada, to whom I am j
bound by promise to do so, to pass his coal j
bill. I appeal to the Senate to do that. |
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 1
from California asks unanimous consent to
extend the time for the purpose of taking up
the bill regulating the sale of coal lands.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made by the Senator from South Carolina,
Mr. STEWART. I move, then, that the
time be extended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
now recognizes the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scott.] He yielded on condition
that he should resume the floor one minute
before half past four o'clock. That time has
arrived, and the Senator from Pennsylvania
is recognized.
Mr. STEWART. I move tliat the time be
extended fifteen minutes in order to allow me
to dispose of the coal bill.
Mr. .ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That motion is not in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the motion is not in order. The
Senator from Pennsylvania is recognized.
Mr. SCOTT. I resume the iloor simply for
the purpose of having the floor to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, when the unfinished business
will come up, being Senate bill No. (556.
The PRESIDING OFFIOISR. The time
fixed for taking a recess having arrived, the
Semite will now take a recess until half past
seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Furry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) By order of the
Senate, the evening session is devoted exclu-
sively to reports from the Committee on Com-
merce.
DUNSTAN RIVER.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce have directed me to report back
without amendment, House bill No. 2313, to
authorize the construction of a bridge over the
tide-water of Dunstan river, in the State -of
Maine, and to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the inhabitants
of the town of Scarborough. Cumberland
county, Maine, may be licensed to build as in
their judgment may be or may become neces-
sary to facilitate intercommunication, a bridge
or bridges either for railroad or ordinary travel
over the tide-water of Dunstan river at or
above the steep batiks so called on that river
without any draw 111 the bridge or bridges so
constructed.
Mr. POMEROY. That has not got the safe-
guards that we usually pat into bridge bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me tell the Senator
that nothing of the kind is necessary. I know
it. is all right. This is a little creek over which
there is no commerce in the world ; but it is
tide-water, and therefore tlic consent of Con-
gress is necessary. It is petitioned for by the
people. There is no navigation on the river.
Mr. POMEROY. That may all be so; but
if I were to draw a bill I would draw tho bill
right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
davenport and st. paui, railroad company,
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1672.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1672)
granting to the Davenport and St. Paul Rail-
road Company the right of way.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one,
