1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1643
merit also to increase the salaries of the dis-
trict judges of the United States.
Mr. COLE. I am much inclined to raise
a point of order upon thia amendment, as it
presents the case in such a light as to meet my
views as to what, the construction of the thir-
tieth rule ought to be, and I will take a ruling
now upon the question as I shall present it.
The second paragraph of that rule is that—
" All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
The ruling heretofore has been that an
amendment like this does not propose a new
item of appropriation, but it directly involves
an appropriation. It directly involves an
appropriation, too, for an item specified in
this bill. The pending amendment proposes
to raise the salaries of these judges to $5,000.
On the sixtieth page of this bill I find we
are appropriating for the item mentioned in
the amendment after the 1st of July next, as
follows:
For salaries of live judges of the Court of Claims,
at $4,000 each.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
change that.
Mr. COLE. The Senator says he does not
propose to change that. He by his amend
ment involves the necessity of a change of that
appropriation. It requires a new appropria-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is arguing
a point of order without making it. I want
him to make his point of order and then
argue it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules that the Senator from California is in
order in making his point of order. He is
making it pretty full. [Laughter. ]
Mr. COLE. I have about stated it, and I
have cited the rule to show the application of
the case.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the point?
Mr. COLE. If the Senator has not com-
prehended it, it is not worth while for me to
repeat it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the point of order of the Sen-
ator from California to be that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois is out of
order under the thirtieth rule. This rule is in
derogation of the-ordinary parliamentary law,
and was designed to enable the Senate to
sweep away a proposed amendment, without
carrying the bill upon the table. It is there-
fore not to be extended beyond the fair scope
of its language.
Mr. COLE. I refer to the second clause,
not the third clause of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the decision first. "No amend-
ments proposing additional appropriations,"
&c., is the language; and then, again, "all
amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate pro-
posing new items of appropriation," &c. It
is very clear that to come within this rule
the amendment must propose to make an
appropriation. The Senator from California
observes that if th,is amendment should be
adopted an appropriation will become neces-
sary. That may be true. This amendment,
however, does not make the appropriation.
There would then be a discrepancy between
the salary and the appropriation, which could
be provided for in a deficiency bill, or by a
proper amendment offered and adopted under
this rule to the appropriation bill. The Chair
therefore rules that the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois is in order and
not witliin this rule.
Mr. HILL. I ask for information. Does
that amendment stand as an independent one
now, or is it an amendment to an amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itia an inde-
pendent amendment to the bill.
Mr. HILL. Then I propose to amend the
amendment by adding:
And the annual salaries of the judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States, from and after the
lstof July, 1872, shall be $-3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HILL. I think we had better have the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I will state for the information
of the Senator from Georgia that the salaries
of some of these judges now are $5,000, and
one, I think, receives more than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; $5,000 is the
highest.
Mr. COLE. Some of them receive $3,500,
and so on down, according to the services
they render.
Mr. HILL. " I am aware of that. I have got
the Blue Book before me. I thought I would
make them uniform.
Mr. CORBETT. The salaries of these
judges who are up to $4,000 now are, in the
State of California, $5,000 ; northern district
of Illinois, $4,000; Louisiana, $4,500; Mas-
sachusetts, $4,000; northern district of New
York, $4,000; southern district of New York,
$4,000; eastern district of New York, $4,000;
New Jersey, $4,000 ; Ohio, southern district,
$4,000: Pennsylvania, eastern district, $4,000;
western district, $4,000. I think the others
receive $3,000 or $3,500.
I introduced a bill at the last session of Con-
gress for the purpose of raising the salaries of
these district judges. The necessity of this is
very evident to my mind 
Mr. HILL. Allow me a word right there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon yield?
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to conclude
my remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon declines to yield. Therefore the
Senator from Georgia will not interrupt him.
Mr. HILL. The Chair will excuse me. I
am not so informed, and I will relieve the Sen-
ator of that difficulty by stating 
Mr. CORBETT. I would prefer to make
my statement, first before yielding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia is out of order. The Senator
from Oregon has the floor and will proceed.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the im-
portance of this amendment has been brought
to my attention from the absolute necessity of
increasing the salary of the judge of our own
district court. This judge during the war
received a salary of $3,500 in our country
where everything was based upon gold, and
where everything had to be paid for in gold.
The judge of our district was obliged to sell
currency at for thirty-seven and a halt to fifty
cents on the dollar, and sometimes it was as
high as sixty cents. The result was that our
district judge got on the average about fifteen
to eighteen hundred dollars a year, and having
a large family to support, it has been very diffi-
cult for him to meet his expenses.
I have no doubt that he has been unable
to support a large family with the salary
which has been allowed him. He has appealed
to me by letter a,nd by personal statements
frequently of his financial condition. Ihis
gentleman is a man of high standing and
ability. I believe that many gentlemen
who have met him who are present in this
Chamber will testify that there is no judge
perhaps on the bench that sustains a higher
reputation than he does. I prepared an amend-
ment, and referred it to the Committee on
Appropriations, raising the salary of this judge,
but I understood it would be ruled out ot order,
it not having been reported by a committee
of this body, and lor that reason I have not
offered it. I was also informed by the Sena-
tor from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] that the
committee had determined not to raise any
salary on this bill and to oppose the raising
of any salaries whatever.
But now, sir, as the salaries of many of the
officers connected with the Government have
been raised to a proper amount, I believe no
higher than they should be considering the
expenses of living herein Washington, I think
we should provide also for the judges of the
district courts. Considering the expenses of
these judges, that they are obliged to travel in
many instances, that they are obliged to live
at the principal towns where the courts are
held, their expenditures are necessarily much
higher in consequence of the position they
hold than many others who occupy different
positions; and for this reason, it seems to me,
it is highly appropriate that these judges should
be allowed this amount. We agreed to an
amendment at the last session of Congress fix-
ing their salaries at $5,000. The bill went to
the other House, and in a committee of con-
ference the amendment for the salaries of the
district judges was stricken from the bill, and
the salaries of the judges of the Supreme Court
and circuit court were raised.
It seems to me that it is a peculiarly appro-
priate time, now to fix the salaries of these
judges. During the past year we have very
materially decreased the expenses of this Gov-
ernment and reduced them to a great extent.
I think we are in such a condition now that we
can afford to do justice to our public servants
and particularly the judges of our courts. It
seems to me that they of all others should be
placed above want. They should not be sub-
jected to any temptations to depart from their
legitimate duties as judges of the law; they
should not be expected to enter into any other
pursuit in life; and if we compel these judges
to enter into other pursuits we cannot expect
them to properly attend to this duty. The
judge of the court in my district in the State
of Oregon has charge to some extent of busi-
ness from Washington Territory, and Alaska
I believe. There is a large amount of business
and he is constantly employed in the courts.
I trust this amendment may be adopted.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I was so unfor-
tunate a few moments ago as to have to seem
pertinacious about making a suggestion to the
Senator from Oregon. It is very far from
my habit to be guilty of any impropriety, I
hope, either toward Senators or toward the
occupant of the Chair ; and if I have trans-
gressed on this occasion I regret it very much.
I wished to say, when I sought to interfere,
simply that it had occurred to me on the
suggestion of Senators around me that the
proposition which I have offered as an amend-
ment here would be quite as agreeable to me
by a modification, by the increase of $1,000
upon the present respective salaries of the
judges of the various district courts of the
United States. If it might be more agreeable
to the Senate to give it that shape, I would be
glad to do it, impressed as I am that the sala-
ries are too low. I do not carc anything about
the form of it, about its being $5,000. I know
they arc graduated now, and perhaps not suffi-
ciently so according to the discrepancy between
the amount of service in the different districts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the yeas and nays
have been ordered on this amendment, and it
will not be possible to modify it except by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. HILL. I therefore propose that, if it
meet with the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, I be allowed to modify the proposition by
an increase of $1,000 upon the salary of each
district judge of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. That will make some six
thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Georgia allow me to say to hiin that I do not
think that would do? It would put up oue
$5,000 judge to $6,000. If he will limit it
by saying " provided no salary shall exceed
$5,000," I shall not object.
