1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3435
line six, to strike out the words 4tsuperstruc-
ture of the" before the word " bridge so as
to read:
That the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad
Company, a corporation existing under the laws of
the State of Iowa, be, and is hereby, authorized,
upon the payment of one third of the cost of the
bridge over tho main channel of tho Mississippi
river at Rocklsland, and shall also be liable for and
pay one third of the cost of keeping the same in re-
pair, to puss the cars of the said Davenport and
St. Paul Railroad Company over said bridge,
with the same rights and privileges, and subject to
the same restrictions, that are or may be exercised
or enjoyed by any other railroad company.
The amendment was agreed to.
• The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section two, line two, after the
words u United States," to insert the words
"one half of;" in line three, after the word
"act," to insert the words "and the payment
to the Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific Rail-
road Company of the remaining half of said
sum of moneyf" and after the word "direc-
tion," in line eleven, to insert the words " and
shall continue under the control;" so as to
read:
That upon the payment into the Treasury of the
United States of one half of the money referred to
in section one of this act, and the payment to the
Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of the remaining half of said sum of money,
said Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
shall be authorized to construct and maintain its
own track and bridge from theeast end of the bridge
first above mentioned to the city of Rock Island, in
the State of Illinois: Provided,, however, That tho
same shall be done without any expense to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and under tho direc-
tion and shall continue under tho control of the
Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
after the word "act," in line ten, to insert:
And when completed any other railroad company
or companies shall be permitted, under thedircotion
of the Secretary of War, to pass their trains of ears
oversaid last-named bridge and track andapproachos
thereto upon paying to the parties then in interest
their proportionate share of the cost thereof, and of
keeping the same in repair: And provided jurther,
That nothing contained in this act shall be so con-
strued as to interfere with any right or claim of the
United States to control so much of the original line
or bridge as is located east of the main channel of
the Mississippi river.
So that the proviso will read :
And provided also, That said track and bridge
shall be completed within two year* from the pas-
sage of this act; and when completed any other rail-
road company or companies shall be permitted, <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as section
four the following:
Sec. 4. That the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad
Company shall have tho right to use the approaches
to said bridge, and in ease tho panics hereto cannot
agree upon the terms for using said approaches to
said bridge, then, and in that case, the same shall be
fixed by the Secretary of War, upon such terras and
in such manner as he may deem just and proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like toinquire
if these amendments obviate the objections
that were made by the Chicago and llock
Island Company.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, entirely.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. Ihe
bill was read the third time, and passed.
itkports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 980) to settle land titles in the State
of Iowa, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet
the title of certain lands in the State of Iowa,
reported it wiih amendments.
message from tiib house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. Ci.in-ton Lloyd its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 531) to prescribe the time for
holding the election for choosing electors tor
President and Vice President for the State of
Louisiana for the year 1872, in which it
requested the.concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 2048) for the relief of
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia.
A bill (E. R. No. 207) for the relief of
Robert L. D. Burchfield ; and
A bill (S. No. 845) to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges across the Missis-
sippi river, and to establish the same as post
roads.
quarantine on southern coast.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 82.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (11. R. No. 82)
providing for a more effective system of quar-
antine on the southern and Gulf coasts.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joint resolution with amendments.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in line six, after the word " Mex-
ico," to insert the words " and the Atlantic
coast."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve,
aftertheword "towns," to strike out the words
"and the pioper means to prevent such out-
breaks," and to insert "and whether any sys-
tem of quarantine is likely to be effective in
preventing invasions of yellow fever, and if
so, what system will least interfere with the
interests of commerce at said ports."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, reads as follows:
Uewlvcd, That tho Secretary of War tie, and is
hereby, directed to detail one -or nioro medical
officers of the regular Army, who shall, during the
coining season, visit each town or port on the coast
of the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic coast, which
is subject or liable to invasions of yellow fever, and
shall confer with the authorities of such port or
town with reference to the establishment of a moro
uniform and cffectivo system of quarantine, and
who shall ascertain all facts having rclerenco to the
outbreaks of this diseaso m such ports or towns, and
whether any system of quarantine is likely to bo
effective in preventing invasions of yellow fever;
and if so, what system will least lnterfoio with the
interests of commerce at said ports : and shall mako
also a detailed report on this subject to the Secio-
tary of War, through the Surgeon General, on or
before tho assembling of tho third session of the
Forty-Second Congress, m December, 1872.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and theamendments were
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the resolution read
a third time. The joint resolution was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARLAN. Ought not this resolution
to be changed to an act?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a House
jointresolution. It isso receivedan<l recorded,
and will have to bo considered as it is.
peninsula in lake ekik.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 077. .
The motion was agreed to; and the hill (o.
No. 677) to authorize the Secretary of War to
accept the peninsula in Lake Erie, opposite
the harbor of Erie, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of War
to receive and accept from the marine hos-
pital of Pennsylvania, a corporation duly incor-
porated by the Commonwealth ol Pennsylva-
nia, the title to a piece or parcel of land, being
the peninsula lying to the northward of and
inclosing the Bay of Presque Isle, and contain-
in" two thousand and twenty-four acres, more
or°less. to be held by the Government of the
Umted States for the protection of the harbor
of Erie; but the deed conveying the same is
not to be received or accepted until the title
is complete and indefeasible, nor unless the
acceptance thereof shall be recommended by
a board of officers appointed by the President.
The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment, which was in line fourteen to
insert after the word " officers" the words
of the corps of engineers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
COASTING TllADE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the cotisiderationp of Senate bill
No. 701).
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 799) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes."
The Committee op Commerce reported an
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill and insert the
following:
That tho first section of an act entitled as above,
approved Julyl, 1870. bo, and hereby is, amended
to read as tollows: " That the master of every ves-
sel enrolled or licensed to ongago in tho foreign and
coasting trade on tho northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of tho United States shall,
before the departuro of his vessol from a port in one
collection district to a port or plaeo in another
collection district, present to the oollcctor at
the port of departure duplicate manifests of his
cargo, or, if he have no cargo, diipliento manifests
setting forth that fact, which manifests shall bo
subscribed and sworn to by tho master before
tiio collector, who shall indorse thereon his certifi-
cate of clearance, retaining one for tho files of his
otlice, and delivering the other for tho uso ot tho
master. And the master of any vessel enrolled and
licensed as aforesaid, destined from a plaeo in one
collection distrietol the United States, whoro there
may bo no custom-house, to a port or place in
another collection district, shall have on board a
inamlost subscribed by himself, setting forth the
cargo ladon at the place of dcpaituro, or laden or
unladen at any intermedial e place, or, if he liavo no
cargo, setting forth Unit fact; and such manifest
shall bo presented for certification to the proper
officer of tho customs at the first intermediate port
at which such vessel may arrive. And if any icssel
clcai mg or departing from a port, or place to a port
or place in another district as lioroin betorc men-
tioned shall touch at any intermediate port or placo
in ihe United States and there discharge cargo taken
on board at an Amciican port or plaeo, or at such
iiitcrmediiito poi t or place sh.ill take on board cargo
destined for an American port or placo, the master
shall enter such lading or unlading on his manifest
obtained or provided at the original port or placo
of departuro; and if such vessol touch at an
intermediate port, tho master shall report such
hiding or unlading to tho collector or other proper
oHirer of the customs of such intermediate port,
bv filing with such officer a manifest, of tho cargo
taken on board or unladen nt.sueh intermediate
poll, 01- it tho muster shall neither receive nor de-
liver any caigo ho shall so report, certifying to that
tait and the collector shall indoiso upon tho
oi iginnl ma infest his eertiticate of clearance, and re-
turn the s,line to the master: Provided, Thatsuch
vessels touching at. any intermediate port or ports,
and reporting to the collector as herein provided
tor, shall not be requited to pay any additional tees
tor reporting. And the masterot any such vessel
sailing as aforesaid shall, within twenty-four hours
after arrival, deliver tho manliest retained by him
as aforesaid to the proper officer of tho customs at
thepoit of destination specified in such manifest,
or at the. port atwhich the ttnladingof thecargo may
be completed ; or if such unlading bo completed at
a place where there may be no custom-house, the
master shall deliver such manifest to the proper offi-
cer of the ens'oms at tho port at which the' vessel
may next arrive after leaving the placo of i.estina-
tion specified in such manifest: J'toviaed further.
That the foregoing requirements shall not apply to
stciiin-vcfscls engaged in regular navigation and
eon.-tituting a part of a line between certain ports
where theie may be custom-houses, when stopping
at intermediate ports to take on or discharge pas-
sengers, baggage, or goods, wares or merchandise,
not immediately destined tor or leceived from
any foreign port or place; but the musterol such
Meamer shall cntet such lading or unlading on
his manifest obtained at the original port ot de-
parture, and shall forward a manliest subscribed
andswolli to by himself, of such lading or unlad-
ing, to the proper officer of the customs at sucti
intermediate port before his departure there-
from, or within twenty-lour hours alter inriving a,
the poi t ot destination specilicd in his original
manifest- And tvovi'^d iiutfitr, Ihat the master
