2540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
generation? Be that prejudice, as he thinks,
lalsely founded, or be it not, it is not the prov-
ince of the law to run counter to it in this
manner when the colored people can have
everything they really want, where they can
have equal lights without our doing this offen-
sive thing ?
And, Mr. President, let me say to you that
I have a knowledge of the colored people of
this District, which is equal, at least, to that
of some of the Senators on this floor ; and a
large majority of the most respectable colored
people of this District whom i have seen have
told me that they wanted no such thing. In
fact, the pride of their own race, where they
have it, rebels against such a measure. A
colored man who is proud of his own race,
proud of his position, who is seeking to ele-
vate it—the very colored men who thank the
Senator from Massachusetts for the service he
has done them in elevating them in their posi-
tion—many of those very men have olten said
that they did not seek to force their society or
their companionship upon white people any
more than they wanted white people to force
themselves upon them. In other words, this
is a subject on which we should not legislate ;
it is a subject which will regulate itself.
You have done a great deal for the colored
race. You have given them ati opportunity,
if they have it in them, (and many of them,
have,) to elevate themselves, to elevate their
race, and to advance speedily and quickly ;
but now to undertake to interfere directly with
the social intercourse and relations of the chil-
dren of white people and colored people will
neither please the white people nor will you be
thanked for it by the best and most enlight-
ened of the colored people. They do not want
it; there is no necessity for doing it. Looking
at the question as one of propriety, removed
from the sphere of politics and political capi-
tal, whenever a man will sit down and exam-
ine it honestly and carefully, I really cannot
see, unless the habits of his mind and the
thoughts of his life have blinded his judg-
ment, how he can think it is better lor the
colored people to attempt to put such a bill as
this Lhrough Congress.
if 1 thought it was better for the colored
peopl", 1 would heaiiate a long while before I
should refuse to vole lor it mciely because the
white people might object. I think in the con-
dition the two races are before the law as you
have placed them m this country we are
bound to legislate on all subjects of legisla-
tion with cquahty toward them. But when
you leave the .ippropriate subjects of legisla-
tion, and tell mu that you will legulate how
much 1 shall eat, and how much 1 shall drink,
and when and where 1 shall eat it or drink it,
whether 1 shall live at this public house or
at the other public house; whenever you como
to interfere with my individual rights, with my
right to say where my children shall go to
school, when you attempt really an enforced
system of education, you are then treading oil
the bounds of that civil liberty which our an-
cestors cauie to this country to establish. You
must not forget, sir, m these great liberal
ideas which jou are expounding to the world
and legislating upon, that,after all, the found-
ation of the wiiule system is personal liberty
and personal independence. Unless you want
to make a compact and pecfeet machine that
throbs ju t precisely as you want it to do, you
cannot go to work and destroy the independ-
ence of all its members.
You may make this an imperial Govern-
ment like France; you may make it a great
military nation ; you may send out its legions
conquering aiul to conquer; but when you
destroy that personal love of liberty and per-
sonal independence by creating such a great
imperialism, such a despotism, you destroy
the very elements upon which the country and
its liberties are built; and when you come to
propose an ac; of this kind, with no earthly
necessity for it, I do insist upon it that I have
a right, before this bill passes, to ask the Sen-
ate to let me hear that report read that I may
see the reasons on which it is founded. It may
be—and I am free to say so—that there are in
that report reasons which will control my
judgment and the judgment of many of my
friends. It may be we should be glad to vote
for this bill after the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who has been always ready—I do him
full credit—in season and out of season at all
times to advocate the interests of his colored
fellow-citizens, shall have explained it. He
seems to-day to be dumb, to be silent; he
makes a little explanation and sits down. The
great reasons why the bill should pass I am
told are in a report; but I cannot see the
report or hear it read. Now, I appeal to the
Senate to give me time to examine the bill,
and to allow the Senator from Massachusetts
to prepare some remarks upon it. I should
like t,o hear lnfn deliver himself on this sub-
ject fully and at large, and at the same time
we should have this report read. I make this
appeal to the Senate on the ground that I de-
sire to examine the bill and hear the report,
and 1 hope to have the pleasure of hearing the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have nothing to say
except to ask the Senate for a vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose it is a common
right of a Senator to have a report read.
Mr SUMNER. There is no report on the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The right of
having papers read is governed by a rule of
the Senate, with which the Senator from Cali-
fornia is familiar. If there is a report of the
committee accompanying the bill its reading
may be called for.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no report on the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
report of the committee accompanying the
bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg pardon, then ; I
understood there was a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
any other papers is subject to the vote of the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. There are a great many
documents ; there is a great deal of history
bearing on this subject which occupied six
weeks of time in the month of January and
February. There are various, almost innum-
erable, petitions; there are reports of public
meetings, resolutions, and there is a report
made some tune ago from the board of trus-
tees of colored schools to the Secretary of the
Interior; but there is no report on this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I certainly understood
the Senator from Massachusetts to refer awhile
ago, when questioned by the Senator from
New Jersey, to a report in connection with
this bill. If I were in the wrong, I ask the
Senator from Massachusetts to state to what
report he did then refer.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 referred to a report made
by the trustees of colored schools to the Sec-
retary of the Interior tnore than a year ago on
the condition of the colored schools in this
District, and I said that this bill was in con-
formity with the prayer and recommendation
of that report, but there is no report on this
bill. This bill comes from the Committee on
the District of Columbia in the ordinary course
of business without a report.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the report of which
the Senator has spoken is at the desk I think
it ought to be read, if that is the basis or the
immediate motive of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
informs the Chair that there are no papers on
the table accompanying the bill.
Mr. STOCK I'ON. Perhaps I may have
misunderstood the Senator from Massachu-
setts; but when I asked him for information
he said there was a written report, and he
held that report in his hand, if I did not mis-
understand him. I asked that it be read. He
now says that there is no report on the bill.
That may be true; but was this printed by
Congress, may I ask the Senator?
Mr. SUMNER. It was. It is an executive
document.
Mr. STOCKTON. Th'is is an executive
document which the Senator referred to as
throwing light on this bill and explaining it;
and when 1 ask to have it read I am replied to
that there is no report from the committee on
the bill. Now, I ask as the right of a Senator
to have that bill explained, that the report be
read to the Senate before we vote on the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Question.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it is very
near the time of adjournment, and this bill of
the Senator from Massachusetts will probably
not pass without some debate. If there is no
other business intended to be brought before
the Senate, I move that we do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. COLE. I hope tlie Senator from Dela-
ware will withdraw that motion.
Mr. B A YARD. For what purpose?
Mr. COLE. I should like to call up the
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware withdraws the motion to adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I ask that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that, and call
for the yeas and nays. W e will see then whether
this bill is to be stifled or not. The Senator
from California will take the course that he
chooses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from California state his precise motion,
whether to postpone or lay on the table?
Mr. COLE. I wish to proceed with the
deficiency bill before we close.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply ask for a vote on
this bill. The bill is now just in its last stage.
There is only one vote to be taken. I hope
my friend from California will not interfere. I
appeal to him to let the vote be taken, and
then his deficiency bill can be made the order.
Mr. COLE. TheSenatorfrom Massachusetts
will remember very well that the Senator from
Delaware rose to move an adjournment 
Mr. STOCKTON, I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey has risen to a question of order.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will state the point of
| order. The Senator from Delaware has the
floor. He yielded as a matter of courtesy to
the Senator from California for one purpose
only, and that was to permit him to move to
take up one of the appropriation bills, on which
the Senator from Massachusetts rises and pro-
poses to have a vote on his bill. I call upon
the Senator from Delaware to take the floor
and make his motion, or, if he yields courte-
ously to the Senator from California, that he
go on with his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey upon a difference of one
letter. He states that the Senator from Del-
aware has the floor. If he had said that the
Senator from Delaware had the floor, it would
have been exactly correct; but he yielded the
floor to the Senator from California to make
a motion ; and as it was made by the Senator
from California the Chair supposed the motion
was debatable, that is to postpone the consid-
eration of this bill to take up the deficiency
bill; but if he moved to lay this bill on the
table it would not be debatable. The floor is
now in possession of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. He was taken off it by the point of
order, and will now resume it.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish to interfere with
the passage of the bill that is under consider-
