748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
"Ways and Means," has the effrontery to pre-
tend that he had a knowledge of what was
desired by the Ways and Means in placing
these bonds on the markeHn the way he did.
To be sure, he did employ abroad officers of
the Treasury, Judge Richardson and General
Spinner; and perhaps the banks might be
called his agents in a general sense, but not
" special agents." Not only was the spirit of
the law, as thus ambiguously defined on its
passage through this House, defied by the Sec-
retary, but, Mr* Speaker, it was done in defi-
ance of the very understanding of Congress.
Tho Senate had agreed to abandon the cor-
rupting and partial system of pets for their
il special" greed. The House had not, it
seems, succumbed when they limited the Sec-
retary to his one half of one per cent. So says
General Schenck. When it was before us on
the 12r,h of July I remarked on this iuffgle as
follows:
" But the second section of the bill embraced in
this report of the conference committee proposes
to appropriate a sum not exoeeding 0110 half of one
per oefit. of tho bonus herein authorized to pay tho
expensesof preparing, issuing, advertising, and din-
posing of the same. Now, 1 do not see any special
limitation to that clause. Who arc to bo tho agents to
beseieeted? tloware thoy to disposoof these bonds,
at home or ffbroad? All of the^o matteia should be
fixed m some dolimte wav, with proper restrictions.
Already our Secretary of the Treasury, and I may
say the executive department, have aggrandized
power enough in connection with our fiscal system.
One half ol one per cent, on $1,5UO,OUO,UOO worth of
bonds will amount, according to my calculation, to
$7,500,000. This is the sum which is to be given out
in some way or other to the special favorites of the
Administration lor the time being. I would Net no
such precedent. Wo in this House have passed no
such proposition. Tho conference committee have
riot, in my judgment, represented the views of tho
House of Representatives in consenting to give
this great power to tho Secretary of tho Treasury,
which uiaybe exercised for tho advantage or his
favorites.'* •****> * * * *
"I would limit tho Treasury to four por cent,
bonds. I would authorize tho employment of no
agents. I would save all that I could forth© people.
L would, wherever possible, strike off tariffs and
taxes, reduce tho balance of trado agamst. us, and
thus prepare the way tor the only panacea for tho
financial and industrial evils under which we aro
now suffering—the gradual, honest, fair resumption
of specie payments. This, as gentlemen will dis-
cover, is the only panacea for all our ills. I say to
gentlemen on both side*of the House that tho future
will work with us. Uod will work with us by I Lis
laws; commerce will work with us, and I trust both
sides of tlio House, before the lapse ot t wo years, will
woi k with us for tho resumption of specie payments,
a return to the legitimate currency oi commerce, tho
money of tho Constitution, and tho only safe basis
of trade, banking, ut currency."
While it waB by the merest catch-phrases
that tho bill was passed lor the expenditure
of the half per cent., and that ita execution
was restricted to the oflieers of the Treasury,
nevertheless I distrusted the law. It might,
as I (oared, be construed in the interest of
" special " agents and favorites ; and so it has
been. The minority of the Ways and Means
have presented in this connection the facts and
figures, which show just how much above tho
half per eent. these "special agents" have
been enabled to make by the equivoque of the
bill arid in defiance of its provisions.
Mr. .Speaker, it was because of this remark-
able condition of the case that I introduced
my resolution of inquiry, charging, first, ille-
gal expenditures; and second, an increase of
the debt. Public morality, the law-abiding
spirit, and the meaning of the law as inter-
preted by our best financiers, demanded an
investigation. Men and journals of both par-
ties, and of no partisan bias, demanded ex-
planation. Have we had it?
X do not complain that the inquiry has been
defeated as proposed. ' It was the duty of
the Ways and Means to have reported back
my resolution for the action of the House.
But they seem to have thought that by mak-
ing a few verbal inquiries of the Secretary
and of Mr. Jay Cooke, it was then their prov-
ince to report a resolution screening the Sec-
retary 1 If the resolution was worth their im-
perfect inquiry for the purpose of. indorsing
the Secretary, it was worth a more complete
investigation tor higher objects.
Mr. Jay Cooke, with the rest of the mystic
brotherhood of the' syndicate, might have been
compelled, under a proper investigation, like
Ku Klux witnesses, to answer particularly
and on oath. Mr. Cooke might then have told
us what he did make, and not evaded or failed t,o
answer. That he did make more than the one
half of one per cent, is clear. The Secretary
himself confesses that while the banks only
got "one fourth at first, and afterward one
eighth of the one per cent.," the syndicate got
the one half of one per cent., plus all that
remained of the one half of one per cent, after
pacing the banks their commissions and the
expenses. This remarkable construction of
the Treasury allows the expenditure of the
whole $7,600,000 on any sum'or proportion of
the loan. This the Secretary did not deny.
He only acted on it with reference to the
syndicate and the $130,000,000 which they
took. , But who ever heard of such presump-
tive stretches of arbitrary power ? Who ever
believed that the law, which, as General
Schenck said, forbade any " special agents,"
could be tortured first into their employment
and then into payment to them of any sum less
than $7,500,000 for any proportion of the
$1,500,000,000 of the loan?
How much money was made out of the de-
posit of money with the banks the minority
of the committee have ciphered. It runs into
millions ; for the money was practically kept by
them four or live months. The Secretary could
not tell how much the syndicate made. Mr.
Cooke, in answer to Mr. Kebb, did not answer
how much his banks made by the use of this
money which belonged to the Government.
" Hume would make more and some less," he
naively said. Is there no need of an inquiry
to ascertain how much was made, and who got
it? If the Government did not get it, and the
syndicate did get the extra millions above
the one half por cent., where did it come from ?
Did it come from the people, the over-taxed
people? Oh! but the Government would have
made nothing by leaving it idle in the Treas
ury; and for that reason, says Mr. Cooke, we
thought we would job on it. That requires, if
not investigation, at least the application of
some remedial legislative caustic. One thing
is clear, somebody has been enriched at the
expense of somebody; and that, too, by the
use of public funds and special agents. If
that, is not a breach of the law, then it is
because the law was purposely framed with
an ambiguous voice. It is itself a fraud,
and the Secretary who would oxecute such a
law in the interest of a banking band, and
against, the interest of the people, deserves
something else than commendation.
Many questions occur under the resolution
1 offered which are not, answered by thertech-
nical pleading of tho committee. If answered,
it would appeurthat the Government has been
bound in an illegal contract to the syndicate
and not the syndicate to the Government,. This
contract and its effect were well described by
the gentlemen of tho Ways and Means, [Mr.
Beck and Mr. Kerr.] Why did the Govern-
ment agree to pay double interest, eleven per
cent, in all, on a large amount for along time?
Is the tax-payer or the country in a better
condition than if this exceptional negotiation
had been postponed two years? How much
extra tax is laid upon the tax-payer now, to
gain a prospective saving which could have
been made better in 1873 ?
Other questions require solution. The
Treasury reported $92,000,000 gold "coin
in hand" the last of November, and since
the 1st of January they report $111,000,000
gold coin in hand. In the mean time the
payment for the called bonds and 1st January
interest (as far as paid) was 332,000.000, while
the receipts for duties were $15,500,000. There
should have been a diminution, not an increase.
Practically there was but little change as the
receipts and payments are in the certificates.
Whenee, then, the reported increase? Evi-
dently it is an amount standing to the credit
of the Treasury on tho books of Jay Cooke
& Co., and some national banks; a very dif-
ferent thing from gold on hand, or rather
"coin in hand," as reported. Talk of the
syndicate receiving three months' interest.
No one knows how much interest they receive
on the money still left with them, and which
they could not pay in gold at once.
Again, all the $200,000,000 new issue Were
said to be taken September 1, and settled for
December 1; yet on January 1, in the Usual
monthly report, hardly half the amount is
included as issued.
I should like to havo had pertinent inquiries
like these put to Judge Richaidson and to
General Spinner as well as to the syndicate
and the Secretary: when and how much was
the coin in the Treasury derived from the syn-
dicate ? By the second section of tho law the
Secretary Was to sell or exchange at par and
for coin. The bonds were issued September
1 ; they bear that date; interest runs from
that time. Now, did he exchange on that day?
If the gold was in the Treasury on that day
why did he not show it in his report of Octo-
ber 1 ? If the gold was not paid into the Treas-
ury, did he issue bonds on the 1st of Septem-
ber in exchange for bonds on December 1 ?
The Secretary claims that the depositories
are a part of the Treasury, and of course the
the gold was in the 'Treasury if it was in the
banks. As there is something very curious
in the manipulation of our funds and coin, ic
would be well to know how much is saved,
not, as Mr. Boutwell boasted in his Cincinnati
speech, $24,375,000, (less fees, $1,625,000, on
the $200,000,000,) but in the next, three years
by the proposed reduction of interest, which
could be better done then than now? Is not
the effect of this shrewd management that the
syndicate should hold the new bonds ninety
days, drawing interest, before being obliged to
pay over the gold or the old bonds? If so, is
it, worth while to continue such transactions?
Who dare, in the face of the statements of the
minority of the committee, [Mr. Beck and
Mr. Kerr,] deny that such transactions are a
fraud on the public?
What the whole amount of compensation
the syndicate will receive on the whole
$1,500,000,000 will be my friends of the min-
ority of the Ways and Means show. It will
be somewhere near twenty-five millions—a
pretty douceur 1 What it actually cost us to
place the $200,000,000 five per cents on the
market has been well described. It is shown
that the syndicate will make for the portion
they took. $3,350,000, less the expenses, esti-
mated at $300,000. The national banks took
$65,775,550 before August 1. The national
batiks proper, outside of the syndicate, only
took $14,377,300. The First National Bank
here in Washington took the sum of $117,-
518,950. This bank is in the syndicate. The
minority of the committee show that the syn-
dicate got the use of $135,000,000 for four
months, if not longei, and made nearly four
millions, less expenses, on their part of the
transaction, including their percentages, esti-
mated at over seven hundred and seventy-
three thousand dollars.
But it is said that the Secretary was bound
to lose the three months' interest, as he had
to give the three months' notice. I will not
answer this myself, but give Mr. Boutwell the
answer of the Boston Advertiser of* December
7. It is a paper in his interest and of his
party. It says:
As to the point which has been most criticised,
the lossI oi three months' interest, Mr. Boutwell
argues that he was obliged to give three months'
notice on the six per ccnts, and that as he could not
do so till the five per cents were placed and paid for,
so much lose ot interest was of necessity involved,
lie might^ have stipulated that the five per cents
snould be issued only as the six per ccnts were paid
lor, and it may be fairly urged that the lo.-s of in-
terest by the Treasury on gold lying idle is by no
means the same thing as the actual payment of in-
rmFe three months on a doable amount of debt,
ine manner in which the new loan was negotiated
