3436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
of any vessel with cargo, passengers, or baggage,
from any foreign port or place, shall obtain a permit
and comply with.existing laws before discharging
or landing the same: And provided further. That
nothing in this section contained shall exempt
masters of vessels from reporting, as now required
by law, any goods, wares, or merchandise destined
forany foreign port: And be It further provided, That
no permit shall bo required for tho unlading of
cargo brought from an American port."
Sec. 2. That the seoond section of the act above
referred to, approved July 1,1870, be, and is hereby,
amended to read as follows: "that tho master of
every vessel enrol led or licensed asa foresaid, destined
from a port or place in a collection district of the
United States to another port or place in the same
collection district, shall have on board a manifest,
subscribed by himself, setting forth the lading of
what kind soever on board suoh vessel, which mani-
fest shall be delivered to the proper officer of tho
customs at the port at which the unlading of the
cargo inn.y be completed, or if such unlading bo at
a place having no custom-houso, to the colleotor or
other proper officer of the customs at the next port
at which the vessel may arrive after such unlading.
And all manifests required by this act to be carried
on any vessel shall be exhibited by the master for
the inspection of any officer of the revenuo when
thereunto by him required. And so much of the act
entitled ' An act for enrolling and lioonsing ships or
vessels to Be employed in the coasting trado and fish-
eries, andfor regulating thesame,'approved February
18, 1793, as relates to the manifests of cargoes of ves-
sels, is hereby declared inapplicable to the cargoes
of vessels enrolled and licensed as aforesaid; and
the firstseotion of the act entitled ' An aot to further
provide for the collection of the revenue upon the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern frontier,
and for other purposes,' approved July 14, 18G2, and
all acts and parts of acts conflicting wkh tho pro-
visions of this act, are hereby repealed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
publication of maps.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I now move that the
Senate proceed to tbo consideration of Senate
bill No. 888.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 888) to provide for the publication of cer-
tain maps of survey of the upper Mississippi
and the Minnesota rivers, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to appropriate $7,00f), or
so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
publication of one thousand copies of the
maps of survey of the upper Mississippi and
the Minnesota rivers, made under the super-
vision of Major G. K. Warren, corps of en-
gineers, United States Army, in 18GG and
1867, under the direction of the War Depart
ment,
Mr. POMEROY. Should not that go to
the Committee on Printing? Do we not always
send such questions to the Committee on
Printing under our rules?
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a recommend-
ation from the War Department. The sur-
veys have been made and maps drawn that
have been quite useful for commerce, and we
wish to Older oue thousand copies.
Mr. POMEROY. Do not our rules require
the reference of all such propositions to the
Committee on Printing?
Mr. CHANDLER. If they do, let it go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The printing of the
usual number need not go to that committee.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a question of print-
ing maps. I have never been able to got
them printed from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, except by sending them to the
Committee on Printing. The Commissioner
if the General Land Office reports every year
the necessity of printing a certain number of
maps,and we always have to send them to the
Committee on Printing. I do not care to make
the point if the Senator does not choose to
make it himself.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. This makes an appropri-
ation, as I understand it.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill be read
again.
Mr. HARLAN. The work ought perhaps
to be done at the Printing Office.
The Chief Clerk read the bill..
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think it is
necessary to send that to the Committee on
Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
necessary under the rules.
Mr. HARLAN. But is it a good thing to
get our printing done elsewhere when we have
a vast Government establishment?
Mr. POMEROY. It ddfes not come under
the rules strictly speaking, I see, but I think
after all it should go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
some law which provides that any amount
beyond a certain sum shall be referred to the
Committee on Printing. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think this has any
earthly connection with tho Committee on
Printing. This is a direct appropriation for a
map to be provided by the engineer corps. It
is where we order printing to be paid for out
of our own funds that the proposition goes to
the Committee on Printing; but hero is an
appropriation which takes it away from that
rule.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. I inquire of
the Senator from Maine, why should this work
go away from the Public Printing Office ? Why
not have it printed there ?
Mr. HAMLIN. They do not print maps
there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, yes they
do.
Mr. HAMLIN. It goes to another branch
of the Government, the engineer department,
does it not ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. _
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think it should go
to the Committee on Printing, because it does
not take any money from our contingent fund.
That is the object of referring it to our com-
mittee.
Mr. HARLAN. No doubt Congress can
pass a law sending any job of printing any-
where else. It is merely a question of expe-
diency. If this bill passes, of course any
officer having the work in charge can hire it
to be done at any private establishment. I
suppose the Government Printing Office was
established and we are paying the men to keep
it up with a view of economizing. It is only
on that view of the case that I have made the
suggestion that I did, that this work ought to
be done where other work of the kind is done
under the Government. They print every-
thing at the Government Printing Office. Of
course it will have to be lithographed. They
do map printing there.
Mr. SCOTT. I observe that the bill simply
provides for the publication of the maps with-
out making any provision for their distribution
after publication. IIow are they to be dis-
tributed?
Mr. CHANDLER. By the engineer depart-
ment. Let it go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there by
no objection, tho bill will be referred to the
Committee on Printing. That reference is
ordered.
protection of harbors, ktc.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1072.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1072) for the better
preservation of harbors, havens, roads, chan-
nels, navigable rivers, lakes, and other naviga-
ble waters within the United States.
It provides that no master or owner, or any
person acting as master, of any ship, lighter,
steamboat, or other vessel whatsoever, being
or riding within any harbor, haven, port,
road, or channel within the United States,
shall cast, throw out, or unlade, or cause to be
east, thrown out, or unladen, nor shall there
be cast, thrown out, or unladen therefrom,
any ballast, rubbish, gravel, earth, stone,
wreck, or obstruction whatsoever, whereby
navigation of such harbor, haven, port, road,
or channel may be impaired or impeded. Any
owner, master, or person acting as master of
any ship, lighter, steamboat, or other vessel
whatsoever, violating any of these provisions,
is to be liable to a penalty of not less than
fifty dollars and not more than $500 for each
offense, and in addition thereto to pay the
expense of removing the ballast, rubbish,
gravel, earth, stone, wreck, or obstruction
so cast, thrown out, or unladen from and out
of such ship, lighter, steamboat, or other
vessel; which penalty and expense shall be a
lien on the ship, lighter, steamboat, or other
vessel, her cargo, tackle, apparel, and furni-
ture, and may be recovered, collected, and
remitted in like manner, and under the same
regulations, restrictions, and provisions as
have heretofore been established for the recov-
ery, collection, and remission of penalties and
forfeitures to the United States by the several
revenue laws. But nothing in this act con-
tained is to be construed to either permit or
prohibit the construction of piers, bridges,
bulk-heads, or other structures, or the filling
in of flats on the borders of navigable waters.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time,and passed.
brig balear.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 109!).
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1099) granting an American register to
the British bark Balear was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ib there a re-
port in that case?
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury. The facts are
that more than three fourths of the cost of the
vessel was expended in her repairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Was she s
foreign-built ship?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; she is an
American ship, one of the old ships American
built., and she is to be taken back.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then she is
under a British register at present?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; she changed
her register.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
tunnkij at buffalo.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1958.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. It. No. 1958) to authorize
the city of Buffalo, New York, to construct a
tunnel under Niagara river, and to erect and
maintain an inlet pier therefrom, for the pur-
pose of supplying the city of Buffalo with pure
water.
Mr. I'OMEROY. Why does it require an
act of Congress to ran under that river?
Mr. CHANDLER. Tbey have to erect a
pier.
Mr. POMEROY. Congress has jurisdiction
over the navigable waters, 1 know, but what
jurisdiction has it got under that river?
Mr. CHANDLER. The people of Buffalo
think it important to have the authority of
Congress for going under there. They have
to erect this pier to protect their water-works
out in the lake.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the American
side, of course.
Mr. CHANDLER. On the American side
seven hundred and fifry feet from the shore.
