4332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
already been considered by the Committee of
Claims.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New, Hampshire f.Mn Bull] insist on iiis
objection to debate?
M*. BELL. I do.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] insist upon a further
count on the motion to refer?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do, unless by unanimous
consent the bill can remain on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. KELLOGG and several others ob-
jected.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill has been consid-
ered by the Committee of Claims.
Mr. KELLOGG. As I understand the bill
has been considered by the Committee of
Claims, I withdraw my objection to its remain-
ing on the Speaker's labia.
The SPIiAKER. Is there further objec-
tion ?
Mr. PERCE and Mr. MAYNARD objected.
No quorum having voted on the motion to
refer the bill, tollers were ordered ; and Mr.
H.oujan and Mr. Kellogg were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bill will remain on
the Speaker's table.
message from the senatm.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
oue of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
confeienee upon this bill (S. No. 10715) to
increase the iatc*s of petition to certain per-
sona therein described.
RUVUS M. PICKEL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 403) for the relief of
Ilufus M. Pickel; which was read u first and
second time.
It authorizes and directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to
credit Rufus M. Pickel, late internal revenue
stamp agent at Mount Pleasant, Iowa, with
$572 00 in his account, being the value of
revenue stamps mailed to him m the ordinary
course of business and never received by him,
on being satisfied that stamps were irrecover-
ably lost without fault on his part.
Mr. McCKAHY. 1 move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The motion was ugreed to, two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof.
W A Hit 15N AND MOORK.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No; 168) for the relief of War-
ren & Moore; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. HOLMAN, I believe this bill pro-
poses to make compensation for property
taken by the Army ill Tennessee. I move that
it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
GEO KG IS 1\ WIGGINS.
The npxt business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 877) for the relief of the
legal representatives of the late George T.
"Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the State of Jowa;
winch was taken up and read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury, out of any money
in the Treasury of the United States not other-
wise appropriated, pay to the legal repre-
sentatives of the late George T. Wiggins, of
Keokuk, in the State of Iowa, the sum of
$2,000, in full for all damages sustained by
him in consequence of the seizure of the Leigh-
ton House, in ICeokuk, Iowa, by the military
authorities of the United States for hospital
purposes in the year 1802.
Mr. McCRAHY. . I move that the bill be
put on its passage.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Has this bill been re-
ported by any committee?
Mr. McCRAHY. I submitted this bill to
the Committee of Claims and to the gentle-
man himself, who ali approved of it.
Tlie rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill passed.
james amd emma s. cameron.
' The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 9S3) to pay James and
Emma1 S. Cameron for property taken and
used by the Army during* the late war; which
w.as taken up and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $10,000 be appropriated out pf any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to pay the same to James and
IimmaS. Cameron for the use and damage by
the Army of the United States during the late
war of their property situated near Chat-
tanooga, Tennessee, now known as Fort Cam-
eron.
Mr. MAYNARD. Ihope that bill will pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there wiJl be some
report of this ineasure explaining its character.
Mr. STRONG. Has it been referred to
any committee?
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word
about it.
Mr. STRONG. I object to debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. The oase is a highly
meritorious one, and I hope the House will
pass it.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
21, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand tellers. I
should be glad to make a statement.
Mr. STRONG. I object to debate.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Maynard and
Mr. Bell were appointed.
The House again divided and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 29.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended, and the
bill was not passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that it be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
DAVID L. WRIGHT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 063) for the relief of David
L. Wright, late cuptam of company E, fifty-first
regiment Indiana, volunteers ; whieh was
taken up and read a first and seeoud time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Paymaster General of the United States Army
be authorized and directed to pay, out of any
money appropriated or hereafter to be appro-
Eriated for the payment of the Army, to David
. Wright, late captain in the fifty-first legi-
ment Indiana volunteers, the pay and emolu-
ments of a enptain of infantry from the 30th
of Juno, 18t>3, the date of bis commission, to
the 14th of March, 18tj5, the date of his dis-
charge as a returned prisoner of war, as if he
had been mustered as captain on the date of
his commission, lirot deducting whatever sum
may have been paid him as lieutenant during
the period for which pay is hereby allowed as
captain.
Mr. HOLMAN. That bill passed the last
Congress on a report from the Committee of
Claims ?
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
david br aden.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was a
bill (S. No. 106) for the relief of David Bra-
den ; which was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
pay to David Braden, late captain and assist-
ant adjutant general of volunteers, for commu-
tation of quarters and fuel, and three months'
extra pay, under act of March 8, 1865, the
sum of $1,058, out of any money m the Treas-
ury appropriated or to be appropriated for the
pay <?1 the Army of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague, [Mr. Co-
bukk,] chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, is not in his seat, aud I trust it will be
allowed to lie on the table.
Mr. WALLS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has been there already.
The bill was laid on the table.
edward n. calwrt.
The next business ou the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1162) for the relief of
Edward N. Calvert.
The bill was read.
Mr. TOWNSliND, of Pennsylvania. Has
tbat bill been before any committee ? As no
gentleman answers, I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
so referred.
state of nevada.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1089) to reimburse the
State of Nevada for expenses incurred while
a Territory in the purchase of a prison, and
in support of the United States courts.
The bill was read.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask that that bill be
allowed to remain on the table for the present.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
lteubkn goodrich.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 990) for the relief of
lieuben Goodrich.
The bill was read.
Mr. WlLLAliD. I move that that bill be
referred to (he Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
so referred.
levi j. powell.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (IS. No. 1172) for the relief of Levi
J. Powell.
The bill was read.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
so referred.
margaret b. franks.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 980) for the relief of
Margaret B. Franks, heir-at-law of Thomas S.
Franks, of Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The bill was read.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
so referred.
william l. titley.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1090) for the relief of
William L. Utley.
The bill was read.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
so referred.
s. k. ward.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1142) for the relief of S.
E. Ward.
The bill was read.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I think that is a bill
which ought to be carefully considered. I
move that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
so referred,
a. w. moss.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1021) for the relief of A.
W. Moss.
The bill was read.
