1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
ary of district judges and judges of the Court
of Claims. 1 wish we could have voted sep-
arately. I wish now the Senator from Geor-
gia would withdraw his amendment and let us
vote separately on the Court of Claims, and
let us vote without discussion. I do appeal to
the Senator from Minnesota not to renew the
motion, but let us see if we cannot vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator insure a
vote without debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can try.
Mr. RAMSEY. But if debate ensues, where
am I then with my motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If debate continues, I
will renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the mo-
tion to adjourn withdrawn?
Mr. RAMSEY. On the assurance of the
Senator from Illinois that we shall have a vote
without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to hear the amend-
ment read before the vote.
rlhe Chief Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Trumbull is to add :
And the annual salaries of the judges of tho Court
of Claims shall be &5,000 from and alter the 1st day
of July, 1872.
It is proposed to amend this amendment by
adding :
And the annual salaries of the judges of the dis-
trict oourts of the United States from and after the
1st ot July, 1872, shall be So,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
from Georgia that he withdraw his amendment
to the amendment, and allow us to take the
vote on the judges of the Court of Claims,
and then renew his amendment as a separate
one. Do not let them be put together; let
each stand on its merits.
Mr. HILL. I have been trying to prevail
on the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to agree to one thing, to waive the
vote by general consent, he being the only
Senator that objected before,, and allow the
proposition to ge to the Senate in the way I
suggested a few minutes ago; that is, that in all
cases where the salaries of the district judges do
not exceed $4,000 now they be increased
$1,000, and where they do exceed $4,000 they
be increased to $5,000, and in no case to
exceed §5,000.
-The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia asks unanimous consent to modify
the amendment, proposed by him as now stated
by him. Is there objection?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not exactly under-
stand it. Is it that where they are not $4,000
now they shall be 34,000?
Mr. HILL. No; that they shall have
$1,000 added; so that where a judge gets
$3,500 now his salary shall be $4,500 here-
al'i er.
Mr. CORBETT. That will make the great
bijdy of tho judges $4,500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to this modification ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to debate
the question or to interrupt for a moment any
arrangement by which we can vote on this bill.
1 wish simply to make one remark. The prop-
osition now is to increase the salaries of these
judges, as well in those cases where we know
they ought not be increased as in those cases,
if there be such, where an increase may be
necessary. By this wholesale legislation the
Senate will so affirm.
Mr. NYE. I am so often told that I repre-
sent a small State that I feel diffident in sug-
gesting anything, and I think my modesty on
that subject lias proved detrimental to my
State. In the State where I live the Governor
receives $6,000 a year, and the judges of the
supreme court of that State—and my friend
from California will bear me witness that they
will compare with any court on the western
coast—receive $7,000 a year in gold. As able
as any of them is the district judge of the Uni-
ted States for that State, Mr. Hillyer, that I
have long known as a faithful and able judge,
a man whose talen.t will stand comparison with
any judge in that State and with any judge of
any State, and he receives the pitiable sum
that district judges of the United States receive.
Now, I want it borne in mind that I am an
economist of the strictest kind, and yet I can-
not see why our friend, Judge Hillyer, should
receive a less salary than the judges of our
own State. He is certainly their equal in every
respect, but not their superior. I therefore
hope that this amendment will prevail, to give
our district judges a salary of $5,000 a year.
A man that cannot earn it is not fit for the
place, and a man that can ought to receive it.
I have no desire to prolong this discussion;
on the contrary, I want to shorten it; but my
friend from California, the chairman of this
committee, will bear me witness that the dis-
trict judge in his State is as able a man as the
circuit judge and as able a man as their State
judges, and yet he does not receive the same
compensation that they do. Why this differ-
ence? I tell you, Mr. President, that the
Senate mistakes one thing, and that is that
the public are willing to pay a fair compensa-
tion for the services their officers render. I
hope this amendment will prevail. My friend
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] admonishes me
that I had better call for the question. He
will not vote for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. You do not
know.
Mr. NYE. Well, if my friend from Ver-
mont agrees with me I will stop any further
remark.
Mr. COLE. I was just going to suggest
that we vote without further discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia asks unanimous consent to mod-
ify the amendment as stated by him. Is there
objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir ; I think it ought
to be the square $5,000 or nothing.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Georgia, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HILL. One remark before the vote is
taken in reply to the Senator from New York,
who complains of this proposition because he
says there should be discrimination-—that in
some of the districts the pay is too great
already, and m others, perhaps, it is too small.
I would ask the Senator if he has ever known
a circuit in a State—I think the State of New
York is divided into judicial circuits—where
there was not a difference in the labors of the '
judges from the character of the circuits? I
will take it that in a circuit embracing the
city of New York, or half the city of New
York itself, the duties and labors would be
gieater than they could possibly be in any
rural district. Will not that be the case in
any State of this Union?
Take a State like Nevada; the Senator from
there, speaking of his State being a small
State, induces me to refer to it; but yet, as he
insists, there are interests in Nevada requiring
a good judge. No matter where the court may
be located, no matter what the extent of the
district, or the business in it, all require good
and competent lawyers——
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would ask the Sen-
ator from Georgia if he will give way to a mo-
tion to adjourn?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir, I will give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 20.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard,Boreman,Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Chandler, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
denton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Ramsey, Rice,
Saulsbury; Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull, and
Vickers—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Frehnghuysen, liar-
Ian, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of "Vermont, Nye,
Pomeroy, Sawyer, Scott, Spcnccr, and Sprague—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair.Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Perry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldtbwaite, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, .Robertson, Schurz, Sherman,
Stewart. Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, West, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—33.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 13,1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the further reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair dislikes very
much to entertain any request to dispense
with the reading of the Journal except on
Tuesday, the business of Monday being dona
wheu there is no very great confusion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion to dispense with the reading of the
Journal.
The reading of the Journal was then con-
cluded.
ENLISTMENT OF MINORS.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 838) to provide that
minors shall not be enlisted in the military or
naval service of the United States without the
consent of parents or guardians, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was'read, provides in the first
section that no person under the age of twenty-
one years shall be enlisted or mustered into the
military or naval service of the United States
without the consent of hisparents or guardians,
provided that such minor shall have such
parents or guardians entitled to his custody
and control. The second .section provides
that in case any officer knowingly violates
the provisions of this act by the enlistment or
muster of a minor, he shall be liable to be
arrested and tried by a court-mariial, and upon
conviction shall be dismissed from the ser-
vice, or suffer such other punishment as such
court may direct.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman fiomlndiana, chairman ofthe Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reporting the bill
back ?
There was no objection.
Mr. COBURN. This bill has received the
unanimous approval ofthe Committee on Mil-
itary Affaiis, and 1 believe it will meet a gen-
eral desire on the part of the House. It has
the approval also ofthe Secretary of War.
I move to strike out the word "naval" in
the title and in the body of the bill, as it was
not intended that it should apply to the Navy,
but that it should be confined to the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The object of
the bill meets with my approval. I desire,
however, to ask the gentleman one or two
questions. One difficulty I have found in re-
gard to the enlistment of minors is that the
recruiting officers of the Government have
drawn up and printed blanks, on which blanks
it is stated, ''I, A B, do swear that I am
twenty-one years of age, or if not twenty-one
years of age I have the consent of my parents."
The boy signs that, and he is theu put in the.
attitude of having sworn to the fact, and that
