1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4333
Mr. STRONG. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
so referred.
ninth census.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 527) to reimburse United
States marshals for moneys necessarily ex-
pended by i hem in taking, the ninth census in
excess of the compensation allowed them under
the law in force before the passage of-this act.
The bill was read. It provides that when
it is made to appear by proof satisfactory to
the Secretary of the Interior that, in taking
the ninth census, the total disbursements ot
any United States district marshal necessarily
made have been in excess of his total receipts
on account of services rendered by him in
taking said census, the Secretary of the In-
terior may allow such marshal such sum, in
addition to what has heretofore been allowed
him, as shall be found necessary to reimburse
the marshal for such excess of necessary ex-
penditure, not exceeding $1,000 in any one
case; and the bill appropriates, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, such sum as may be necessary to carry
out its provisions.
Mr. McGREW. I move that the bill be put
upon its passage.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would ask the gentle-
man from West Virginia whether this bill has
been considered by any committee of the
House?
Mr. McGREW. I do not know that it has.
But I know that there is a necessity for it.
Mr. PETERS. It only gives the Depart-
ment the discretion to repay the man who has
paid out the money.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
perfecting land titles.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 995) to perfect certain
land titles therein described.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to permit the purchase,
with cash or military bounty land warrants, of
such lands as may have been located with
claims arising under the seventh clause of the
second article of the treaty of September 30,
1854, at such' price per acre as the Secretary
of the Interior shall deem equitableand proper,
but not at a less price than $1 25 per acre,
and that owners and holders of such claims in
good faith be also permitted to complete their
entries, and to perfect their titles under such
claims upon compliance with the terms men-
tioned ; provided that it shall be shown to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Interior that
said claims are held by innocent parties in
good faith, and that the locations made under
such claims have been made-in good faith and
by innocent holders of the same.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the bill be
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
harriet w. pond*
The next husiness on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1161, for the relief of Har-
riet W. Pond.
The bill provides for the payment of $1,000
to Harriet VV. Pond, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in con-
sideration of injuries received during the war
of the rebellion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is.there
any report accompanying this bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
of it.
Mr. STRONG. I ftiove that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
army recfbtations.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1138, to authorize the
adoption of a system of general regulations.for
the use of the Army of the United States.
The bill provides that the system of general
regulations for the administration of the affairs
of the Army, authorized by seetion twenty of
an act approved July 15, 1870, to be prepared
by the Secretary Qf War,'shall, when approved
by the President, be adopted for the use of the
Army for one year from the date of its publi-
cation, at the end of which period it shall; be
submitted to Congress for such action as may
then be deemed advisable, provided that noth-
ing in such regulations shall be inconsistent
with the laws of the United States.
Mr. BUCKLEY. As the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Coburn]
is not now in his seat, I would suggest that
this bill bad better be restored to the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. HAY. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Military A&irs.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
steam-boiler explosions.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill Nq. 999, to authorize inquiries
into the causes of steam-boiler explosions.
The bill authorizes the President to cause
such experiments to be made and such inform-
ation to be collected as in his opinion may be
useful and important to guard against the
bursting of steam-boilers, and that he be re-
quested to communicate the same to Congress;
and that the sum of ยง100,000 be appropriated
for the purposes of this act.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that this bill be re-
stored to its place upon the Speaker's table
until the Committee on Commerce can examine
into the matter.
No objection was made; aud it was ordered
accordingly.
frederick boeuroler.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 884, for the relief of the
sureties of Frederick Boehruler, of the State
of Iowa;
Mr. T0WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Has
this bill been considered by any committee of
this House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks 'not.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
move that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
lyman i. iiissgng.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1112, for the relief of
Lyman I. Hissong, of Henry county, Ohio.
The SPEAKER. This is the last bill on
the Speaker's table; all the rest have been
passed or referred, or laid over informally.
The bill provides for paying to Lyman I.
Hissong, of Ohio, the pay of captain from
April 18,18G3, to August 1, 1863. while he ac-
tually served as captain in the ninth regiment
of Louisiana infantry, colored, after he was by
leave mustered out of the sixty-eighth regiment
Ohio volunteers, and before he was tormally
mustered into the said Louisiana regiment.
Mr. STORM. I think this bill should be
referred to the Committee on Military AS'airs.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of Claims was agreed to.
municipal court for the district.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
up the motion to reconsider the vote by which
Senate bill No. 637, to establish a municipal
co-urt of-the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes, was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia. This subject
has been considered by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I desire to have this bill referred
to that committee.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to,
and the bill was then'referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, tnoved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary* j and
also moved that the motion to reconsider ba
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. As we have gone through
with the business On the Speaker's table, and
there is nothing elseof importance or pressing
necessity which we can attend to, I mOMe that
the House now adjourn.
Thje motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at nine o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Susan
Ross, widow of William Ross, for pension.
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of William
J. Daily, for extension of letters-patent for
improved ventilated truss-pads, issued 13th
April, 1858.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of Harry
R. Horr and James C. McCartney, setting
forth their occupancy and improvement of
certain lands included in the tract of land set
apait as a public park near the headwaters
of the Yellowstone river in Montana and
Wyoming Territories, and praying relief.'
By Mr. B. H. ROBERTS: A petition of
soldiers, sailors, and widows and orphans of
soldiers, relative to the homestead act.
IN SENATE,
Friday, June 1, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen*, of Washington,
Distiict of Columbia.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. For the
purpose of going on with morning business?
Mr. WINDOM. For the purpose of calling
ap a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks unanimous consent'tbat
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with
for the purpose of considering a bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
know anything about the bill; but I have no
objection if it is to be subject to the morning
business.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator will
have no objection to-the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Probably
not, but I do not know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
can object as soon as the title of the bill is
read for information..
Mr. WINDOM. It is a bill (S. No. 995) to
perfect certain land titles therein described.
The VICE PRESIDED i\ If there be no
objection the bill will be taken up, subject to
the morning business. The Chair hears no
objection, aud it is so taked.
staff of the army.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as_ the
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate on the bill (S. No. 996) to repeal soi
much of section six of an act rj&king appro--,
priations for the support of the Army for the;
year ending June SO, 1870, und for other pur-'
poses, approved March. 3, 1869, as prohibits";
promotions in the staff departments of the
Army, Mr. Ames, Mr. Logax, and Mr. Blair.
visitors to west jpoist.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
