JL872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84S7
- • Mr. POMBKOY. They do not have to
have any act of Congress to erect a pier.
Mr. CHANDLER. They have to get an
act of Congress for fear that building this pier
or bulkhead might interfere with navigation.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to the
bill 5 I only wonder why it came here, that is
all.
Mr. FENTON. The bill is in accordance
with the request of the common council of
the city of Buffalo, and approved by the War
Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
HAWAIIAN BARIC FLORENCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to proceed now
to the consideration of House bill No. 2098.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2003) to grant
an American register to the Hawaiian bark
Florence. The bill grants authority to the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the American-built Hawaiian
bark Florence, wrecked in the waters of the
United States, purchased and repaired and
now owned by eitizens of San Francisco,
California, if it shall be proved to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the Treasury that
the repairs put upon the vessel were equal to
three fourths of its cost when so repaired.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
YACHT UKD HOT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I nowmcve to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2341.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. '2341) to allow
the pleasure-yacht Red Hot to take the name
of Addie Parker and be registered under that
name.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SHIPPING OF SKAMEN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2044'.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2044) to author-
ize the appointment of shipping commissioners
by the several circuit courts of the United
Slates, to superintend the shipping and dis-
charge of seamen engaged in merchant ships
belonging to the United States, and for the
further protection of seamen.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggest that the
amendments to tlie bill be concurred in, if it
be the pleasure of the Senate, as the bill is
read. It is in charge ot the Senator from
Connecticut,"and if it is agreeable to him, I
suggest that the amendments of the committee
be acted on as we go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
hears no objection, and the amendments will
be acted on as the bill is read.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Commerce with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
to insert at the end of section twelve the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided further, That this sectionshall not apply
to masters of vessel* where theseomen arc by custom
or agreement entitled to participate in the proiits
or result of a cruise or voyage, nor to masters ol
coastwise and lake-going vessels that touch at for-
eign ports; but seamen may, by agreement, serve
on board such vessels <2, definite time, or on the re-
turn of any vessel to a port in the United States may
reship and sail inthe same ve.-sel onanother voyage
without the payment of additional fees to the ^nip
pin? commissioner by either the seamen or the
master.
The amendment was agreed to.
The-next amendment was at the end of
section fourteen, to strike out the following
proviso:
And provided further, That no captain shall re-
ceive on board of his vessel, as a seaman, any person
while m a state of intoxication, under a penalty of
not exceeding SI,000.
And to insert in liou thereof the following:
Provided further, That in case of desertion, or of
casualty resulting in the loss of one or more soa-
man, the master may ship a number equal to the
number of whose services he lias boon deprived by
desertion or casualty, and report the same to the
United States consul at the first port at which he
shall arrive, without incurring such penalty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six of
section twenty-seven, to insert the word
"shall" before the word "sign," so as to
read: u in the presence of the shipping com-
missioner, shall sign a mutual release of all
claims for wages," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of section thirty-five the following proviso:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to the
masters or owners of any vessel whore the seaman
is entitled to share in the profits of tho cruise or
voyage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty,
line six, after the words u Good Hope," to
insert or engaged in the whale or other fish-
eries, or in sealing;" and in line twelve, after
the words a lemon-juice," to strike out the
words "or other such articles aforesaid ;" so
that the section will read :
That every ship belonging to a citizen or citizens
of the United States, as described in section twelvo
of this act, shall be provided with a chest of medi-
cines; and every sailing ship bound on a vovago
across the Atlantic or Pacific ocean, or around Cape
Horn or the Cape of Good Hope, or ongaged in tho
whale or other fisheries, or in sealing, shall also be
provided with and cause to be kept., a suliicient
quantity of lime or lemon-juice, and also sugar
and vinegar, or other antiscorbutics, as Congress
may sanction, to be served out to every seaman as
follows, that is to say, tho master of every such ship,
as last aftrcsaid, shall serve the lime or lemon-juice,
and sugar and vinegar, to tho crow, wilhin t^n days
alter salt provisions mainly have been served out to
the crew, and so long aftorward as such consump-
tionof salt provisions confinucM, the lime or lemon-
juice ami sugar daily at the rate of half an ounce
each per day, and tho vinegar weekly at the rate of
half a pint per week for each member of the crew.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
one, line seven, after the words "lemon-
juice," to strike out the words " or other
articles," and insert "and" before "sugar;"
and after the word "sugar," in line eight, to
strikeout "or" and insert "and;" so that
the section will road :
That if on any such ship as aforesaid such medi-
cines, medical stoics, lime or lemon-juice, or other
articles, sugar and vinegar, as arc hereinbefore
required, are not provided and kept on board, as
hereinbefore required, the master or owner sh.iil
incur a penally not exceeding $500: and if tho
master of any such ship as aforesaid neglects to
t-erve out the lime or lemon-juice, and >ugar and
vinegar, in the case and manner horciubotoro di-
rected he shall for each such offense incur a penalty
not exceeding <100; and if any master is convicted
in either ot the last-mentioned penalties and it
appears that the offense is owing to the act or de-
fault ot the owner, such master mav recover the
amount of such penalty, and tho costs incurred by
him, from the owner.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section^forty-
two, line nine, to strike out "should'^ and
insert "shall" before the word ''also,'1 and
at the end of the section to stake out the
words kk for the forecastle use of seamen" and
insert " and a safe and suitable room in which
a fire can be kept for the use of seamen so
as to read:
That every master shall keep on board proper
weights and mea-ures tor the purpose of .determin-
ing ihe quantities of the several provisions and
articles sei ved out, and shall allow the s<une to be
used at the time of serving out such provisions and
articles, in the presence of a witness, whenever any
dispute arises about such quantities and in detail! t
shall for every such offense, incur a penalty not
exceeding fifty dollars And every vessel bound on
any foreign port shall also be provided with at least
onesuit of woolen clothing for each seaman for use
during the winter months, and every such vessel
shall bo provided with, fuel and a safe and suitable
room in which a fire can be kept for the use of
seamen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish to offer an
amendment to the bill which was proposed in
and adopted by the committee, but by accident
'was omitted in the printing of the bill. It
is on page 10, section thirteen, line twenty-
five, after the word "that" to insert while
"sober and not in a state of intoxication."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have two or three
verbal amendments to offer. On page 1, sec-
tion one, line six, I move to strike out tho
words "commissioners also to strike out the
word " the" and insert "each in line seven
to strike out the words " or ports so as to
read:
That tho several oircuit courts of the United
States, in whioh circuits there is a sea-port orsea-
ports for which there is a collcctor of customs, or in
which there is a port of ontry, shall appoint a com-
missioner for eaoli sea-port within thoir respective
circuits.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. On page 2, section
three, lino two, after tho word "clerk" I
move to insert the words " or clerks."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. On page 3, section
three, line four, after the word "clerk" I
move to insert the words "or clerks."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. In tho sixth line of
the same section before the words " such
clerk" I inovc to insert the word " every,"
and in line nine of the same section I move
to strike out the word "the" and insert tho
word "a" before the word " clerk."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM On page 9, sec-
tion twelve, lino thirty-eight, after the word
"coastwise" I move to strike out the word
"and" and insert " nor to masters of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, thesourcc
from whence tiiia bill comes assures me as
well as every other Senator that the object of
the bill is such as is stated in its title. The
tille of the bill is :
An act to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners bv tho several circuit courts ot tho
United States to superintend tho shipping anil dis-
charge ut'seamen eniiaKcd m merohantsbips belong-
ing to tho United States, and for tho further protec-
tion of seamen.
I do not rise to object to tho hill; I do not
know that 1 shall object- to it; but it is a bill
of fifty pages. I rise pimply lor the purpose
of asking the Senator who lias charge of it if
the bill bus been carefully considered, and if
we may take it for granted, not having an
opportunity out selves of examining it, that
the members of the committee have examined
it sufficiently in all its particulars to state that
it is really lor the benefit of seamen, and can
do no injury tu our merchant marine?
It is fifty pages of a code of laws to govern
the met chant marine. It, is an alteration of
the rules of courts of admiralty. It is an al-
teration of the contracts betwum seaman and
(heir employers. It is certainly prepared with
the intern ion of protecting and benefiting ihe
poor seamen ; but I have not been able my-
self, in a hasty reading of it, to ascertain
whether there may not be matters m it which
have not been carefully considered. I do not
intend to object to the bill, but I dcsiie to ask
a question or two in regard to it. Jn the first
place I should like to ask. if it is not improper
for the committee to tell me, how this bill
originated, what was the object of the hill,
whether it originated from complaints made
by seamen or anything of that character,
which would satisfy myself and other Sena-
tors that this measure came from those who
