2542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. BAYARD. I have not the least objec-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. As the bill is in order, it
ought to be proceeded with.
* Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Delaware to give way for a minute.
Mr. BAYARD. For what purpose?
Mr. CAMERON. For the purpose of mov-
ing to adjourn. [Laughter.]
.Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. But I desire to say a
word first. I think, after the kindly words
spoken between the two sides here, there ought
to be no difficulty about this matter. We can-
not dispose of the subject to-night, and 1 am
not one of those who are disposed to put the
physical abilities of the Senate to the test. We
have passed the regular hour of adjourning,
and I move now to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hope the Senator will
allow the sense of the Senate, to be tested on
the proposition which I have made, which
seems to me in the interest of the public busi-
ness and the interest of fairness in the dispo-
sition of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy.) By unanimous consent, that proposi-
tion can be entertained.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think the Senator ex-
pects too much if he supposes that I am to
allow this biii to lose its place if I can help it.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I propose that it
shall not lose its place ; that it shall come in
next after ihe appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Why should it be next to
anything? It should be first.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think the Senator
stands in the ivay of his own bill.
Mr. SUMNER. As the bill is now before
the Senate, I ask that it shall be proceeded
■with, but. I should like an understanding with
my friends on the other side, that they should
take as much time as they desire and then
allow a vote. Now, can we not agree upon a
vote to morrow at some hour?
Mr. B A YARD. Is this uu illustration of
the honorable Senator's desire that we should
take all the time required? But for his sug-
gestion we should have adjourned fifteen min-
utes ago.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I ask the Senator
whether we cannot have an understanding to
take the vote at some hour to-morrow ? At one
o'clock tiiis will be in order, and the Senator
"will have the floor, othor Senators will follow
him if they see fit, and at an hour agreed upon
let us take the vote. Why not?
Mr. CAMERON. 1 rise to a question of
order.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no desire to dis-
place tin's measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
being proceeded wilh by unanimous consent.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I took the lloor by per-
mission of the Senator from Delaware, who
occupied it by light, and I have been inter-
rupted and prevented from saying what 1 in-
tended. I took it fur granted that no gen-
tleman on that side was going to give any
difficulty about this question or any other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania moves to adjourn, and
he cannot discuss it.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that, and I
would not have said a word if my friend
from Massachusetts and my friend from Rhode
Island had not interfered with me. i had the
floor.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to remind the
Senate that to-morrow is set aside for the
Pacific Railroad Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. This will be in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to: and (at five
o'clock and twelve minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 18, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, I). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
claim of ohio, indiana, andillinois.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, presented from the Committee on the
Judiciary a report on the two per cent, claim
of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agresd to.
intoxicating liquors.
Mr. MAYNARD. I send to the Clerk's
desk a memorial of a quasi official character,
which I ask to have referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed
in the Globe.
There being no objection, the following
memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed in
the Globe:
To the United Slates Senate ,
and House of Representatives : \
The board of manager* of the National Temper-
ance Society and Publication House would respect-
fully beg leave to petition your honorable body to
prohibit by appropriate legislation the manufacture,
importation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors as a
beverage within the United States Territories and
District of Columbia.
WILLIAM E. DODGE,
J'resident.
J. N. STEARNS,
Correspond inu Secretary.
BKAVKR LAKE, INDIANA.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands a substitute for the
bill (S. No. 016) to authorize the survey and
sale of the lands forming the bed of Beaver
la.ke, in the State of Indiana; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
COMMITTED CLERK.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Accounts to report back the
following resolution, with a recommendation
that it be adopted :
Resolved, That tin- Committee on Expenditures
in the Treasury Dopartment be authorized to em-
ploy a clerk during so much of the present session
as Ins services may bo required, 'it, $4 80 per day.
1 here being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
TURKU PER CENT. CERTIFICATES.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 137) suspending the further can-
cellation of the three per cent, certificates
until January 1,1873; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
KIItST NATIONAL HANK OP NEWNAN, GUORlilA.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to report back from the Committee on
Banking and Currency a bill to which I think
there will be no objection, and which we desire
to have acted on at once. It is House bill No.
1812, authorizing the First National Bank of
Newnan to change its location and name.
^The bill provides, in the first section, that the
i irst National Bank of Newnan, now located
in the city of Newnan, aud State of Georgia,
shall be authorized to change its location to
the city of Atlanta, in that State. Whenever
the stockholders representing three fourths of
the capital of said bank, at a meeting called
for that purpose, determine to make such
change, the_ president and cashier are to exe-
cute a certificate, under the corporate seal of
the bank, specifying such determination, and
to cause the same to be recorded in the office
of the Comptroller of the Currency, and there-
upon such change of location is to be effected
and the operations of discount and deposit of
the bank are to be carried on in the city of
Atlanta. The second section provides "that
nothing in the act contained shall be so con
strued as in any manner to release the bank
from any liability or affect any action or p-o-
ceeding in law in which the bank may be a party
or interested. And when such change shall
have been determined upon as aforesaid, no-
tice thereof and of such change is to bp pub-
lished in one daily paper in the couniy of
Fulton for not less than six days, and once in
one weekly paper in the county of Coweta,
Georgia. The third section provides that
whenever the location of the bank shall have
been changed from the city of Newnan to the
city of Atlanta, in accordance with the first
section of this act, its name shall be changed
to the First National Bank of Atlanta, if the
board of directors of the bank shall accept the
new name by resolution of the board, and
cause a copy of such resolution, duly authen-
ticated, to be filed with the Comptroller of the
Currency. The fourth section provides that,
all the debts, demands, liabilities, rights, priv-
ileges, and powers of the First National Bank
of Newnan shall devolve upon and inure to the
First National Bank of Atlanta whenever such
change of name is effected.
There being no objection, thebill was ordered
to be engrossed and read'a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES R. GRANT.
Mr. GRIFFITH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No, 2328) for the
relief of Lieutenant James R. Grant, late of
the^ fourth regiment Pennsylvania cavalry ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
TRANSPORTATION OB GOODS IN BOND.
Mr. SYPHER. I ask unanimous consent
that the House take from ihe Speaker's table
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 1657) to amend section two of the act
of August30,18-32, in relation to the transporta-
tion and exportation of imported goods, wares,
and merchandise in bond through certain ports
in the State of Texas.
There being no objection, the amendment
of the Senate was read, as follows:
In line twelve, strike out the words "and not "
and insert as well as."
The amendment was concurred in.
WATER SUPPLY FOR BUFFALO.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce a
bill (H. 11. No. 1958) to authorize the city of
Buffalo, New York, to construct a tunnel
under Niagara river, and to erect and main-
tain an inlet pier therefrom, for the purpose
ofsuppiying the city of Buffalo with purs water.
1 he bill, which was read, provides that it shall
and may be lawful for the city of Buffalo, in
the State ot New York, to construct and main-
tain a tunnel under Black Rock harbor and
Niagara river, extending not more than seven
hundred feet outside of Bird Island pier, and
to crect and maintain an inlet pier therefrom,
said inlet pier to be located not more than seven
hundred feet outside of said Bird Island pier.
, , ."LAKER. Is there objection to the
bill being received ?
1 here was no objection; and thebill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and -1
