750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Ku Klux are intelligent and scholarly, and
use learned words of Pythagorean meaning;
but the'syndioate is not a political term. It
has no Ku Klux secrecy or disguise. It is
purely mercenary. Some have supposed that
it was a great land animal of the prehistoric
time, when our planet was filled with mon-
sters ; but I think it is the cunning device of
a later epoch, since man came in.
A gay and festive friend writes me to say
that it is one of the genus Giascuticus, whose
adventures are handed down through the tra-
ditions of time, with which western members
are familiar; I am not. A scholar, learned
in philology, says it comes from the original
Chinese, and is pronounced, "Ah-Sinde-cat,"
from a well-known player of cards, called the
"heathen Chinee." [Laughter.] While on
the island of Corsica, I saw the devil-fish
of Victor Hugo—a horrible marine monster,
with most remarkable tentacula, which clasp
the human form in their slimy claws. It has
depopulated whole villages by the sea. It
is called by the natives, in their mixed lan-
guage, "sundy cato[laughter;] but the
real syndicate, I think, is of the land, though
it may cross the sea at times. A revenue re-
former writes me that it is an atiimal peculiar
to Pennsylvania, with a head of iron, eyes of
nickel, legs of copper, and heart of stone. It
consumes every green thing outside of its own
State.
These are the crudities of the vulgar. I
resorted, sir, to my favorite books for the
definition.
A satisfactory account of this remarkable
nondescript, is given by Sir John Mandeville
in his famous Travels in Cathay. "While
fassing many contrees, both by land and sea,
cherehed on the Chinese wall a strange
animal of the lizzard kind. lie was known
in anciente books as a chameleon. When
the sun did shine he took various colors;
sometimes it wore a golden hue, and some-
times had a green back. [Laughter.] I caught
him by means of a Steele mirror, which so
bedazzled his eync that he was easily caught.
I bring him home as a straunge beaste. It is
called bythe natives a sciudicat."
My colleague, [Mr. Biiooks,] who is just
from China, and even visited the Chinese wall,
will verify this remarkable explanation of the
syndicate. [Laughter.]
But, sir, after all my researches into science
and books, I was not entirely satisfied, and
when summoned before the Ways and Means
to put questions to my honorable friend, the
Secretary of the Treasury, I find the report
records this colloquy:
"Mr. Cox. What do you mean by tho syndioato?
" Mr. lioimvKl.l.. [ moan Jay Cooko & Co., and
others connected with thorn m this country and in
Europe. I do not know who they are."
A writer in the Atlantic Monthly, in eluci-
dation of this blackness of darkness, says that
a syndicate is the European equivalent of what
is called a ring in America. Eureka 1 It is the
magic ring on which the genii wait, like that
recorded in the oriental fable.
Now, I submit, Mr. Speaker, did you ever
hear of an officer making bargains involving
hundreds of millions with unknown parties—
with rings? Some are in this country and some
in Europe. Who are the mysterious Euro-
peans? Is it the occupant of Chisd-harstl
Seriously, sir, whoever they are, and what-
ever they do, the Secretary is responsible, and
this Congress is responsible for their acts;
for this ring or syndicate are irresponsible
agents, forbidden by law and paid in defiance
of its provisions. They have no business,
under our law, about the Treasury. As a
Representative of the people, 1 presume them
to be interlopers. Sir, in this time of execu-
tive usurpation—when even the supreme judi-
cial ttibunal is reorganized and appointed t,o
reverse a decision in the interests of greedy
speculators and cormorants—it is high time
that the law-makers of the land did their duty ;
here by fearless criticism and just legislation.
I have done mine.
I propose, in conclusion, an amendment
to the resolution reported by the Ways and
Means:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Moans
be instructed to report the bill before them prohibit-
ing all commissions, deductions, or compensation of
any kind to any person for the sale, negotiation,
and exchange of United States securities, and pro-
hibiting the employment of any agentexcepta proper
officer of the Treasury Department for such sale,
negotiation, and exchange.
During the delivery of the above speech the
following colloquy occurred:
Mr. KELLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York a question.
Mr. COX. I beg the gentleman's pardon,
but I decline to yield.
Mr. KELLEY. What country in the
world 
Mr. COX. I know the gentleman will try to
force in his question, although I decline to
yield the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. In what country in the
world can they get a four per cent, loan at this
day?
Mr. COX. The gentleman has not the court-
esy to refrain from asking his question, when
I have declined to yield the floor for any ques-
tion so that the continuity of my remarks mny
not be broken.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say-
Mr. COX. The honored and heavy father
of the House ought to keep his children in
order.
Mr. DAWES. That is precisely what I
desire to do, to preserve the order of the
House.
Mr. COX. My friend from Massachusetts
is the very one to chastise his children on the
other side.
Mr. KELLEY. I merely wish to ask a
question.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, have I the floor
or not? If I have, I decline to yield to any
interruption. When I declined to yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania he was discourt-
eous enough to insist on holding the floor and
getting out his question, which I did not hear,
however.
Mr. KELLEY. I was following the evil
example set by my fiiend from New York.
Mr. COX. But I have never persisted in
interrupting a member holding the floor when
he declined to yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. My sole purpose was to pre-
vent this controversy.
Mr. COX. He is a sly old gentleman on the
other side.
Mr. RANDALL. No hypocrisy or cant.
Mr. DAWES. No remarks of mine justify
any such impertinence as that of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. If he cannot appre-
ciate proper and parliamentary remarks, it is
not my fault.
Mr. RANDALL. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I do appreciate the gentleman at bis
full value. I thought his remarks justified the
remarks I made in that they were not sincere,
but were made rather to aggravate the disturb-
ance instead of promoting peace between the
two.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know of anything
I have said that will justify that statement.
Mr. RANDALL. I have described it sim-
ply in what I conceived to be terse and proper
language.
Mr. DAWES. I have no words with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. And I wish none.
Mr. DxlWES. He is the keeper of his own
character, as I am of mine. I am entirely
satisfied if he is. If he cannot appreciate a
proper remark of mine without resorting to
the use of unparliamentary language I cannot
help it. I have no words with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. It is not my wish either
to have words with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, except to put him in his true
attitude.
Mr. COX. I do not yield to this at all, and
I am really sorry for what has occurred.
At the conclusion of the remarks of Mr.
Cox,
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS took the floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will my col-
league give way to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. It seems to me we
had better go on this evening for fifteen or
twenty minutes longer.
Mr. DAWES. I will call the previous
question at the conclusion of the gentleman's
remarks.
Mr. WOOD. And then adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, and then adjourn.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Mr. Speaker, the
resolution to which this report is a response
was introduced on the first day of the session.
There was no delay in theattack upon the Treas-
ury. On the day subsequent the gentleman
fromNew York, [Mr. Cox,] mycolleague, took
occasion to say:
"It is a part of our duty in the Opposition here,
especially when the majority on the other side is so
great and so triumphant, to challenge everything
that comes from the Administration that does not
look right prima facie. This is one of the transac-
tions which the country demands should be riddled
from one end to tho other."
I do not question the right of my colleague
to "challenge anything that comes from the
Administration;" but the justice of his chal-
lenge is to be decided in the presence of the
fact, that when those remarks were made there
was upon the desks of the members of this
House the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury stating the precise terms and conditions
of this loan. That statement is full and frank
and open ; so is the uniform policy of the
Treasury. Let the country always know what
the Treasury is doing, and it will have the best
possible assurance of honesty and fidelity.
That statement is so clear and precise that
the committee adopt it as presenting the exact
facts in satisfactory words:
" On tlie 28th of February last, public notice was
given that on the 6th of the following March books
would be oponed in this country and in Europe for
subscriptions to the national loan, under tlie aet
approved July 14, 1870, and tho conditions on which
tho subscriptions would be received were alsomad©
known. All tho national ba.nks, and a large number
of bankers both in this country and in Europe, were
authorized to receive subscriptions. The first prefer-
ence was given to subscribers to tho five per cent,
bonds, within the limit df $200,000,000. On the 1st
ofAugust the subscriptions amounted to 865,775,550,
chiefly by the national banks.
" Under date of July 14,1871, a dispatch was re-
ceived from Hon. William A. Richardson, Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, then in London, stating
thatccrtain bankers in Europe proposed to take the
remainder of the $200,000,000 of five per cents upon
certain conditions. This proposition was considered
and modified, and early in Augustan agreement was
made with Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co., representing
bankers in Europe and in the United States. By the
terms of the agreement the parties represented by
Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co. had the right to subscribe
for the remainder of the $200,000,000 of said bonds,
by giving'notice thereof at any time previous to the
1st of April next, and by subscribing for £10.000,000
at once, and for an average of at least five million
dollars of bonds per month during the intervening
timo, subject to the right of the national banks to
subscribe for $50,000,000 within sixty days from the
25th day of August.
" It was also agreed that the subscriptions should
all bo made through national banks, and certificates
of deposit therefor issued by said banks to tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury, bonds to be lodged with the
Treasurerof the United States for the amount of
the deposit. By printed ciicular issued on the
10th of August, 1871, it was announced that national
banks making or obtaining subscriptions, payable
in coin, would be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury as depositories of public money, on the
usual condition of placing in the hands of the Treas-
urer of theUnited States bonds of theUnited States
for the security of such deposits; and that, at the
commencement of each month, notice would be
given of the redemption of an amount of bonds
equal to the amount of subscriptions in coin for the
preceding month, interest to cease in ninety days
trom the date of such notice.
"It was also stated in the circular that as the
bonds called should mature the deposits would be
drawn from the several banks proportionately.
" It was further agreed that the subscribers to the
loan should receive as commissions whatever might
remain of the half of one per cent, allowed by law
upon the $200,000,000, after paying the cost of paper
