1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
is treated as prima facie evidence. If a boy
is ready to enlist he usually signs whatever
paper is offered him without regard to the
statements it contains. In a number of in-
stances with which I have had to do in getting
minors discharged from the service, 1 have
been confronted with the fact that the boy had,
by taking that oath, committed perjury. It oc-
curs to me there ought to be some provision
of law that no such thing as that should be
put into the enlistment papers without being
read orally, so that the boy shall perfectly
understand what it is he signs and what it is
he swears to.
Mr. COBURN. I will say, in reference to
that, that we have imposed a penalty upon any
officer who allows anything of that kind to be
done. This will put him on his guard. Here-
tofore no penalty of this kind has been imposed.
If a man runs the risk of dismissal from the
service by mustering in a minor he will be a
little careful how he administers an oath to
him; and he will inform the minor precisely
what statement he makes and what oath he
takes if this penalty be imposed upon the offi-
cer. I appreciate the point made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio. The committee havo
thought of the same thing, and we think this
bill answers the pui-pose.
Mr. WOOD. In the city of New York
this has become a great abuse. Officers take
minors and induce them to become intoxicated
for the purpose of securing their enlistment.
I am glad this bill has been reported so that
this abuse may, to some extent at least, be
corrected.
Mr. Comma's amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
davenport and st. paul railroad.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, with
amendments, the bill (II. R. No. 1072) grant-
ing to the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad
Company the right, of way.
The bill was read. The fi'rst section pro-
vides that the Davenport and St. Paul Iiail-
ro'ad Company, a corporation existing under
the laws of the State of Iowa, be, and is hereby,
authorized, upon the payment of one third of
the cost of the superstructure of the bridge
over the main channel of the Mississippi river
at Rock Island, to pass the cars of the said
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
over said bridge, with the same rights and
privileges that are or may be exercised or
enjoyed by any other railroad company. The
second section provides that upon the pay-
ment to the Secretary of War of the money
referred to in the first, section of the act said
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
shall be authorized to construct and maintain
its own track and bridge from the east end
of the bridge first above mentioned to the city
of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, pro-
vided, however, that the same shall be done
without any expense to the Government of the
United States, and under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
After the words " llock Island,'' in tho seventh
line of section one. add the words " and shull also be
liable for and pay one third of tile cost of keeping
the same in repair."
After the word " privileged," in line nine, section
one, insert the words "and subject to the same
restrictions."
In the first line jof section two, strikeout the words
"to the Secretary of War," and insert the words
"into the Treasury of the United States."
Add, at the end of the bill, as an additional sec-
tion, the following:
In case any railroad companies authorized by
law to cross said Government bridge cannot agree
upon a time-table, to control the running of their
respective trains thereon, the Secretary of War shall
determine the question of difference and fix the
time for trains: Provided, That the point where said
bridge shall strike the Illinois shore shall be not
more than two hundred feet from the present wagon-
bridge: And provided ab:o, Xha.t I. he said track and
bridge shall be completed within two years from the
passage of this act.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will state that this bill
has received the careful consideration of the
Committee on Commerce, that it has been
unanimously approved by that committee,
and that it has also the approval of the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I presume there
is no objection to the bill.
The amendments reported by the commit-
tee were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
itkmovar, of SUtTS in state courts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report back from the
Committee on the Judiciary, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 906) for the removal of certain causes to
the United States courts.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever a suit has been or is brought in any State
court by a citizen of the United States non-
resident of that State, or by any alien against
another citizen also non-resident of that State,
wherein jurisdiction is obtained by the State
court by personal service of process only, such
suit at any time may be removed to the circuit
court of the United States in tho same man-
ner as now provided by law in a case of suit
brought by a citizen of the State wherein the
State court is situated against a citizen of the
United States non-resident in that State.
Mr. KERR. I object. I desire, however,
to explain that I do not object to the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
bring it np for consideration now. That is all.
Mr. KERR. 1 merely object to the bill being
put on its passage without consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent to report
the bill for consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the object to consider
it now?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sif,
to consider it. now, for the reasons which I
desire to state.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the gentleman,
before pressing it, will allow other business to
be disposed of by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
bill being reported for consideration now?
Mr. POTTER. I object, for the reason that
my colleague, [Mr. Goodrich,] a member of
the committee, who is not in his place, desires
to be heard on the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Goodrich,] I
understand, is just coming into the House and
will have a chance to be heard.
Mr. POTTER. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to state the action of the bill, and there will
then, I trust, be no objection to its passage.
It is well known now that, by the laws of the
United States, when a non-resident goes into
a State any citizen of that State may bring suit
against him, and that non-resident has a right
to take the suit to the court of the United
States. But when a non-resident of a State fol-
lows another non-resident into a State, when
they are both non-resideuts of that State, and
sues him there, the defendant cannot take the
suit into the United States court; so that there
is a means of oppression afforded by follow-
ing a man on the cars, and suing him out of
his own State. I give you two familiar ex-
amples to show the reason why this bill is
brought in. There is a man not a resident of
New York who has sued the Secretary of the
Treasury for $2,000,000 upon the ground that
he gave him the information by which his pres-
ent financial policy was inaugurated, and he
avers that it is worth that amount. I may say
if he ever summons me as a witness I do not
believe the policy is worth that, but he fol-
lowed the Secretary to New York and sued
him there, claiming $2,000,000. The conse-
quence of this is that he has the Secretary in
the State courts of New York, and he must
defend himself there. Of course the United
States will pay anything that is called for.
Again, when Mr. Rollins and Mr. Binckley
had a quarrel in the administration of the
internal revenue, Mr. Binckley followed Mr.
Rollins into Maryland, neither of them living
there, and sued him. Mr. Rollins was for-
tunate enough to be able to show to the court
that he was an officer of the United States,
and that what he did was done in the course
of official duty, and so he got into the United
States courts and was there released.
Now, this bill is for the purpose of giving,
where both parties are non-residents of the
State, the same right to the defendant which
the plaintiff has where he sues a resident of
the State, or as the defendant has whereares-
ident of the State is sued by a non-resident.
This matter was very fully considered in the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to ask him a question before he goes
further.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. I am curious to know exactly
where the gentleman finds the constitutional
power to enact this bill. Where is the language
in the Constitution which authorizes Congress
to pass such a bill as this?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
there can be no doubt about the constitutional
power. If I look for precedents, there are a
dozen such bills, one of which I can mention
to my friend from Indiana ; one that he will
not aoubl as a precedent, a bill embracing the
same principle exactly, known as the "force
bill," passed in 1832, and approved by Andrew
Jackson, authorizing the officers of the United
States to remove suits from the State eoutts
of South Carolina; and it is the same power
that is now given in case one parly is a non-
resident of a State. In case one party is a
non-resident of the Slate, then the suit may
be removed to the United States courts, and
although this bill was very fully considered in
the Committee on the Judiciary, and some able
lawyers objected to it, yet no one raised any
doubt on the constitutional question.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I am the more
surprised at what the honorable gentleman
has just said in reference to the conduct of his
very learned committee, and I must be per-
mitted to doubt that that committee can ever
be brought unanimously to approve a bill like
this.
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts in
answer to my question as to the basis of
his authority for the enactment of this bill
has furnished me no authority, and has de-
clined to point to the language of the Consti-
tution which authorizes the enactment of such
a law. I think 1 may safely say that it is im-
possible for him,'learned in the laws of the
country as he is, or for any other gentleman,
to find in the Constitution any authority for
the enactment of this law. The case to which
he refers is in no way in point, and rests upon
an entirely different principle, as I can very
readily show to the House. In order that, the
House may understand the scope and bearing
of this bill, I ask the Clerk to read the section
of the Constitution which I send to the desk.
