1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3489
-no objection, the vote ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading will also be re-
considered. The bill is now before the Senate
and open to amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the bill be read as
the committee propose to amend it.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill so as to make it read:
That the Cincinnati, Rockport, and Southwestern
Railroad Company, the Chicago and Illinois Rail-
road Company, and the St. Louis and Southeastern
Railway Company, or any one or more of them,
and such other corporation-or corporations, if any,
as may hereafter associate for that purpose with
said railroad corporations, or any one or more of
them, be, and are hereby, authorized to construct a
railroad bridge across the Ohio river, from some
point on the Indiana shore, within the city of Mount
Vernon, in the State of Indiana, or within two
miles of the corporate limits of said city, to the
opposite side of said river, within the State of Ken-
tucky: Provided, That said bridge shall have at
least one span of a height of not less than one
hundred feet above low water, and of not less than
forty feet above highest water, measured to the
bottom chord of the bridge; that this high span shall
give a clear opening of at least four hundred feet
between the piers, measured at right angles to the
current at every stago, and that it shall be placed
over the main channel of the river used by boats
during ordinary stages of water: Provided, further,
That in case this high span is not oyer the low-
water channel, suitable arrangements be made else-
where to permit the passage of single boats under
the bridge at low water; that said bridge shall have,
in addition to the high spaa prescribed above, a
pivot draw, giving two clear openings of one hun-
dred and sixty feet each, measured at right angles
to the current at the average stage of water m the
river, and located in a part of the bridge that can
be safely and conveniently reached at that stage;
and that said draw shall be opened promptly, upon
reasonable signal, tor the passage ot boats whose
construction shall not be such as to admit ot their
passage under the permanent spans ot said bridge,
except when trains are passing over the same ; but
in no case shall unnecessary delay occur in opening
the said draw before or after the passage of trains.
Sec. 2. That the piers of the high span and the
piers of the draw shall be built parallel with the
current at that stnge of the river which is most im-
portant for navigation ; and that no ripraps or °t"er
outside protection for imperfect foundations will be
permitted in the channel-way of the high span, or ot
the draw openings. That the said companies or cor-
porations shall submit to the feecretary of war, for
his examination, adesign and drawings of the bridge
and piers, and a map of the location, giving, lor the
space of at least one mile above and one mile below
the proposed location, the topography ot the banks ot
the river, the shore-lines at high and low water, the
direction of the current at all stages, and the sound-
ings accurately showing the bed of the stream, and
shall furnish such other information as may be re-
quired for a full and satisfactory understanding ot
the subject by the Secretary of War; and if the
Secretary of War is satisfied that the proviMons ot
the law have been complied with in regard to loca-
tion. the building ot the piers may be at once com-
menced; but if it shall appear that the conditions
prescribed by this act cannot be complied with at
the location where it is desired to construct the
bridge, the Secretary of War shall detail a board,
composed of three experienced ofticeis ot the corps
of engineeis, to examine the ease, and may, on ttieir
recommendation, authorize such modifications in
the requirements of this act as wiil permit the con-
struction of the bridge, not, however, diminishing
the width of the spans contemplated by tins act:
Provided, Thatthe free navigation oi the river be
not materially injured thereby.
Skc 4 That nil parties owning, occupying or oper-
ating the said bridge shall maintain, at their own
expense, from sunset to sunrise throughout th e year,
such lights on fheii bridges as may berequired by i he
Light-House Board for the seennty ot navigation;
and all persons owning, occupying, or operating the
said bridges shall, in any event, maintain all lights
on the said bridges that may be necessary lor the
security of navigation. . .
Skc. 5. That any bridge constructed under this act,
and according to its limitations, shall be a lawful
structure,  nd -hall bo recognized and known as a
po&troute.upon which, also, no highcrchargesh.il! be
made for tile transmission over thesame of the mail.,
the troops, and the munitions of war of the United
States, than the rato per miiepnid for the transport-
ation over the railroad* or public highway-; lcadnik
to said bridge, and the United beaten shall have the
right of way for postal telegraphic purposes across
said bridge; and in case ol any litigation arising
from obstruction or alleged obstruction to the navi-
gation of said river created by the construction otsaitt
bridge, the cause or question arising may bo triett
before the district court ot the United btates in oi
opposite to which any portion of said obstruction
or bridge touches; and that all railway companies
desiring to use the said bridges, or any ot them, shall
liave and be entitled to equal rights and privileges
in the passage of the same, and in the "le
machinery and fixtures theieot, and of all the ap-
proaches thereto, under and upon such terms and
conditions as shall be prescribed by the becretary of
War, upon hearing the allegations and proofs ot the
parties, in case they shall not agree. .
fiec. fi. That the right to alter or amend this act
so as to prevent or remove all material obstructions
to the navigation of said river by the construction
of said bridge, is hereby expressly reserved without
any liability of the Government for damages on
account of the alteration or amendment of this aot;
and the said bridge shall bo built under, and subject
to, such regulations for the seourity of the naviga-
tion of said rivor as tho Secretary of War shall pre-
scribe ; and if any change bo made in the plan of
construction of said bridge during the progress of
the work thereon, or before tho completion thereof,
such change shall be subject to the approval of tho
Secretary of War; and the said bridge shall be, at
ail times, so kept and managed as to offer reason-
able and proper means for the pa.ssagc of vessels
through and under it: and the said bndgo shall be
changed or altered in construction or location at tho
cost and expense of the owners thereof, fromtimo to
time, as Congress may direct, so as to preserve the
free and convenient navigation of said rivor; and
the authority to erect and continue said bridge shall
besubjcctto revocation or modification by law when-
ever the public good shall, in tho judgoment of Con-
gress, so require.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have that
provision read again about the change and
alterations from time to time at the expense
of the bridge-owners, to see how it is.
The Chief Cleric read section six.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is the usual
provision. What 1 notice in the bill is that it
provides that every bridge which shall be built
by virtue of this law shall be a high bridge at
least forty feet above high-water mark and one
hundred feet above low-water mark. Tlieu it
provides that every bridge shall have a draw
in it. You do not want any draw in a high
bridge. You do not want to build it so high
that your steamboats can run under it and
then oblige them to put a draw in it. You
want a draw in a low bridge; but you make
this bill so that you have a high bridge one
hundred feet above low water and then pro-
vide that the bridge company shall build a
draw.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand that this
bill applies to one bridge alone. It is not a
general law.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it applies to but
one bridge ; but it provides that this bridge
shall be a high bridge and not a low bridge,
and yet it provides lor a draw. Yon do not
want a draw in a high bridge. You build it
high to avoid a draw. You do not build a
bridge one hundred feet high and then put,
a draw in it, because it is one hundred feet
high to avoid the necessity of a draw. A low
bridge, not to obstruct navigation, must have
a draw to let anything through ; but, this pro-
vides for both a high bridge and a draw. I
never saw one before.
Mr. CHANDLER It has been in every
bill that has been passed.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no.
Mr. CALDWELL. 1 wish to suggest to my
colleague that the bill only provides that the
bridge shall be forty feet above high-water
maik. It is too low for some boats to go under
wilhout: a draw.
Mr. POMEROY. There are a great many
steamboats with pipes not over forty feet high.
Mr. CALDWELL. But there are a great
many with pipes sixty feet high.
Mr. SCOT I'. They will need a draw m time
of high water.
Mr. POMEROY. Then there is no use of
putting it up one hundicd feet.
Mr. PllAl'T. 1 will say to my friend from
Kansas that the companies interested in this
bridge are satisfied with these conditions.
Mr. POMEROY. If they are satisfied,
they may have it. I would not have it it I
had anything to do with it.
The "bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
steamboat law.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
' bill No. 2116.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
cons ider the bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for the bet-
ter security of life on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for
other purposes," approved February 28, 1871.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will suggest that if
there be no objection, the amendments of the
Committee on Commerce be concurred in as
they are reached in the reading of the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is one amend-
ment that 1 hope will not be concurred in.
Mr. CHANDLER. When we arrive at that
amendment, the Senator can reserve it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan proposes simply that, as the
bill is read, the amendments be acted on as
they are reached in the reading.
Mr. NORWOOD. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator if he kaa not got a shorter
bill than that to take up? That bill is about
ninety pages. It will take two or three hours
to read it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we shall be able
to get through with the bill. It will not take
more than an hour. We can get through with
it in an honr. It is very important the bill
should pass now.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. IIow long
does the Senator say ?
Mr. CHANDLER. An hour I think will do.
Mr. NORWOOD. Why, itisa bill of ninety
pages. It cannot be read in less than two
hours.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to stay
here until it'is read. It is a very important
bill. There is almost a revolution in some of
our western cities bccause their steamboats
cannot sail, although they are loaded at the
dock and ready to sail, but await the passage
of this or some other bill on the subject.
Mr. SAWYER. I would like to remind the
Senator from Georgia that the bill has got to
be read some time, and I do not know any
better time to read it than now.
Mr. CHANDLER. No better time than
now. I hope there will be no objection to
going 011 with the bill.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce if
he has any other bill besides this in his budget?
Mr. CHANDLER. If we can pass this, it
will answer for to-night.
Mr. COLE. If tho Senator has in his budget
any bill relating to commerce generally, and
for the benefit ami promotion of commerce, I
think he ought to bring it forward, and I really
hope he will do so. This is the second even-
ing spent on bills from the Coinmittoeon Com-
merce, and 1 have not yet discovered any bill
for the promotion of commerce. All we have
had thus far relate to mere delails of no very
great national importance.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the very kind
of bill I am after now. This bill is for the
promotion ot' commerce. The bill I now want
to take up and pass is for the promotion of
commerce.
Mr. COLE. In the judgment of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce it may
be of that character, but it is not according
to my recoiled ion of it. I have not examined
it very closely, but 1 have looked atit, and ido
not see in it much by which the commerce of
the couutiy will be benefited.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill involves the lives
of thousands and thousands of people who
travel and uncounted millions ot commerce
that floats upon tho waters in these boats. It
it be not a bill in which commerce is interested
I should be glad if any Senator would tell me
what that hill is. It is true it is not a bill to
onginate commerce, but it is precisely that
which has an intimate and direct connection
with it, and the exigencies of the times demand
that Congress shall do something. I am will-
ing to stay here unt.il midnight to act upon
this bill. .
Mr. COLE. The provisions of this bill are,
part of them at least, embodied in the law*
at present in regard to steamboats. I again
