1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647
The Clerk read as follows:
"The judicial power shall extend to all eases, in
law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or
which shall be made, under their .authority; to all
cases affecting embassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls; to all cases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction; to controversies to which the United
States shall be a party; to controversies between two
or more State?; between a State and citizens of an-
other State; between citizens of different States;
between citizens of the same State claiming lands
under grants of different States, and between a State,
or the citizens thereof, and foreign States, citizens
or subjects.*'
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes;
" between citizens of different States."
Mr. KERR. Let me go on a little further. I
hope gentlemen will now have the kindness
to give me their attention for just a few min-
utes. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has referred to the ''force bill" as
a precedent in point to authorize the enact-
ment of the bill now before the House. The
force bill was designed to give the Federal
courts jurisdiction over all controversies relat-
ing to the enfoicemeut of Inderal laws through
the agency of Federal officers, and to protect
such officers against litigious prosecutions for
acts done or liabilities incurred by them under
color of such laws. About that jurisdiction
there is no question ; it is clearly settled ; the
judicial power of the United States clearly
expresses it. The language of the Constitution
which I have had read at the Clerk's desk
relates directly to controversies of that kind,
and clearly puts them within the range of the
judicial power of the United States.
So it is with the laws of the United States
designed to protect internal or customs reve-
nue officers of any kind in any of their rela-
tions to the laws of the country. So it is in
reference to the laws of the United States
which are brought in question in the courts of
the States of the Union where the contro-
versy involves the construction or enforce-
ment of a law of the United States, and where
the controversy arises out of any question of
construction of Federal laws or the acts of
Federal officers under color of such laws. In
all these cases your jurisdiction may be con-
ceded to be clear. But this bill comes within
the range of none of that class of cases, but is
entirely original. I say that for the enact-
ment of this bill there is absolutely no prece-
dent in the history of this country 5 not one.
Now, let us see. This section recites to what
subject-matters the judicial powers of the
United States slfall relate, and along in the
section, after we pass the middle of the sec-
tion, it says "between citizens of different
States that is—
"The judicial power shall extend to all cases in
law and equity arising tinder this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or
whichshatl be made under their authority," * *
* * "and between citizens of different States."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ob, no.
Mr. KERR. ' The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] says "Oh, no." Let
us see. If these preceding words, the con-
text, do not apply to the words following,
"between citizens of different States," what
does apply to or qualify those following
words?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Nothing.
Mr. KERR. How are we to get at their
true intent and meaning except by taking
them in connection with the context in thia
section? If we exclude the context, then
these words make no grant of jurisdiction at
all. There is 110 other process of definition ;
and it is one of the first canons of constitu-
tional construction that you shall take into
consideration what goes before and what
comes after language of this kind. Now,
what is the meaning of the expression "be-
tween citizens of different States?" When
is it that the Federal courts can take juris-
diction between citizens of different States ?
Why, sir, it is manifestly when one ot those
citizens, the plaintiff, by his own voluntary
act, elects to go into a Federal court in order
to assert his right against the citizen of
another State. But against whom must he
go into the Federal court in such a case?
He must in such a case go into a Federal
court in a State in which the party defendant
resides. A, living in New York, may go to
Indiana and there sue B in a Federal court.
But if A and B both reside in New York
neither can sue the other in any Federal
court in Jadiana. But if either finds the
other at any time within the limits of Indiana
he may sue him in the State courts and get
actual service of process on him. Then the
jurisdiction of the State court attaches, and
it cannot be lawfully divested. Such is the
decision of the Supreme Court in Peck vs.
Jenness, 7 Howard, page 625.
He cannot go into a Federal court in Indiana
to sue a defendant who is a resident of Massa-
chusetts. He cannot go into California and
institute his civil action in a court of the Uni-
ted States against a citizen of New York.
But if he be a citizen of another State, he may
elect to go to California and institute a suit to
assert his civil remedy in the court of the State
of California; he may assert it in a Federal
court whose jurisdiction is confined to the
State of California. That is what the language
of the Constitution means. But when he has
exercised his right of choice in the selection
of his tribunal, there is an end of it. Then the
State tribunal of California acquires its juris-
diction ; the right attaches in the tribunal of
California.
I say it is not possible under the Constitu-
tion of the United States to deprive the tribu-
nals of that State of that jurisdiction which
has thus attached by the voluntary action of
the plaintiff in that civil controversy, and that
is what this language means ; and that is what
it has been repeatedly held to mean by the
Supreme Court of the United States and by
the State courts of the country, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is as familiar as
any man in this House with the well-settled
rule of law which says that where a court by
the voluntary action of the parties acquires
jurisdiction over a civil controversy, unless it
comes within one of these excepted cases, that
jurisdiction in its very nature becomes in-
stantly exclusive in that tribunal and cannot
be divested or removed, and that is a rijle that
applies to this class of cases.
This bill as it now reads does not limit its
application to any class of actions. It does
not say that this right of removal shall exist
only in cases or controversies where the de-
fendant is or was a Federal officer, and did
what he did under color of official authority.
It does not say that this bill shall only apply
to controversies against such officers and where
the cause of action is directly connected with
such man's official conduct. Yet all laws of this
kind designed to give such right of' removal
heretofore passed have been limited, carefully
and specifically limited, in this way and to such
cases as I have indicated.
Mr. Speaker, what is the theory of the Con-
stitution in this connection? It is this: that
the State tribunals, by reason of some cause,
may be partial where the defendant is a citizen
of the State and the plaintiff is not. Hence
the Constitution reserves a right of removal.
But if both parties are citizens of the State, or
both parties are non-residents, then it is prop-
erly assumed that the State tribunals will be
entirely impartial between the parties, so that
no cause of removal would exist in the facts or
circumstances of the parties.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will take
the very case that my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] puts. A plaintiffgoes to California and
sue3 a citizen of California in the State courts
of California. The election, as he says, has
been made, the jurisdiction has attached, and
then by a law as old as the Government the
defendent can take that case into a United
States court. The defendant in such a case
has always had that right. All that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary intend to accomplish
by this bill is to give to a man who happens
to be in California, for instance, and who is
sued there, the same right that a citizen of
California would have to go into the courts of
the United States.
Now, then, what is the constitutional pro-
vision on this subject? I want to repeat that
while there was some objection to the bill in
the Committee on the Judiciary no man
thought of starting a constitutional objection.
I have considered this constitutional question
as well settled as my constitutional right to
my breakfast. • .
Mr. KERR. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will pardon me, I would like, be-
fore he proceeds, to occupy a moment in
making myself more clearly understood.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether he cannot
bring this debate to a close pretty soon ? No-
body expected that this bill was to oceupy
more than a few minutes at the farthest;
but it looks now as though this discussion
might go on and block all other business for
the whole day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no ;
I will bring the discussion to a close very
soon.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I would like to be
heard for a few moments 011 this question.
Mr. KERR. I want to say, in further ex-
planation of my position, (which I supposed I
had made clear in my former remarks,) that
this bill is limited to a very peculiar class of
cases in which both parties are non-residents
of the State in which the action is brought.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Citizens
of different States.
Mr. KERR. The cases provided for by the
bill are cases in which both parties are-non-
residents of the State in which the action is
brought; and I believe it is agreed that under
existing laws an action in such a case cannot
be brought in a Federal court. Is not that
true?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. I say, therefore, that this class
of cases in which the parties themselves have
olected to go into a State tribunal, the sub-
ject-matter being within the jurisdiction of
the State tribunal, are cases in which, under
the Constitution, there is no power to divest
that State jurisdiction byany means within my
knowledge. But if the bill now pending were
limited to removal of actions against officers
of the United States in which the cause of
aciion arose out of something done under
color of authority, then it might be unobjec-
tionable.
I wish to suggest further that such cases
ought not to be transferred from the State
tribunals to the United States courts, because
this provision will cover all classes of cases,
important and unimportant, great and small—
little actions, if you please, for assault and
battery, or for damages in a civil action, or
a suit on a note for $100, or any other case in
which the parties may find each other in States
of which they are non-residents, and may elect
there to sue. To authorize the removal of
all cases of this class to the Federal courts
is still further to sweep away the rightful
jurisdiction of the State tribunals, and to fill
up the dockets of the Federal courts with
petty business with which they have nothing
to do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
glad the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
has substantially abandoned the constitutional
argument, because, if in controversies between
citizens of different States, the defendant can
take the case from the State court to a Federal
court, when there is no constitutional ques-
tion involved, the defendant ought to be al-
lowed to go into the United States court when
he is sued in a foreign State by a citizen of
another State.
Now, I desire to state the difficulty which
