1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons...2d Sess.
of the United Statesofany State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches:
jProvided, That said bridge shall not be so
located or constructed as to interfere in any
manner with the approaches to the railroad
bridge now erected at Clinton, or with the
piers of the same, or so as to obstruct in any
manner the passage of said bridge by boats,
vessels, or rafts, or to render such passage
moredifficultordangerous: Provided,however,
That this clause shall not be construed to pro-
hibit the crossing of the approaches to said
bridge, if such crossing shall be found neces-
sary.
Sec. 2. That any bridge built under the pro-
visions of this act may, at the option of the
company building the same, be built as a draw-
bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw, or
•with unbroken or continuous spans: Pro-
vided, That if the said bridge shall be made
with unbroken and continuous spans, it shall
not be of less elevation, in any case, than fifty
feet above extreme high-water mark, asunder-
stood at the point of location, to the bottom
chord of the bridge; nor shall the spans of
said bridge be less than two hundred and fifty
feet in length, and the piers of said bridge
shall be parallel with the current of the river,
and the main span shall be over the main
channel of the river, and not less than three
hundred feet in length: And provided also,
That if any bridge built under this act shall be
constructed as a draw-bridge, the same shall
be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge, with a
draw over the main channel of the river at
an accessible and navigable point, and with
spans of not less than one hundred and sixty
feet in length in the clear on each side of the
central or pivot pier of the draw; and the
next adjoining spans to the draw shall not be
less.than two hundred and fifty feet: and said
spans shall not be less than thirty feet above
low-water mark, and not less than ten above
extreme bigh-water mark, measuring to the
bottom chord of the bridge ; and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river, where said bridge may be erected :
And provided also, That said draw_ shall be
opened promptly, upon reasonable signal, for
the passage of boats.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be known and
recognized as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war ot the United States
than the rate per mile paid for their tiansport-
atiun over the railroads public highways lead-
ing to the said bridge, and the United States
shall have the right of way for postal telegraph
purposes across said bridge. _ _
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge shall have and be enti-
tled to equal rights and privileges in the
passage ot the same, and in the use of the
machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all the
approaches thereto, under and upon suth
terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, upon hearing the alle-
gations and proofs of the parties in case they
shall not agree.
Sec. 5. That the structure herein authorized
shall be built and located under and subject to
such regulations for the security of navigation
of said river as the Secretary of War shall pre-
scribe, and the said structure shall be at all
times so kept and managed as to offer reason-
able and proper means for the passage of
vessels through or under said structure ; and
the said structure shall be changed at the cost
and expense of ttie owners thereof, from time
to time as Congress may direct, so as to pre-
serve 1 he free and convenient navigation of
said river. And the authority to erect and
continue said bridge shall be subject to revo-
cation, modification by law whenever the
public good shall in the judgment of Congress
so require, without any expense or charge to
the United States.
Sec. 6. That the Muscatine Western Bail-
road Company, or their assigns, a corporation
existing under the laws of the State of Iowa,
be, and is hereby authorized to construct and
maintain a bridge across the Mississippi river
at the city of Muscatine, in the State of Iowa.
The bridge authorized to be built by this sec-
tion is hereby declared to be a post route, and
shall have all the privileges, and is subject to
all the terms, restrictions, and requirements
contained in the foregoing sections of this act.
Sec. 7. That a bridge may be constructed
and maintained across the Mississippi river, at
any point they may select, between the coun-
ties of Carroll and Whitesides, iu the State of
Illinois, and the counties of Jackson and Clin-
ton, in the State of Iowa, either by the West-
ern Union Railroad Company or the Sabula,
Ackley, and Dakota Railroad Company, or
both of them, or by either or both of their
successors or assigns, or by any person, com-
pany, or corporation having authority from
the States of Illinois and Iowa. The bridge
authorized to be built by this section ia hereby
declared to be a post route, and has all the
privileges, and is subject to all the terms, re-
strictions, and requirements contained in the
foregoing sections of this act.
Sec. 8. That a bridge may be constructed
and maintained across the Mississippi river, at
any point they may select, between the county
of La Crosse, in the State of Wisconsin, and
the county of Houston, in the State of Minne-
sota, by the Milwaukee and Saint Paul Rail-
way Company, their successors or assigns, or
by any person, company, or corporation hav-
ing authority from the States of Wisconsin
and Minnesota. The bridge authorized to be
built by this section is hereby declared to be
a post route, and has all the privileges, and is
subject to all the terms, restrictions, and re-
quirements contained in the foregoing sections
of this act.
Sec. 9. That the right to alter or amend this
act, so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of bridges, is hereby ex-
by A. B Stockwell, of the State of New York,
to that of " Julia," and grant said yacht regis-
try in said name.
Approved, April 1, 1872.
presslv reserved.
Sec". 10. That this act shall take effectand be
in force from and after its passage, without
any expense or charge to the United States.
Approved, April 1, 1872.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act to authorize the
restoration of Gilbert Morton to the Naval
Service.
Me it enacted by t,he Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Utiited States of America iti
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to re-appoint Gilbert
Morton an ensign ia the Navy.
Approved, April 1, 1872.
Chap. LXXV.— An Act to change the Name
of the Pleasure Yacht " Lois'' to that of *"feea
Witch," and to change the Name of the
Yacht "William M. Tweed" to that of
"Julia."
Be itenaeted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That th e Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized to
change the name of the pleasure yacht kois,
owned by Frank H. Stott, of the State of New
York, to that of " Sea Witch," and grant said
vessel registry fn said name.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the 1 reasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to change the
name of the yacht" William M. Tweed, owned
Chap. LXXYIII.—An Act to authorize the
President to appoint George Plunketta Pay-
master iu the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to appoint George
Plunkett a paymaster in the United States
Navy, if, in his opinion, the interests of the
public service will be thereby promoted.
Appboved, April 2, 1872.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act to provide for the
Reporting and Printing of the Debates ia
Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Congressional
Printer is hereby directed to enter into a con-
tract, in behalf of the General Government,
with Franklin Rives, Jefferson Rives, and
George A. Bailey, for the reporting and print-
ing of the debates in Congress for the term of
two years, on and from the fourth day of
Maicli, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, in
accordance with a proposed form of contract
from the said Rives and Bailey, submitted to
and approved by the joint Committee on Pub-
lic Printing on the part of the Senate.
Sec. 2. That for the purpose aforesaid there
be appropriated and paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of four hundred thousaud dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, the
accounts having been approved, as in previous
years, by the Secretary of the Senate and by
the Clerk of the House, or their representa-
tives.
Sec. 3. That no person shall.be employed
as a reporter for the House without the ap-
proval of the Speaker of the House : Provided,
That it shall be the duty of the joint Commit-
tee on Public Printing to publish an advertise-
ment once a week, for four weeks, in one
newspaper in each of the cities of Washington,
Philadelphia, New^ York, Boston, Chicago,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, and San
Francisco, inviting proposals in detail for re-
porting and for printing, together and sepa-
rately, the debates of the Forty-Third, the
Forty-Fourth, and the Forty-Fifth Congresses,
together or separately, and to report all pro-
posals which may be received before the desig-
nated day to Congress, at the earliest prac-
ticable date, with estimates, hereby directed
to be made by the Congressional Printer, of
the cost of reporting the debates andof print-
ing them at the Government Printing Office,
accompanied by the recommendations of the
joint Committee on Public Printing on all pro-
posals and estimates so submitted ; and that
the bills for such advertising be paid in equal
parts from the contingent funds of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives:
provided further, That no debates shall be
reported or published at public expense, after
the close of the present Congress, except upon
written contracts entered into therefor under
the authority of Congress.
Appboved, April 2, 1872.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act to establish a Port
of Entry and Delivery at the City of Pitts-
burgh, Pennsylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a port of entry and
delivery be, and is hereby, established at the
city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, which shall
