25U
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
sen., Joseph Young, Mr. Hooper, and other Mormon
leaders, to whom I fully unfolded the plans of our
company. I was received in the most cordial man-
ner, and a full cooperation on their part was pledged
to me and my associates in the prosecution of the
proposed work. Mr, Young said it was "his earn-
est desire to develop the resources of Utah, and that
he was glad to welcome enterprise and capita! from
any quarter, but that he did not wish his people to
go into railroad and mining enterprises;" that he
much preferred them to attend to agricultural pur-
suits, and that they desired to "sell their present
railroad which runs from this city to Osrden," &c. I
agreed upon my part to begin the work as soon as
authority could be had from Congress.
I am very anxious for the bill to pass as soon as
practicable, as I wish to begin the construction of
the road at once, and for the further reasons that
there are other organizations incorporated accord-
ing to territorial law now urging their claims as
above all others to the original route marked out by
oar company.
Very truly, A. R. BALDWIN, President
Great Salt Lake and Colorado Railroad Company.
Hon. Mark H. Dunnell,
House of Representatives.
Mr. DU'NNELL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] for live
minutes.
Mr. COX. When this bill came before the
House the other day, I objected to it because
it undertook, as I thought at that time, to
interfere with the territorial legislation, to
interfere with the powers and functions of the
local government, to which, in my judgment,
all these matters should be committed. The
amendment of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Ste-
venson] somewhat obviates the objection I
made the other d«iy. It deprives this company
of any right or power, not only to interfere
with, but to inhibit the road already being
built in Utah. But my general objection to
the bill remains, and it is this, (and this
House ought to take notice of au objection of
this kind, for the people are taking notice of
our conduct in respect to these corporations:)
I object to this bill because it is the entering-
wedge to ft system, and when this corporation
is made, with its franchises, its power not
only to combine capital and to oppress labor,
but its power also to control the politics of
the various States of the future through which
this road may go, it becomes us to be jealous
as to this business. Congress has enough to
do. What are we not doing? I have here, and
1 wish to have read at the Clerk's desk, a state-
ment which I hold in my hand as to the multi-
farious and enormous business that is thrust
on the American Congress that never was
thrust upon ihem until the present session.
It is an extract from the New York Tribune,
summing up the business of this Congress,
and I ask to have it read, as showing just what
we are doing, and shall have to do in the future
if the Federal Government continues to ag-
grandize to itself ail the power over corpora-
tions. I ask the Clerk to read the extract.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Bills to encourage the digging of ditches for irri-
gation in .Nevada, and bills to authorize the consolid-
ation of railroad ooiujui rue-* in North Carolina. After
a_ bill on the Senate file to indemnify a county in Vir-
ginia for loss through the defalcation of a sheriff, fol-
lows a bill to establish a system ot national education.
Next comes a bill to subsidize a railroad from Port-
lurid, Maine, to Chicago, and this is ioilovved by a
bill to pay Richard Green a few hundred dollars for
the use ol liis machine for bending chain cable.
Nothing is too gr at for the Congress mmd to grap-
ple with, and nothing escapes its notice through
insignificance. Members pass from the considera- ]
tion <>t constitutional amendments to a discussion j
of the price of hair-pins and taok-nails. Senators |
vote to buy an island in the West Indies, and then I
turn their attention to giving away a half acre in j
California, or 10 paving a street in Washington. In J
old tunes, Congress was a sou of national debating I
society, in thedoingsof which few people beside the
politicians took much interest. Now no man knows
in what Congress may see fit to improve or damage
hi3 business, to increase or diminish the cost ot his
food, clothing, and luel, or to enlarge or abridge
his personal heednm. Congress enriches a railroad
company and impoverishes a manufacturing cor-
poration on the same day. It sets men to work
hunting seals on the Aleutian Islands, and reduces ,
the wages of iron-makers in Pennsylvania. It gives !
black men the right to hold oflice in Ohio, and claps i
five hundred white men mio jail in South Carolina, j
It looks a iter the levees ot Louisiana and the domes- j
tic relations of people in Utah. Ship-builders in |
Maine, fishermen in Massachusetts, merchants in j
New York, miners in Pennsylvania, tobaeco-plant- |
firs in Virginia, cattle-raisers in Ohio, corn-growers
in Illinois, rice-planters in South Carolina, lumber-
men in Wisconsin, gold-diggers in Colorado, wine-
makers in California, and men of a thousand other
occupations have all an immediate concern, in per-
son and in pocket, in the doings of Congress."
Mr. COX. After that wonderful summing
up of our doings here, I think we have enough
to do without going into a general business of
making corporations of this nature. We must
remit something to the local Legislatures ; if
we do not we will be overwhelmed, and hav-
ing more to do than we should do, we will do
nothing well for the people. I stand upon the
old Democratic ground of remitting all that is
possible to be done by the local governments
to those governments, and I am opposed to
the inauguration of any such system as the
making corporations for railroads through
these inchoate States.
Mr. DUNNKLL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Montana [Mr. Clagett] for five
minutes.
Mr. CLAGETT. I desire simply to say a
word in reply to what has been said by the
gentleman from N«w York, [Mr. Cox.] So
far as his general declaration is concerned, in
favor of leaving the consideration of all these
questions to the territorial Legislatures, I am
thoroughly in sympathy with him. But, un-
fortunately, the fact is that in 1867 Congress
saw fit to pass a law by which the territorial
Legislatures were expressly forbidden to pass
any such laws for the incorporation of rail-
road companies. That law is now upon your
statute-books.
I wish to say another thing in this connec-
tion: that even though Congress should under-
take to confer this power upon territorial
Legislatures, they would still have to come to
Congress to secure the right of way through
the public lands. The territorial Legislatures,
even if they had the power to pass general acts
of incorporation, could not enable those cor-
porations to exercise the right of eminent
domain in the confiscation of private property
upon payment of value, or in the exercise of
the right of way, but they would have to come
to Congress for the purpose of obtaining that
authority. Hence, I can see no force in the
objection that has been urged here, because
whatever shall be done, whether the power be
left to the territorial Legislatures, or assumed
and exercised by Congress, Congress will still
be called upon to pass upon every bill of this
kind, in one form or other.
This bill proposes to confer upon the Amer-
ican or Gentile element now living in Utah
some of the powers necessary to enable them
to obtain some little foot-hold in that country.
The legislation of this Mormon Territory has
been Irom the start, and I speak advisedly
when I say so, to grant away every foot of
ground in that Territory to the members of
the hierarchy of that church.
Mr. HOOPEU, of Utah. I challenge the
gentleman to show that they have given away
a single inch of land.
Mr. OLAGET L\ [ am glad the gentleman
lias done so. I am familiar with those statutes
and have practiced law under them. You
commenced irom the time the Territory was
organized, and you have continued to this day,
in a country where, as the saying is, "water
is land," to grant away nearly every inch of
water that can be found in all the Territory
of Utah.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Name oneinstance
of the kind.
Mr. CLAGETT. I can find the cases in
your statutes. You granted to Brigham Young
the exclusive ownership of Cache valley as a
herding ground, now occupied by about ten
thousand people; you have granted to Brig-
ham Young the islands in the middle of Great
Salt Lake you have granted to Brigham Young
tiie exclusive right to all the timber that is in
City Creek canon. As one of the means by
which the people of the United States who are
not Mormons are to be prevented from secur-
ing any foot-hold in that country, you have
gone further, and supplemented your legisla-
tion by your deeds of trust, so as to place
directly or indirectly in the hands of Brigham
Young the control for nearly every town site
in that Territory, so that to-day it is almost an
impossibility for a merchant going there to
engage in ordinary business to obtain a build-
ing lot or a foot of ground without consulting
this grand hierarch.
Now, what I insist upon in connection with
this bill is that Utah is an American Territory ;
that every man who acknowledges his allegiance
to the laws of his country has a perfect right
to go into that Territory and help to build up
an element antagonistic to that institution
which embodies not a union but an identity of
Church and State, with the Church on top and
dominating over the State.
What is this bill ? It proposes simply to con-
ferupon this "foreign" element, as it iscalled,
this "Gentile" element—in other words, this
American element in opposition to the alien
element in Utah—the right to build a rail-
road, and by this means assist in carrying
out the policy of this Government, which is,
by the construction of railroads and the intro-
duction of American ideas into that Territory,
to settle the Mormon problem without the
necessity of bloodshed and a resort t,o arms.
This was one consideration that induced Con-
gress to build the Pacific railway, and now,
when the policy of the Government is about
to be realized, and application is made for the
simple right to construct other roads which
will supplement the policy of Congress and
realize its grand design, objection is made to
the passage of this bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Utah, [Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Mr. Speaker, it is
seldom that 1 ask the privilege accorded to me
at this time; and I should not occupy the floor
on this occasion did I not realize that, state-
ments which have been made here, and which
are calculated to impress the mind of the
House with prejudice against the people of
Utah, are unfounded, and the odium which
they would create undeserved.
This is not the first time I have heard men
on this floor introduce the name of Biigham
Young and the Mormon community for the
purpose of exciting prejudice in the public
mind, that they might be enabled to accom-
plish certain measures of legislation. The
gentleman from Montana. [Mr. Ci.aoett,] in
making his remarks this morning, has siepped
out of what I conceive to be his legitimate
province. As a representative from a Terri-
tory adjacent to my own, he should rather, it
seems to me, have helped a Delegate colleague
in the .endeavor to protect the rights of the
pioneers of that country.
He has spoken of the people of Utah legis-
lating away the public domain of the Govern-
ment of the United States. Sir, I deny that
the local government of Utah has ever by any
act of legislation claimed ownership in any
portion of the soil of the Territory of Utah.
It has simply pursued the same policy which
has been adopted by the Legislatures of other
lerritories, in enacting laws whereby settlers
coming there to open up the country might be
protected in their possessory rights. Sir, in
Utah Territory there are roads leading from
the valleys up into the mountains, where the
great Emma mine and other rich mineral de-
posits have been discovered, which have cost
$20,000, $30,000, $40,000, and $50,000. How
could those enterprises have been accom-
plished, how could these roads have been con-
structed, if the people had not in some way
cooperated, combined their capital and their
labor, and then been protected by legislation,
in opening up those canons in order to reach
the timber in the mountains, that it might be
used in building their fences and their houses,
and in thus laying the foundation for what is
to be a great and mighty State?
