700
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be entitled to the same provisions and subject
to the same regulations and restrictions as
other ports of entry and delivery in the United
States.
Approved, April 2, 1872.
Chap. LXXXI.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to authorize Protection to
be given to Citizens of the United States
who may discover deposits of Guano,"
approved August 18, 1856.
Be it enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
act of Congress approved August eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty six, entitled " An
act to authorize protection to be given to cili
zens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano," be, and the same are
hereby, exteuded to the widow, heirs, execu-
tors, or administrators of such •discoverer,
where such discoverer shall have died before
perfecting proof of discovery or fully comply-
ing with the provisions of said act approved
as aforesaid, after complying with the require-
ments of the act of Congress of August eight-
eenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-Jive [fifty-
six ;] Pi'ovided, That nothing herein contained
shall be held to impair any rights of discovery
or any assignment by a discoverer heretofore
recoguized by the Government of the United
States.
Sec. 2. That section three of an act approved
July twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, entitled "An act to protect the rev-
enue, and for other purposes," amendatory
of the act aforesaid, approved August eight-
eenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, be, and
the same is hereby, amended by striking out
the word "five," wherever the same occurs,
and inserting in lieu thereof the word "ten."
Approved, April 2, 1872.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act to provide for the
Exchange and Transfer of two small par-
cels of Laud in the City of St. Louis,
Missouri.
Whereas the United States marine hospital
grounds, situated in the city of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, lie adjoining lauds of John G. Woerner,
upon an angular line of division ; and whereas
it is represented that an alteration and straight-
ening of said division line, and an exchange
of ceitain irregular strips of laud, will be con-
ducive to the interest aud convenience of both
parties: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Tnat the Secretary of the
Treasury be, aud he is hereby, authorized to
appoint a commission, to consist of two per-
sons, to determine upon a new division line
between the property of John G. Woerner,
of St. Louis, Missouri, and the St. Louis
marine hospital tract, which shall be a con-
tinuous straight line; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is authoiized, if he shall he satisfied
that the said exchange shall be beneficial to
the Government of the United States, to con-
vey to John G Woerner the strip of land that
may be found to lie on the south side of the
line so determined upon, in exchange for the"
strip of land that may be found to lie oil the
north side of said line: Provided, That the
said division "line shall be so located that the
exchange of said strip of land, and the loca-
tion of said line, shall involve no expense to
the Government; and upon the further condi
tion that the said John G. Woerner shall pay
unto the United States the sum of the differ
ence of value, if any, between the two parcels
of land thus exchanged, such sum to be ascer-
tained by the said commissioners, who, in case
of disagreement, shall choose an umpire; a
majority of the commission thus constituted
to determine the location of said division line,
and the difference in value as aforesaid, the
appraisement and location to be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury. And upon the
full payment of the sum aforesaid, if any differ-
ence in value should be in favor of the United
States, and conveyance by John G. Woerner
to the United States of a valid title to the said
strip or parcel of land lying north of the said
new division line, and adjoining the south-
east corner of the said St. Louis marine hos-
pital grounds, and the payment of all expenses
that may be incurred in locating said new line,
determining the difference m value of the two
parcels of land, and the transfer herein pro-
vided for, and compliance with the other con-
ditions herein set forth, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall execute the necessary deeds for
the conveyance to John G. Woerner of the
parcel of land lying on the south side of said
new division line, and adjoining the south-
west corner of the St. Louis marine hospital
grounds.
Approved, April 2, 1872.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act authorizing an
American Uegister to the Dutch Bark "Alice
Tarlton."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of Ameica in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to issue an American regis
ter to the Dutch bark "Alice Tarlton," owned
by John S. Emery and Company, of Boston,
Massachusetts.
Approved, April 2, 1872.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act to enable honor-
ably discharged Soldiers and Sailors, their
Widows and Orphan Children, to acquire
Homesteads on the Public Lands of the
United States.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That everypnvate soldier,
and officer who has served in the Army of the
United States during the recent rebellion for
ninety days, or moie, aud who was honorably
discharged, and has remained loyal to the
Government, including ihe troops mustered
into the service of the United States by virtue
of the third seciion of an act entitled "An act
making appropi iations for completing the
delences of Washington, aud for oiher pur-
poses," approved February thirteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, and every seaman,
marine, and officer who has served m the
Navy of the United States, or in the Marine
corps, duiing the rebellion, for ninety days,
and who was honorably discharged, and has
remained loyal to the Government, shall, on
compliance with the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain," and the acts
amendatory thereof, as hereinafter modified,
be entitled to enter upon and receive patents
for a quantity of public lands (not mineral) not
exceeding one hundred aud sixty acres, or one
quarter-section, to be taken in compact form
according to legal subdivisions, including the
alternate reserved sections of public lands
along the line of any railroad or other public
work, not otherwise reserved or appropriated,
and other lands subject to entry under the
homestead laws of the United States: Pro-
vided, That said homestead settler shall be
allowed^ six months after locating his home-
stead within which to commence his settlement
and improvement: And provided also, 1 hat
the time which the homestead settler shall
have served in the Army, Navy, or Marine
corps aforesaid shall be deducted from the
time heretofore required to perfect title, or if
discharged on account of wounds received,
or disability incurred in the line of duty, then
the term of enlistment shall be deduced from
the time heretofore required to perfect title,
without reference to the length of time he may
have served : Provided, however, That no
patent shall issue to any homestead settler
who has not resided upon, improved, and cul-
tivated his said homestead for a peiiod of at
least one year after he shall commence his
improvements as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. That any person entitled under the
provisions of the foregoing section to enter a
homestead, who may have heretofore entered
under the homestead laws a quantity of land
less than one hundred and sixty acres, shall
be permitted to enter under the provisions of
this act so much land as, when added to the
quantity previously entered, shall not exceed
one hundred and sixty acres.
Sec. 3. That in the case of the death of
any person who would be entitled to a home-
stead under the provisions of the first sec-
tion of this act, his widow, if unmarried, or in
case of her death or marriage, then his minor
orphan children, by a guardian duly appointed
and officially accredited at. the Depai tment of
the Interior, shall be entitled to all the bene-
fits enumerated in this act., subject to all the
provisions as to settlement and improvements
therein contained : Provided, That if such per-
son died during his term of enlistment, the
whole term of his enlistmeut shall be deducted
from the time heretofore required to perfect
the title.
Sec. 4. That where a party at the date of
his entry of a tract of land under the home-
stead laws, or subsequently thereto, was actu-
ally enlisted and employed in the Army or
Navy of the United States, his services therein
shall, in the administration of said homestead
laws, be construed to be equivalent, to all
intents and purposes, to a residence for the
same length of time upon the tractso entered :
Provided, That if his entry has been cancelled
by reason of his absence from said tract, while
in ihe militaiy or naval service of the United
States, and such tract has not been disposed
of, his entry shall be restored and confirmed:
And provided further, That if such tract has
been disposed of, said party may enter another
tract subject to entry under said laws; and iiis
right to a patent therefor shall be determined
by the proofs touching his residence and cul-
tivation of the first tract, and his absence there-
from in such service.
Sec. 5. That any soldier, sailor, marine,
officer, or other person coming within the
provisions of this act, may, as well by an
agent as in person, enter upon said home-
stead : Provided, That said claimant in per-
son shall, wiihin the time prescribed, com-
mence settlements and improvements on the
same, and thereafter fulfil all the require-
ments of this act.
Sec. 6. That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office shall have authority to make
all needlul rules and regulations to carry into
effect, the provisions of this act.
Approved, April 4, 1872.
Chap. LXXXVI.—An Act to amend the
thirty-second section of an Act entitled
" An Act to reduce Internal Taxes, and for
other purposes," approved July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'l'liat section thirty two
of an act entitled " An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for otherpurpo es," approved July
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy, be,
and the same is hereby, amended to read as
follows: Section 32. And be it further enacted,
