1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1649
If I saw the matter in the light in which he
does I should vote against this bill. If in tho
ease which he gives he is knocked down, which
I do not believe he ever will be, in the State
of North Carolina, and he goes on and com-
mences a criminal prosecution 
Mr. POTTER. Not a criminal prosecution,
but a civil suit.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If he goes
before a magistrate he cannot be carried into
the United States courts.
Mr. POTTER. I am not talking about crim-
inal prosecutions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You de-
scribed a criminal case.
Mr. POTTER. No, a civil suit.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well, then, as to the next case the gentleman
sneaks of: the bill as amended is where juris-
diction is obtained by service of personal pro-
cess only; limited cases, where jurisdiction is
obtained by personal process only. That does
not affect the foreclosure of mortgages.
Mr. POTTER. Certainly it does. How can
you get jurisdiction except by the service of a
subpena ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
not the only source of jurisdiction. The locus
rei determines the jurisdiction. This bill is
intended simply to prevent one man from fol-
lowing another into a State and there under-
taking to bring him under the jurisdiction of
that State. For instance, a man has a claim
against another arising in the Stats of New
York. He knows that his debtor is about to
go into Alabama, he being a citizen of South
Carolina. He thinks that in Alabama a jury
will be against a Yankee, and thereupon he
follows him into Alabama, brings suit in an
Alabama court, and hopes to get an advantage
of him. I say again to the House that in my
judgment the suits commenced by citizens of
one State against citizens of another State, out
of the jurisdiction of either, are in nine cases
out of ten cases of oppression. If either of
the parties were residents of the State where
suit is brought, they would have a right to go
into a United States court; but because some
persecuting plaintiff sees fit to follow his debtor
or adversary, and bring suit against him in
another State and there serve him, then he
cannot have the use of the United States
court.
Mr. POTTER. If the debtor did not go
away he would not have to follow him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Precisely;
but he is going away on his ordinary and usual
business. There is not a member of Congress
that cannot be sued in Baltimore as lie goes
home to-day and put into the Baltimore courts,
subject to any of the prejudices that may be
in those courts. Suppose some of these gen-
tlemen on the other side should come up into
Massachusetts, and should bo sued for the ser-
vice of their slaves, that they have not paid
them during their bondage, perhaps then they
would like to get into the United States courts.
Mr. POTTER. They would not escape a
Massachusetts jury by that process.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. They would be tried by a jury summoned
under the Federal jurisdiction, and they would
be tried under the laws of the country.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Would not the jury
be a Massachusetts jury?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Undoubt-
edly ; but the court would be a Federal court
with different jurisdiction. Now, as the gen-
tleman has asked me a question wili he allow
me to ask him one? I recognize him as a very
good lawyer. Is not this constitutional ques-
tion entirely futile andt delusive ? .Has he any
doubts of the constitutional power to pass this
bill ?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. The constitutional
objection to this bill does not strike me as
being valid. My objection to it is that-it will
overload the Federal courts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now I
42d Gong. 2d Sess,—No. 104.
desire to a word in reference to that objection.
It is said that this bill will overload the Fed-
eral jurisdiction; I have done all I can to pre-
vent that overloading in another bill, but the
Federal jurisdiction ought to be overloaded
till it affords to our citizens full and imme-
diate remedy. It should be able to interpose
its strong arm between the oppressor and the
oppressed everywhere. That is the use of the
United States courts.
Now let me answer another objection, that
we have not had this legislation before. In
olden times this bill was not necessary. We
did not then travel in eight days thirty-three
hundred and fifty miles. Everybody was not
on wheels in the olden times as they are-now.
We had not then the means of hearing one
day that our debtor was gone to California,
and the next day of telegraphing there to
have him sued there. We did not know where
all our friends were, or all our enemies, all
over this great country, in three hours after
they arrived there. This, therefore, has not
been a necessity until now. Now it is a neces-
sity, and as it is within the Constitution, I ask
the House to apply the remedy, the evil being
seen.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
pending bill by substituting therefor what I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That whenever a suit has been or is brought in
any State court by a citizen of the United States,
non-resident of that State, or by an alien against
another citizen who is an officer of the United States,
and who is also non-resident of that State, wherein
jurisdiction is obtained by the State court by per-
sonal service of process only, such suit may at any
time be removed to the circuit court of the United
States in the same manner as now provided by law
in a case of suit brought by a citizen of the State
wherein the State court is situated against, a citizen
of the United States non-resident in that State.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say a word or
two in explanation of my amendment. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
as I understand it, has another amendment in
the text of hi3 bill which I ought to insert in
my amendment, and which I omitted, to wit,
" and not resident of the same State with the
other party." I ask the Clerk to insert that
in my amendment, i myself consider that
essential.
Sir, what has given rise to this^ proposed
legislation at present? As I understand it, it
is this : the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, being temporarily in the city
of New York, has been sued by an alien on
account of certain services rendered by him
under color of his office ^by way of present-
ation of certain fiscal measures for the ben-
efit of the people of the United States. It
is alleged in that proceeding, as I understand
it, that the Secretary of the Treasury has
availed himself of this instruction, and that
great profit has inured therefrom to him and
to the people of the United State through him,
as their official, by reason of this fiscal dis-
covery made and presented by the plaintiff in
that action. Under present laws the courts of
the United States have no jurisdiction in the
premises. The case has not been certified
up on application, as by law it could not be.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
certified up, and sent back as having been
wrongly certified up.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was ruled under ex-
isting law that the plaintiff in that action being
an alien the courts of the United States have
no jurisdiction in the premises. Without mean-
ing any reflection at all upon the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
I will say I think there is room for the criti-
cism made by my honorable friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Keek] upon the text of this bill.
It was fully appreciated, apprehended, and
accepted by him.
We understand how these matters arise.
The word "non-resident" being used in the
text of the bill, I have no doubt created in the
mind of the gentleman who framed this bill
the belief that that covered the whole case.
But that has been corrected, and I ask that in
my'amendment the words "said plaintiff and
defendant not being residents of the sama
State " shall be inserted.
I desire to say that there is a precedent for
the legislation proposed to-day in the act of
1833, to which reference was made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
That was an act which confined the jurisdic-
tion of the courts of the United States to the
protection of the officers of the United States;
and I am not advised that the validity of that
statute has ever been called in question in any
court of the United States, at all events not
successfully. I am quite aware that the act
expired by its own limitation; but I am also
well aware that many suits were instituted
under it, and I am not advised that it was ever
ruled that the act while in operation was
unconstitutional or void.
I think it is quite important that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury should be protected by
the interposition of this legislation; and if it
be the pleasure of the House to vote down the
substitute I have offered, I may be constrained
to vote for the bill of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts with the amendment he has offered,
and run the risk of having the question of its
constitutionality and validity challenged and
finally determined in the courts of last resort.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at present. If the
substitute I have offered shall be adopted by
the House, there is no official in the United
States, including the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself, who can complain of any want
of consideration on the part of the Congress
of the United States ^protecting him fully in
the discharge of his official duty. It does seem
to me that there ought always to have been
just such a statute on the statute-book of the
United States. The only question of doubt
that hangs over it, in my mind, in regard to
the substitute I have offered, arises from the
insertion of the words "or of any alien." But
it is well enough to try that question in the
courts. I am not ready to try it myself, but I
am willing to resolve any question of doubt in
favor of the right of this Government by law,
through its own judicial tribunals, to protect
its own officers against the annoyance of suits
brought against them for the discharge of their
duties.
But I do not limit the substitute by any such
words as that "he is sued for any act done
under color of his office or the discharge of
his duty," for the simple reason that it is
quite well known to every gentleman in this
House that it is easy for any who wish to
harass a public officer of the United States
to so frame the proceeding a.s that the fact
shall not appear of record that he is sued for
any act done in the discharge of his duty under
color of his office. Let that question arise
when the case comes up.
I have no doubt, however, that in this par-
ticular case which is sought to be remedied
the Secretary of the Treasury is sued alone for
acts done under color of his office. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that correcting the substitute
which I have sent up by inserting the words
"not being residents of the same State," it
is worth while for the House to pass this bill
in that form. I am quite satisfied that some
relief should be extended to the Secretary of
the Treasury, for he is sued in one of tho
courts of the State of New York, and, as I
understand, in the city of New York. Am I
not right in that?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. He is sued, as I under-
stand, in a court holding its sessions in the city
of New York, where there is no probability that
the case may he heard within the current year
or the next succeeding year, if you please ;
and there is no official charged wiih any duty
