4338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
strike out the sixth section relative to pay-
ment for mail services in the rebel States.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is be-
fore the Senate without being called for.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to take a vote
upon the proposition submitted by the minor-
ity of the Committee on Investigation and
Retrenchment in regard to leave to submit
their- views during the recess as late as the
25t,h of June.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen'
ator from Delaware asks unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of the order
offered by him some days ago, which has been
stated. Is there objection V
. Mr. COLE. Yes, sir, 1 must object.
Mr. BAYARD. I only ask a vote on that
subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is objection
made to taking the vote without debate ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope my colleague will
not press an objection. It is only to take a
vote without any debate.
Mr. COLE. There is one unanimous con-
sent, and I cannot at this stage of the session
allow anything else to interpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment will be read.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amount of it is 
Mr. CONKLING, (in his seat.) I object
to debate. There will bo no opportunity to
reply.
Mr. CASSERLY. I insist that the rule of
order shall be observed that when a Senator
says anything he shall rise in his place and
say it, and not say it from his seat.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, Mr. President,
I rise from my seat and call the Senator from
California to order, and insist that debate shall
not proceed against the unanimous order of
the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not debating any-
thing against the unanimous order of the Sen-
ate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Secre-
tary will read the pending amendment, which
by order of the Senate is to be voted on with-
out debute.
The Chirp Ci.erk. The pending amend-
ment is the one reported by the Committee on
Appropriations, to strike out the sixth section
of the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year enoing June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes. That section, as it has
been amended by the Senate, now reads:
That tho sum of jS2">0,000, or so much thereof as
may bo necessary, in horoby appropriated to pay
unsettled claims legally existing against tho Govern-
ment of tho United States on account of services
actually rendered in carrying the mails of tho
United States, exclusively, in tho States lately in
rebellion, previous to the 31st (lay of May, A. I).
3861, without proof of loyalty as prescribed by joint
resolution approved March 2,1867: J'rovidrtl, That
no person shall receive compensation uuilor this
section for the time he was in the actual service of
any State in insurrection or of the so-called con-
federate States: And provided further, That before
any payment shall be made under this section,
satisfactory evidenco shall be furnished that no
compensation has been received from any source
for such service.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on striking out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLINU. I move to amend the
section by adding:
And provided further, That voluntary aid, com-
fort, or .issuance to the rebellion at any time before
the contract, was terminated by the United States,
given by tiny contractor ati any time during the
period lor which his contract was inade, shall be
treated as a iurfelture of the contract and of all sums
of money unpaid to him thereon, from and after the
time of such aid, comfort, or assistance given' by
such contractor.
I ask for the yeas and nays on that amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope it will be voted
down, because it will defeat the object of the
section. I do not make any speech upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table,_
I hope the Senator will
I object to debate.
I beg to inquire of the
I call the Senator from
I am on the floor on a
Mr. CONKLING.
not do that.
Mr. CASSERLY.
Mr. CONKLING.
Chair 
Mr. CASSERLY.
New York to order.
Mr. CONKLING.
I question of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. My question of order
came first because it referred to the Senator
himself. The Senator was debating the mo-
tion to lay on the table; that is, he was ob-
jecting to it. I ask for a ruling of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. If my accomplished
friend has resumed his seat I have a question
to put to the Chair, a parliamentary question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the ruling of
the Chair upon my point of order, for it has
priority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Mr. (An-
thony.) The Senator will state his point of
order.
Mr. CASSERLY. My point of order is,
that when the Senator from Ohio moved to
lay the motion of my still more accomplished
associate in the Chamber, the gentleman from
New York, on the table, that most accom-
plished Senator objected and made debate upon
the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate
is in order. The Chair understands the Sen-
ator from New York rises to a point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I do. I have made no
other remark to the Chair, but simply a re-
mark to the Senator from Ohio. Now, I wish
to inquire of the Chair whether the under-
standing under which wo are proceeding im-
plies that we are to vote upon amendments, or
whether it permits motions to lay on the table
amendments which may be ottered ? I sup-
posed the understanding was to have a direct
vote without debate on amendments; and
therefore I inquire of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the motion of the Senator from Ohio is
in order.
Mr. CONKLING. Iwish the Senator would
let us take a direct vote on this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to lay the amendment
of the Senator from New York on the table;
and on this question the yeas and nays are
requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. S 1'EWART. Iam paired on thisquestion
with the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Sawyeh.] He would vote " yea," and Ishould
vole "nay-1 on this motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas27, nuys 24 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper,Davis ol West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas. Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg. Kelly, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sohurz, Sprague. Stevenson, Stockton,
Xhuriuan, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickors, and West—27.
NAYS-—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Crit-
gin, .Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Hitchcock, IIowc. Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Fom-
eroy, Pratt, Kainscy, Scott, Sherman, Suuiner, Wil-
son, itnd Windom—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Clayton. Oorbett, Davis of Kentucky, Fentou,
Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Uoldtliwaite, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Lewis, Logan, Morlill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Norwood. Osborn, Patterson. Sawyer, Sponcer,
Stewart, and Wright—2J.
So the amendment was laid upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs 011 the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations, to strike
out the section as amended.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have a
vote 011 the motion to reconsider the proposi-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina,- [Mr.
Robertson,] dispensing with the proof of
loyally. I move that that amendment be
reconsidered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator did not
vote for that amendment. The yeas and nays
were called upon it. I object to his motion.
Mr. STEWART. ' I will withdraw the
motion until we get into the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
recurs on the amendment of the committee, to
strike out section six as amended, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. STEWART. On this question I am
paired with the.Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Sawyer]. He would vote "uay," audi
should vote " yea."
The questioti being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragm, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe. Logan,
Morrill of Vermont; Nye. Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Scott, Sherman, Suuiner, Trumbull, and Win-
dom—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia., Flanagan, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, John-
ston, Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ransom,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,Vickers, and
West—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Clayton,
Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry ot Connecticut,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Sawyer, Spen-
ccr, Stewart, Wilson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was agreed to; and the
section, as amended, was stricken out.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to add as an additional
section the following:
Sioc. 7. That, the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they are hereby, authorized and di-
rected, in adjusting the accounts of the collector of
customs for the port of Chicago, to allow him, as
an ex-oMao depositary of moneys belonging to the
United States, a credit for such sum or sums, in coin
or currency, as may satisfactorily appear to havo
been held by him, as such depositary, at the time
of the fire in said city on tho 9th and 10th days of
October, 1871, and to have been lost or destroyed
by such fire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think the word
"lost" ought 10 be in that section. That
would be very dangerous. Probably every-
thing was destroyed. I move to strike out in
the ninth line of the section the words " lost
or," so that it will read: "as may satisfac-
torily appear to have been held by him as
such depositary, at the time of the fire m said
city on the 9t,hivnd 10th days of October, 1871,
and to have been destroyed by such lire."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. 8. That the sum of $251,55 97, to restore to the
Creek orphans of 18.S2 certain tunds to which they
are entitled under the provisionsof the treaty with
the Creek nation of March 24,1832.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the point of
order that this is a private claim. If it is
anything, it is a private right. I do not think
it is a matter that ought to be put 011 this bill
in any case, for it is open to some question
whether it is right in itself; but, to save time,
as I think it is clearly out of order, being a
private claim if anything, I make that point.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 merely wish to state
that this is in pursuance of an estimate of the
Department and to fulfill a treaty obligation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to that is
there is not any such treaty obligation. There
is the trouble. The treaty of 1866, on the
contrary, wipes it out, and therefore it is
strictly a private claim, and there is no statute
or treaty which obliges us to do this thing.
I hat is my point. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in holding that it is a treaty obligation.
Mr. STEVENSON. Whether the Depart-
ment erred or not in regarding it as a treaty
obligation, is not the question. The! question
of fact between the Senator and myself is
whether the Department has made an esti-
