702
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 24,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be detached therefrom and annexed to the col-
lection district of Brazos de Santiago, and
form a part of said district in said State.
Approved, April 17,1872.
Chap. CIV.—An Act to authorize William C.
Jardine to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the issne of a Pat-
ent for his Improvement in Brake and Rest
for Carts.
Whereas William C. Jardine's application
for improvement in brake and rest for carts
was passed for issue September eleventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, but by the
neglect of his agent application and payment
for the issue of the same was [were] not made
within the the time required by law: There-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That William C. Jardine
be authorized to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the issue of a patent
for bis improvement in brake and rest for carts,
and that the Commissioner of Patents be
authorized to issue a patent for the same if he
should deem it right and proper: Provided,
That such application be made, and tlie
proper fees be paid within one year from the
passage of this act, anything in the proviso
contained in the thirty-fifth section of the
actentitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to patents and copy-
rights," approved July eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, to the contrary notwith-
standing: Provided, That the issue of such
patent shall not affect the right to use said
patented improvement of any person, who,
since the eleventh day of September, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, and prior to the
approval of this act, may have procured, and
at the time of such approval shall be using,
said patented improvement.
Approved, April 17, 1872.
Chap. CXI.—An Act to erect two new Land
Districts in the State of Nebraska.
Be if enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that part of the
State of Nebraska which lies west of range
twenty-eight west of the sixth principal merid-
ian, in the State of Nebraska, be, and the
same is hereby, constituted and erected into a
new land district, to be named and called the
western district.
Sec. 2. That all those parts of the present
South Platte and Nemaha districts, in the
State of Nebraska, which lie west of range four
and east of range twenty-eight west of the
sixth principal meridian be, and the same are
hereby, erected into and constituted a new
land district, to be named and called the Re-
publican Valley district.
Sec. 3. That the President be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and a receiver for each of said land
districts, who shall be required to reside at
the site of the land office in each case, respect-
ively, and shall perform like duties and be
entitled to receive the same amount of com-
pensation, respectively, as are now prescribed
by law for other land offices in said State.
Approved, April 22, 1872.
Ciiap. CXII.—An Act to extend the Time for
tiling Claims for additional Bounty, under
the Act of July twenty-eight, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted b y the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for filing
claims for additional bounty, under the act of
July twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and which expired by limitation
January thirteenth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, be, and the same is hereby, re-
vived and extended until the thirtieth day of
January, eighteen hundred and seventy-three ;
and that all claims for such bounties filed in
the proper Department after the thirteenth day
of January, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
and before the passage of this act, shall be
deemed to have been filed in due time, and
shall be considered and decided without
filing.
Approved, April 22, 1872.
Chap. CXIII.—An Act authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to deliver condemned Ordnance
to certain Soldiers' Monumental Associa-
tions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized to deliver (if the
same can be done without detriment to the
Government) four condemned cannon and
sixteen cannon-balls, for the purpose of orna-
menting the grounds surrounding soldiers'
monuments, to each of the following associa-
tions, viz:
To the Jefferson County, Ohio, Monumental
Association ;
To the Washington County, Pennsylvania,
Monument Association;
To the Soldiers' Monument Association at
Cortland village, New York;
To the Hancock County, Ohio, Soldiers'
Monumental Association;
To the Soldiers' Monument Association at
GreencastJe, Indiana ;
To the Buchanan County, Iowa, Soldiers'
Monument Association ;
To the Youngstown, Ohio, Soldiers' Monu-
ment Association ;
And a like number to the superintendent
of the National Cemetery at Andersonville,
Georgia, to be placed iu said cemetery.
Approved, April 22, 1872.
Chap. CX1V.—An Act in relation to Bounties.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That every volunteer, non-
commissioned officer, private, musician, and
artificer who enlisted into the military service
of the United States prior to July twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty one, under
the proclamation of the President of the Uni-
ted States of May third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and the orders of the War Depart-
ment issued in pursuance thereof, and was
actually mustered before August sixth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-one, into any regiment,
company, or battery, which was accepted by
the War Department under such proclamation
and orders, shall be paid the full bounty of one
hundred dollars, under and by viitue of the
said proclamation and orders of the War De-
partment, in force at the time of such enlist-
ment and prior to July twenty second, eighteen
hundreS and sixty-one: Provided, That the
same has not already been paid.
Approved, April 22, 1872.
Chap. CXV.—An Act authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to make certain Nego-
tiations with the Ute Indians in Colorado.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
empowered to enter into negotiations with the
Ute Indians, in Colorado Territory, for the
extinguishment of their right to the south part
of a certain reservation made in pursuance of
a treaty concluded March second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, situate in the south-
west portion of the said Territory of Colorado;
and report his proceedings under this act to
Congress for its consideration, the expense of
such negotiation to be paid by the United
States, and to be hereafter appropriated.
Approved, April 23, 1872.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act to create the Linkton
Land District, in the State of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ame< ica in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
the State of Oregon lying south of the fourth
standard parallel south of the base line, be-
tween townships eighteen and nineteen south,
and east of the meridian line between ranges
five and six in said State, shall constitute an
additional land district, to be called the Link-
ton district; and the office of said district shall
be located at Linkville, subject to be changed
by the President of the United States as the
public interests may require.
Sec. 2. That the President be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appoint, in accordance
with existing laws authorizing appointments to
office, a register and a receiver for the district
hereby created, who shall each be required to
reside at the site of the office for said district,
have the same powers, responsibilities, and
emoluments, and be subject to the same acts
and penalties which are or may be prescribed
by law in relation to other land officers of the
United States for the State of Oregon.
Sec. 8. That all sales and locations made at
the offices of the district in which the lands
embraced in this district have hitherto been
included, situate within the limits of this dis-
trict, which shall be valid and right in other
respects up to the day on which the new office
shall go into operation, be, and the same are
hereby confirmed.
Approved, April 24, 1872.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act to extend the Time
for the Completion of the Military Road
from Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in
the State of Michigan, to B'ort Howard, at
Green Bay, ia the State of Wisconsin.
Beit enacted by the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the con-
struction and completion of the military road
frotn Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the
State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green
Bay, in the State of Wisconsin, be. and ihe
same is hereby, extended until the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four.
Sec. 2. That all the grants, rights, and priv-
ileges contained in the original grant be con-
tinued in full force and virtue for said time.
Approved, April 24, 1872.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act relating to Proposals
and Contracts for Transportation of the
Mails, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any person or per-
sons biddingfor the transportation of the
upon any route which may be advertised to be
let, and receiving an award of the contract lor
such service, who shall wrongfully refuse or
fail to enter into contract with the PosttnaMer
General, in due form, and perform the servic ■
described in his or their bid or proposal, t-haii
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, mid, on
conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not
exceeding five thousand dollars, and by im
prison ment for a term not exceeding twelve
months.
