754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
the Treasury, transmitting the report of Ed-
ward Young, chief of the Bureau of Statistics,
on the customs tariff legislation of the United
States, which, as it appears to be in print,
■will be referred to the Committee on Finance
without printing, except so far as the letter
itself is concerned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought to
have that printed for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in printed
form—perhaps printed by the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it been printed by
authority of Congress?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has the im-
print " Government Printing Office, Washing-
Ion, 1872." How many copies are printed,
or by what authority, the Chair does not know.
It is now in print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, but that is
a document which I think we should all like
to have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the letter
will be referred to tho Committee on Finance,
and the question of printing the report will be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not ask that the
motion to print be acted on now.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will say to the Senator
from Illinois that I have the impression that
that document has been ordered to be printed
heretofore.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Having called atten-
tion to it I will not make the motion, but I
think it is a document that we ought to have.
I hope the Senator from Iowa will look at it,
and, if he comes to the same conclusion, that
he will movo to have it printed, if the print-
ing has not been already ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Commit-
tee on Finance can report a resolution for
its printing. It will be referred to that com-
mittee.
PETITIONS AND MUMOMAIS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a pre-
amble and resolutions adopted by the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, in relation to the improve-
ment of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers ; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Max*
imillian Rosenberg, praying compensation for
services rendered on tho statf of Major General
John C. Fremont; which-was referred to the
Committee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented tho memorial of
the president and executive officers of the
American Industrial League, representing the
interests of Americau producers, asking that
such discriminating duties be levied on all im-
ported manufactures as will render substantial
protection to the labor of our own people;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of col-
ored citizens of I'rankford, Delaware, pray-
ing the immediate passage of the supplement-
ary civil rights bill; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Lewiston, Mifflin county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the immediate passage of tho supplement-
ary civil rights bill; which was ordered to He
on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
William Wheeler Hubbell, of Pennsylvania,
praying an appropriation to satisfy the .unpaid
balance of the verdict rendered in his favor
under tho joint resolution of Congress, ap-
proved June 3, 1804, for tho U3e of several
million of his patent fuses for explosive shells
by the Army and Navy of the United States,
and ihe transfer of his_ patents to the United
States, in pursuance of that joint resolution ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro--
priations.
Mr. KELLOGGpresentedapetitionofpostal
letter-carriers of the city of New Orleans, Lou-
isiana, praying an increase of compensation ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Franklin parish, Louisiana, praying the reijs-
tablishment of the United States district court
for the northern district of Louisiana; which
was referred to theCommittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Florida, asking an appropria-
tion for the improvement of St. John's river
and the harbor of Fernandina ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKBRS presented the petition of R.
F. R. Lewis, commander United States Navy,
prayiDg to be restored to his proper position
in the Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of the
trustees of the Primitive Baptist (colored)
church of Huntsville, Alabama, praying re-
muneration for the uso and destruction of their
church by United States troops during the
late war; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of George W.
Dunavan, guardian, &c., of Laura E. Ritchey
and Ella A. Ritchey, praying that a pension
be granted to them; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING. I present two petitions
very numerously signed by citizens of the
twenty-third congressional district of New
York, whose vocation is the manufacture of
cijjars, and they ask for such an increase of
the tariff' on imported cigars as will raise tho
duty to three dollars a pound and fifty per cent.
ad valorem. I move the reference of these
petitions to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present, also, the memo-
rial of the American Industrial League, in
which memorial they remonstrate against the
theories and practices of free trade, and they
say especially, "if foreigners want access to
our better markets, and on an equality with
ourselves, let them emigrate to the United
States with their capital and machinery, and
pay not only our higher wages but the taxes
to support our schools and other institutions,
as we have always done." This is not the
only cogent, suggestion of these memorialists.
I commend their memorial to the Committee
on Finance. I move that it be referred to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and
been requested to present some resolutions,
adopted by the Legislature of the State of Illi-
nois, asking its Senators and Representatives
to use all necessary and honorable efforts to
secure an early and favorable consideration
by Congress of the memorial of Joseph J.
Petrie, for sm vices rendered in the years 18-19
and 1850, in rescuing two expeditions in the
depth of winter from tho Sacramento valley,
in California, and preserving the lives of a
number of emigrants, in accomplishing which
he was at great expense. His memorial has
been introduced and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and J move that these resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Illinois
he also referred to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of
William Oliver and twenty-eight others, who
were soldiers in the late civil war, living in
Belmont county, Ohio, praying for the equal-
ization of bounties and bounty lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of William
0. Reed and twenty-nine others, of Belmont
county, Ohio, praying for tho equalization of
soldiers' bounties and bounty lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of
Abraham Sehroppe and nine hundred and
sixty-seven others, workers in the Bethlehem
iron works, of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against any change of the exist-
ing tariff laws abating or abolishing duties
upon such articles as are successfully pro-
duced in this country; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also jjresented the memorial of 0.
Hammond and sixty others, workers in char-
coal and iron, of Greenfield township, Blair
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties on such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented
the petition of John W. Ramsburg, of Mor-
gantown, West Virginia, praying remunera-
tion for lumber taken by United States troops
duiing the years 1861, 1802, and 1868; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPJSIIS WITHDRAWN AND llEFERltlSD.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia,
it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the claim
of Charity Lodge No. Ill, of Free and Accepted
Masons of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, bo taken
from the filesof the Sonafceand referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That William Robinson havo leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
tho Senate,
im'0RT3 OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Charles Hubbs, praying an
amendment to the postal laws so that all
printed matter sent from a known office of
publication to regular subscribers be delivered
free, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
POST ROADS IN VERMONT.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1076) establishing certain
post roads in Vermont, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. It is a very small matter.
It establishes but two roads. The member
interested in the House is very anxious about
it, and I hope it will be put on its passage at
once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
state that a new railroad has been constructed
in tho northern part of the State, and there are
a couple of towns very much inconvenienced
by the lack of haviug a bill of this kind passed.
I hope the Senate will consider it now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to establish the
following post roads in the State of Vermont:
from the station on the Portland and Ogdens-
burg railroad, in Greensborough, via Greens-
borough, East Craftsbury, and Craftsbury, to
North Craftsbury ; and from the station on the
same railroad at South Hardwick, to North
Craftsbury.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President, I rise this morn-
ing to a personal explanation, a thing I very
rarely do. My attention has been called this
morning to the fact that upon last Friday even-
ing, when we were voting on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] to the adjournment resolution, in reply
to a question of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conki.ing,] I am reported to have said
