1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
Laivs of the United States.
42d Cong....2d
Sec. 2. That each bid for carrying the mail
shall hereafter have affixed to it the oath of
the bidder, taken before an officer qualified to
administer oaths, that he has the ability pecun-
iarily to fulfil his obligations, and that the
bid is made in good faith and with the inten-
tion to enter into contract and perform the
service, in case his bid shall be accepted; and
that the signatures of his guarantors are gen-
uine, and that he believes said guarantors
pecuniarily responsible for and able to pay all
damages the United States shall suffer by rea-
son of the bidder's failing to perform his obli-
gations as such bidder.
Sec. 3. That any postmaster or other officer
of the Post Office Department who shall affix
his signature to the certificate of sufficiency of
guarantors or sureties before the guaranty or
contract is signed by the guarantors or sure-
ties, or shall knowingly make any false or
illusory certificate, shall be forthwith dismissed
from office and shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof,
be punished by a fine not exceeding one thou-
sand dollars, or by imprisonment not exceed
ing one year, or both.
Sec. 4. That no bidder for carrying the
mails shall be released from his obligation
under his bid or proposal, notwithstanding an
award made to a lower bidder, until a contract
for the designated service shall have been duly
executed by such lower bidder and his sure-
ties, and accepted, and the service entered
upon by the contractor to the satisfaction of
the Postmaster General.
Sec. 5. That after any regular bidder or
contractor for the transportation of the mail
upon any route shall have failed to enter into
contract, and commence the performance
thereof as herein provided, the Postmaster
General shall proceed to contract with the
next lowest bidder for such service, who will
enter into a contract and perform the same,
unless the Postmaster General shall consider
such bid too high; in which case he shall re-
advertise such service. And in all cases of
regular contracts hereafter made, the contract
may, in the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, be continued in force beyond its express
terms for a period not exceeding six months,
until a new contract with the same or other
contractors shall be made by the Postmaster
General.
Sec. 6. That hereafter all bidders upon
every mail route for the transportation of the
mails upon the same, where the annual com-
pensation for the service on such route at the
time exceeds the sum of five thousand dollars,
shall accompany their bids with a certified
check or draft, payable to the order of the
Postmaster General, upon some solvent na-
tional bank, which check or draft shall not be
less than five per centum on the amount of
the annual pay on said route at the time such
bid is made, and in case of new service not
less than five per centum of the amount of one
year's pay proposed in such bid if the bid
exceed five thousand dollars per annum. In
case any bidder, on being awarded any such
contract, shall fail to execute the same with
good and sufficient sureties, according to the
terms ou which such bid was made and ac-
cepted, and enter upon the performance of
the service to the satisfaction of the Postmas-
ter General, such bidder shall forfeit the
amount so deposited to the United States, and
the same shall forthwith be paid into the
Treasury tor the use of the Post Office De-
partment ; but if such contract shall be duly
executed and the service entered upon as
aforesaid, such dratt or check so deposited
shall be returned to the bidder.
S~c. 7. That in case of the sjekness, or
unavoidable absence from his office, of the
postmaster of any money-order post office, he
may, with the approval of the Postmaster
General, authorize the chief clerk, or some
other clerk employed therein, to act in his
place, and to discharge all the duties required
by law of such postmaster: Provided, That the
official bond given by the principal of the office
shall be held to cover and apply to the acts
of the person appointed to act in his place in
such cases: And provided further, That such
acting officer shall, for the time being, be sub-
ject to all the liabilities and penalties pre-
scribed by law for the official misconduct, in
like cases, of the postmaster for whom he
shall act.
Sec. 8. That the Postmaster General, when-
ever he may deem it consistent with the pub-
lic interest, may accept new surety upon any
contract existing, or hereafter made, for car-
rying the mails, in substitution for and release
of any existing surety.
Sec. 9. That the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized to cause to be placed to
the credit of the Treasurer of the United
States, for the service of the Post Office De-
partment, the net proceeds of the money-
order business; and that the receipts of the
Post Office Department, derived from this
source, during each quarter, shall be entered
by the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department, in the accounts of said
Department, under the head of "Revenue
from money-order business."
Approved, April 27, 1872.
Chap. CXXVI.—An Act to amend the first
section of an Act entitled "An Act to pro-
vide for the disposition of useless Military
Reservations," approved February twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first section of
an act entitled "An act to provide for the
disposition of useless military reservations,"
approved February twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, be amended by
adding thereto the following proviso: "And
provided further, That upon payment of the
appraised value by John C. Smith, or his
heirs, a patent shall be issued to said Smith,
or his heirs, for so much of the military hay
reserve of Fort Walla-Walla, Washington Ter-
ritory, as is embraced in the north half of
section twenty-six, township number eight
north, of range number thirty-five east of the
Willamette meridian, so soon after such pay-
ment as the said Smith shall prove to the
satisfaction of the register and the receiver of
the proper land office that he was in the law-
ful possession of said land under the pre-
emption laws of the United States at the time
said land was taken by the military authorities
for a hay reserve as aforesaid.
Approved, April 29, 1872.
Chap. CXXIX.—An Act to amend section
second, Act of August thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, in relation to the
Transportation and Exportation of imported
Goods, Wares, and Merchandise in Bond
through certain ports in the State of Texas.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section second of
the act of August thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifiy-two, entitled "An act authorizing
imported goods, wares, and merchandise, en-
tered and bonded for warehousing in pur-
suance of law, to be exported by certain
routes to ports and [or] places in Mexico,"
be so amended that imported merchandise,
duly entered and bonded at a port of the Uni-
ted States, and withdrawn from warehouse in
accordance with existing law, for exportation
for San Fernando, Paso del Norte, and Chi-
huahua, in Mexico, shall pass through Indian-
ola, the port of entry for the district of Saluria,
in the State of Texas, under such regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe,
as well as through the port of Lavaca, in said
district, as required by sa;d section.
Approved, April 30, 1872.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act to authorize the Construc-
tion of a Bridge across the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, Missouri," approved
March fifth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first section of
the act entitled " An act to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, Missouri," approved
March fifth, eighteen hundred and seventy"
two, be, and the same is hereby, amended so
as to read as follows: Section 1. That it shall
be lawful for the St. Joseph Bridge-Building
Company, a corporation organized for that
purpose under the general corporation laws
of the State of Missouri, or its assigns, to con-
struct a bridge across the Missouri river at or
near St. Joseph, Missouri, and to lay on and
over said bridge railway tracks for the more
perfect connection of any and all railways
that are now, or which may hereafter be, con-
structed to the Missouri river at or near St.
Joseph, or to the river on the opposite side of
the same, near St. Joseph ; and build, erect,
and lay on and over said bridge ways for
wagons, vehicles of all kinds, and for the tran-
sit of animals, and to provide ways for foot-pas-
sengers, and to keep up, maintain, and oper-
ate said bridge for the purposes aforesaid;
and that when said bridge is constructed, all
trains of all railroads terminating at said river,
and on the opposite side thereof, at or near
St. Joseph, Missouri, shall be allowed to cross
said bridge for reasonable compensation, to
be made to the owners of the same, under the
limitations and conditions hereafter named.
The owners of said bridge may also charge
and receive reasonable compensation or tolls
for the transit over the said bridge of all
wagons, carriages, vehicles, animals, and foot-
passengers.
Sec. 2. That the fifth section of the act of
which this is amendatory be, and the same is
hereby, amended so as to read as follows:
Section 5. That the St. Joseph Bridge-Build-
ing Company, after the passage of this act,
shall not have the right to assign the charter
which said company now holds by assignment
from the St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company, and which was granted to said last-
named company by virtue of an act of Con-
gress, approved July fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, to any other company, per-
son, or persons; nor shall said bridge-build-
ing company be permitted, under the said
charter so obtained as aforesaid, from the St.
Joseph and Denver City Railroad Company to
construct any other bridge than the one now
being constructed at St. Joseph, Missouri:
Provided, however, That nothing in this sec-
tion contained shall prevent the said bridge-
building company from mortgaging said char-
ter and franchises held by it by assignment
from the said railroad company, with the
bridge constructed or to be constructed there-
under, in the manner and for the purposes in
and for which the said bridge-building com-
pany is or may be authorized by or under the
laws of the State of Missouri to mortgage its
property.
Approved, May 1, 1872.
