1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3443
lished by the board of supervising inspectors and
now in use, namely:
rule 1. When steamers are approaching each
other 'head and head/ or nearly so, it shall be the
duty of each steamer to pass to the right, or on the
port side of the other, and the pilot of either steamer
may be first in determining to pursue this course,
and thereupon shall give, as a signal of his inten-
tion, one short and distinct blast of his steam-whis-
tie, which the pilot of the other steamer shall answer
promptly by a similar blast of his steam-whistle;
and thereupon such steamers shall pass to the right,
or on the port side of each other. But if the couise
of such steamers is so far on the starboard of each
other as not to be considered by the pilots as meet-
ing " head and head/' or nearly so, or if the vessels
are approaching each other in such a manner that
passing to the right as above directed is deemed un-
safe by the pilot of either vessel, the pilot so first
deciding shall immediately give two short and dis-
tinct blasts of his steam-whistle, which the pilot of
the other steamer shall answer promptly by two
similar blasts of his steam-whistle, and they shall
pass to the left, or on the starboard side of each
other.
Rule 2. When steamers are approaching each
otberw an oblique direction, they shall pass to the
right of each other, as if meeting " head and head/'
or nearly so, and the signals by whistle shall be
given and answered promptly, as in that case speci-
fied.
Rule 3. If, when steamers are approaching each
other, the pilot of either vessel fails to understand
the course or intention of the other, whether from
the signals being given or answered erroneously, or
from other causes, the pilot so in doubt shall imme-
diately signify the same by giving several short and
rapid blasts of the steam-whistle; and if the vessels
shall have approached within half a mile of each
other, both shall be immediately slowed to a speed
barely sufficient for steerage-way, until the proper
signals aie given, answered, and undeistood, or
until the vessels shall have passed each other.
Rule 4. Whenever a steamer is nearmg a short
bend or curve in the channel, where, from the
height of the banks or other cause, a stoamer ap-
proaching from the opposite direction cannot be
seen for a distance of half a mile, the pilot ot such
a steamer, when he shall have arrived within half a
mile of such curve or bend, shall give a signal by a
general alarm by the steam whistle; which signal
shall be answered in a similar manner by the pilot
of any appicaching steamer that may bo within
heaving. Should such signal be so answered by a
steamer upon the further side of such bend, then the
usual signals for meeting and passing sliall immedi-
ately be given and answerod. But if the first alarm
signal of such pilot be not answered, he is to con-
sider the channel clear, and govern himself accord-
ingly. „ ,
Rule 5. The signals, by blowing of the steam-
whii-tle, shall be given and answered by pilots in
compliance with these rules, not only when meeting
' head and head,' or nearly so, but at all times when
passing or meeting at a distance within half a mile
of each other, and whether passing to the starboard
or port.
Rulk 6. When steamers are running in a fog or
thick weather, and the pilot elects to lay by, or, as
it is usual to say, drift; or it at anchor, with steam
up, in the fairway of other steamers,it shall be the
duty of the pilot to cause three distinct blasts of tho
steam-whistle to besounded at mtervals^not exceed-
ing three minutes: Provided, however, That nothing
herein shall bcconstrucd to, in anyway, conflict with
section forty-seven, legulating fog-signals when
under way.
Hulk 7. When steamers are running in the same
direction, and the pilot of the steamer which is
astern shall desire to pass on the nghtor starboard
hand of the steamer ahead, he shall give one short
blast of the steam-whistle as a signal of such desire
and intention, and shall put his helm to port; but
if he desires to pass on the left or port hand of the
steamer ahead, he shall give two bhoit blasts of the
steam-whistle, putting his helm to starboard, and
the pilot of the head steamer shall be required to
recognize and answer the signals thus given, as re-
quired by the iulesfor meeting, and afford every
facility for the safe passage of the steamer first sig-
naling. .
Kule 8. When steamers are moving from their
dock or berth, and other steamers are liable to pass
from any direction toward them, they shall give a
long blast of the steam-whistle; but immediately
after clearing the berth so as to be fully in sight,
they shall be governed by the regular signals.
And all steam and sail vessels when navigating the
Waters flowing into the Uulf ol Mexico, oi uieir
tributaries, shall, when meeting and passing each
other, comply with the following directory rules now
established, namely: ,
Kule 1. When steamers are approaching cacn.
ether, the signal for passing shall be one sound ot
the steam-whistle to keep to the right, and two
sounds of the bteam-whi^tle to keep to the left;
these Mgnals to bemadefiist by the ascending steamer.
If the dangers of navigation, darkness of the night,
narrowness of the channel, or any other cause, renuer
it necessary lor the descending boat to take the other
side, she can do so by making the neee^ary signals,
and the ascending steamer must govern herse.f ac-
cordingly ; these signals to be observed by all steam-
ers, either day oi night.
Mule 1. Should steamers be likely to pass near
each other, and these signals should not be made and
answered by the time such boats shall nav e arrived
at the distance ol eight hundred yaj'da from ea-ai
other, tho engines ot both boats shall be stopped; or
should the signal bo givea and not properly under-
stood from any cause whatever, both boats shall be
backed until their headway shall be fully checked,
and the engines shall not be again started ahead
until the proper signals are made, answered, and
understood. Doubts or fears of misunderstanding
signals shall be expressed by several short sounds of
the whistle in quick succebsion.
Rule 3. When two steamers are about to enter a
narrow channel at the same time, the ascending
steamer shall be stopped below such channel until
the descending stoamer shall have passed through
it; but should two steamers unavoidably meet m
such a channel, then it shall be the duty of the pilot
of the ascending steamer to make the proper signals,
and, when answered by the descending steamer, to
lie as close as possible to the side of the channel the
exchange of signals may have determined, as allowed
by rule one, and cither stop the engines or move
them so as only to give the steamer steerage-way,
and the pilot of the descending steamer shall cause
his steamer to be worked slowly until he has passed
the ascending steamer.
Rule 4. When a steamei is ascending and running
close on a bar or shore, tho pilot shall in no caso
attempt to cross theriverwhen a descending steamer
shall be so near that it would be possible lor a col-
lision to eneue therefrom.
Rulk 5. No pilot of a descending stoamer shall
rundown any island chute which is not the usual
channel of the liver, exuept such chutes as are
designated by these rules, or may hereafter be
designated by the board of supervising inspectors,
Rulk u. When any steamer, whether ascending or
descending, is nearmg a short bend or point, where,
from any cause, a steamer approaching in an op-
posite direction cannot be seen at a distance of six
hundred yards, the pilot ot meh steamer, when he
shall have a wived within six hundred yards of that
bend or point, shall give as a signal a general alarm
by the steam-wlnstle as a notice to any steamer that
may be approaching; and should there be anj ap-
pi oachingsteamer within hearing of such signal, it
shall be the duty of the pilot thereof to answer such
signal by a similar alarm by the steam-whistle,when
both boats sdiall be navigated with the pioper pre-
caution-. as required by preceding rules.
Kule 7. When a steamer is running in a fog or
thick whetbei. it shall bo the duty of.tho pilot to
sound his steam-whistle at intervals not exceeding
one minute.
RulrS. When steamers are running in the same
diiection, and the pilot oi the boat which is astern
shall desire to pass either side oi tho boat ahead,
he shall give the signal as in rule one, and
the pilot of the boat ahead shall answer by tho
same signal; or if ho prefer to keep on his course he
shall make the necessary signals, and the boat
wishing to pass must govern herself accordingly;
but the boat ahc-id shall in no case attempt to cross
her bow or crowd upon her course. . .
Rule 9. When steamers are moving from tneir
dock or berth, and other boats aie liable to pass
from any direction toward t hem, they shall givoone
long blast of the steam-whistle; bul_ immediately
after clearing the berth so as to bo fully in siyht,
they shall be governed by rulo two.
Rule 10. Steamers descending tho Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers, between Louisville, Kentucky, and
New Orleans, Louisiana, shall not, lun down any
island chute, either by <!ay or night, except those
herein orhereuiatter designated, unless such chutes
are the usual channel of the river.
Rulk 11. The following island chutes may bo
navigated by descending steamers on the Ohio river,
between Louisville, Kentucky. and (J.uro, 1 linots,
when the river shall be sutlicicntb hiKh lor (hem to
do so with safety, namely- lilue River Island. JJisi-
mondIsland. O'-lc-onda Island, Miter Islands, .Stew-
art's Island, and Cumberland Hand, either by day
or night, and Wabash Island chute, by daylight
0IRcle 12. The following inland chutes on tho Mis-
sissippi river, between Oauo anu New Orleans, may
be navigated by descending steamers during day-
light. when tho river shall be sulhcicntly ugh tor
them to doso with safety, namely s islands M«ii ber 
Eight, Thirty-lour, Thirty-five, I'orty, lor y-one,
called Paddy's lien, Forty-six, or President s Island,
Sixtv-live, Seventy-live, or Ozark Island, Seventy-
six 'ffinety-tbrcc. Ninety-seven, Une hundred and
nine, or Palmyra Island, One hundred and ten, or
Big Black Island, One hundred and sixteen, or
Glasseoclt's Island, or one hundred and twenty-
tlll'oe, oi Piutit's Island.
when
four Eorty-one, or Paddv s Jlen, Sixty-live, Seven-
tv-eix, Ninety-seven, One bundled and nine, or
Palmyra Island, One hundred and ten, or l,ig Black
Ishiml One hundred and sixteen, or Glasscock s
ISKule 14. Ascending steamois are not prohibited
from l mining any island chutes.
The board of supervising inspectors may e^ablio
such rules and regulations to be observed by steam
vessels or steam and sail vessels m passing each
other not in conflict with any provision ol tills act,
or of the act entitled " An act lixing rules and rcgu-
i.i'wuk i.ir oveventing collisions on uicwato, ai
red April as they shall, from tnnc to
umeeein1 neiTes- ary 1 or^ai'e t'ytwo printed  ,ncs
oi winch rules and regulations, as well . o the
rules and regulations herein describe , M, td by
tuud inspectors shall be lunu-dicd .<> each ot ,Ilea
ve^eh ami: hall ar all tunes be kept up l,u r
in Mich vessels, vvliich rules shall be o
served both night and day. Shoald any pilot, engi-
neer, tnato, or master of any steam vessel neglect or
willfully refuse to observe suoh regulations so es-
tablished, he shall be liable to a penalty of fifty
dollars, and to all damages done to any passenger
in his person or basing© by such neglect or refusal,
and shall be disqualified from holding; any position of
trust and responsibility on board any steamer in-
spected under tho provisions of this act, for a period
of not exceeding one year.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
Seg. 29. That it shall bo the duty of the board of
supervising inspectors to establish suoh rules and
regulations to bo observed by all steam vessels in
passing each other as they shall from time to timo
deeiu nocossary for safety, two printed copies of which
rules and regulations, signed by said inspectors,
shall be furnished to eaoh of such vessels, and shall
at all times be kept up inoonspicuousplaces in such,
vossols, which rules shall bo observed both night
and day. Should any pilot, engineer, mate, or master
of any steam vessel neglect or willfully refuse to
observe such 1 expiations &o established, any delin-
quent so neglecting or refusing shall he liable of a
penalty of .fifty dollars, and to all damages done to
any passenger, in his person or baggage, by such
neglcct or refusal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was on page 52, fo
strike out section thirty-six, iu the following
words:
That iron or steel plates to boused in the construc-
tion of steamboat boilers shall bo inspected and may
be tested in suoh manner as shall be prescribed by
the board of supervising inspectors and approved by
tho Secretary of the Treasury; «nd no iron or stool
plates shall bo used in tho construction of such boil-
ers which have been found to bo imperfect, rejected,
or disapproved.
And iu lieu theieof to insert the following :
That after six months from the passage of thin act
every boiler-plate u^od in tho construction of boil-
ers 10 be employed on steam vessels, and which shall
bo subject, when so employed, to a pensile strain,
shall becarelullj examined by one of tho inspectors
appointed under tho pi ovisions ol this act, and said
inspector shall see that every plate so examined is
free from visible delect?; ho shall aWo see tluittho
stamps required by this act are. properly made 011
each plate, and sliall keep a record of the bame; and
it shall be his duty, at reasonable intervals and under
such regulations as Mia 11 be est a Idished by the b<uird
of supervising inspectors and approved by the See-
letaiy of the Treasury, to test the tensile strength,
homogeneousnoss, toughness, and other qualities of
such plates produced by ev<-jy manufacturer thereof,
so as to enable him to detect badly-manufactured or
falsely-stamped plates that have boon so manufac-
tured and damped with intent to deceive ; and every
«uch plate so tested shall ho taken promiscuously
fioin any lot of plater, made for the construction of
boiieis to be used on steam vessels: J'rovided, Abut
before any suoh plates shall bo ^hipped to anypait
of tho United State where thoro is no local board ot
inspectors, or where it is inconvenient or impracti-
cable for any inspector to cxaminoor Lost *uehplalos
nronculy, upon application they shall, colore being
shipped, be examined, and if need b« the test shall
be applied by one of tho uibpecJorh m the distru-t
from winch they may be shipped : and such inspect-
or shall nnilce and subscribe acertiiicato to the ship-
per ol' tile same, a copyol'whi.-h shall be sent to tho
Slljiervisins inspector ot the district, in which sue .
plates aie to lie used. ,md said ccrtilicato shall set
forth a dcseiiption of the quantity of such plates
and the correctness oi tile stamps thereon; and ho
shall keep a record ol' the same in his oilice.
Mr. MOItHILLi, of Vermont. J desire to
inquire of the Senator who seems to have this
bill in charge about the phraseology ol this
section. I see that these plates are to be in-
spected before they are shipped. Now, may
it not happen that these plates maybe earned
from the coast of the Atlantic to some ol the
western rivers, atid not be shipped at all I
Iiow are they to be inspected if they go by
land? , . ,
Mr. CORBBTT. They are to be inspected
where thoy are to be used in that case, where
there are local inspectors. 'J'his section is to
provide for eases where theie are no local
inspectors. There are but few such places.
Air. MOR1ULL, of Vermont. For instance,
if anything were made, say at Philadelphia,
for the Ohio river. Now, it seems to me, in
getting it from Philadelphia to the Ohio river
it would not be shipped at all.
Mr. OOKBETT. 'There are local inspectors
on the Ohio river to test the plates. _
I move to amend the amendment in mo
thirty-six by striking out the word ' quantity
and inserting ihe word "quality.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 1 hat modifi-
cation will he made, il there be no objection.
Mr. POMKRO i.'. I wish m passing to mako
