1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Office Department for the year ending June
30, 1873.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending*paragraph
is as follows:
For steamship service between Sail Francisco,
Japan, and China, $500,000.
To this paragraph the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Conger] has moved an amendment,
which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line two, page 5. strike out all after tile word
"China," and insert in lieu thereof "$1,C#)0,000:
Provided, The steamship company shall perform
said service semi-monthly in ships of American
construction."
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, on a ques-
tion of subsidies or of bounties, no bill can be
an entering wedge or pioneer for me. I be-
lieve that government was framed to do justice
and not to grant favors. I am therefore
opposed generally to all bills giving protection
or special privileges to one class of the com-
munity at the expense of the others. And if
I ever favor any grant of money or of lands
or of franchises to any person, it must be not
because I regard it as for his interest, but
because I am clearly convinced that it is for
the general public interest. Such, after ma-
ture consideration, is my conviction in respect
of the amendment which has been moved by
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,]
and I desire to give, as well as I may in the
brief space allotted to me, some of the reasons
which govern my conclusions.
Our commerce with foreign nations, Mr.
Chairman, must necessarily be carried on in
competition with every maritime people. Our
coasting trade, and the trade of our rivers and
lakes, we may and we do confine to vessels
built in our own docks and owned by our own
people, but as regards the foreign commerce
of the world, when we attempt a discrimina-
tion against the vessels of foreigners we are
met by their discrimination against our ves-
sels, and thus we gain nothing. So it is that
the foreign trade of every country is carried
on by its people in competition with every
other maritime people who choose to seek it.
So long as the traffic of the ocean was carried
by sailing vessels there were no subsidies. A
sailing vessel took her cargo when she could
get it, and sailed as the winds would carry
her; but when steamships were introduced
into ocean navigation it was found that com-
merce was controlled by well-established, fre-
quent, and regular lines of steamships, and it
was because in many cases neither individuals
nor associations of individuals were able to
take upon themselves the furnishing of the
enormous capital which is necessary to estab-
lish a great line of steamships and bear the
outlays required to build up the traffic after
the line is established that the maritime
nations consider it for the general interest^ of
their own people to give aid to the establish-
ment of such lines; not as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] said yester-
day, to take all the risks and leave the ship-
owner the profit; but simply to aid toward the
bearing of the burden incident to the enter-
prise for the common good.
Take this very case. One of these g reat
China ships—and only great ships can be prof-
itably employed in this trade, for no ordinary
ship can carry more than the coal necessary
for the protracted voyage from San Francisco
to China, thus leaving her no room for cargo—
no one of these great China ships can make
the round trip to China and back for less, I
presume, than $100,000, having regard to the
cost of the voyage and the attendant shore
expenses. The contribution by the Govern-
ment proposed is only $40,000 a voyage. The
question, therefore, in this case is whether in
these subsidies, in which the people advance a
portion of their money and the ship-owner a
portion of his money in the hope of building
up a great trade, the advance will be rewarded
by an ultimate profit which will justify the
expenditure.
For twenty-seven years that great free-trade
nation, England, and the other free-trade
nations of the world, have followed this policy.
If you embark, sir, from New York for Liver-
pool to-morrow, you will do so most likely in
a subsidized English packet. If you should
then sail from England to Portugal, you would
still go in another subsidized English packet;
should you then go up the Mediterranean,
still the voyage will be made in a subsidized
English packet; if then you cross the Isthmus
of Suez and go down the Red Sea, again you
will travel in a subsidized packet. If you were
then to land at Bombay, and crossing to Cal-
cutta again take the Eastern sea, you will
travel yet again in a subsidized English packet;
and if beyond Sumatra you would pass up the
China sea, yet again you would sail in apacket
carrying the English flag and subsidized by
the money of the English people. And if, in
all these long journeyings, you should wish to
change the flag under which you sail, your
choice will be confined to the still more greatly
subsidized French, or Austrian, or Italian
steamers on the Mediterranean, or in parts of
the Indian ocean.
Now, what has been the result of this policy
pursued for all these years, not by nations
which believe in protection, not by nations
which put a tariff upon ships, but by nations
that admit of free ships, that admit of free
stores and free supplies for ships, and afford,
as this nation does not, every facility to com-
merce ? What, I say, sir, is the result of this
system of subsidies pursued by the great free-
trade maritime nations? The result is that
to-day the commerce of Europe on the Atlan-
tic is under the flags of European nations, and
not under the flag of the United States. I
have no idea, sir, that any amount of subsidies
would r.ow restore to us the European carry-
ing trade, because of the embarrassments aris-
ing, not only from tariffs, from the absence of
capital, and the greater expense which attend
our people in navigating their ships, but also
because of the greatness of the organizations
for the trade which the foreigners have already
secured, and the advantage over us in respect
of securing emigrant passengers theyalso have.
But when I look to the only great ocean steam
line which the United States have, I find it
established upon the Pacific, and I find too
that it has been growing up there during the
last five years, in the face of all these disadvan-
tages to American carriers which have swept
away our flag from the Atlantic ocean; and
the question with me, therefore, now is whether
the subsidy now proposed is necessary to
retain the only great and growing foreign car-
rying trade we have left, and whether if neces-
sary to retain it the advantage to the people
which will result from the proposed subsidy
will warrant the expenditure.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, COBURN. I move to strike out the
last word. The question after all is a prac-
tical one, and not one of mere grandiloquent
declaration and bombast, in which some gen-
tlemen have indulged in this debate. Taking
this matter in its most favorable light, the
questionis, "Will it pay?" It is not a ques-
tion whether there is a grand commerce on the
Pacific. I will not admit, with the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter,] that our
greatest field of commerce is the Pacific ocean.
The greatest field of commerce we have now
is with FVance and England and the other
nations of Europe, and with Cuba; but there
is a vast commerce looming up in the Pacific
ocean. No man appreciates the importance
of it more than I do ; but when we get to ap-
propriating $1,000,000 a year, if we _ begin
it this year, we shall have to continue it
next year, and the next year, and it will soon
amount to millions of dollars now, henceforth,
and forever. The question is as to the relative
importance of these lines, as to the relative
propositions before us, if we must give subsi-
dies. Must it be given to railroads, to the line
of steamships to China and Japan, to England
or tQ France, up the Mediterranean, or down
the Gulf of Mexico to South America? The
question should be settled, which is compara"
tively of the greatest importance.
Why, sir, it strikes me that there are other
lines more profitable and more important just
now than this China and Japan line. ■ We
have been giving them $500,000 a year. I
would like to have some friend of this meas-
ure get up and state to this House whether or
not the stock of that company is profitable,
whether it is necessary to douhle the subsidy.
Is not $600,000 a year enough? Is not that
great Pacific Mail Steamship Company doing
a ver-y profitable business ? If we take the
statement of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent.] who pretends to know and
who ought to know more about it than any-
body else, the enormous amount of business
on this line must at least make the line very
profitable.
If we have $500,000 annually to give away,
why not as well use it to make cheap freights
inside of our country ? Every man of intelli-
gence knows that we cannot get to the marts
on our sea-board more than one third of the
agricultural products of the central States.
We cannot afford to carry those products on
our railroads, and they are locked up there.
Our railroads are now overcrowded with the
surplus produce raised in the Mississippi val-
ley. The question comes up whether we shall
give this subsidy to steamships that run to
China and Japan, which is but the beginning
of a trade, or whether we 'shall help those
interests nearer home.
Mr. SARGENT. Help them both.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman says "help
them both." Sir, the Treasury of the country
is not full enough to warrant our helping every-
body who is knocking at its door and asking
for help. But this great question can be solved
very easily and reasonably. I have in my hand
an amendment which I will offer at the proper
time, providing that we will allow American
registry to foreign-built ships to be obtained
and used by this company ; that they may be
allowed the privilege of purchasing ships abroad
and having American-registry granted to them.
We can purchase ships in foreign countries at
two thirds, perhaps at one half the price at
which we can build them. That is the shape
in which to put our subsidies to help make
cheap freights. The gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] says that this company needs
four more large iron ocean steamers. Then,
in the name of common sense, allow them to
buy them where they can get them at half the
price they would have to pay for them here,
and not let them reach their hands down into
the Treasury and get from it $1,000,000 a year.
I propose that to the House as a practical
solution of this question. How much will be
gained to our revenue by keeping up these bar-
riers to commerce, refusing to let our citizens
carry our flag on foreign-built vessels? In this
respect we stand with our eyes closed and with
our hands in manacles, the victims of our own
folly. In every other measure in relation^ to
commerce we seem to act with some kind
of common sense. But in this matter we re-
fuse to everybody in this land cheap freights
for the purpose of building up a little petty
interest in prospect, for we have no interest
existing in this country now that is identified
in any degree with the building of iron ocean
s team 6rs
Mr. PERRYj of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, the
money which we shall pay for this subsidy, if
we shall pay any, will be trust money in the
same sense, and only in the same sense, in
which all Government money is trust money.
The objects and purposes of that trust are
coextensive with the objects and purposes of
Government, and they are unlimited except by
the limits of the Constitution itself. I have
heard no one deny that we have the constitu-
tional discretion to make this appropriation j
