1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7 55
that I was paired with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis;] that if he were here he
would vote yea, and I would vote nay. I sim-
ply said that I did not know how the Senator
from Kentucky would vote, and that if I had
not been paired I should have voted yea. I
am always ready and always have been to
accord all the rights to the colored people in
my State and in all the other States that the
Senator from Massachusetts or any one else
proposes. I should have voted for hisamend-
ment had I not been paired with the Senator
fro in Kentucky.
ORDKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to annoy the
Senate, but there is a question that has been
lying over for some days—the motion to recon-
sider the vote on the bill granting relief to
Chicago, which I should like to have the Sen-
ate decide. I ask that it be taken up and
voted on this morning, if it can be done.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business not being yet concluded, it now re-
quires unanimous consent. When the morn-
ing business shall have been concluded, if the
Senator obtains the floor he can move to take
up that bill, when it will require only a major-
ity vote. Does the Senator ask unanimous
consent?
Mr. LOGAN. I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, but
I wish to introduce a bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be taken up, and
then laid aside to allow the morning business
to be finished.
Mr. LOGAN. I will do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the bill is before the Senate. It is
before the Senate ; and now the Senator from
Illinois yields for morning business. Reports
from committees are still in order. If thfere
are none, the introduction of bills is next in
order.
Mr. CONKLING. I rose not liking to inter-
rupt the Senator from Illinois, but to say that
I desire at some convenient moment to call up
the resolution that lies on the table which I
presume wilt take but a moment, relative to
the enrollment of the apportionment, bill. The
amendment of the Senate has been concurred
in by the House of Representatives, and the
Senate is apprised of that concurrence, and I
suppose the proper course will be to give direc-
tion to the Enrollment Committee. I take it
nobody will object to it, and it can be done in
a moment by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it gives rise
to debate it had perhaps better lie over until
one o'clock, when the unfinished business can
be set aside.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 567) for the relief of Miles Greenwood;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 568) to authorize the transfer of
Alonzo E. Miltimore; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 509) for the relief of Thomas B. Wallace,
of Lexington, in the State of Missouri; which
was read twice by its title, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 570) transferring certain powers and duties
to the Department of. Justice and providing a
seal therefor; which was read twice by itfl title,
referred to the Committao on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed. ,
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 571) to attach a portion of the Indian
territory to Kansas for judicial purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 572)
for the relief of S. D. Houston, late receiver
of public moneys at Junction City, in the State
of Kansas ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 573)
for the relief of J. A. Coffey; which was read
twice by it,s title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 574)
for the relinquishment of the title of the Uni-
ted States to certain lands therein named to
N. B. Blanton; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 575) to authorize the purchase of secured
obligations of the Real Estate Bank of Vir-
ginia; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire to state that I
offered a bill on this same subject in the early
part of the session. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Finance to that fact,
and to put this bill in the place of the one
previously offered on the same subject. I move
its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained. leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 576) increasing the compensation of let-
ter-carriers under the free-delivery system to
§1,200 per annum ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. KELLOGG. I had occasion to send
quite a number of petitions this morning and at
other times to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, from letter-carriers in the
city of New Orleans and other cities, asking
that their compensation be increased. I now
move to refer this bill to that committee, and
ask its early consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that the matter has been pretty fully consid-
ered by the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 577) to reestablish the branch mint at New
Orleans, and to restore the same to the city of
New Orleans; which was i-ead twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No. 578)
to relieve American-built, steamers and vessels
from import duties laid upon materials and
articles entering into their construction, re-
pair, and use; which was read twicc by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask unanimous consent
to take up a House bill relative to the registry
of a vessel. It passed the House at the last
session, and has been lying here since. The
vessel is lying at Savannah. The bill has been
before the Committee on Commerce and re-
ported back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Georgia asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. We have one bill up by
unanimous consent alleady.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not take
tip another bill until we dispose of the motion
my colleague made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 570) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Kearsarge ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 580) to encourage and promote telegraphic
communication between America, Asia, and
Europe; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. CONKLING. As the suggestion I
wished to make can take no time, with the
consent of the Senator from Illinois, I ask
now that the resolution in reference to the
enrollment of the apportionment bill be taken
up. If it is to be of any service at all, it must
be now, because the clerks are engaged in
enrolling the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution,
w.hich was submitted by Mr. Cosklixg ou the
30th of January:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That the joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills be directed to examine the bill (H.
R. No. 243) for the apportionment ot Representatives
to Congress among the several States according to
the ninth census, to correct a cleiical error m the
last section of the bill, by which section two of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution is referred
to as section one of that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not looked into
the history of the legislation. If the Senator
from New York has, and the thing can be
done in the way proposed 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been
done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it has teen done in
this way before, I have no objection.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
of the Secretary of War, recommending an
appropriation of $100,000 for ordnance and
ordnance stores in addition to what has been
asked for the fiscal year ending June 30,1070 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting, m compli-
ance with the requirements of section five of
the act approved April 21, 1808, in addition
to others previously sent January 24. a state-
ment of contracts made by the subsistence
department during the calendar year 1871;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
CHICAGO FIRE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 555) tor the relief of sufferers by tire at
Chicago is now before the Senate, and the
pending question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator froqi South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyef,,] to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the vote is taken
on the motion to reconsider I wish to say that
I hold in my hand several communications
from different parties on the subject of this
bill. One is dated Detroit. January 20 ;
Detroit, Michigan, January 23,1872.
Dr;.ir Sir:: Wo observe with surprise that a hill
has passed the House of Representatives for remis-
sion of duties on material useii m rebuilding Cmcag-o.
We do not know what our Representatives did to
prevent the passage of a biil so fraught with mis-
emef to theii constituent.-. „
It is a well-known f'ei that, the pineries of our
State and Wisconsin suffered severely by the devas-
tating: fires of last fall, one firm alone, that oi J. h.
Wood- & Co., of Lexington, Miohuan. losing soOWM)
in timber. It is estimated that under the mostiavor-
able conditions for getting in burnt.pine the loss to
the lower peninsula will be $lo,0tX>,(A u.
