m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
4'2d Gong....2d
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act repealing the Duty
on Tea and Coffee.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on and after the first
day of July next tea and coffee shall be placed on
the free list, and no farther import duties shall
be collected upon the satne. And_ all tea and
coffee which may be in the publio stores or
bonded warehouses on said first day of July
shall be subject to no duty upon the entry
thereof for consumption, and all tea and coffee
remaining in bonded warehouses on said first
day of July, upon which the duties shall have
been paid, shall be entitled to a refund of the
duties paid.
Approved, May 1, 1872.
Chap. CXXXII.—An Act supplementary to
an Act entitled "An Act to Incorporate the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid
in the Construction of its Road, and for
other purposes," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enactedby the Senate andHouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the name, style, and
title of the Texas Pacific Railroad Company
shall hereafter be "The Texas and Pacific
Railway Company ;" and the said The Texas
and Pacific Railway Company shall have, pos-
sess, and enjoy all the rights, privileges, and
franchises heretofore conferred upon the said
Texas Pacific Railroad Company.
Sec. 2. That the said The Texas and Pacific
Railway Company shall have power and
authority to issue the construction and land
bonds authorized by the eleventh section of
said act of incorporation, for such amounts,
not exceeding forty thousand dollars per mile
of said road, of construction bonds, as said
company may deem needful to provide for the
construction and equipment of its line, and to
include in the mortgage or mortgages to secure
said construction bonds all or any portion of
the lands granted in aid of the construction of
said railroad ; and in the mortgage or mort-
gages to secure said land bonds, any portion
of said lands not so used to secure the con-
struction bonds aforesaid ; and all or any por-
tion of the lands acquired by the terms of con-
solidation lawfully authorized by the fourth
section of said act of March third, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, with any railroad
company or companies to whom grants of land
may have been made, or may hereafter be
made, by any congressional, State, or terri-
torial authority, or who may have purchased
the same previous to any such arrangement or
consolidation, and within the time limited for
the completion of the road, and all such lands
of every description shall be subject to all
limitations and conditions now by law exist-
ing in relation thereto, and as modified'by
this act; and this act shall not be construed
to revive, enlarge, extend, or create any land
grant whatever, beyond that heretofore granted
by Congress, and which shall duly inure to
said company upon compliance with the terras
of this act m relation to the times fixed for
completion of said railway, and all such mort-
gages shall be subject, to all the conditions and
limitations by law existing under this act and
the acts to which it is supplementary in respect
to such lands, and shall not be held to vast any
title in the mortgage or create any Hen on sucli
lands', other than such company is or may
become lawfully entitled to vest or create
thereunder ; but thi* amount ofsaid land bonds
shall not exceed two and a half dollars per
acre for all lands covered by the mortgage or
mortgages securing the same.
Sec. 3. That all the mortgages made and
executed by said railroad company shall be
filed and recorded in the Department of the
Interior, which shall be a sufficient evidence
of their legal execution: Provided, That the
aforesaid bonds and the authorized capital
stock, or the proceeds thereof, shall be applied
only for the purpose of securing the construc-
tion, operation, and equipment of the con-
templated railroad line, under lawful contracts
with such parties, and on such terms and con-
ditions as said company may deem needful,
andforthefurtherpurposeof purchase, consol-
idation, completion, equipment, and operating
of the other roads, as contemplated by said
act and specified therein, being a part of the
aforesaid railroad line, and for the expenses
necessary and incident to the works authorized
thereby: Provided, however, That said road
and its equipment shall be of the standard
heretofore required by the United States Gov-
ernment for the existing Pacific railway lines:
And provided further, That said mortgage or
mortgages shall in nowise impair or affect any
lien existing on the property of said company
or companies at or before the time of such
consolidation.
Sec. 4. That said road shall be constructed
of iron or steel rails manufactured from Amer-
ican ore, except such as may have been con-
tracted for before consolidation by any rail-
road company which may be purchased by or
consolidated with this company.
Sec. 5. That the said Texas and Pacific
Railway Company shall commence the con-
struction of its road ator near Marshall, Texas,
and proceed with its construction, under the
original act and this supplement, or in pur-
suance of the authority derived from any con-
solidation as aforesaid, westerly from a point
near Marshall, and towards San Diego, in the
State of California, on the line authorized by
the original act, and so prosecute the same as
to have at least one hundred consecutive miles
of railroad from said point complete and in
running order within two years after the pas-
sage of this act; and so continue to construct,
each year thereafter, a sufficient number of
miles, not less than one hundred, to secure
the completion of the whole line, from the
aforesaid point on the eastern boundary of the
State of Texas to the bay of San Diego, in the
State of California, as aforesaid, within ten
years after the passage of this act; and said
road from Marshall, Texas, throughout the
length thereof, shall be of uniform gauge:
Provided, however, That the said company
shall commence the construction of said road
from San Diego eastward within one year
from the passage of this act, and construct
not less than ten miles before the expiration
of [the] second year, and, after the second
year, not less than twenty-five miles per annum
in continuous line thereafter between San
Diego and the Colorado river until the junc-
tion is formed with the line from the east at
the latter point or east thereof; and upon
failure to so complete it, Congress may adopt
such measures as it may deem necessary and
proper to secure its speedy completion; and
it shall also be lawful for said company to
commence and prosecute the construction of
its line from any other point or points on its
line ; but nothing in this act contained shall
be so construed as to authorize the grant of
any additional lands or subsidy, of any nature
or kind whatsoever, on the partof the Govern-
ment of the United States: Provided, That
said Texas and Pacific Railway Company shall
be, and it is hereby, authorized and required
to construct, maintain, control, and operate a
road between Marshall, Texas, andShreveport,
Louisiana, or control and operate any exist-
ing road between said points, of tlie same
gauge as the said Texas and Pacific railroad ;
and that all roads terminating at Shreveport
shall have the right to make the same running
connections, and shall be entitled to the same
privileges, for the transaction of business
m connection with the said Texas and Pacific
railway, as are granted to roads intersecting
therewith : Provided further, That nothing
herein shall be construed as changing the
terminus of said Texas and Pacific railway
from Marshall as provided in the original act.
Sec. 6. That all acts or parts of acts incon-
sistent, with this supplement be, and the same
are are hereby, repealed.
Approved, May 2, 1872.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act to amend an Act
approved February twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, amending an Act
approved May thirty-one, eighteen hundred
and seventy, entitled "An Act to enforce the
Rights of Citizens of the United States to
Vote in the several States of this Union, and
for other purposes."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section nineteen of
an act to amend an act approved May thirty-
first, eighteen hundred and seventy, entitled
"An act to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this Union, and for other purposes," and
amended act approved February twenty eighth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, shall be,
aud hereby is, amended so as to read as fol-
lows: "Sec. 19. That all votes for Represent-
atives in Congress shall hereafter be by written
or printed ballot, any law of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding; and all votes re-
ceived or recorded contrary to the provisions
of this see ion shall be of none effect: Pro-
vided, That this section shall not apply to any
State voting otherwise whose elections for said
Representatives shall occur previous to the
regular meeting of its Legislature next after
the approval of said act.
Appboved, May 3, 1872.
Chap. CXL.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial
Expenses of the Government for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the service of the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed, namely :
legislative.
Senate.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
four hundred thousand dollars. And the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
be, and they are hereby, authorized to settle
and adjust the accounts of the Secretary of
the Senate for compensation and mileage of
Senators up to and including the third day of
March, eighteen hundred and seventy two;
and that hereafter the fiscal year for the adjust-
ment of such accounts shall extend to and
include the third day of July.
For the compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the Senate, viz : Sec-
retary of the Senate, four thousand three hun-
dred said twenty dollars; officer charged with
disbursements of the Senate, five hundred and
seventy-six dollars; chief clerk, three thou-
sand dollars, and the additional sum of one
thousand dollars while the said office is held
by the present incumbent, and no longer;
principal clerk, principal executive clerk, min-
