8444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
one remark on this amendment, and it applies
to the bill generally. It provides for more
officers and more inspectors than any bill of
the kind I have ever seen. We are to have
an officer to inspect in every port, at every
manufacturing establishment, and at every
place where they make iron, and you have
taken the resposibility off the steamboat men
entirely and put it on the inspectors. The
Government officers under this bill have got
to bear the responsibility if there are any
mishaps.
Mr. CORBKTT. The Senator is mistaken
in that. This is substantially the old law re-
stored. The steamboat men objected to this,
and wanted other provisions made, which the
committee would not agree to.
Mr. POMKROY. This bill will suit the
steamboat men very well. That is my judg-
ment about it. Those whom I call steamboat
men are the captains and men who run them.
Mr. CORBlifT. They object to the pro-
vision we have put in here, which we think is
better than what they wanted.
Mr. POMEROY. Then, again, you have
provided that they may substitute wooden life-
boats for metallic life boats, and that ought
never to he done. They never should be
allowed to have anything but metallic life-
boats. The galvanized-iron life-boats are the
only ones fit-to be used, and the only ones that
ought ever to be used; and yet 1 observe in
this bill that the inspector, at his pleasure, is
to allow them to substitute wooden for iron
life-boats.
Mr. CORBETT. In some cases on the
rivers that is the case; but 1 think on the
ocean, as a general thing, the Senator will find
the bill is properly guarded in that respect.
Mr. iUORIilLL, of Vermont. 1 ask my
friend if he does not think in case the session
is prolonged much longer we shall be without
a quorum? [Laughter.j
Mr. CORBlilT. There are plenty here.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think there is
the least danger of that. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Th'ere is a
large number here now, I know. [Laughter.]
ilr. CHANDLER. And a large number
are coming in. [Laughter.J
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am a little
apprehensive that theie will not be a quorum
utter awhile.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the thirty-sixth
section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion thirty-seven ill the following words:
Sicc. 37. That every audi plate of boiler-steel or
iiou made tor use m tilo construction of steam
vessels' boitcis be dmtniGI ly ;uid permanently
stamped by the inaiiutdoturer thereof, at the diago-
nal corners. ;it a distance ol ;ibout Jour inches iroai
the cellos, and also about the middle ut the sheer, us
Jollows, to wit: on all steel [dittos with the name ot'
the uiiuiutacturer and the place ol uianutacl are, and,
it dt^ireu, the name ol the worUs or trade-in,uk may
be stamped; and m addition .-halt bo stamped v\itn
the lollowiug minks, indicating the untraeLer and
tensile strength ot the plates per squaie inch ol sec-
tion:
f c. c. s.—2-10 "I (is.s.—2-10) (s.s.—2-10)
)   > or J  r or "l    r or
I 70 J I 7U j I 71) j
J s.M—2
t 70
0
-2-10
I 70
j c. ,S, -
,j 
0
T
-JO}
~r
(s.c. 1'.—2-10)
1 lie first stamp, C. C. i:\, indicating ci ucible east steel
having less than two tenths ol one per cent,, of
carbon, and having a tensile strength ot' seventy
thousand pounds (or buch other number of thou-
sands of pounds at, the manufacturer shall guaranty)
pur square inch ol section with the frram ot the
plate ; the other .stamps indicating, Ji. S. lor 13essc-
inei fctccl, S. S. lor srmi-.-jieol, fc>. Al. loi Seinn-n;—
M.wlin .-feel, and C. S. lor chronic steel; S. O. P.
indicating steel carbonized in sind worked directly
iroiu the puduling-lui naue ; the two tenths, indicat-
ing in eueii case that the sited contains less than two
tenths of one per cent, of carbon, and the other
figures the number ot thousands ol pounds tensile
strain, with the giam <>t the plate, the .-tcel is gu.u-
autied by the manutactuier to sustain prior to actual
Us>e in a >team-boiler; and on all i on plates there
fchall be siampeU t!ie name oi the manulacturei and
$.tie place of manufacture; and if desired, the name
of the works or trade-mark may be stamped, and in
addition shall be stamped with the following marks,
indicating the character and t.ensiio strength of the
plates per square inch of section, namely:
{ °* 53 U*} lefcters denoting wholly charcoal pig iron
worked solely under the hammeruntil it receives Us
final and only rolling; and the figures indicating
the number of thousand pounds (fifty-five thousand
pounds) of such other number of thousand pounds
tensile stength, when tested with the grain of the
plate, which the plates are guarantied to sustain by
the manufacturer, prior to the actual uso in a steam
boiler.
{C* 55H" } lcfctersdenotiiigcharcoaliron,doubleor
treble worked, figures indicating as before.
\ ° " 55 S *} denoting that the top and bottom
of tho pile are of eharcoal-hammcred blooms, and
the filling of the pile of select scrap iron, figures
indicating as before.
{ °55r*} letters" denoting that the plates are rolled
from wholly charcoal blooms, or from piled charcoal
bars, figures indicating as before.
{V-} letters denoting iron from admixtures of
charcoal, iron either hammered or piled, and pud-
dled iron, figures indicating as before.
{ K50*'} liters denoting refined Puddled iron, either
from rolled bars or hammered or rolled blooms, and
treblo worked.
Whenever the cross -1- (plus) is placed betwoen
tho letters of stamp, thus:
(c.-f-H.H.). (C.-f-H.a) ( C.-i-H. ) ( C5. + l . )
nirrnr}
this additional symbol indicates that coke iron or
blooms hnvo boon imed in t ho pi «eo of ehareoul iron
or blooms in the different kinds of iron described
above; and whenever the dash —is placed betwoen
tho letters of tho st.imp, thus:
this additional symbol indicates (hat anthracite
iron or blooms have been used in tho place of char-
coal iron or blooms in the dillerent kinds of iron
described above. No ottier kind of puddled-iron
plates shall boused in tho manufacture of boilers
lor steam vessels than indicated by thestamp (u. p.)
as above; and such other valuable inventions or
processes of manufacture ol iron or steel suitable
lor boiler material shall be indicated by a formula
and stamp coiresponding to those provided for in
this section, as the Secietary of the Treasury and
the Secretary of tho Navy shall, from time to time,
prescribe; and all foreign iron or steel plates for
use m the construction of such steam-vessel boilers
shall be stamped in accordance with tho piovisions
of this section, and any importer or dealer in such
iron, or steel, or plates, shall be subject to the pen-
alties imposed by the provisions ot this act in re-
spect to Iraud or deception in t ho character, quality,
orgrade of the plates so imported. NutneralsNo.l,
No. 2, No. 3, &c., may be added to indicate tho
grade of iron of the several characters indicated
by tho stamp; and all such stamps shall be deemed
a guarantee by the manufacturer that the plates are
ot the character and quality represented.
And in ltuu thereof to insert:
Skc. 37. That every such plate of boiler-iron or
steel made lor uso in the construction of boilers for
steam vessels, and which shall besubjcctto a tensile
strain when so used, shall be distinctly and pcima-
nently stamped by the manufacturer thereof, whieh
slamp shall beinadeupon not less than three places
of every such plate, giving the name ol themanuiae-
turcr, the place where manufactured, and the num-
ber of pounds of tensile st mm it will bear to the sec-
tional squaie inch; and time shall also be stamped
upon such plater- such other marks, denoting the
quality ol the plates, as may be prescribed by the
boaid of supervising inspectors and approved by the
Secretaiy of the Treasuiy; and the inpectors shall
keep a record in their office of the stamps upon all
boiler-plates, and boilers made under tho pio visions
of this act, winch they shall inspect.
Mr. POMEROY. If you are going to sub-
ject the manufacturer to all those provisions,
you have got to protect liini Willi a high lai'ill'.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
eight, line sixteen, after the word "fraud," to
strike out the words " or deception."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section
thirty-eight the following proviso:
Provided, That this section shall not relieve the
owner or owners ot any ste.un vessel horn liability
in damages to any person who may be injured or
damaged by explosion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wjjs in section thirty-
nine, line one, to stiike out the word "two"
before " mouths "^nd insert " six ;" aud iu
line six, after the word "exceed," to sink?)
out " one fifth " and insert "one sixtli j" so
as to read:
That after six months from the passage of this aot
no iron or steel plates shall be used in the construc-
tion of boilers for steam vessels Unless they have
boon stamped and approved in accordance with tho
provisions of this act; and the working steam-press-
ure allowable on such boilers when single-riveted
shall not produce a strain to exceed one sixth of the
stamped tensilo strength of the iron or steel plates
of which such boilers aro constructed; but where
the longitudinal laps of tho cylindrical parts of such
boilers are doublo-rivcted, an addition of twenty
percent, to the working pressure provided for single-
riveting may be allowed ; and if ill addition to tho
double-rivotin  of such seams the rivot-holes aro
fairly drilled instead of punched, an addition of
twenty-live per cent, to tho working pressure of
siuglo-rivoting may be allowed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line eighteen, to strike out "three fourths"
and insert " two thirds;" in line nineteen, after
the word '"pressure," insert "applied;" in line
twenty-one, after the word "exceeding," strike
out_ "twelve thousand pounds" and insert
"nine thousand two hundred pounds on boil-
ers made of iron so as to make the proviso
read:
Provided, That all other parts of Buch boilers shall
correspond in strength to tho additional allowances
so made. And in iron boilers already constructed
with siugle-rivotod seams, tho working pressure
allowed shall bo two thirds tho hydrostatic test
pressure applied; in no oaso, however, shall the
working pressure allowed produce a tensilo strain
per sectional squaro inch exceeding nine thousand
two bundled pounds on boilers made of iron, and
thirteen thousand pounds on boilers ma.de of steel;
but in oaso of doublo riveting of tho longitudinal
seams an addition ot twenty per cent, may bo added
to tho working pressure allowed for single-riveted
seams ; and it in addition to tho double rivoting of
such seams tho rivet holes aro lairly drilled instead
of punched an addition of twenty-live per cent, to
tho working pressure for single riveting may bo
allowed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOIUULL, of Vermont. I ask the
distinguished Senator wlio lias this bill in
charge, as this seems to refer to boilers made
of iron, what the test is of boilers not made of
iron V
Mr. CORBKTT. There is a higher test of
boilers made of steel plates. That is provided
lor in the bill
Mr. POMEROY. It requires a test of
thirteen thousand pounds on boilers made of
steel. I never knew of a steel boiler.
Mr. CORBEi'T. There are a few made of
steel.
Mr. POMEllOY. As the bill stands, it is
nine thousand two hundred pounds on boilers
made of ii oil, and thirteen thousand pounds
on boilers made of steel.
Mr. MORUILL, of'Vermont. There is another
term there that 1 do not, fully understand.
What is the exact meaning of "tensile
strength?" 1 desire the Senator from Oiegon
to explain the exact meaning of the phrase as
there used,
Mr. CORBETT. I think tho tensile strength
is a test by which a machine is applied to test
the strength of the boiler plate and see the
strength of its parts—a machine prepared for
that, purpose. So lam informed by those better
acquainted with it than 1 am. I can refer tho
Senator to the same gentleman from whom I
obtained my information and who satislied mo
that this was proper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The explan-
ation is perfectly clear. 1 am satislied.
The next, amendment was iu section thirty-
nine, line thirty-four, to strike out the word
"or," between "owner" and "master," aud
insert "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in the same sec-
tion, line forty-eight, after the word "safety-
valve," to strikeout "unless the arrangement
is such as to preclude the possibility of shut-
ting off the communication of any boiler with
the safety-valve or valves employed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was iu line sixty, sec-
