1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
therance of the same, come to us and say they
fear their business will not be remunerative;
that they want to put more ships on their line,
but want to take no risks themselves, and be-
fore embarking in the contemplated enter-
prise ask of the people's Representatives to
grant them a sum of money that will insure
them against loss in their venture. And,
Mr. Chairman, they ask it of us, who ought
to be the guardians of the people's rights,
the trustees of the funds wrung from them
by the strong, hard hand of taxation. They
come not to us, I say, and ask us to put our
hands in our own pockets, as we would have
a right to do, and furnish them a fund to
insure thera against loss, but they come and
in the most insolent and daring manner de-
mand of us a gratuity out of the trust fund
under our control. And, Mr. Chairman, observ-
ing the manner in which this demandhaa been
met in this House, the able advocates it has
found, I feel that we ought to congratulate
ourselves on the fact that $500,000,000 instead
of $500,000 has not been asked by this cor-
poration ; for certainly there has been no ar-
gument as yet presented to this House that
would not justify the giving of the one sum as
well as the other.
I was glad on yesterday to hear the gentle-
man from' Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] pro-
claim to the world the truth he did, that the
people of this country were to-day the most
heavily taxed of any people on earth, for it is
always best to know the truth; and while they
will bear this taxation to sustain their Govern-
ment, I warn gentlemen on this floor that they
are becoming aroused to their interests, and
will not consent that the heavy taxes thus
wrung from their hard earnings shall be given
away by their Representatives to enrich an
already over-grown and subsidized corpora-
tion.
When we object to this gift we are told by
learned men on this floor that England has
granted §2,500,000 in the way of subsidies to
control the trade of the East; and this is a scare-
crow to force us to grant the subsidy here asked
for. I say to gentlemen they are mistaken when
they attempt to frighten us by such appeals.
Let old Britain oppress her subjects if she
will; let her Government rob the people if it
dare ; let it take taxes levied for the support of
the Government to enrich corporations to con-
trol the trade of the Pacific if it has not the fear
of the people before its eyes; but, Mr. Chair-
man, do not let us, the Representatives of free
America, be frightened from our duty to our
constituents by such appeals as these, and let
us not follow in the wrongs of English legisla-
tion by providing for the interests of the few
against the wants of the many. Mr. Chair-
man, does it help my constituents that the
corporation asking the gift from them in part
of the sum of $500,000 shall run one ship or
two a mouth to China or Japan ? It is profita-
ble to the corporation and a few merchants,
and all the rest of the people must pay for it;
and that corporation in all its organized wealth
and power is here even within these Halls by
its agent, urging its ex parti case against the
people, and we find upon the floor of this
House the accredited agents of that people
abandoning their rights and urging the claims
of those who are sucking the life-blood of the
nation.
Pending before this House is a proposition
to grant to the Central Pacific railroad the
island of Yerba Buena, in the harbor of San
Francisco. It belongs as yet to the people.
It is worth a large sum of money ; how much
we know not; but be it much or little, the title
is in the people. But we find the same men
who favor this gift also in- favor of the
grant to the railroad company of this island;
and what is more and more outrageous still,
Mr. Chairman, both the subsidy and grant are
claimed in the high-sounding title of the inter-
est of commerce, and all the eloquence in
behalf of one can as well be indulged in in
behalf of the other, and has been in the advo-
cacy of the two claims before this House ; and,
Mr. Chairman, there has not been a steal
before this House, inaugurated for land grant
pr subsidy, that the same speeches we have
heard here in behalf of this amendment will
not apply with equal force to that.
Mr. Chairman, I appeal to members here to
pause and consider well their course before
by their votes they take from the people the
$500,000 here asked for and put the same in
the pockets of a giant corporation. Those
who vote it will find friends and flatterers by
the score in all the corridors of this Capitol.
But away from here, where the people's voice
cau be heard, they will most certainly hear a
cry of indignation that will reverberate through-
out this land, and bury them so deep beneath
the wrath of an outraged people that the trump
of Gabriel will scarce awake them.
Mr. FA.RNSWORTH. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw his amendman't, and I will
renew it.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the follow-
ing amendment as a substitute for the pending
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows;
Five hundred thousand dollars : Provided, The
steamship company shall perforin such service
semi-monthly, and may perform said service in ships
of foreign construction.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
which I raised before, that this changes exist-
ing law.
The CHAIRMAN. Does it change exist-
ing law any more than the amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Congeb?]
Mr. CONGER. On the point of order I
desire to say that by the laws of the United
States we may register 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe a point
of order is not debatable.
Mr. SARGENT. I make this point of
order, that the law of the United States re-
quires, in order to a registry, that ships shall
be of American construction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is well aware
of that, but if this amendment were adopted
and became a law it would not change existing
law. If the company employ ships of foreign
construction they must comply with existing
laws in order to do it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to test the
sense of the committee before we take a vote
on the original amendment, as to_ whether it
is not better to allow this steamship company
to purchase ships abroad where they can buy
them cheapest for the service, and thus save
to the Treasury of the United States the other
half million which it is proposed to take out,
than to take the money from the Treasury for
the sentimental purpose—for it is merely a
matter of sentiment—of floating the flag on a
ship of American construction.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not time.
Mr. SARGENT. It will not occupy a
moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot answer
conundrums in five minutes, but I will hear
the gentleman's question.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to ask the gentle-
man, if in good faith he wishes to aid the line,
why he proposes to stop with the appropria-
tion in the bill; why he does not make an
appropriation of some amount greater than
the amount which has been given during the
last five years?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because the $500,-
000 which the company now receives, if it may
be allowed to purchase foreign ships to per-
form the semi-monthly trips, will be worth
more tothecompany than that $500,000 is now,
when we compel them as we do to perform the
service in American ships. It may be better
for the company to make serai-mofithly trips,
with an appropriation of $500,000 if it may
be allowed -to purchase ships where it can pur-
chase them the cheapest, than to be compelled
to make monthly trips in American ships with
an appropriation of $500,000.
Yes, sir; the only reason why we cannot
compete, the only reason why we cannot
grasp this trade without subsidizing it, is
because we cannot have ships cheap enough.
Everybody understonds that it is because we
cannot put ships upon the ocean as cheap as
the English can. It is because their ships cost
them not more than fifty per cent, of what it
costs our builders to manufacture iron ships,
on account of the high price of iron and other
materials which enter into the construction of
ships, and the high price of the labor which
is required to manufacture them. That is all
there is in this question of subsidies.
Now, sir, I want to grasp the commerce of
those old nations. I do not want to see this
line go down. I will go as far as the farthest
to assist in maintaining this, line and in doub-
ling the trips, but I first want to see whether it
is not more economical and better statesman-
ship for us to allow this company to go and
buy their ships where they can buy them
cheap, and thus save to the Treasury this half
million which we are asked to pay with one
hand, while it is taken from them by our pro-
tective policy with the other. That is the the-
ory and philosophy of this amendment. Sir,
we are robbing Peter to pay Paul. You are
taxing the people with one hand to pay a sub-
sidy, or to pay a tariff to the men who are the
subjects, the beneficiaries of your tariff, in
order to maintain this line, when we might
avoid it all by allowing the line to go and pur-
chase vessels where they are manufactured
at a cheap rate, and put them on their route.
Let us save our subsidies and maintain our
commerce. Is not that the best statesman-
ship ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Fabxswokth] resolves itself into this: that the
people of the United States shall pay $500,000
a year to still further encourage foreign nations
in carrying the trade of the American people
rather than encourage American-built ships.
His amendment looks to paying a bounty of
$500,000 to ships sailing under a foreign flag
and carrying our trade. That is all of it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Committee on
Commerce, at whose suggestion I reported
this amendment, and this House, and the
whole country, and the whole press of the
country,have been considering forthelast four
or five years the condition of American com-
merce, and the condition of the American car-
rying trade of that commerce, and they find
all over the oceans our commerce prostrated,
our carrying trade lost. We, the third nation
in a commercial point of view on the face of
the globe, are outstripped in the carrying trade
by dozens of the minor nations of the earth,
and there seems to be no remedy. Three years
ago Congress, in its wisdom and with the ap-
proval of the whole country, and without a
word of complaint from the people of any
State, or from any newspaper within my
knowledge in any State, made an appropria-
tion of §500,000 to this steamship company,
to encourage them in gaining to American
commerce the carrying trade of the Paeific.
That experiment has worked well. _ We have
gained the carrying trade of the Pacific. Oar
ships carry the commerce between the Old
World and the New on that ocean.
This is no pioneer movement. It is an in-
crease of this postal estimate of $500,000 for
an increase of service. We double the esti-
mate and we double the service. It is a fair
valuation for fair service, and it is not anything
new. , r-.
The gentleman from Massachusetts LMr.
Butler] desires to call the attention of the
House to things, and not to theories; to fadts,
