2550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
has been under Republican control since 1861.
The giving character to events, forming pub-
lic morals, encouraging virtue, making vice
and immorality odious, compellingrogues, ras-
cals, iuul criminals to flee from public indig-
nation into obscurity, have all been within
their keeping. What is more, what distin-
guishes them in this particular and subjects
them in ejse of failure to just animadversion
and greater condemnation, is the fact that they
made broad their phylacteries, shouting with
pharisaical if not pious zeal that they were
•'the party of great moral ideas." Excuse them
if you will during the war and during Johnson's
administration; what have you t.o say of our
history, of the conduct of the Government
officials, since the advent of the present in-
cumbent, of the White House? How have these
Republicans fulfilled their pledges? I take
their own words. They chaiacterized the sit-
uation of affairs at the last Chicago conven-
tion. and promised the needed reform. This
resolution was in their platform:
"The Government of the United States should bo
aduiinistt-rcd with tho sti ictoc-fc economy; and tho
corrn ptions wh ich have been so .shamefully nursed
and fostered by Andrew Johnson call loudly for
radical relorui."
Jn this resolution two things are most dis-
tinctly enunciated: first, the necessity for the
stiiclest economy, and secondly, the exist-
ence, of the most "shameful" coiruption.
Thus the Republicans began the present ad-
ministration, the third one in succession of
their asccndaucy. With this cry their power
is continued in every branch. The guards,
sentinels, ami watchmen are all Republicans.
Not a dollar is seen or handled by Democrats
unul it lias first been blessed or polluted by
the chosen servants of Republicans. And yet,
notwithstanding their resolution at Chicago
promising the strictest, economy and admit-
ting the most shameful corruption, after three
years of undisturbed possession, and during
all these years in the midst of profound peace,
the cry for civil service reform has cotne up
from every section, and the necessity for it
has been moat unqualifiedly and undisgnisedly
admitted by this House m ordering a commit-
tee on civil service reform by the Senate in
various resolutions, by both branches of Con-
gress in making appropriations, and by the
President in sundry messages. Nothing more
need be said to show the most frightful con-
dition of the Administration.
Wliat, sir, is all this but an open confession
of failure and incapacity? How can the
American people fail to road in all this the
total unfitness of the present party to govern ?
But what is most amazing, what gives evi-
dence of the supremest audacity, with all the
evidences of incapacity upon their lips, and
guilt upon their skirts, in that they are about
to ask for future confidence.
But, sir, my contention is that there is no
nee ssity for any additional legislation or re-
straint upon anv branch of the Government,
nor for the enlargement, of the powers of any,
fo preserve ihe civil service m this country as
pure arid free from corruption, prodigality,
and crime as any nation would be proud of, as
pure as any individual would have, bis own
private affairs. The powers of every branch
are ample, the restiaints and limitations com-
plex. 'Ihe President and Senate name and
approve of all the incumbents. They have the
power of removing. Let these juit and right-
eous lavvo be exercised vnt.li tirmuess, with
mi ait'. lit'g vigor. Let the dicates of honesty
be s.iciedly observed, and iniquity wiil seldom
be known.
A commission has been appointed, consisting
of three persons, at a large salary, to secure
competitive examination, in the hope of frus-
trating the designs of the ignorant, the tin
worthy, and the vicious. But your coin mission
Will be in vain. It is a mockery. They can
weave no web or net that will catch or entangle
the criminal. Whatever their aim tnay be, in
reality thej can only judge of intellectual
acquirements and outward appearances. Our
present embarrassments come not from that
quarter. Our political misfortunes spring
from the corruption, the wickedness of the
human heart, not from the defects or de-
formities of the mind. This curse no civil
service board, no amount of legislation, will
reach. The brightest, acutest competitor may
often prove himself to be the blackest villain.
Corruption, like perfidy, laughs at commis-
sions, examinations, and laws. Regulations
are its toys, its agents, its easy stepping-stones.
Who are the men that have disgraced the
country by their infamy? If I were to name
them, would not the catalogue give abundant
proof of a fair measure of ability in all respects
except the ability to be honest?
What ordeal, what set of rules, would such
men not pass? I therefore assert that it is
not intellectual, but moral acquirements or
perfections, that the country requires in her
civil service. The heart, more than the head,
is wrong in every instance of fraud or crime.
From the heart proceeds all manner of lying
and deceit.
The Republicans had a proper conception,
it may be, of what the country demanded
when they undertook the administration of the
Government, in claiming to be '* the party of
great moral ideas." Upon their part that
was a bold assumption, and, judging by the
rcco d they have made, a shameful mockery.
Individuals and the country will hence learn
that there is a vast distinction between moral
ideas and moral sentiments or emotions, be-
tween brain-work and heart-work. The
Republican party may have in its puhlic
career shown its intellectual power and acu-
men, but audacious will be the man that
claims for it any great degree of progress or
stability in morality. -There is virtue as well
as intelligence in their ranks, but simple in-
telligence soon learned the art of keeping vir-
tue in the background. Virtue is left out of
the public heart, so that simple intelligence,
like a Tamerlane or other conquerors, goes
blindly where either ambition or corruption
may lead.
The practices, so wicked, exhibiting such
universal depravity and so threatening to the
liberties of the people, do not arise from the
system adopted by our fathers and bequeathed
to us, but, from the base prostitution of the
high powers that that system, in its ordinary
operations by the eleciion, conferred on the
party in power. The abomination which has
awakened both alarm and disgust, which has
induced many to believe a republican form
of government cannot be maintained while
men are constituted as we now behold them,
lies in the Administration and not in the organ.
The play is perfect in all its parts, but the
performance, in Republican hands, excites
loathing and horror. The mind revolts at the
unseemly attitude of the actors. The body
is perfect in simplicity, in symmetry, in beauty,
in harmony, in the development of strength,
of vigor and elasticity ; but the keepers have
so shamefully daubed, discolored, and marred
it, that had it not been once committed to
other and noble hands, had it not had other
days of trial, hud it not long before made a
history both as brilliant and enduring as the
most precious metal, we should not only bow
m confusion, but acknowledge the last effort
of man at self-government a failure.
Sir, the keepeis of the jewel are at fault.
The sin lies at their door. In their hands all
these iniquities have arisen and been tolerated.
They have foifeited their high tiust. Why,
then, should wo not charge the guilt upon
them? Why should i.ot their backs feel the
infliction and carry the stripes?
For one, 1 am not willing that they should
escape from their own unrighteousness, under
ihe pretense of civil service reform. Four
years ago Andrew Johnson was ihe scape-goaf.
The innumerable evils from which the people
had suffered were all charged to the poor
Tennessee tailor. Then the system was not
at fault. They did not insist upon new rules
that would afford competitive examinations;
they only urged a change of Administration.
I now insist that the system is not at fault.
Our forefathers wisely adjusted it. It affords
us complete protection when in competent
hands, because it is then faithfully adminis-
tered. The fault is with the party in power.
Their moral ideas have failed ihem in the hour
of peril. What is that man or that party worih
who, though he or they denounce crime, still
harbor the criminal?
What shall we call this evil that so seriously
afflicts us? We can only call it avarice, the
embodiment and progenitor of almost all the
vices, villainies, curses, and crimes which
ruin the individual and overthrow nations. If
ever a people felt the full force of the expres-
sion that "the love of money is the root, of all
evil," the American people do to day. All
that we complain of so justly, suffer from so
severely, mid lament so bitteily, may be traced
to this fountain. Avarice is a thankless, heart-
less, remorseless tyrant. The hearts of so
many of our rulers, so many of the leaders in
society, are set upon making fortunes, that
lliey are not content with a competence; vast
sums are the objects of their ambition. Like
Achan, thc-ir love of gain, the greed of their
hearts—of the present Administration lead-
ers—overcomes all their ideas of morality,
overcomes all the commands of the people,
and they seize upon the wedge of gold and the
shining garment, so that ail the land is greatly
troubled ; and the first step in reform will be
to take these leaders and all their possessions
into the valley of Achor and there consign
them to eternal political death.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pot-
tur.]
Mr. POTTER. I intend to give this meas-
ure my vote. I have no idea that any restraint
which this House can put upon the interference
by members of Congress with the appointment
of the employes of the Government will en-
tirely remedy the evils in respect of the civil
service which are so sadly prevalent. In my
judgment something very much beyond such
restraint will be necessary, before these seri-
ous, universal, and long-continued evils can be
eradicated.
To effect that result it will, I think, be found
necessary to give to the people of the localities
the choice of all those officers who can prop-
erly be selected by localities; and beyond
that to give to the heads of the different De-
partments and branches of the Government
the selection of their own subordinates, while
at the same time the fullest respousibilty in
respect of the working of their Departments
is exacted from them. And beyond all that,
it must also, I think, be provided, as to most
of those who are appointed to office that if
they faithfully discharge their duties they shall
hold their offices for fixed terms without refer-
ence to their political opinions.
Nevertheless, I am in favor of the measure
now proposed by the committee as one step
toward the general reform which I hope some
day to see brought about. As the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Perry] said yesterday, the
bill will put the responsibility of appointments
to office where it belongs, and where tho Con-
stitution of the country, so far as it has made
any provision in respect of appointments to
office, intended it should be put.
For myself, I do not believe i>hat tiie power
of solicitation and recommendation to office
is of any advantage to a member of Congress.
It is true, I have never enjoyed ihe sweets of
appointing constituents to office; but whene-cr
I h.ive spoken of this power to gentlemen who
have enjoyed it, 1 have found them as a gen-
eral rule agreeing with me in thinking that
such patronage was of anything but service
to a member of Congress. Now and then
there is a man who has a sort of facility for
