758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
that the special order shall be called up now,
and I shall finish my remarks at some other
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will be entitled to the floor when the subject
shall be resumed before the Senate. The
Senate now passes to the consideration of the
unfinished business of yesterday.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhehson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 187) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes," approved July 18, I860; and
A bill (EL R. No. 891) to further regulate the
appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court,
and (o prevent delays therein.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 1002) to
admit certain machinery imported fiom for-
eign countries freo of duty.
The message also announced that the House
h 'l concurred in the resolution of tho Senate
instructing the Committee on Unrolled Bills
to eoirect an error in tlio text of the bill (H.
II. No. 213) for the apportionment of Repre-
sentatives among the several States according
to the ninth census.
KNKOI.LKD lill,1,8 SI(!N'M>.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of tho House had signed tlio follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A hill (II. H. No. 118(1) in relation to tho
embassy ftotn Japan ;
A hill (II. R. No. 10l'i'.i) to admit certain
machinery imported from foreign countries
free of dm y ;
A bill (II U. No. 24::) for the aportiooment.
of Representatives io Cungresi among the sev-
eral Stales according lo the ninth census ; and
A bill (S, No. -187) to exempt the. iron steam
ice boats conslrui'ted bv tin; cilv of Philadel-
phia from the inspection required bv the act
of February 28, 1871, entitled "An actio pro-
vide for the better security of life on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in purl by steam,
and for oilier purposes.''
I'OUTtDAI, imAMIMTTKS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (11. R. -No. ,'JHO) tin* the removal of
legal anil political disabilities imposed by the
third taction of the fourteenth article ofamend-
mentsto the Constitution of tho United Stales,
the pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Robertson', to postpone the bill and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (EX. R.
No. lOfiO) for the removal of legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the third section
ot the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of tho United States.
Mr. CARPISNTEli. Mr. President, 1 do
not intend to detain the Senate with any gen-
eral discussion of the merits of the amnesty
bill. I must say, however, in justice lo fny
own convictions, and 1 think 1 express the
feelings of my constituents, that 1 suit not
hungering and thirsting for the immediate
passage of this bill. 1 doubt very much the
policy or propriety of passing it at the present
time, but gentlemen with whom I act politic-
ally, and to whose judgment I defer, think
otherwise, and this bdl in some form is to be
passed, I suppose, at the present session.
It has been proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer] to put upon this
bill a declaration of certain civil rights. This
amendment, was resisted upon the ground that
it was out ol order, but the Chair lias decided
that it is a proper amendment to be put upon
this bill, and the two measures are now before
the Senate. Instead of there being an incom-
patibility between the two propositions, I think
there is very great propriety in their embodi-
ment in the same bill. I think it would go
far to reconcile that portion of the people who
are not anxious for the passage of an amnesty
bill to know that with it went a declaration of
civil rights which will protect the colored men
of the South. If the friends of this bill, if the
Democrats in both Houses of Congress, shall
support the bill with the amendment upon it,
it will pass by the requisite two-thirds vote,
and I am perfectly willing to make that a test
of the disposition and intention of those who
demand tho immediate passage of this bill of
general amnesty.
We all understand what the practical effect
of this bill is to be. It is really a bill to reen-
foree the Democratic party. And before we
do that, it is well for us to understand what is
the purpose, what is the intention of that party
toward colored men, and if they are not willing
to say, and if those who demand the passage
of this bill are not willing to guaranty to the
colored men the rights specified in this amend-
ment, then, as far as my vote is concerned, they
will wait for amnesty until they are willing.
I think the two measures should go together,
and [ think a vote of two thirds of both Houses
of Congress passing this amnesty bill, and the
declaration of civil rights which is to be put
upon it, would go with healing power to both
sections of the country. It would be regarded
as a just compromise in the northern parts of
the country where this amnesty bilf is not over-
popular, and the two acts going together ought
to he satisfactory to the South, and will he, if
the men who are to have the benefit of the
bill intend in good faith to carry out the policy
and enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment, and the legislation of Congress
under that amendment. I therefore do not
regret that this amendment is proposed. Let
both go to the country, if either goes, indorsed
by a two-thirds vote of both Houses.
We listened the other day to a very able
speech by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Scmnr/,,] in favor of universal amnesty, and
he informed us that, it was his intention, if
such motion should be made, to vole to strike
out all tho exceptions which are contained in
this bill. That speech did not much notice
tho present, condition of this country, but was
embellished by references to the history of
other countries. It is a peculiarity of that.
Senator's speeches that they are piepared as
; the disciples were commanded to make their
I prayers. That Senator does not trouble him-
| self with the mint, anise, and cummin of legis-
lation. But when some great question arises,
and tho debates in this Chamber have pro-
ceeded far enough in ignorance of fundamental
principles, when error has gone to the utmost
limit, of safety, when the dignity of the Senate
requires that, the troubled waters should be
assuaged, and light should be shed upon the
darkness, then the Senator from Missouri en-
ters into his closet and "shuts to the door."
The world, with its vulgar realities and prac-
tical things, is thus excluded, and the Sena-
i tor in the solitude of his owu reflections, in
1 the inspiration of his genius, and aided by
his great Ijterary attainments, conceives, com-
poses, revises, polishes, memorizes, and comes
into the Senate and delivers an essay which
he supposes to exhaust the subject, and which
is always accompanied with the declaration
that any one who may dissent, or any one who
proposes to accept his views with even the
slightest qualification, i3 wanting either in
patriotism or statesmanship. Such was the
speech that Senator delivered upon this sub-
ject. It was mi ex cathedra declaration of
pure theory, after which it is of no consequence
to him that the facts conflict with his theory.
If such conflict exists, it is the fault of the
facts. [Laughter.] When he has spoken, and
promulgated the pure philosophy of a subject,
the facts must either arrange themselves under
his theory, or be disregarded altogether, Rea-
soning from first principles, he arrives at the
conclusion that amnesty is the only remedy for
treason ; that to forgive rebels, and to forgive
them quickly and fully, so as to make the cup
of forgiveness flow over, is the only way to
enforce the statute against treason. That being
his theory, it is of no consequence with him
that every act of grace on the part of the Gov-
ernment heretofore extended has hardened the
hearts of southern rebels, and that the south-
ern States are still moist with the blood of
loyal men, and their peace disturbed by mid-
night violence. These vulgarfacts the Senator
from Missouri will not condescend to notice.
Mr. President, I do not see conclusive evi-
dences that the acts of grace and favor of the
Government toward the rebels of the South
have tended to win the people of those States
back to loyalty. There never was an instance
in which a Government dealt thus leniently
with rebels in arms. Notwithstanding a rebel-
lion which for four years shook the continent,
drenched the land with blood, desolated our
firesides, and filled the air with exclamations
of sorrow, not a man has been tried, con-
victed, and executed for treason. The only
mark of disapprobation that rests upon any
rebel, the only legal distinction to-day exist-
ing between the Union soldiers who fought to
preserve the Kenublic and the rebels who
fought to destroy it, is that which is imposed
by the fourteenth amendment, and that, is only
disqualification to hold office under a Govern-
ment they attempted to overturn, and that
mark of disapprobation—the last remaining
legal distinction between Generals Grant,
Sherman, and Sheridan, and Jefferson Davis—
the Senator from Missouri desires to remove.
These rebels can vote to-day, but they cannot
hold office ; and the Senator from Missouri
will be an unhappy man until the abettors and
ringleaders of the rebellion are put upon a par,
in every respect, with loyal men.
Mr. President., we must look this matter
honestly in the face. If Congress shall remove
the disability of Jefferson Davis to hold a seat
in this body, and the people of Mississippi
shall elect him a Senator, we must admit him
to his seat, and extend to him those official
courtesies which are dae from one Senator to
another. I confess I feel no anxiety to see this
stale of things.
The Senator also says that these men are so
dead they never would be elected. I see no
evidence of that. On the contrary, judging
from the southern press, and from • reports
which come from that section of the country,
1 believe that within twelve months from this
day, if universal amnesty should be accorded,
Mr. Davis would be returned to a seat in this
Chamber.
Mr. MORTON. There is no doubt of it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why, sir, an election
for Senator was held a short time ago in North
Carolina, and a man was voted for who was
known to be disqualified, and it is said, and I
think has been proved, that he was able to
defeat Democrats who were candidates and
who had not been disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment. These loyal rebels desired
to have it understood that North Carolina was
a sovereign State and would send whom she
pleased to the Senate; and she sent a man
known to be disqualified, in open and flagrant
defiance of the existing provisions of the Con-
stitution. If that inhibition were removed,
where is the evidence that they would not elect
him again? Where is the evidence, if you
should remove that inhibition as to Jefferson
Davis, that the loyal rebels of Mississippi
would not at the first opportunity return him
to this Chamber? I believe there is a dispo-
sition on the part of the intelligent politicians
of the South to behave reasonably well until
they are out of the woods by the passage of
this amnesty bill, and I believe many of them
regret the outrages and violences that have
been committed in the South, because they
have a tendency to retard the passage of this
