3446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
The next amendment was in section fifty-
five, line two, to insert the word "steam"
before "vessel;" and in line four, to strike
out the words "any steamer" and insert the
•words "such steam vessels;" so that the
clause will read:
That if any licensed officer engaged to serve on
board any steam vessel shall, to the hinderanee of
commerce, wrongfully or unreasonably refuse to
serve hi his official capacity on such steam vessel as
authorized by the terms of his certificate of lioense,
or shall fail to deliver to the applicant for such ser-
vice at the tiinoof such refusal, if tho same shall bo
demanded, a statement in writing, assigning good
and sufficient reasons therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-
seven, line three, to strikeout the word " as;"
inline live to insert the words " safety-valves,
gauge-cocks, steam-gauges, and fusible plugs,
attached in conformity to law ;" in line seven,
to strike out the word "already" and insert
"therein;" inline nine, to insert the word
" approved" before " life-preservers;" in line
eleven, afterthe word "passengers," to insert
"except when navigating canals exclusively ;"
and in line sixteen, after the words " life-pre-
servers," to insert "approved by the inspect-
ors ;" so that the section will read:
That tho hull and boiler, or boilers, and machinery
and appurtenances of every ferry-boat shall be in-
spected as required for passenger steamers in section
eleven, and shall be furnished with boats and steam-
jmmps, safety-valves, gauge-cocks, steain-gauites,
and fuMblo plugs, attached m conformity to law, as
therein prescribed, and shall be supplied with ftre-
buckcts and axes as required for passenger steamers,
and shall also bo equipped with such number of ap-
proved life-preservers as may be prescribed by tho
local inspectors. And all steam oanal-boats carry-
ing passengers, except when navigating canals ex-
clusively, and every steam-yacht, shall bo inspected,
as respects hull, boilers and machinery, pumps,
boats, fire-buckets, and axes, as required for pas-
senger steamers in sections three, seven, eight, ten,
and eleven, and shall also carry cork or other equally
efficient life-preservers, approved by tho inspectors,
equal in number to tho number of persons carried
on board such yacht or canal-boat; and no feiry-
boat, shall be navigated without a licensed pilot and
engineer, who shall be subject to the same regula-
tions as otlieeis navigating passenger steamers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty
eight, line fifteen, to insert the word "ap-
proved" before "life-preservers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. There is just one line on
the eighty-first page of the bill, at the end of
the iilt.y-eighth section, which I am going to
move to strikeout. It reads: "and wooden
boats may be substituted ior metallic life-
boats." I do not believe we ought to substi-
tute wooden boats for metallic lile-boits. In
hot climates wooden boats will shrink, and
are hardly ever fit for use. They are not half
as good as the metallic boats anyhow, and I
theiefote move to strike out that line.
Mr. COllBETT. That proviso now reads:
Provided, That on tug, freight, and towing boats,
navigating waters flowing into the Gult of Mexico,
and their tributaries, wire tiller-ropes, iron rods or
chains shall not be required, and wooden boats may
be substituted for metallic life-boats.
Mr. POMEROY. But in that climate the
wooden boats shrink and are rarely ever fit for
use. If 3ou are to have lile-boats at all, let
them be metallic boats. One metallic boat is
worth a dozen wooden boats.
Mr. CORBE1T. I have no objection to the
amendment.
rihe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section fifiy-nine, line thir-
teen, to strike out the word "five" and inser
"ten;" and in line fourteen,to strike out the
woid •'three" and insert "five;" so as to
make the clause read :
And each captain, chief engineer, and first-class
pilol, licensed as herein provided, shall pay, for
every certnicate granted by any inspector or in-
spectors. the sum of ten dollars, and for every
renewal thereof the sum of live dollars.
The amendintui was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixty-
two, line eight, to strike out the word "only"
where it occurs tho second time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was iu section sixty-
five, line three, to insert, after tho word " amend-
atory," the words "except as hereinbefore
provided so as to make the section read :
That all fees, penalties, and revenues arising
under the provisions of this aet,, and of the act to
which this is amendatory, except as hereinbefore
provided, shall be paid into the Treasury, and all
disbursements of money for carrying into effoot the
precisions of this aot, and of the act to which it is
amendatory, shall be madeonlyupon specific, appro-
priations, for which the Secretary of the Treasury
shall submit annual estimates.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was at the end of
section sixty-seven, to add the words "one
half for the use of the informer;" so that, the
section will read:
That tho penalty for tho violation of any provis-
ion of this act that is not otherwise specially pro-
vided for shall bo afinoof not exceeding $6U0, one
half for tho use of tho informer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixty-
eight. line nineteen, to strike out the word
"not" and to insert "nor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sixly-
nine, line seven, to insert, alter the word "act,"
the words "and all fog-horns required by I lie
provisions of this act. shall be such as can be
hoard at a distance of at least one and one half
miles in still, clear weather."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventy-first section of the bill, in the following
words:
Sec. 71. This act shall tako effect on tho 1st day
of May, in the year 187a.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventy-second section, in the following words:
Sec. 72. That, nothing in this net shall apply to
sailing vessels of fess than twelve tons burden.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to tho Senate ns
amended, and the nmendmenfs made as in
Committee of the % hole were concurred in.
Mr. HARDAN. This is a very important
hill, and the Senate is quite thin now. I think
it would be better to let, it, go over. 1 there-
fore move that, the Senate do now adjourn.
The l'RESl DING OFFICER. Before put-
ting the question on that motion, 1,he Chair
will state that the bill called up by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, pi ior to the recess this
afternoon, will be the unfinished business
after the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENSON. When viil ihis bill
come up a^-iin?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot tell. That will be at the option of the
Senate.
Air. STEVENSON. This is a very import-
ant bill, demanded by the best, interests of
this country, and if we are goi ig to postpone
it now, it may be a week before we reach it,
again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky appeals to the Senator
from Iowa to withdraw hi* motion to adjourn,
and allow the bill to be passed on account of
its importance.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that the bill will have to go back to the
House, and it will probably result in the
appointment of a committee of conference
Mr. POMEROY. Sotne Senators may he
absent who rnay wish to offer amendments.
Mr. HARLAN, The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky makes it, necessary that I
should state that, some Senators who were not
able to remain during the whole of the session
this evening desired to seethe bill, as amended,
before it was finally passed, with a view pos-
sibly of offering some amendments to some
portions of if, and as the Senate is thin, I
think it would be better to let it go over. It
will occupy but a few minutes probably some
morning hour.
Mr. HAMLIN, I am afraid those few min-
utes will never be had.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that tho Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Kansas renews the motion to adjon rn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at ten
o'clock and forty minutes p. in.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
wednesday, May 15,1872.
The. House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bdtx.hu,
D. b.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal.
Mr. MeCRARY. t ask unanimous con-
sent. that the further reading of the Journal be
dispensed with.
Mr. BEATTY. T object.
The Clerk resumed and completed the rend-
ing of the Journal.
0KD1511 OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the tatiti' bill.
STBNOGKAPII18113 FOR CIKCUIT COURTS.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order at present, as the pending question is
upon the bill reported last evening from the
Committee on the Judiciary by the getillemun
from Maine, [Mr. Phteks,] being bill 11. R.
No. 2778, to provide stenographers for the
circuit courts of the United States, upon which
the previous question had been seconded. Tho
question was upon ordering the main question
to be put. pending which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. IIoLjMan] moved to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. HODMAN. Was it not the under-
standing, when night sessions wore given to
the Judiciary Committee and other commit-
tees, that the business should not lap over on
to tho following flay?
Mr. HAWLEY. I think that was the ex-
press understanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it was,
unless the previous question were seconded.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Chair so stated.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon tho
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. PETERS. Oh, the gentleman will
withdraw that.
Mr. UODMAN. Inasmuch as this bill cre-
ates a number of new officers with large sal-
aries, i must, insist upon my motion.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
38, noes .*>1 ; no quorum voiing.
Mr. HODMAN. With the understanding
that the yeas and nays shall be called upon
the passage of the bill, I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. PETERS. We will agree to that.
'fhe main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it, was accordingly read the third
time.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 53, not vot-
ing 73 ; as follows :
YJiAK—.Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arthur, Barber,
Barr;, Cca'l.v, Beck, Bi&by, Bingham, Austin 131-->ir,
iiueklo>, Builiiiton, fiurcfiard, Uurdett, llenjumm
F. Butler. Carroll,Coburn.Cogblan.Conner.Crocker,
Dawe:-, 1) tekey, Don nan, 1>oa, Duel!, Duke, Duaiie'l,
Flames, ftldredge. l?nrnsworth, Farwell, Fiakelii-
burar. Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Golladay, lla.lo,
Hambletoti, Hornier, Harper, John X. Harris, Ha-
vens, Hawley, Hoy, Hereford, Hoar, kallsy, 1 -
logg, Kcteham, Killinger, Lamport, Lynch, Mo-
