1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4343
think that is true, whether the fund belonged
to the tribe or whether it was for the benefit
of the individuals. I understand the law to
be this, that a nation never violates confidence
reposed in it even if war interposes. If a
nation says to the subject of an enemy, "You
may hold real estate within my territory,"
and war arises between the two nations, the
Government that gave that permission cannot
confiscate that land. It may confiscate the
rents and profits of the subject of an enemy,
but it cannot confiscate the land, although it is
the land of the subject o'f an enemy, in their
own territory, because it would be a violation
of the nation's faith.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. Do you mean that they
cannot in point of law ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They eannot in
point of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Supreme Court of
the United States, in the South Carolina con-
fiscation cases after the rebellion, have de-
cided exactly the reverse.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let me go
through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hold that if
the subjects of an enemy are within their ter-
ritory, the nation, after a declaration of war,
must give them time to return to their homes
and take their effects with them, because the
subject of the enemy came to the territory
with that confidence, and whenever a nation
holds a fund in trust for another nation, or for
individuals, it is bound to fulfill that trust
even though war interpose. It seems to me
that you do not want any law to establish that
position; it commends itself to the good
judgment of every individual. But the law
is very plainly laid down ; I refer to Wheaton,
page 529:
'"The State does noteven touch the sums which it
owes to the enemy; everywhere, in case of war, the
funds confided to the public are exempt from seizure
and confication.' In another passage, Vattel give3
the reason of this exemption: 'In reprisals, the
property of subjects is seized, as well as that belong-
ing to the sovereign or State. Everything which
belongs to the nation is liable to reprisals as soon as
it can be seized, provided it be not a deposit con-
fided to the public faith; this deposit, being found
in our hands only on account of that confidence
which the proprietor has reposed in our good iaith,
ought to be respected even in case of open war.
Such is the usage in France, in England, and else-
where, in respect to money placed by foreigners in
the public funds.*Lawrence's Wheaton oa Inter-
national Law, page 529.
It seems to me, Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's five minutes are up.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the Senator proceed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No; I will
observe the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Senator may proceed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I submit to the
rule.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not understand the
question well enough to presume to discuss it,
and therefore I do not intend to do so; but I
wish to inquire of the committee who reported
this bill what is the meaning of this eighth
section:
That the sum of $251,055 97—
Wonderfully particular and accurate about
the ninety-seven cents—
to restore to the Creek orphans of 1832 certain
funds to which they are entitled under the provis-
ions of the treaty with the Creek nation of March
24,1832.
What I want to know is, whether it is pro-
posed to find out who these Creek orphans
were in 1832 and pay over this money to them,
or to pay it over to their assignees, or whether
it is intended simply to restore it to the Treas-
ury, to be held by the President in trust for
these orphans. It seems to me that is a very
material inquiry.
Mr. HARLAN. It is due to the committee
to say that they followed a memorandum
drawn up by the Department. I think there
is a want of clearness in the amendment, and
I should be very happy if the honorable Sen-
ator would suggest any change of phraseology.
The object is to restore the fund to the condi-
tion it was in heretofore, to be held by the
United 'States, and the interest paid over to
the wards.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to take
time upon it; but I want to understand what
I am to vote about. I really do not under-
stand the merits of the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer the fol
lowing amendment, to come in by way of pro-
viso at the close, which will have the effect of
restoring it to the Treasury:
Provided, That this sum shall be invested by the
Secretary of the Interior in five per cent, bonds of
the United States and held intrust for said orphans,
the interest thereof to be paid annually to such of
said orphans as make proof of identity and claim
upon such fund.
Mr. THURMAN. Then there is another
thing I would like to know of those who are
well advised on this subject, and that is
whether this fund was an eleemosynary fund,
or whether it was originally the individual
property of these Indians which'would descend
to their heirs. That is a very important inquiry,
because these orphans were orphans forty
years ago. in 1832, and the probability is that
most of them are dead by this time. Now,
was that provision in the treaty an eleemo-
synary provision for those who were then
orphans, or, in other words, was the title to the
twenty sections of land and the proceeds of
the twenty sections invested in these persons
so that it would descend to their heirs or might
be transferred to their assignees? That strikes
me as very material, und I should like some-
body who is well informed on the subject to
tell us how that is, in order that we may vote
understandingly.
Mr. Sl'EVENSON. I will state to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio that this was an in-
dividual fund, that it did descend to their
descendants, that the treaty of 18t56 protected
it as an individual fund; and I wili state to
him further that by the apportionment under
the census the name of each individual claim-
ant or his representative is given, the amount
to be paid to him upon the proof that he was
either an orphan in 1832 or the legitimate de-
scendant of that orphan.
Mr. THURMAN. What census does the
Senator refer to ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The census taken by
the Interior Department.
Mr. THURMAN. When?
Mr. STEVENSON. In 1870.
Mr. THURMAN. Then, if the Senator is
informed, I should like to know whether that
census authorized any assignment or sale or
transfer of the claims of these people to any-
body else?
Mr. STEVENSON. I never heard of any.
I propose that this amount shall go to the indi-
vidual orphan Creeks of 1832, or their legal
representatives, on proof that they were orphans
at that time. I have never heard of an as-
signment. I know of no assignee, and I have
not been informed of any. I supposed that
this was to go to the Creek orphans, or their
representatives, upon the proof that they were
orphans, and that those claiming were the legal
representatives, that they belonged to an indi-
vidual class as orphans, and not to any general
fund.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose pretty much
everybody except the Committee on Indian
Affairs understand quite well that this amend-
ment is presented here and pushed with a view
of putting into the pockets of certain attor-
neys in this city a pretty large sum of money;
but of course the committee is ignorant of
that fact. I have not the legal proof of it, of
course, but I believe it from divers and sundry
sigus and symptoms that I have seen, not ot
course seen in the Senate but seen outside,
just as a certain Choctaw claim, which will
present itself here in a few minutes after we
dispose of this, is also for the benefit of cer-
tain attorneys in this town, but there for the
promotion of the public interests (as it some-
times will happen) the attorneys have fallen
out, and we are likely to get at a little truth in
respect to the matter, it is suggested. But,
of course, if this is a debt which the United
States lawfully owe, it is their business to pay
it whether it goes into the hands of shysters
or into the hands of the original claimants.
The treaty of 1832—and i must condense
largely because time is so short—says just this
and no more: that twenty sections shall be
selected under the direction of the President
for the orphan children of the Creeks and
divided and retained or sold for their benefit
as the President may direct. This is a treaty,
not with the orphan children Of the Creeks;
it is a treaty with the Creek nation, and this
stipulation respecting the setting apart of
twenty sections of laud is a stipulation with
the Creek nation ; it was land not of the orphan
children but land of the nation. It is true that
these children were a component part of the
nation, and had an interest in it, just as my
friend from Kentucky and I have an interest
in the great prairies now. We are the orphan
children of the Government in that sense.
Therefore, Senators are mistaken when the^
say in the first place that this was an indi-
vidual trust, creating an individual obligation
to these orphan children. It was no more
than it would have been if there had been
twenty sections set apart for the benefit of the
poor of the Creek nation, and the President
of the United States had been made trustee
of it; that is, trustee for the Creeks, not
trustee for the poor iu the sense of any par-
ticular poor man having any vested right in
the matter.
Then in the next place, in my opinion—I
do not know whether that is for the interest
of the United States; it is certainly for tho
interest of justice—if we are bound to pay at
all, it is plain that this was not a designation
lor any particular orphan children who exist-
ed at that time, but it was an undertaking to
make provision for the support of the orphans,
the fatherless and the motherless youug Indi-
ans of that nation, from time to time, be-
cause, as we know, the Indians have no poor
laws; they have no eleemosynary institutions;
they have no public means of organized char-
ity ; they have no system of laws by which
there can be guardianship and education and
all that; and therefore this provision was in-
serted, in my opinion, (and that seems to be the
plain meaning of it,) in order that we might
provide for the Creek nation and through the
Creek nation for the support and maintenance
to this extent of whoever from time to time
might fall within the designated class of the
orphans of that nation; and it was not an at-
tempt to give at that time $500,000, or what-
ever the sum may have been, perhaps a
million or two, to any particular twenty
orphan children or fifty orphan children or
one hundred orphan children in their indi-
vidual right.
The result, therefore, is, if there is any obli-
gation at all, it is an obligation to provide
through this nation for a body of people who
are now entitled to the benefits of the support
and education, and in that sense it ought not
to be given to the orphans of 1832, who must
be now at least sixty years old probably, cer-
tainly over fifty years; as a rule the average
would be much over that; it ought to provide
for restoring to the funds of this Creek nation
and to be expended as we have to expend
other moneys now, for taking care of these
Indians from time to time or taking care of
such orphans as may exist and sending them
to school.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired,
