1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16-55
by figures taken from the books of the San
Francisco custom-house and of the Treasury
Department that during the year 1871, now
just closed, there were $1,000,000 of import
duties in excess of the amount in 1869. This
amount was put into the Treasury by means
of the increase of business alone—the increase
of imports caused by this line, and more than
double the amount of the subsidy expended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments pending, on which debate is exhausted.
Mr. HEREFORD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, we all seem to forget that
the plan of subsidies for the pretended en-
couragement, of foreign commerce has hereto-
fore been tried and failed. We all seem to
forget the history of the Collins steamship line.
At first it was given a subsidy of $300,000, and
afterward, on the plea that that amount was
not sufficient, the subsidy was increased to
$600,000, but nevertheless the line went down,
and the people's money thus given away was
lost. And here I will mention a fact stated
to me the other day by a friend. When speak-
ing of the subsidy of $25,000,000, as proposed
in the bill reported from the Committee on
Commerce, my friend said that on the day
the bill passed Congress granting $600,000 to
the Collins line of steamers he happened to
meet Mr. Collins. "I was surprised," he
said, "'to see him looking dejected." "1
said, Mr. Collins, I congratulate you, I sup-
pose your line will now prosper, aided by tne
large subsidy voted by Congress. 'No,' said
he, 'I am worse off than before.' Why?
'Why,' said Mr. Collins, 'the appropriation
of $600,000 cost me more than three hun-
dred thousand dollars to get it through Con-
gress.' " Where did the money go? Whose
pockets did it fill? For whose benefit was
it voted?
Now, sir, I do^not charge that any man on
this floor is actuated by any other motives than
those of honest conviction. We all know, how-
ever, that the corridors are filled by lobby-
ists who gather around the House as birds of
prey gather around the offal of the battle-
field.
Mr. COGHLAN. When was that subsidy
bill passed ?
Mr. MORGAN. I have only five minutes,
and the gentleman will excuse me. I see the
drift of the gentleman's remark. I say with
candor that this bill does not stand before the
House as a party measure. Bach member will
make up his own record, and upon his record
he must stand or fall. No, sir, this scheme is
not Republican, it is not Democratic ; but will
not the country believe I hat it is a scheme of
wholesale plunder, devoid of shame? Isthis
the time, Mr. Chairman, to propose subsidies
like this? In two years' time, (and I am glad
I have the attention of my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, andl call hisatten-
tion to what 1 say,) from the 1st of July 1869.
until July 1, 1871, we raised $800,000,000
of revenue, and only reduced the public debt
$135,000,000; less than sixty-eight millions a
year, and not, as the gentleman said the other
day, $100,000,000 a year.
I challenge contradiction. I hold in my
hand the reports of the Secretary of the
Treasury for 1869 and 1871. In his report
for 1869 the Register of the Treasury states
the public debt to be, on July 1,1869, $2,489,-
002,480; while in the report for 1871 he states
the public debt to be, on July 1, 1871, $2,353,-
211,332; amount of reduction iu two years,
$135,795,148. The revenues collected during
that time amounted to $800,000,000, and yet
the debt was reduced less than $136,000,000!
What, sir, went with the balance, the remain-
ing $664,000,000? In a good part they were
squandered, as we are now asked to give away ,
$1,000,000 a year to this Pacific steamship
company. The other day the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] said that during
the three years of President Grant's adminis-
tration the debt had been reduced $300,000,-
000. What are the facts? Provided the re-
duction of the debt during the months which
make up the third year of this Administration
was equal to the average amount of the reduc-
tion for the two fiscal years already named,
the whole amount in the three years would be
less than $204,000,000, while our revenues
amounted to $1,200,000,000!
There are some things, sir, which are difficult
to understand. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] is always eloquent in
his advocacy of economy when no appropria-
tion is asked for ; but his voice and his vote
are ever found sustaining any bill which pro-
poses appropriations, no matter how extrava-
gant they may be; and my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Garfield,] is generally, as to-day, found
standing by his side. And when on yesterday
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
proposed to increase the subsidy for the Pa-
cific steamship line from a half to a whole
million, the chairmen of the two leading com-
mittees [Messrs. Dawes and Garfield] sprang
to their feet, and, as usual, lent their power-
ful aid to this scheme.
Great Britain is held up to us as an example
worthy of our imitation. We are told that
" Britannia rules the waves." How? By the
aid of seven hundred armed vessels of war.
Are our taxes so small that we shall follow
that example ?
"Britannia rules the waves." Why? Because
her haughty aristocracy have wisdom enough
to understand that free ships and cheap ships
are the true .means of controlling the carry-
ing trade of the world. Because by free
ships and free trade they have caused the
products of all the nations to be poured into
the lap of England.
We are told " England grants subsidies to
her steamship lines." Yes, and it is the car-
dinal principle of the British Government to
rob the many to enrich the few. '' England
grants subsidies 1" Yes, and to-day one .eighth
of her rural and one third of her great metro-
politan population are paupers; and over three
hundred human beings annually starve to
death in the streets of London. " Follow
the example of England," cry the friends of
subsidy. England has a monarchy. Shall
we ? England is ruled by a proud and pow-
erful aristocracy, who have reduced a gallant
people to serfdom. Shall we follow her ex-
ample?
England, with a population of over thirty
million souls, has only thirty thousand land-
owners—one land-owner for every one thou-
sand inhabitants. Unhappily, sir, we are
closely following that example. In violation
of the Constitution and the great laws of
nature, Congress within twelve years took two
hundred million acres of land belonging to
forty million people, and without a dollar's
consideration, made a present of an empire to
a few hundred persons, who by some process
have controlled legislation.
In the name of the plundered^ millions, I pro-
test against this system of legislation, and_ in
their name I denounce this scheme of taking
the money which belongs to the whole people
to make it a present to a few individuals, for
the simple reason that they are already rich
and powerful.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, the remarks of the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] as well as the re-
marks of the gentleman from Indiana—I mean
the one in the perigee, [Mr. Holman,] not in
the apogee, [Mr. Kerr]—demand of me some
reply. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mor-
gan] throws out an insinuation that the Col-
lins line bought Congress by giving $600,000
to public men. Has the honorable gentleman
ever looked over the record of those who in
1852 supported that appropriation, ($858,000
in gold,) both Whigs and Democrats, and does
he know what was the character of those men
against whom so grave a charge is made ? Let,
me recall to his mind that such men as Clay,
Crittenden, and Webster, on the Whig side,
earnestly supported the Collins appropriations
whenever they came up for discussion or ac-
tion, and were ever ardent adherents of the
system of supporting their own flag upon the
ocean against the subsidies of Great Britain.
And does he mean to insinuate that men like
Webster- 
Mr. MORGAN. I will not say that any
gentlemen of past Congresses were corrupt.
I do not "charge that any of the gentlemen
of the present Congress are corrupt. On
the contrary, I" expressly said that I had no
doubt that every gentleman was acting upon
his convictions and from the purest motives.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am will-
ing to go down to posterity with Webster, Clay,
and Crittenden on appropriations to support
the flag of my country on the ocean. [Ap-
plause.] I have no more to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] on this subject,
except that I have before me the records of
some of the most distinguished men of both
the Democratic party and the Whig party who
have supported these appropriations from 1845,
1846, and 1847, on to 1854, 1855, and 1856 ;
and among these I may mention President
Polk, with Postmaster General Cave Johnson
of Tennessee, and John Y. Mason, Secretary
of the Navy. In 1847 the act of March 3
authorized—
5 steamers to Liverpool  $385,000
5 steamers to Chagres    290,000
3 steamers, Panama to Oregon  199,000
13 steamers  874,000
Previously authorized, 5 to Bremen  400,000
$1,274,000
The Senate was then Democratic, and John
W. Davis, of Indiana, was Speaker of the
House. The annual report of Robert J. Walker,
Secretary of the Treasury in 1848, recom-
mended the system.
In 1852, when the Senate stood thirty-eight
Democrats to twenty-four Whigs, the House
one hundred and forty-two Democrats to
ninety-one Whigs, the leading Democrats of
both Houses of Congress urged and voted for
raising the Collins' subsidy from $358,000 to
$858,000, being $33,000 per trip. One of the
most brilliant men of the Democratic party,
if not the most brilliant, supported the sys-
tem, and is on record for it over -and over
again in the Congressional Globe, and that
man was Stephen A. Douglas, of Illinois.
I could add, sir, many more staj-s in the
Democratic party to the little constellation of
names; but why need I, when both Demo-
cratic and Whig administrations are on record
for the system—illustrious Whigs and illus-
trious Democrats, with whom I was associated
on the floor of the House in days gone by,
when it was not dishonest or shameless to
speak for, stand by, and uphold on the ocean
the flag of our country ?
Sir, this is np new question, no new agita-
tion. The question was started over twenty
years ago, aud although the Collins line was
never fortunate, nay, it was unfortunate, not
from the want of support oil the part of Con-
gress, but in consequence of the bad internal
administration of the line in the city of New
York, and in consequence of the extraordinary
efforts and appropriations on the part of Great
Britain, through her Cunard line, to add to
her subsidies and increase the strength of that
line in order to overthrow the commerce of
this country, I am here just where I was in
the Congress of 1852, neither advancing uor
