4344
T2E.. CQNGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr.. EDMUNDS. When we get out 9f
committee I shall renew my remarks in order
to demonstrate that there is no propriety in
this proposition.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to submit an observa-
tion or two on the last suggestion of the hon-
orable Senator from V ermont. The sugges-
tion he makes is precisely what the Department
desired to have done when they incorporated
in this treaty article six, and I w,ill read it
that the Senator may see that the Department
thought, just as.he does: . ■
"•Abticlb VI. Inasmuch as tho bonds, or apor-
tvjfc thereof,, in which the Creek orphan fund has
bqett heretofore invented, from certain causey have
latgel^'deprepiated in value, and are for the pur-
posesfor whiotj said fund was set aside uiiprodue
tivg, it is. hefleby further stipulated that such of the
bonds i)0,>v heM hy the Secretary of tho Interior, in
trust for the orphans of the Creek nation, ns may M
necessary to establish a manual-labor sobool for the
improvement and education of the orphan children
of said nation, shall be disposed of, and tho avails
thereof used for that purpose,'under the direction
of the Secretary of the interior. The residue of
said iujti.fi (.hall bo retained in the Treasury of the
United States, upon which interest at tho rate of
five per cent, shall annually he p>iid for the main-
tenance and support of said school."
This is what was agreed to by the Depart-
ment and (he delegates of the Creek nation in
1806 ; but when the treaty came to the Senate
the Senate struck out that article, on the ground,
I suppose, that this was a specific fund not
belonging td the Creek nation, but belonging
to certain orphans of the Creek natron at the
date of the treaty of 1832, and that ihe nego-
tiators had no right to divert it to another use,
had no right to take the money belonging to a
certain class of tho Creek nation, held in trust
by tile United States, fur their use. and apply
it for the benefit of all the children of the
Creek nation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senatora
question?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMONDS. What makes him sup-
pose it? Does he remember or does he not
remember that the article was stricken out,
because it created an obligation on the United
States that they did not intend to assume?
Mr. IlAULAN. I had no opportunity to
remember anything on that subject, as at that
time I had not the honor to be a member of
this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Were you not Secretary
of the Interior ?
Mr. HARLAN. I was; but I was not a
member of this body, and therefore could not
know the reasons which influenced the Senate
at that time; but on reading the opinion of
the Assistant Attorney Generul, which was
read from the desk to-day, I lind that the Law
Department of the Government takes that view
of the subject, and I reasonably inferred that,
the lawyers of the Senate would take the same
view that is set forth in an official paper by the
organ of the Law Department of the Govem-
men •.
The Assistant Attorney General holds that
this fund is not a fund belonging to the Creek
nation, and therefore that that nation had no
right to dispose of it. I ought to state here
that the Committee on Indian Affairs adopted
such means as they thought would bring out
alt the facts in this case and enable them to
arrive at a just conclusion ; and although it is
not usual to state what is done in a commit-
tee, 1 will say that the committee requested
the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Stevenson] firstto examine this, which hedid,
taking agooddeal of pains to go through it.
Afterward, he being a little unwell and absent
from the Senate,.the committee requested the
honorable Sena'or from Connecticut [Mr.
Buckingham] to take the papers and examine
them, which tie did. Afterward some ques-
tions of law arose, not dissimilar to those which
have been sprung fcert, in the Senate. The
committee then requested thehonotable Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. EbelxngiiuysenI
to take the case and examine it with reference
to the legal bearings of such questions as had
arisen ; and I may here say that each and all
these Senators arrived at the same conclusion,
that the Government was bound to restore
this fund for the use of this class of the Cteek
people, and hence the report of the committee.
It was then referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations and brought in by that committee ;
so that it has the indorsement of two of the
standing committees of this body after having
been very carefully examined by three mem-
bers of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I suggest to the
honorable Senator from Iowa, in support of his
construction of the treaty of I860 in opposition
to ths t put on it by the honorable Senator from
Vermont, that he will find, as I am informed,
in the last three years that Congress have made
two or three specific appropriations for this
Creek fund, showing that they did not intend
to exclude it, but kept, it out of that treaty
because they thought H was an individual fund
that the laws of Congress should not interfere
with.
Mr. HARLAN._ This, then, is the interpret-
ation placed on, it by Congress itself, having
since made appropriations of money to pay the
interest cm this fund.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see the evidence
of that. 1 deny that there is any such evidence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] to
the amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it would be better
to place the amount on the books of the Treas-
ury to the credit of the Indians, rather than
to invest it in bonds. I think it has been the
usual custom of late years to place the money
to their credit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will come to exactly
the same thing if you insert the word " regis-
tered " before "bonds."
Mr. CdRBETT. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I accept the
modification.
The amendment to the amendment, as mod-
ified, was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I am entitled
now to make a short speech on the amend-
ment itself, am I not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I will begin, therefore,
where I left olf, and my apology is that this is
a matter of importance to the United States,
this selling up of liabiliiies of this ancient
character m favor of the tribes of Indians.
If we do that, as we have reduced taxation
$53,000,000, we shall find ourselves next year
iu a position where it will be a gr«at object to
save money, if we can save it honorably and
fairly.
I have demonstrated as far as I could that
under the treaty of 1832 the President was a
trustee for the benefit of the Creek nation,
and through the natiun for the benefit of cer-
tain designated members of that nation. That
being the case, the nation forleited the right
when it went into rebellion, as it did as an
organized body, for the treaty of 18(J6 so de-
clares in terms. My friend from New Jersey
is mistaken, so far as the law goes, when he
says that tho majority of the nation did not;
the treaty of 1866 expressly recites that this
Creek nation made a treaty with the so-called
confederate Stales by which they ignored their
allegiance to the United States, and unsettled
the treaty relations existing between them and
the United States, and thereby rendered them-
selves liable to foif'eit everything they were
entitled to have. Then it goes on to state
that we agreed, although they had forfeited
eveiytbing, that we would do one of the things
that it was proposed we should do to relieve
ttjem from forfeiture of, say this orphan fund;
and in order to relieve them from the forfeit-
ure of that and to keep it on foot, the sixth
article of the treaty was inserted, which did
keep it on foot. The Senate of the United
States struck out the sixth article. Do you
think, Mr. President, as the Senator from
Iowa says, that we struck it out in order to
increase our obligations? No, sir, we stiuck
it out for the reason that we believed it had
become a defunct fund, in the first instance, in
fact, and for the reason that we did not intend
to leave any liability existing on the part of
the .United States in that respect.
Now, theo., the Senator from Iowa says, and
the Senator from Kentucky says, that Con-
gress has x;ecogn ized the existence of that fund
as a duty on the part of the United States to
keep it up since by appropriations. I have
looked in the last iwo Indian appropiiation
bills, and I am unable to lind any such recog-
nition in reference to the treaty of 1832, and
in reference to this orphan fund in any form;
and if there is such a statute I pray hon-
orable Senators who rely on that to read it
that the Senate may see what it is.
This is not quite all. What is the basis of
this snm' of money which you are adding to
that fund? VVha,t is the ground of the claim?
That lias been kept somewhat carefully out of
sight by these two Department officers, both
of them subordinates, you will observe. The
basis is that the President of the United States,
just as the treaty said, invested the money in
State stocks, and the State stocks fell in value,
and the interest, therefore, was not paid.
Now, you say that the trustees, the United
States, isiherefore responsible. By no means,
i'lus was a discretion which was invested in the
trustee. There is no pretense that he di.l not
exercise that discretion in good faith and
invest in just such stocks as all other people
invested m at. that time, the stocks of the
States. The rebellion came on and the inter-
est was not paid* Now, on what, principle of
morality, not to say law, is the United States
rtsponsible to make it good?
Then it is said a certain part of this money
we used to support refugees. So we did, a
small part of it; and had we not the right to
do it? When the nation had gone into rebel-
lion, and was against us, had we not the right
to support the orphaus that were driven off
up into Kansas or somewhere out of this
nation, with their fathers and mothers! It
is a very strange thing to make such a claim.
But 1 could show you, if I had time, that
this treaty, in the eleventh article, expressly
declares that the Creek nation ratifies the
expenditures which the United States made
in supporting these refugees that the nation
drove out. The Assistant Attorney General,
as he calls himself, attempts to get over that
by the quibble of saying that this was not au
annuity, and that an "annuity" only is men-
tioned iu the article. Well, the article dues
use the wot;d "annuity;" and,under the head
of "annuity*' these Creeks and all the other
Indian nations get every dollar that we pay
them from the trust funds under treaties ; that
is, it is an annual sum which accrues from
the trust fund, and we pay it over to them
according to the articles of the treaty. The
term "annuity," therefore, ex vi termini, his-
torically as well as etymologically, covers the
very case of these annual payments out of this
orphan fund which we were to make for the
support of these children. There is, there-
fore, in my opinion, not a particle of founda-
tion in morality or justice lor this claim.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to strike out
one dollar of the amount of appropriation.
The Senator from Vermont says,these are
ancient claims, the treaty was an ancient one,
but I do not think, when the later acts of 1-gis-
lation lefer to them and recognize them, that
they can be very ancient. As la'e as 1866 this
fund,was referred to as a (special orphan indi-
vidual trust lund by Congiess giving to it the
