1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
retreating, in the very best company of both
Whigs and Democrats, and I say that on this
appropriation now I intend to stay.
Sir, as I look back upon the history of the
Democratic party, I find it ever to have been
a party of progress, not of retrogression; ever
in favor of advancing and extending the com-
merce of this country, and never, never thus
in opposition. It never has been a party, as
it never can be a party which throws itself
upon its back and contents itself with sleepily
looking up to the stars in the heavens and ex-
pecting them to drop out, or in calmly sur-
veying them, as an astronomer would, with an
utter indifference to all sublunary things. Nay,
on the contrary, it looks to the progress of the
American people in everything whatsoever,
upon the ocenn as well as upon the land. The
Democracy is not a crab-like patty, always
moving backward and never forward, but a
progressive paily which does and must go
ahead. When we had a vote the other day on
my resolution in regard to Mexico the other
side of the House was largely opposed to it,
■while our side en masse supported it; and
I then congratulated my associates that ours
was a party of progress, not of death, not of
destruction, not of paralysis, but a party full
of life and vigor, which looked not only to the
agriculture and manufactures of this country,
but to its commerce in all its parts. And I
tell the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Morgan] that the Democratic party never can
be maintained, andought not to be maintained,
if it arrays itself against the commerce and
trade of the country, and if ever its legisla-
tion is such as to uphold the cross of St.
George in preference to the flag of its own
country. [Applause.]
Some gentleman has spoken, as if for his
benefit, against the indulgence of sentiment
and rhetoric on a question like this. If I have
indulged in sentiment it is because I could not
help it. I feel this matter deeply, for I have
seen and know what a mighty issue it is be-
tweeu us and Great Britain. It has tenderly
touched my heart both here and over far-dis-
tant seas, and it is associated wiih every feel-
ing that I have as an American, and an
American citizen proud of my country, and
longing l'or its glory and aggrandizement. I
repeat, not rhetorically, but as a matter of
fact, not as a sentiment, that this is a war,
mainly if not wholly a war between the stars
and stripes on the one hand and the cross
of St. George on the other, for the commerce
of six hundred million people upon the Pa-
cific waters. And that is the reason why I
have thrown myself so earnestly into this
debate. I do not know that I ever before
felt so deeply interested in a question as I
do in this, because I know that so much of
the success of my countrymen not alone in
commerce, but in manufactures and agricul-
ture, for the consumption of these millions
upon millions of human beings in the-most
populous part of the world, depends alone
upon this line.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburx]
asks will it pay. It has paid so Car, and it will
pay forty times over if you will establish a
semi-monthly or weekly line to enable you
rapidly to transport the commerce of your
country. This corporation has made nothing.
Its stock now is in the market only at G-5, and
has been down to 30. It has lost money
throughout all its organization by its effort to
maintain itself, and it cannot maintain itself
against the subsidized lines of England unless
it has the support of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD obtained the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like two minutes
to reply to the gentleman from New York.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules of the House
do not permit that. -
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Chairman, gentle-
men seem to confound the vehicles of com-
merce with commerce itself. If you put two
trains a day upon a railroad where there is
only one, do you thereby increase the amount
of commerce between States and between
cities ? If you put additional service upon a
line which alreadyaccommodates all the trade
and is able to carry all the commodities, all the
products which this country interchanges with
another, do you thereby increase commerce?
Now, there are two points which I wish to
suggest in this connection : first, has this steam-
ship line really increased the commerce be-
tween China, Japan, and the United States?
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means yesterday introduced a table showing
the amount of tea that had been landed atSau
Francisco. Does he argue to this House
that the figures prove that the consumption of
tea has been increased ? Does he believe that
more tea is consumed in the United States
because that tea is landed at San Francisco
and distributed from that point to the western
coast, a part of it carried on the railroad
lines to Chicago, and perhaps carried to New
York ; that it has increased the commerce of
the whole country? On the contrary, it has
diverted importations that would have gone
to New York perhaps by other channels, by
sailing vessels or other steamship lines. In-
stead of increasing consumption the custom-
house duties on imported teas have been paid
at San Francisco, which otherwise might have
been paid at Boston or New York.
We find from the statement of the geutle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who ably
argued this question, that these steamships
now do not carry freight equal to their capacity.
Their tonnage exceeds four thousand tons. He
mentioned in his speech that on one occasion
one of them arrived with three thousand three
hundred tons of tea and other freight in one
cargo. In other instances and usually he says
they carried from two thousand to two thou-
sand five hundred tons, showing that they are
not loaded to their full capacity, not over two
thirds, and that line now crossing that ocean
once a month is sufficient to carry and transact
the commerce between San Francisco and
China and Japan. Yet it is proposed that
we shall appropriate out of the Treasury
15500,000, to double the service. Why? Not
to carry freight unable to reach or leave our
shores at present, but for the mere pleasure
of seeing the American flag float 011 these
grand steamships, which the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means so ably
described as sailing out of the bay of San
Francisco.
Sir. it is a grand sight, but it is a sight which,
if commerce does not demand it, the people of
this country cannot afford to maintain. We
are not rich enough to pay. $500,000 that
freight may be carried oftener in half-loaded
ships. If you will look at the returns of the
commerce of San Francisco, you will find that
all the imports from China, Japan, and the
Sandwich Islands were less than seven million
dollars for the last fiscal year, and the exports
but $4,000,000 for the same time, the imports
from China consisting of 167 tons raw silk,
worth $2,053,892; 1,800 tons of teas, worth
$1,233,729, and olher light products, which
do not require a tonnage for their shipment
greater than that already in existence. The
principal import—more than one half of the
total tonnage—-was rice brought for the Chi-
nese on the Pacific coast, being 11,640 tons.
Is it of national importance that this should be
brought in steamships? Must the service be
increased to a semi-monthly line in order that
a fresher supply shall gratify the taste of the
Celestials sojourning there? As to the carry-
ing of passengers, you find that six thousand
Chinese have been landed on our shores, and
that on the return trips some of them are car-
ried back. I found when I was on the Pacific
coast that one part of the business of this com-
pany is to carry back live Chinese and also
dead Chinese that this company have brought
over.
Mr. Chairman, we shall find among the peo-
ple, if not here, the spirit of resistance like
that whieh inspired John Hampden in the
days of Charles I to protest against these
exactions, these extortions in the "shape of
subsidies. It was the levy of ship-money
which aroused the English people, and ex-
cited the revolution that cost Charles I his
throne and sent him to the scaffold. The
people whom you tax for the benefit of Pa-
cific mail stock will not be more submissive to
the exactions of corporate monopolies than
their ancestors were to the behests of kingly
power.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Indiana, on my right, [Mr. Coburn,]
has desired some one to inform the House as
to the facts connected with this steamship
company, and the reason why it should be
regarded as having any peculiar claim upon
Congress for the aid proposed, if any it has.
The question is a pertinent one, a very perti-
nent one, for our consideration in connection
with this amendment. The answer is one
that not only appeals to the sympathies of the
supporters of this measure, but one that ap-
peals to the justice of the American Congress.
I am 110 special friend of the present man-
agers of the Pacific MailSteamship Company.
On the contrary, by one of those combinations
for which the stock market affords, I think,
undue advantages, gentlemen whom I know
and respect, and who for years have managed
its concerns, were lately evicted from its man-
agement greatly to my regret. But the history
of that company is in some respects within
my own knowledge, and, in my judgment, as I
have said, addresses itself, on this occasion
especially, to the justice of the American Con-
gress.
Some twenty-five years ago this company
began to carry passengers upon the Pacific
ocean. Beginning with two or three little
shijis, by a wise and just administration of
business, not by subsidies and. Government
support, in the course of twenty years it had
built up perhaps the greatest sea-going carry-
ing trade in the world. From New York to
the Isthmus, on the Atlantic, from the Isth-
mus to San l^rancisco, on the Pacific, every
week each way, its vessels transported goods
and passengers not by hundreds, but by thou-
sands, with a success which brought wealth to
its coffers, and realized a just and honorable
reward for the careful, liberal, and successful
administration of its business, until in th3
markets of the world its $10,000,000 of capital
had reached a vast premium and rated at from
two hundred to two hundred and fifty per cent,
of its par value.
The wise men who then managed the affairs
of this company foresaw, when the subject was
first generally discussed, the probability of the
ultimate construction of the Pacific railway.
As wise and provident merchants they saw,
too, that when that road was completed it
would destroy the profits of the travel and
trattic via the Isthmus of Panama. They
determined then that it was for the interest
of the company to build up, if they might be
able to do so, instead of that about to be lost,
a new traffic between China and the cast
Pacific and this country. They foresaw well,
as has happened, that years must elapse
and millions of dollars be expended before
that traffic would be profitably established.
They well knew that for that traffic would bo
required a class of enormous vessels such as
never then had been built; that there would
be required for it, too, the establishment of
commercial agencies in China and Japan and
the other expenditures and organizations ne-
cessary to build up a great business by invit-
ing communication from those millions of peo-
ple upon a route and in a direction to which
they were not accustomed.
