760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February I,
it is very likely that hereafter such organiza-
tions would be formed so as to come within
the saving clause of this provision; but it is
■ to be understood that the former part of this
section applies to existing churches. Take,
for instance, Trinity church, in New York, one
of the oldest corporations, I suppose, in the
United States: this bill applies to that church
as much as it does to any organization which
way be incorporated subsequent to its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where does Trinity
church get the power to exclude persons for
color, either-of sldn or hair, now?
Mr. CARPENTER. It is the peculiarity
of a small mind always to try to hold to one
subject at a time. Tuere is great difficulty in
Considering everything at once, and there are
still greater difficulties in discussing everything
at the same moment. What light Tiinity
church has to do anything, 1 am not inquir-
ing; whether her organization is according
to the statute of New York or not, I am not
inquiring; whether she has forfeited whatever
franchises have been conferred upon her, I
am not inquiring; whether her act of incor-
poration compels her to admit, negroes or
authorizes her to exclude them, I aui not
inquiring; I do not know. The precise, single
question that. [ am trying to discuss is whether
Congress has any authority to say that Trinity
church shall not exclude them, even if her
charter permits her to do do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good; that is the
answer.
Mr. CARPENTER. That, is the answer, as
far as I can give it, not having exmninod then-
charter to see whether the State of Now York
has given them such powers or not, and for
the present purpose not caring.
Then the nuxt, to the last section of this
amendment reads thus:
No pyfhou shutl bo disquiitifted for service as a
juior in any court, national or -Stato, by ru;isou of
race, color, or pievious condition of servitude.
Now, 1 doubt at least the constitutionality
of that, provision. Wo have already provided
that colored persons may serve as jurors in
common with white persons in the Federal
Couits. Can we go further? Can we fix the
qualifications for serving as a juror in a State
court any more lliiiu we can fix ttie qualifica-
tion for serving upon the bench ot a State
Court? No amendment of the Constitution, it
is to be borne in uiiinl, 1ms taken away from
the,States the, power of determining the quali-
fication of those who shall hold otliee iu the
State. A constitutional amendment, has taken
away from them the power to discriminate
between citizens us to the right to vote on the
ground of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude; but that, amendment does not,
extend to holding office. Now, 1 nm inclined
to think, although I may be wrong in this, that
this provision determining who shall ho quali-
fied to serve as a juror m the Stale courts is
beyond tho province of this Government to
enact. We can nay that for our own courts,
and we have paid it; so that, so far as our
Courts are concerned, there is no necessity for
this amendment, slid so far us the State courts
are concerned 1 doubt at least the power of
the General Government to pass it.
At a proper time 1 shall therefore move a
substitute for iliis amendment, which will read
as follows;
Whoever, being a corporation or natural person,
and owner or m ebArge of uny public inn, or of any
place of public amusement or etitoruinnieiit for
which a license from any Ictr;ii authority isrequired,
or of any line «!' stage-coachc, ruilro.td, or other
means ol public carnage oi passengers or freight,
or ot any comclery.or other benevolent institution,
or any public riohoot supported at public expense or
by endowment tor public use, shall m:ike any dis-
tinction a-i to admission or privileges therein
against any citizen ot the United States because of
race, color, or pluvious coudition of servitude, shall,
on conviction thereof, be fined not less than 45C0,
nor more than $o,0U0 tor each offense, to be recov-
ered by information tit* d by the district attorney in
any couit having jurisdiction, upon the complaint
of any person injured, one half to the use of the
United States, and one half to the use of tho com-
plainant.
Sec. 2. That all offenses under this aet may be
prosecuted before any territorial, district, or circuit
court of t.he United States having jurisdiction of
crimes at the place where the offense is charged to
have been committed.
It will be seen that I have included every-
thing in this substitute which is embraced and
intended to be provided for in theamendmeut
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
with the single exception of churches, which
I think Congress has no constitutional power
to regulate, and that I have changed the pro-
vision in regard to cemeteries, so as not to inter-
fere with those which are merely incorporated,
but only as to those which are supported at
the public expense or by endowment for pub-
lic use. In other words, I think the ground
upon which this common right of all the citi-
zens of this country to participate in the ben-
efits of benevolent institutions should be based
is not whether it happeus or not to be incor-
porated, but whether it is supported 'it the
public expense.
I wish to say a few words in regard to the
constitutionality of the substitute which Isliall
propose; and, Mr. President, when we come
to consider the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments to the Constitution it
must be understood that we are entering upon
a new field of constitutional discussion, and I
mean to speak upon this subject with great
modesty and circumspection, because in the
absence of judicial exposition it is impossible
to lay down any rule for construing these
amendments which subsequent reflection and
the occurrence of new cases will not convince
us should be modified or changed.
There are two prominent theories upon this
subject.
One is that the fourteenth amendment has
totally changed the nature of this Govern-
ment, that it has abolished State govern-
ments, consolidated all power in Congress;
and I recollect hearing a speech some days
ago in which it was in substance declared that
the States derived their lights Iroin the Con-
stitution of the United States. Mr. President,
that theory cannot be maintained, in view of
the history of this country, the text of the
Constitution, judicial exposition, all comment-
aries on the subject, and the common under-
standing of the people.
This Government was established by thir-
teen States; thirteen then existing sovereign
States. When the people of those States
adopted the Constitution of the United States,
and made it, the supreme law over them, they
certainly relinquished many of the attributes
of sovereignty, and when sovereignty surren-
ders any of its prerogatives it so far ceases to
bo sovereign. The States are not sovereign
in the sense in which Great Britain is sover-
eign, or in the sense in which they were sov-
ereign before they tied their bands by the Arti-
cles of Confederation, or by the Constitution,
or by whatever other means or instrumentali-
ties that end was accomplished. They are
sovereign in certain respects; or it would be a
more appropriate and correct use of language
to say that while they are not sovereign, the
powers of sovereignty, the legislative, judi-
cial, and executive powers, which we class in
the designation of sovereign powers, are dis-
tributed between the General Government and
the Slate governments.
For certain purposes, for the purpose of
declaring and making war, raising an army
and navy, coining money, and other purposes,
the sovereign power of this people is vested in
the General Government; but for the purpose
ot regulating religion, for the purpose of build-
ing highways, and bridges, and poor-houses,
and court-houses, and State-houses, the sover-
eign power of the people is vested in the State
governments. That is the doctrine of the
Constitution ; it is the doctrine of the judicial
courts, and the doctrine which is universally
approved by the judicial and professional mind.
And the harmony of our system consists in an
exict observance of it; or rather, that there
should be harmony in oar system, it is indis-
pensable that we should carefully mark the
dividing line between the powers of the Federal
and State Governments, and in exercising
Federal powers take care never to pass the
line, and to take care that the States never
encroach upon Federal authority. Thus each
government revolves in its own orbit, each
performing its own duty and exercising its own
powers without collision; for where the sover-
eign power is vested in one government in
reference to a particular subject, that power
is not vested in the other, with a few trifling
exceptions, such as taxation, which is common
to both.
The other view is that the fourteenth amend-
ment amounts to nothing; that it has added
nothing to the Constitution of the country;
that it declares elementary principles; that,
in other words, it is made up of cunning
phrases, of political catch-words to soothe the
anxieties of the people, but added nothing,
changed nothing, accomplished nothing. That
extreme is just as erroneous as the oppo-
site one which would concentrate the whole
powers ot sovereignty in the Federal Govern-
ment. We must draw a line somewhere, as
cases arise, between these two extremes; and
without assuming or pretending or having the
vanitytosuppo.se for a moment that I can draw
that line clearly and for all cases, I desire to
speak for a few moments, more by way of throw-
ing out suggestions to be thought of by others
than delivering or declaring any well-formed
opinion of my own, beeause as I said, the
absence of judicial decisions on these great
amendments, and in view of the tremendous
consequences that would follow from any erro-
neous construction of them, it behooves any
man in construing them to go slowly, to bo
cautious and careful, and see to it that he
does not dogmatically or in a frantic party
spirit lay down principles merely to serve the
interests of the hour, which must subsequently
be abandoned. Before coming to this, I desire
to refer to one or two remarks of the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumnkk] yesterday
on this subject. He said:
" When I allude to the Declaration
Meaning the Declaration of Independence—
" I know well the way with which such an allusion
is received on this floor. I have lived through a
period of history, and do not forget that I here heard
that great title-deed arraigned as a 'self-evident
lie.' There arc Senators now who, while hesitating
to adopt that vulgar extravagance of dissont, are
willing to trifle with it as a rule of interpretation.
I am not frightened. Sir, I insist that tho Consti-
tution must bo interpreted by tho Declaration. I
insist that tho Declaration is of equal and coordi-
nate authority with the Constitution itself."
Mr. President, I allude to this subject be-
cause I suppose I was referred to in the remark
which the Senator made. On a former occa-
sion, in discussing a constitutional question
here, I understood that Senator to deduce the
power of the General Government to do a cer-
tain thing from the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and I dissented from that opinion, and in
the heat of an ex tempore speech I said that
the Declaration of Independence was a " revo-
lutionary pronunciamiento." The Senator from
Massachusetts left this Senate, I suppose,
deeply pained by my utterance of that phrase.
At all events, in fourteen days afterward he
came here with a carefully prepared, written,
and I believe printed arraignment of myself 
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. He is mistaken.
Mr. CARPENTER. I always grant par-
don. I am only stating the fact, as the record
shows it. It was a speech arraigning me for
having used that unfortunate phrase. Mr.
President, 1 supposed when I heard the Sen-
ator say that he insisted that the Declaration
was to be used as a rule of interpretation, that
he had come at last upon perfectly safe ground;
but then followed a sentence which confused
me agian, in which he said:
" I insist that the Declaration is of equal and
coSrdinate authority with the Constitution itself.''
