1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
I am not certain that I understand what the
Senator means by saying that it is of equal
and coordinate authority. If he means ibat
it, equally with the Constitution, confers !
power upon Congress, that, as grants of power ;
from the people to the General Government, '
the Constitution and the Declaration are
coordinate, then I dissent. But turning to
the speech of the Senator from Maine, where |
he was interrupted by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, this occurred:
" Sir. Morrill, of Maine. That the Declaration
of Independence is an influence, as I said the other
day, nobody questions; but that it is a power in the .
Constitution, and ought to be treated as a provision !
in the Constitution and as a substantive power"— i
By which I suppose he means a substantive
grant of power—
" 1 did not suppose there was a boy anywhere in
the land, who had ever seen or heard of a law-book,
that could believe it.
"Mr. Sumner. My friend will remember that I
did not say the Declaration of Independence was a
substantive power. I said the Constitution of the
tJnited States in all its powers must be interpreted
by theDeclaration."
Then I was about to rise and make my
obeisance to the Senator from Massachusetts;
but the Senator from Maine called him more
directly to the point in this way:
"Mr. Mokbill, of Maine. The Senator said
that the Declaration was as much an authority as
the Constitution of theUnited States.
Mr. Sdmxer. Very well; that I do say, certainly,
and a little more."
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I say a little
more in what it is ; that is, as a rule of inter-
pretation. If you give preference to either, it
is to the Declaration. Indeed, I cannot escape
from that conclusion. It is earlier in time;
it is loftier, more majestic, more sublime in
character and principle.
Mr. CARPENTER. But, Mr. President,
the trouble with the loftiest things frequently is
that, they are not practical. A flower may be
far more beautiful than a grain of wheat or a
potato, but the former will not sustain life,
while the latter will. Now, the true theory is
plain. If the Senatorfrom Massachusetts says
that in doubtful cases it is the duty of a court
or the duty of the Senate or the duty of any-
public officer to consider the Declaration of
Independence, he is right. So he must con-
sider the whole history of this country; he
must consider the history of the colonies, the
Articles of Confederation, all anterior history.
That is a principle of municipal law. A con-
tract entered into between two individuals, in
the language of the cases, must be read in the
light of the circumstances that surrounded the
parties who made it. Certainly the Constitu-
tion of the United States must be construed
upon the same principle, and when we are con-
sidering a doubtful question the whole former
history of the country, the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, the writings of Washington and of
Jefferson and of Madison, the writings in the
Federalist—everything that pertained to that
day and gives color and tone to the Constitu-
tion, must be considered. But when you have
done this, if you find a provision of the Consti-
tution not in harmony with the Declaration of
Independence you must follow the Constitu-
tion, because you have sworn to support it and
have not sworn to support the Declaration.
You employ the Declaration of Independence
as you employ the Bible, and all literature,
and all learning, and all history, and common
sense, to find out what was intended in the
phrase which was put into the Constitution.
When you have by the use of all these means
decided upon a particular point, and believe
that the Constitution intended to accomplish a
certain end, then, although you may be con-
vinced that it is iu direct antagonism with the
Declaration of Independence, you have sworn
to support the Constitution.
Now, a few words upon these constitutional
amendments. In the first place, let me turn
to the thirteenth:
"Suction X. Neither slavery nor involuntary serv-
itude, exccpt as a punishment for crime, whereol
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within the United States, or any place subject to
their jurisdiction.
" Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforeo this
article by appropriate legislation."
Then comes the fourteenth and the fifteenth
amendments, with the same grant of power to
Congress.
I now come to a point of the speech made
yesterday by the Senator from Massachusetts
in which I fully concur. The language em-
ployed in these clauses which grant power to
Congress in the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-
teenth amendments, is not different in phrase-
ology merely, but substantially different from
the provision in the original Constitution.
Let me turn to that. The last clause in the
legislative articlc is :
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department
or officer thereof."
Now, I call the attention of the Senate to
the precise language. It is a sweeping pro-
vision, very broad, very ample, but it is con-
fined to the passage of laws necessary and
proper to carry out the powers conferred upon
the General Government. Thisoriginal Con-
stitution contains several classes of provisions.
In the first place, here is the first article con-
ferring legislative power upon Congress; then
the executive article conferring executive
power upon the President; then the judiciary
article conferring power upon the courts.
Those were all articles conferring powers
upon the Government which this Constitu-
tion created. Then we find a class of miscel-
laneous provisions; and then we come to sec-
tion ten, which reads:
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation, grant letters of marque and reprisal,
coin money, emit bills of credit,'' &e.
This section lays inhibitions upon the States.
Had Congress any power to enforce those pro-
hibitions by legislation? None whatever. The
Constitution did not provide that Congress
should have power to make laws necessary and
proper to enforce the provisions of this Con-
stitution. There were provisions in this Con-
stitution which they never intended to author-
ize Congress to enforce; provisions which
merely laid restraints upon the States, and
the good faith of the State was regarded as
a sufficient guarantee that they would be
observed. In the sensitiveness of the people
at that time about State sovereignty and State
rights, and with the fear entertained by many
that too much power had been granted to the
General Government, such a grant of power
could not have been expected, and it is not
found in the Constitution. The grant is to
pass all laws necessary, a power to execute
the powers conferred on the General Govern-
ment, but no power is given to legislate in the
way of enforcing these restraining provisions
upon the States.
When you come to the thirteenth and four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments, it is to be
borne in miud, (and here I adopt the principle
which I understand the Senator from Massa-
chusetts at last to laydown,) we must consider
the circumstances that surrounded those who
adopted the amendments. The sensitiveness
| that existed about interfering with States when
! the original Constitution was adopted bad been
drowned in blood. We had seen States faith-
! less to their constitutional obligations; we had
' seen States disregarding their known duties as
I defined by the Constitution; we had seen
! States wheeling out of the Union, raising
armies and navies and marching them upon
: the capital of the nation. We knew then by
i sad experience that to say no State should do
1 a certain thing would not necessarily insure
| obedience, and therefore we find the power
i granted to Congress by these three amend-
ments totally and substantially different. It
is not a grant of power to pass laws necessaiy
and proper to execute powers conferred upon
the General Government, but it is a power
to enforce the provisions of these articles by
appropriate legislation.
What is the meaning ofenforcing this article?
I listened with great pleasure and interest,
as I always do, to the speech of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] the other day upon
this subject. He is too good a lawyer to say
anything on any subject relating to the Con-
stitution and laws that does not interest me ;
but it sesms to me that he stuck in the bark.
When this Constitution provides that the
States shall not do a certain thing, that they
shall not abridge the rights of citizens, that
they shall deny no citizen the protection of
the laws, and then empowers Congress to
enforce those provisions, it is a different thing
from the grant of power in the old Constitution.
The Senator says you cannot enforce a nega-
tion. I answer the Senator by reading the
text of the amendments, which says Congress
shall enforce their provisions. Now, if we
cannot enforce a negation, as the Senator says,
still we must enforce, by positive enactments,
the principles intended to be secured by these
amendments.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. THURM AN. I do not remember having
used any such expression.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not suppose you
did. I do not pretend to remember the exact
expression, but I am stating what I understood
to be the effect of the Senator's argument on
the subject. I have not his speech before me,
and I have never seen it in print; but I hap-
pened to be in the chair at the time it was
delivered, and listened to it attentively, and I
have given my recollection of the drift and
substance of it. I understand the Senator's
opinion to be—and if I am mistaken about
that I shall be very happy to know that I am
mistaken—-that Congress under the fourteenth
amendment, for instance, can do nothing by
way of positive enactment to enforce thp end
intended to be secured by that amendment,
except to provide that the States shall not do
what they are forbidden to do by that amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. My idea, if the Senator
desires me to state it, is that the remedy is pre-
cisely the same under the fourteenth amend-
ment as it was under the original Constitution.
If a State violated one of the prohibitions im-
posed upon it by the original Constitution it
was competent for Congress to afford a remedy,
because by that Constitution the judicial power
extended to all questions arising under the
Constitution. That being the judicial power
you might make a case for your judiciary, you
might provide by your legislation to make a
case for your judiciary wherever a State vio-
lated any one of the inhibitions imposed by
the original Constitution. In that way you do
provide for executing a power conferred upon
one of the departments of this Government, to
wit, the judiciary; and I say that the remedy
is precisely the same under the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is substantially
what I understood the Senator to say on that
point. He does not speak now of the precise
point to which I alluded, and which I under-
stood him to maintain. I have no purpose of
attempting to answer that Senator on this or
any other question ; but I allude to it because
he stated his views upon it. Of course he un-
derstands that.
I say the distinction between the two cases
is found in the different language _ of the two
provisions. Under the old Constitution, it is
true, there was a remedy resulting from the
powers conferred upon the courts. Because
the judicial power of the Union extended to
all cases arising under the Constitution, it was
in the power of that department of the Gov-
ernment to hear causes which involved an
attempt of a State to violate any of the pro-.
