1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8449
Mr. DAWES. How many more amend-
ments are there?
The SPEAKER. There are twenty-one.
Mr. DAWES. I must move then to go
into Committee of the Whole on the tariff.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not think
that there will be any more debate.
The SPEAKER. If any further debate
arises the Chair will recognize the gentleman
to make his motion.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; then I yield for
the present.
The amendments having all been acted
upon,
Mr. SWANN moved to reconsider the vari-
ous votes by which the House concurred or
non-concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SWANN moved that a committee of
conference be requested upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF 1SUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the tariff and tax
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question, and submit the resolu-
tion I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives be, and are hereby, authorized to
adjourn this session of their rcspectivo^ Houses on
the 29th of May instant, at twelve moridian, until
the last Wednesday of November next, at twelve
o'clock meridian.
Mr. DAWES. That, of course, will cause
debate, and I hope my colleague will withdraw
it for the present. Does this resolution super-
sede my motion to suspend the rules and go
into Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would;
it is of very high privilege, second only to a
motion to adjourn finally.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
w.ithdraw the resolution for the present, but I
give notice that I will renew it to-morrow
morning.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the House to give
to the Committee on Naval Affairs Thursday
evening of next week for the consideration of
reports from that committee. We have had
no opportunity so far to make reports.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] not to press his
request at this time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman not to press it now. We have a very
large appropriation bill yet for the House to
act upon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask for Thursday even-
ing of next week.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know ; but
we cannot get the miscellaneous appropriation
bill up before next week.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman knows
that the House will notactupon appropriation
bills in night sessions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
about that.
Mr. DAWES. One thing is certain ; if the
resolution of my colleague [Mr. Butler]
should be adopted for adjournment on the
29th instant, it would be impossible to get
through with the appropriation bills and the
bill which I have in charge without working
on them evenings. I insist upon my motion
to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to allow
some time for debate on the pending section
of the tariff bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there objection to my
request?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not understand
them to object, but merely to request me not
to press it now.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I object.
Mr. HEREFORD. If we are to continue
in session for some weeks longer, what is the
use of having night sessions? if we are to
adjourn soon, I have no objection to meeting
evenings.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon the motion of the geutleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] to suspend
the rules and go into Committee of the Whole
upon the tariff and tax bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that we may
have half an hour for debate upon matters
not contained in the pending section.
Mr. DAWES. There is nothing in my sub-
stitute that I did not give notice beforehand
of my intention to offer. Now, I wish to say
this in reply to the very unkind charge which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
made against me yesterday, and his unfairness
in refusing in the next breath to allow me to
state a fact which probably he did not know.
Mr. BROOKS. I take it all back.
Mr. DAWES. Of course I do not want to
discuss the question of fairness with any gen-
tleman who does not appreciate the quality of
fairness any more than that. I only want to
state the fact that I did not offer anything that
is in my substitute without having given notice
of it before debate was closed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to allow half an hour for debate. I assure
him it will facilitate action on the substitute.
Mr. DAWES. You can vote down the sub-
stitute if you do not like it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that debate
be extended for half an hour.
The motion to extend debate was not agreed
to, upon a division—a.ves 59, noes 12.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will take much
longer to get through wilh the pending para-
graph than to take half an hour for debate.
i,have of absence.
Mr. BEVERIDGE was granted leave of
absence for ten days.
taiuki' and tax bill.
Mr. DAWES. I now insist upon my motion
to suspend the rules and go into Committee of
the Whole upon the tariff and tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (II. R. No. to
reduce duties on imports, and to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment is one offered by the gentleman ftom
Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] to the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] The Clerk will read theamend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the words " on lumber and manufactures of
lumber" add the following:
Provided further, That 110 duties shall bo levied
or collected upon lumber and timber imported to bo
used in building ships or for lcncinK,
Mr. DAWES. I desire to press on with
this bill as much as possible. It' we can pass
from this section I will withdraw my substi-
tute altogether.
Mr. KERR. I hope that will be done.
The C UAIRMAN. is there any objection ?
The Chair heais none. The Clerk will read
the next seciion. _
Mr. KElvIi. I desire to inquire whether 1
am right m assuming that we now stand upon
the action of the committee in its amendments
to the text of the bill, unchanged by either ot
these substitutes.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the understand-
ing of the Chair. ,
Mr. KERB. One other inquiry. Has the
item of steel, which was embraced yesterday
in the provisions of the previous substitute, •
been struck out?
Mr. DAWES. It is in the bill, as I under-
stand.
The CHAIRMAN. All the amendments
adopted by the Committee of the Whole
remain in the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sue. 3. That on and after the day and year when
this act shall take effect, in lieu of the duties here-
tofore imposed by law on the articles mentioned in
this section, there shall be lovied, collected, and paid
on the goods, wares, and merchandise in this section
enumerated, imported from foreign countries, the
following duties and rates of duties; that is to say:
On all burlaps and like manufactures of flax, jute,
or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp shall be the
component material of chief value, excepting such
as may bo suitable for uso as bagging for covering
cotton or for tho uses to which such bagging is ap-
plied, thirty per cent, ad valorem; on all oil-cloth
foundations or floor-cloth canvas, made of flax, jut e,
or hemp, or of which flax, juto, or hemp shall bo tho
component material of chief value, forty por cent.
ad valorem; on all bugs, cotton b:i s, and bogging,
and allother like manufactures notherein otherwise
provided for and not suitablo for uso as bagging for
covering cotton, composed wholly or in part of flax,
hemp, juto, gunny cloih, gunny bags, or other mate-
rial, forty por cent, ad valorem.
On fine fl «x,dre?^od, unmanufactured,suitable for
shoe-thread and tailors'thread, valued at twenty-
five cents per pound or more, three fourths of a cont
por pound.
Ou boards, planks, staves, laths, scantling, spars,
hewn and sawed timber, and timber used in building
wharves, ton per cent, ad x>alorem.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by striking
out the last paragraph read by the Clerk and
inserting in lieu thereof the following, which is
taken from the bill already passed by the Senate:
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
ol hemlock, white-wood, sycamoro, and bass-wood,
ono dollar por thousand feet board moasure.
On all other varieties ofsawed lumber, iwo dollars
per thousand feet board measure: I'ruoidctl, That
when lumber of any sort is planod or finished, in
addition ro tho ratos herein provided, there shall he
levied and paid, for each side so planed or finished,
one dollar per thousand i'eet; and if planed on ono
aide and tonguod and grooved, two dollars por thou-
sand feet; and if planed on two sides and tongued
and grooved, $2 50 por thousand foot.
Mr. FARNSWOUTH. Why, Mr. Chair-
man, the amendment of tho gentleman trora
Maine [Mr. LrNon] increases the duties upon
lumber.
Mr. LYNCH. Not upon pine lumber.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir. It pro-
poses to make the duty upon pine boards un-
dressed two dollars per thousand feet. Tho
present duly is twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. LYNCH. The present duty on lumber
is lower than upon any other tnanuf'aetured
article inio winch so much labor enters as
into the production of lumber.
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. The present duty
on pine boards undressed is twenty per cent.
ad valorem. Two dollars per thousand feet is
tnoie than that, as the statistics will show.
Mr. LYNCH. I am willing to modify my
amendment by inserting pine among tho
classes of lumber paying one dollar per
thousand feel. The proposition 1 have sub-
mitted, which is that of the Senate bill, makes
a considerable reduction of the present duty
upon lumber.
Mr. KERR. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Maine whether his proposition in-
creases the duties on any kind of lumber or
timber.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not understand that it
does. On the contrary, l understand that it
reduces the duties considerably. _ The duty ou
lumber under the present tariff is, as I have
said, lower than on any other manufactured
article into which so much labor enters. In
the article of lumber the labor is about eighty
per cent. The percentage of duty proposed
by my amendment would not be over hiteeu
per cent., and much less on pine lumber,
while the duty on coal, a raw material, is,
even at the reduced rate now proposed, over
forty per cent. _ _ , ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Cierk will read
the amendment of the gentleman from Maiao
as now modified.
