1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4845
very construction, that we claim. That is not
very old. I will endeavor to show the Senator
what be says lie has not been able to find,
before the bill is disposed of in the Senate,
that an appropriation has not been made. I
have not seen the act, but I have the informa-
tion that three distinct appropriations have
been made; I have not seen them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will tell ray friend that
I have looked into the last two appropriation
bills, and am unable to find any reference
whatever to the subject.
Mr. S TEVENSON. I have asked the gen-
tleman who called my attention to it to look
into the acts.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be found under the
general head of" interest or non interest pay-
nig funds." It will be found in every appro-
priation bill'since 1866.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. President,
the Senator says that the " annuities " com-
prehend this fund. I beg leave to differ with
the gentleman. Giving to the word ''annuities"
its broadest legal signification, it included
only annuities due the nation. It was not
and could not, by any sort of legal language
or legal interpretation, have been made by
any just construction to apply to a sacred
trust fund held for an individual class per
capita, not per stirpes; and hence the injus-
tice of this construction of the word " annu-
ity " applied to the Creek nation, who had
received iheir full quota when these orphans
had only received these twenty sections. Now
it, is proposed to include them under this term
"annuity."
' But, sir, I refer to another fact. In 1862 the
Piesidentof the United States was empowered
by Congress to declare at an end all our In-
dian treaties provided he had reason to believe
that the Indians were disloyal to the United
States. He failed to do so. No effort was
made judicially to confiscate this property, and
those who had actually been in arms could not
have their' property confiscated except by judi-
cial process and judicial proceeding. And
now, indirectly, it is proposed to take from
these Indian orphans, or those who were or-
phans in 1832, this little pittance for which
under the obligation of the treaty the United
States was constituted a trustee.
I have no kuowledge of any agents in this
matter. None have approached me. I ex-
amined this question as I woald a law ques-
tion. When 1 looked into this matter and
talked with the officers of the Interior Depart-
ment and examined all these acts, with the
opinion of the Assistant Attorney General and
with the opinion of the acting Secretary of the
Interior, I came to the conclusion that this
was as solemn a debt, increased perhaps in its
sacred character by the nature of the cestui
que trusts of whom the United States was the
trustee, as Congress was ever called upon to
protect.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, a
good deal of stress has been laid on the point
that this fund is a national fund, thatit belongs
to the nation. How did it originate ? Espe-
cially from the sale of lands set apart especially
for the Creek orphans. Now, if the Creek
orphans are the Creek nation, then this fund
belongs to the nation.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will now furnish the text of
the statute, in one appropriation bill, called
for by the honorable Senator from Vermont.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. HAUL AN. He will find it on page
570, beginning on page 569, of the sixteenth
volume, Statutes-at-Large, under the heading
'•interest on trust-fund stocks:"
"For paymeut of interest on certain abstracted
and non-paying State stocks belonging to various
Indian tribes, for the fiscal year endms June<S0,
1870"—
Held in trust by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. I will read a few of them :
" For interest on certain stocks and bonds belong-
ing to the Cherokee national lund.
' For interest on certain stocks and bonds belong-
ing to. the Cherokee school fund.
" For interest on certain stocks and bonds belong-
ing to the Chickasaw nationaf fund.
"For interest on certain stocks and bonds belong-
ing to the Chickasaw incompetents.
" For interest on certain stocks and bonds belong-
ing to the Choctaw general fund.
•' For interest on certain stocks and bonds belong-
ing to the Creek orphans, §6,423 14."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I was saying that if
the proceeds of these lands were set apart for
a portion of the nation it could not be justly
said that it was for the nation ; and it makes
no difference whether this portion of the
nation was large or small; it is precisely the
same as though ithad been set apart for a half
dozen or for three.
Now, if you will go back and look at the
treaties which have been made with the differ-
ent tribes of Indians, you will find this fact:
sections of land have been set apart for chiefs ;
sections of land have been set apart for indi-
viduals ; and afterward treaties have been
made for the purchase of those lands of the
chiefs, of the individuals, and the money has
been paid to whom ? Not to the nation, but to
the individuals. This is a parallel case. These
lands were set apart for a portion of the Creek
tribe, and the nation, as a whole, bad no right
whatever to it any more than this nation has a
right to my private property.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckingham, Cooper, Corbett,
Crasin, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Stevenson,
Vickers, West, and Windom—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames Anthony, Bore-
man, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Howe, John-
ston, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Ramsey, Rice,
Sawyer. Scott, Sprague, Stewart, *md Stockton—25.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of "West Virginia, Ffnton, Ferry
ot Connecticut. Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morton, Norwood, O.-fborn, Patterson,
Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbuiy, Schurz, Sherman,
Spencer, bumner, Xhurman, Tipton, Trumbull.
Wilson, and Vf right—32.
So the amendment, as amended, was re-
jected.
increase or pensions.
Mr. PRATT. Some two or three days since
I submitted a report from a committee of con-
ference on the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 1073) in-
creasing the rates of pension to certain per-
sous therein described. I now move that that
report, with the bill and the amendments, be
recommitted to the same committee. There
is a prospect of an agreement between the
committees of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
message ehom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1671) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain forti-
fications and other works of defense, asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Wil-
liam E. NiBLACKof Indiana, Mr. William G.
Donnan of Iowa, and Mr. Gineky Iwichell
of Massachusetts, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 2208) making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain publie works on rivers and har-
bors, and for other purposes, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Philetds
Sawyer of Wisconsin, Mr. Lionel A. Shel-
don of Louisiana, and Mr. Samuel J. Ran-
dall of Pennsylvania, managers at the same
on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the resolutions of the
Senate directing the joint Committee on En-
rolled Bills to correct errors in the enrollment
of the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 546) relative to homestead
settlers burned out in the States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2683) to grant additional
compensation to the marshal of the district of
South Carolina for the period of four months
and ten days.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. It. No. 1804) to amend an act
entitled "An act relative to collection districts
in North Carolina," approved February 25,
1867 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2973) to refund duties
paid on goods, wares, and tnercbandise .re-
maining in bond or store on the 1st day of
August, 1872.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
An act (H. R. No. 40) for the relief of
Joseph A. Clay, of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 114) for the relief of
the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodyard, late of the twenty-first Missouri
infantry ;
An act. (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of
Horace B. Shepard, of Indiana ;
An act (H. R. No. 639) for the relief of
John A. Green;
An act (H. R. No. 1419) fof the relief of
Michael T. Gannett;
An act (H. R. No. 1420) for the relief of
F. E. Reed, of Bath, Maine ;
An act (H. Ii. No. 1421) referring the claim
of the heirs and legal representatives of
Colonel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court
of Claims for adjustment;
An act (H. R. No. 1274) for the relief of
Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana;
An act (H. R. No. 1382) for the relief of
Alexander McArthur, of the city of Corurina,
in the State of Michigan ;
An act (H. R. No. 1241) for the relief of
A. G. Booth, late assistant assessor in the
twenty-first revenue district of Pennsylvania;
An act (H. R. No. 1261) for the relief of
Thomas D. West, of Sandusky, in the State
of Ohio ;
An act (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
William T. Bowers;
An act (H. R. No. 1942) for the relief of
D. C. Farrell, of Peoria, Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 2029) for the relief of
Charles Thompson, of New Orleans, Louis-
iana ;
An act (H. R. No. 2032) for the relief of
Dr. John H. McQuown, of Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 2038) for the relief of
William M. Stafford, late acting district attor-
ney lor Montana Territory ;
An act (H. R. No. 2162) for the relief of
T. P. ltobb, of Savannah, Georgia;
An act (H. R. No. 2035) to provide for the
examination and payment of the claim of
AJbert'Grant;
An act (H. R. No. 2709) for the relief of
the State of Connecticut and other States;
An act (H. R. No. 2788) for the relief of
Richard 11. Boiling;
An act (H. R. No. 2789) for the relief of
John J. Smith ; , „ •
An act (H. R. No. 2701) for the relief of
William J. Clark, administrator of Gad E.
Upson, deceased;
An act (tl. R. No. 2890) for the relief of
Dwight J. McCann ;
