762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
visions of the Constitution, and it did not need
any -statute to enforce (hat right. It was a
power conferred by the Constitution itself.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh!
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not pretend that
legislation was not necessary to organize the
court, give them a seal, &c.
Mf. '1 HUE.MAN. Give them jurisdiction—
the whbte appellate jurisdiction.
Mr. CARPENTER. No ; I beg pardon.
The jurisdiction of the Federal courts is con-
ferred by the Constitution, and vro cannot give
them any other jurisdiction, atid we never have.
There is not a single subject over which the
Federal courts can to-day exercise jurisdiction
that is not-conferred on them by the Constitu-
tion itself.
Mr. THURMAN. If I do not disturb my
friend's argument, I will say that is very true;
the (>ower must be given by the Constitution ;
but is not a statute necessary to give Ihem
nppellate jurisdiction ? Are there any circuit
courts or district courts created by the Consti-
tution?
Mr. CARPENTER, My friend from Ohio
is certainly too good a lawyer and too astute a
man not to see that that is wandering away
from the question I am discussing.
I am not discussing at present what is the
precise distribution of jurisdiction between the
Federal courts as to each other, nor what is
original and what is appellate power. 'That is
a subject totally out of my field. What f
assert is that the jurisdiction in the Federal
courts, and all the jurisdiction they possess, is
conferred by the Constitution itself, and that
the provision which is found in the legislative
article that Congress may make all laws neces
aary to carry out the powers conferred in the
Constitution does not. enable us to enlarge
thatjurisdietion ; and Congress never has (lone
it, nor pretended to do it. If it has, the act
is unconstitutional. Of course there have
been differences of opinion as to whether par-
ticular acts passed did or did not confer uncon-
stitutional jurisdiction; but such acts were
vindicated upon the ground that they did not.
confer a jurisdiction beyond that, confetred by
the Constitution; and no one ever pretended
that Congress could confer a jurisdiction upon
the Federal courts which was not conferred by
tho Constitution.
But to return. I say that the clauses grant-
ing power to Congress in these articles are so
different from the clause which grants such
power in the old Constitution that wo must
infer an intention to grant it different power.
Turn, for instance, to the fourteenth amend-
ment:
"All persons horn or naturalized in tho Unitod
btatcB. awl subject, to tho jurisdiction thereof, are
cihzQusot tbu United Stat oa mid of tiio St/Uo wherein
thay reside. No Slate shall mu-kc of cnforco any
law which shall abridgotho privileges or immunities
of citizens of tho United States."
In a speech in the Senate the other day it
was asked, " What, is the meaning of this pro-
vision ; how does it differ from the provision in
the old Constitution, article four, section two ?"
'.'The citizens of each Htate shall bo entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in tho sovorai
fctatos.
The provision in the fourteenth amendment is:
"KoStato shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immuuitios of citi-
zens of tho United States,"
ihe difference between these provisions is
manifest and broad. Under the old Constitu-
tion a citizen removing from Maine to South
Carolina did not carry with him tho rights
which belonged to him as a citizen of Maine.
He was simply entitled when in South Caro-
lina to such privileges and immunities as the
law of that State granted to citizens of his
class. For instance, when a colored man leav-
ing Massachusetts, where he could vote, went
to South Carolina, ho could not vote. Why?
This article did_ not reach his case. All that
lie could claim in that State under this provis-
ion was that he should have all the privileges
and immunities of colored citizens, in that
State. What were the privileges and immuni-
ties of colored citizens in South Carolina?
Voting was not one of them. So a married
woman leaving the State of Wisconsin, where
she was authorized to hold separate estate and
to make contracts, removing to a State where
the common law in that particular prevailed,
did not carry with her the right to buy and
hold real estate and make contracts concern-
ing it. She took her place in the new State
with whatever privileges and immunities be-
longed to the married females of that State.
In other words, when citizens went from one
State to another, their rights in the State to
which they removed wero determined by the
constitution and laws of that State.
Turn now to the fourteenth amendment; it
does not merely provide that a citizen remov-
ing from one State to another shall be en-
titled to the privileges and immunities of cit-
izens in the latter State, by the constitution
and laws thereof, as was provided by the old
Constitution ; but this amendment enters into
every Slate, and declares that in every State
every American citizen shall be entitled to,
and shall enjoy, all the privileges and immu-
nities which belong to a citizen of the United
States. By this amendment a citizen of the
United States in New York, South Carolina,
or California, is secured in the enjoyment of
the privileges and immunities which pertain
to American citizenship. The old Constitu-
lion merely forbade a State to discriminate in
this particular between its native-born citizens
and the citizens of other States coming within
its jurisdiction.
The fourteenth amendment assumes that
there are certain privileges ahd immunities
belonging to the citizens of the United States,
and it declares that 110 State shall abridge
those privileges and immunities.
If no State can make or enforce a law—and
law in this connection includes State constitu-
tions, common law, statutes, and usages in such
Stale—to abridge the rights of any citizen it
must follow that the privileges and immunities
of all citizens must be the same. If my privi-
leges are not equal^ to those of the Senator
from Maine, then mine are abridged. This no
Slate can do.
it is provided by this amendment—
" Congress shall liavo power to enforce this articlo
by appropriate legislation."
Now to say that Congress can only pass a
law declaring that, no State shall pass a law
to abridge the privileges and immunities of a
citizen, seems to me to be trifling with the
subject. The Constitution declares the same
thing. An act of Congress to the same effect
would bo merely superfluous. When, there-
fore, this amendment authorizes Congress to
pass a law to enforce this article, it must be
construed, it seems to me, to authorize the
passage of a law which shall secure the end
intended by this amendment. That is, if the
State does not, by its legislation, put all citi-
zens upon a common footing. Congress may
do so. I o say that a State shall not abridge
the right of a citizen, is merely to repeat the
Constitution in this respect; and Congress,
under the grant of power in this amendment,
must be considered as authorized to enforce,
by affirmative legislation, the object intended
to be secured by this amendment.
There is no provision of the Constitution,
that 1 am aware of, except in the fourteenth
amendment, which prevents a State from pass-
ing a law that no colored citizen shall be ad-
mitted to practice law, or be allowed to preach
the Gospel, or to teach in the schools, or to
embark in any other honorable vocation or
pursuit of life. Up to the adoption of that
amendment it was in the power of the States,
subject only to their own constitutions, to say
what persons should participate in the various
pursuits of life. It is in the power of a State,
apart from the fourteenth amendment, to pass
a law that no colored person shall be admitted
to any of the learned professions, and thus
practically degrade him to a condition as ser-
vile as that of a slave. The fourteenth amend-
ment provides that no State shall make or
enforce any law which shall abridge the privi-
leges and immunities of any citizen. It has
been asked in our recent debates what those
words mean. The best definition I know is
that given .by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, in the case of Cummings vs. The
State of Missouri, (4 Wallace, 321.) The court
say:
_" In France, deprivation or suspension of civil
rights, or of some of thenv, and among these of the
right of voting, of eligibility to office, of taking part
in family councils, of bein,g guardian or trusteo, of
bearing arms, and of teaching or being employed in
a school or seminary of learning, are punishments
proscribed by her code.
"The theory upon which our political institutions
rest is, that all men have oertain inalienable rights;
that among these are life, liberty, and tho pursuit
of happiness; and that in the pursuit of happiness
all avocations, all honors, all positions, are alike
opon to every one, and that in the protection ofthese
rights all are equal before the law. Any deprivation
or suspension of any of these rights for past conduct
is punishment, and can bo in no otherwise defined."
The court in the Garland case, reported in
the same volume, declared principles entirely
consistent with and in affirmance of this doc-
trine. So that it may safely be affirmed that
the privilege of practicing law, if a man can
meet the test and pass the necessary examina-
tion in the courts ; the right of preaching the
gospel, if employed and settled according to
the usages of any particular church ; the right
of giving instruction in the public schools—all
these are privileges of an American citizen,
and why can they not be taken away from him
in' a particular State? They might be under
the old Constitution, but not under the four-
teenth amendment, because this amendment
goes into every State and declares " You shall
neithermake hereafter, nor enforce if you have
it at present, any law which shall abridge the
privileges and immunities of a citizen of the
United States."
That great amendment opened the bar to
colored men. It is that wbich offers all the
pursuits and avocations of life to the colored
man in all the States of the Union. Strike
down that amendment, or, what would be pre-
cisely the same thing, construe it in such a
niggardly spirit as to make it mean no more
than the old Constitution meant, and you
strike down the rights of the colored people
all over this country; and I undertake to say
there is not a provision in the Constitution of
the United States apart from the fourteenth
amendment which would prevent a State from
excluding negroes from the practice of the law
to-morrow. _ This is only one illustration ;
hundreds might be given.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to the fact that the case
which he quotes from Missouri, the Cum-
mings case, was decided before the fourteenth
amendment was passed, upon the provisions
of the Constitution as they existed anterior
to it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly it was; but
"privileges and immunities" were then what
they are now. Privileges and immunities are
protected differently now from what they were
then ; but the court was speaking of what
were the privileges and immunities of an
American citizen which could not be taken
from him as punishment. Now these same
privileges and immunities are protected in a
different way, but they are the same. The
same things which were then at the mercy of
the States in a certain particular, are now
secured and guarantied by the fourteenth
amendment. The point upon wbich the Cum-
mings case was decided was that the consti-
tution of a State which punished a man dif-
ferently from what the law provided for his
punishment when he committed the offense,
was an ex post facto law, and void under the
Constitution ; but the definition given by the
court in this case of "privileges and immuni-
ties" is as applicable now as it was then, and
