1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
engaged in commerce buy their ships where
they can buy tliem cheapest. Commissioner
Wells, in his report for 1869, sums up his state-
ment on agricultural products thus:
A summary statement of the values created by the
leading industries of the country would therefore
appear to be substantially as follows:
Agrioulture 
Cotton manufacture  £k'$39L,(M
Woolen manufacture  66,000,000
Iron production, pis? and bar  119,950,000
Leather manufactures  222,600,000
ltailway service  360,000,000
Fisheries  100,000,000
Total $4,223,000,000
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. SPBER, of Pennsylvania. Hasnotthe
gentleman from Massachusetts spoken once
already on this question ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not on this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, the echoes of the lamentations of the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, over the doleful condition
of the finances of the country, have scarcely
died away in this House, and they are still
lingering in the land. Only last week he
bewailed the extravagance of legislation, and
predicted great national embarrassment unless
a halt be speedily called. And yet to-day we
find him with his arm deep down into the
national Treasury, endeavoring to take from it
a subsidy of $1,000,000 for the benefit of a
steamship company, thus aiding, with his rec-
ognized influence upon this floor, to produce
the very result which he so strongly and pit-
eously deplored. Sir, I admit his shrewdness,
his fine way of putting things ; but to my ear
there is no harmony between his eloquence and
his acts. He was styled here, a few days ago,
" the artful dodger," and m view of hisspeeeli
last week and his present course the country
may not regard the designation as undeserved.
His voice is always loud and clear and
strong when theories are to be advanced, and
when the note of warning is to be given to
the country; but when a bold, naked meas-
ure comes here assaulting the Treasury in the
interest of corporations and organized wealth,
his vote, uninfluenced by his own eloquence,
and regardless of his own appeals for econ-
omy, is given against the people and in favor
of the most extravagant appropriations. Of
course he is honest, and his support of this
measure springs from his conviction that it is
right; but it is the fortune or misfortune of
some gentlemen to be so peculiarly consti
tuted as to see but one side of a question
involving the interests of corporate power
and organized wealth on the one hand and
the interests of the people on the other. And
in his course, so tine in theory and so ex-
travagant. in practice, the gentleman from
Massachusetts finds an able coadjutor in the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gaufield,] the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. They are both sentinels upon
the watch-tower of the Treasury, and appeal
loudly for economy when a pension bill grant-
ing a few dollars to a poor soldier or his widow
is before ihe House; but when a proposition
ig made to grant a million of the people's
money as a subsidy to a corporation which
has already received $3,000,000 from the Gov-
ernment, they rush to its defense under the
pretense of aiding commerce and of unfurling
our flag upon the sea.
Mr. Chairman, the eloquent gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] in his advocacy of
this measure pronounced it a contest between
the flag of the American nation and the cross
of St. George. Sir, I yield not to him in
devotion to my country. I love its flag with
its stars and stripes, and I would lift it high
upon the land and upon the sea ; but I would
plant the staff of that flag deep in the affection
and love of the people. I would strengthen
it with equal and just and beneficent laws,
and I would have it float forever as the proud
emblem of a nation governed by an honest
Congress and an honest administration of the
Government.
Sir, the cross of St. George represents the
wealth and power of Britain's titled aristoc-
racy, while the flag of the Union is the pride
and boast of America's untitled millions.
The one is the hope of the few, the other of
the many. Subsidies and land grants to cor-
porations, which in plain language are rob-
beiies of the people, shed no luster upon our
flag. The glory which beams from its stars
was won from a far different field.
This reference to the flag by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] seems to me
ill-timed. His love for our prosperity upon the
sea grows weak when applied to the develop-
ment of our industries at home. He would
close the workshops and manufacturing estab-
lishments of our people for the purpose of
opening a market for the products of foreign
labor. He would keep buried in the earth our
untold mineral wealth, and hush to silence
the hoarse music of our furnaces and forges
in the interest of British capital and for the
elevation of the cross of St. George; and
then he would eulogize the American eagle,
and vote away $1,000,000 of the people's
money for the benefit of a steamship com-
pany !
Mr. Chairman, Congress has given in money
and lands almost a hundred million dollars to
the Pacific railroad companies; and now it is
proposed to give a million more of the people's
money to bring trade to these railways. If the
Government is to build these roads and then
furnish them with business, had it not better
own them and reap the profits of its own capi-
tal? If the Pacific steamship company is to
have a subsidy of $1,000,000 on the pretense
of securing to us the trade of China and
Japan, why shall not the different lines of
steamers running from our eastern cities to
Europe also receive subsidies? And then, why
shall not all the steamship companies on our
lakes and rivers receive the same Government
aid? And wherever a railroad company finds
its business unprofitable, why shall it not come
to Congress and get a subsidy, on the ground
of aiding commerce? The principle is wholly
wrong. These corpor&tions are private enter-
prises ; their profits belong to their stockhold-
ers, and their losses, if any, should be borne by
them. These subsidies are taken out of the
public Treasury, from the people's money,
and are paid to a few individuals who have
voluntarily engaged in private speculations
for their own profit. If the people are to
furnish the capital to carry on these corporate
enteiprises, to bear the losses, why shall they
not, then, share the profits? It is the law of
all general partnerships that the profits as well
as the losses shall be divided.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been ex-
hausted on the pending amendments.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew if. I do not seek
the floor, Mr. Chairman, to reply to the per-
sonal attack of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Speer,] fortheopportunity to mak'e
which he is indebted to me, but to add a few
words to what I said yesterday. If this were
a matter of dollars and cents alone, and if we
as Representatives of the nation considered
our duty in regard to its commerce with for-
eign nations to be measured solely by the
dollars and cents brought into the Treasury
of the United States, it would be the most
unwise policy that we could adopt to so crip-
ple or cramp our new and infant commerce
upon the Pacific coast as to offer temptation
or opportunity to England, or any other
rival upon the ocean, to take it away from us.
That a great commerce is springing up with
those nations of the East such as has never
yet been enjoyed by any other nation known
to us, and that we are in a position to obtain
or to lose that commerce, no man in his senses,
if he is an intelligent man, it seems to me, can
doubt. The question with us is whether, even
upon the question of dollars and cents, it is worth
while for us to expend any money in the effort
to bring to our own Treasury the profits of a
trade increasing every day, as these nations
of the East are holding out the opportunity to
the nations of the West, and inviting them to
come and trade with them, to take what they
make, and carry to them what they want. Shall
this trade be enjoyed by us, or shall we leave it
to those who will take it round the other way
by the Suez canal, and bring it to European
countries, and over the Atlantic ocean to this
country, in their vessels. Shall we thus give
away to others the carrying trade of the earth,
and all the benefits which result fr'om it?
The question, it seems to me, Mr. Chair^
man, does not admit of argument in the mind
of any except those who do not believe that
the Government is established either to foster
commerce, to foster agriculture, to foster man-
ufactures, or to foster education, but that it is
simply an iron and unyielding shoe into which,
like that of the Chinese woman, the foot ot'this
growing country is to be pressed, so that all the
rest of its lile it will tottle impotently among the
nations of the earth. Those who believe tuat
it is no part of the legitimate functions of the
Government to foster education in this land,
to foster commerce in this land, to foster agri-
culture, or to foster manufactures, may well
say that we coine up to the measure of our
duty if we see to it that the Government does
none of these things. These men can see no
advantage in endeavoring to build up the com-
merce of this country instead of surrendering
it to the ship-yards of England, closing the
ship-yards of this country, and turning adrift
the ship-builders and caulkers, the rope-mak-
ers and the canvas-makers, and sending them
across the water into the ship-yards there, and
then they cry out, "Lo, and behold, we are
building up our commerce by hoisting the flag
of another country over the trade coming to
our own country!"
Yesterday, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] having no other
answer to make to my figures, turned round
and asked, where does the gentleman get
them? Why if the gentleman had looked to
the proper place to find them he would not
have asked that question. The gentleman
asked, would we not have all this tea, and ail
these silks, if we had no facilities for carrying
them?
Mr. KERR. I did not say that.
Mr. DAWES. What would the great agri-
cultuial products of this country be worth,
what would the products to the amount of
$300,000,000, to which the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] called our attention a
moment ago, bo worth, without thefaeilities of
the carrying trade? Why have we built one
Pacific railroad, and are now constructing two
more, if the sole benefit of this Government
begins and ends with letting men do as they
please?
Would your corn be worth more to-day than
it was twenty-five years ago, when they burned
it for fuel, if it were not for the millions of
dollars which have been judiciously expended
to furnish facilities for commerce? Has it not
added fourfold, yes, sir, four-hundredfold, to
the wealth of the nation? What would ail
these great States of the West have been with
no more facilities for commerce now thau
they had twenty-five years ago ? They would
be now what they were then—rich in lands,
but poor in everything that makes land valu-
able.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a point of order. We
are speaking under the five minutes rule, and
the gentleman has spoken for a long time, in
disregard of that rule. Indeed it has been
repeatedly broken in this discussion.
