4346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
An act (H. K. No. 2888) for the relief of
Simeon Stansifer;
An act (H. R. No. 2885) for the relief of
John Milone, postmaster at Uhricksville,
Ohio;
An act (H. B. No. 2898) for the relief of
J ohu W, Pheip3, of Vermont;
. An act (H. R. No. 2907) for the relief of
the Omaha National Bank;
An act (H. R. No. 2911) for the relief of
Moritz Augenstein ;
. An act (H. R. No. 2948) for the relief of
Lucy A. Baker and Mary A, Baker, children
of John M, Baker, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 2G32) to provide for fill-
ing vacancies in certain offices in the several
Territories; and
An act (H. R. No. 2633) amendatory of an
act approved March 2, 1867, entitled " An act
amendatory of an act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana,"
approved May 26, 1864.
fortification bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1071) making
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives ; and
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on tho disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the partof theSen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Conklino, and Mr. Stevenson.
UIVKIt AND IIAKBOR BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to tho hill (H. R. No. 2208) making
appropriations for tbo repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works on
rivers and harbors, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
and
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Jiesolvid, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said hill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and ugreo to tha oonforenoe asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho
Sonato bo appyinted by tho Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Chandlkb, Mr. Buckinoham, and Mr. Vick-
BttS.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. 0. E. Baiscook, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on this
day approved and signed the following acts:
An act (8. No. 382) to provide for a build-
ing for the use of the Federal courts, post
office, internal revenue, and other civil offices
in the city of Little Roek, Arkansas ;
An act (S. No. 572) for the relief of S. D.
Houston, late receiver of public moneys at
Junction City, in the State of Kansas;
An act (8. No. 611) to continue the act to
authorize the settlement of accounts of officers
of the Army and Navy ;
An act (S. No. 739) for the relief of Sarah
A. Ward;
An act(S. No. 745) relating to a site for
public buildings in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,
and Sacramento, California;
An act (S. No. 1036) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Jackson-
ville and St. Augustine Railroad Company;
and
An act (S. No. 1045) to quiet the title to
certain lands in Dakota Territory.
change of reference.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2698) to provide for the payment
for certain property taken by the Government
for the extension of the military reservation
at Camp Mohave, in the Territory of Arizona,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims; which was
agreed to.
  bill introduced.
Mr. WINDOM asked, aud by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1191) for the relief of Hugh C. Mc-
Cormick ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
denver and rio grande railway.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
frill (S. No. 984) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Denver and Rio Grande Bail-
way Company, having met, after full and free con-
ference, have agreed to recommend, a.nd do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That tho Senato recede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the House in lines seven and
twelve, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House, adding the pro-
visos to the end of the bill, and agree to the same
with amendments as follows : on tho third line of
the first proviso, strike out the word " four" and in-
sert the word "five," and strike out the second
proviso and insert the following:
"And provided further. That the said Denver and
Rio Grande Railway Company is hereby recognized
as a lawful corporation from the date of its incorpo-
ration under the laws of Colorado, and all the pow-
ers, privileges, and franchises, bysaid laws conferred
upon said company are hereby expressly ratified,
confirmed, and legalized, as existing from tho said
date of incorporation; but beyond such recognition,
ratification, and confirmation of and to said com-
pany, this act shall not be construed as affirming or
denying tho rights of Territories to pass laws for
the incorporation of railway companies."
JOHN SCOTT,
WILLIAM M. STEWART.
HENRY 000l'ER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. H.KETCHAM,
W. TOWNSEND,
B. T. BIGGS,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The report was concurred in.
thomas b, wallace veto.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock,
his Secretary, which was laid before the Sen-
ate, and read as follows:
T<i the Senate of the United States :
1 have the honor to return herewith Senato bill
No. 500, an act entitled "An aot for the relief of
Thomas B. Wullaoe, of Lexington, in the State of
Missouri," without my approval.
This claim, ior whioh $11,250 are appropriated by
this bill, is of tho sa.rae nature and character as the
claim of Dr. J. Milton Best, which was returned to
the Senate on tho 1st instant, without my signature.
The same reasons which prompted the return of
that bill for reconsideration apply in this case,
which also is a claim for compensation on account
of the ravages of war, and comes under the same
general principle of both international and munici-
pal law, that all proportyis held subject not only to
be taken by the Government for public uses, in which
case, under tho Constitution of tho United State.-*,
the owner is cntitlod to just compensation, but also
subjcct to be temporarily occupied, or even actually
destroyed, in times of groat public danger, and when
the public safety demands it; and in the latter case
Governments do not admit a legal obligation on
their part to compensato the owner.
The temporary occupation of, injuries to, and de-
struction of property caused by actual and necessary
military operations are generally considered to fall
within tho last mentioned principle, and if a gov-
ernment makes compensation under such oireum-
stanoes it is a matter of bounty rather than of strict
legal right. If it be deemed proper to make com-
pensation for such losses, I renew my recommenda-
tion that provision be made by general legislation
for all similar cases.
U. S.GRANT,
Executive Mansion, June 7,1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
under the Constitution is, shall the Senate,
on reconsideration, agree to the passage of
this bill, the objections of the President to the
contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. BOREMAN. That bill came from the
Committee on Claims. I move that the mes-
sage and bill be referred to the Committee on
Claims and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating an opinion of the Solicitor of
the Treasury relative to the obligation of the
United Slates to pay over to the Choctaw
nation of Indians certain bonds, for the de-
livery of which claim is made, and recommend-
ing legislation on the subject; which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
984) granting the right of way through the pub-
lic lands to the Denver and Rio Grande Rail-
way Company.
The message farther announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 636) for the
relief of Elbridge Gerry.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 2807) for the relief of
Robert B. Williamson ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2858) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to release twenty-five acres of
the lands of the United States at Plattsburg,
New York,, to the New York andCannda Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives kaviug proceeded in
pursuance of the Constitution to reconsider
the bill (S. No. 955) entitled "An act grant-
ing a pension to Mary Ann Montgomery,
widow of William W. Montgomery, late cap-
tain in Texas volunteers," returned to the
Senate by the President of the United States
with his objections thereto, and sent by the
Senate to the House of Representatives with
the message of the President returning the
bill, it was
Resolved, That the bill pass, two thirds of tho
House of Representatives agreeing to the same.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 2975) to amend the fifth section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
Jjine 30, 1873, and for other purposes," in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 196) for the relief of the
bark A 1;
A bill (S. No. 399) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States
A bill (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Allen ; and
A bill (S. No 471) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplementary to an act to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers," approved June 30, 1870.
visitors to military" academy.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Stevenson senatorial visitor to the Military
Academy at West Point in place of Mr. Stock-
ton, who had declined the appointment made
this morniDg,
increase of pensions.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1073) in
relation to the increase of pension in certain eases
ot specific disability, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and da recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement,
