710
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
thousand six hundred and forty dollars: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Interior, at
his discretion, shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to use any portion of said appro-
priation for piece-work, or by the day, month,
or year, at such rate or rates as he may deem
just or fair, not exceeding a salary of one
thousand two hundred dollars per annum.
For cash system, maps, diagrams, station-
ery, furniture, and repairs of the same ; mis-
cellaneous items, including two of the city
newspapers, to be filed, bound, and preserved
for the use of the office ; advertising and tele-
graphing; miscellaneous items on account of
bounty lands and military patents, under the
several acts, and contingent expenses under
the swamp-land act, twenty thousand dollars;
to bring up arrearages of work in the Land
Office by the employment of thirty clerks of
class one, for one year only, thirty-six thou-
sand dollars; making a total appropriated lor
the General Land Office of two hundred and
eighty thousand five hundred and sixty dollars.
Indian Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, three thousand dollars; chief
clerk, two thousand dollars; three clerks of
class four, seven clerks of class three, five
clerks of class two, one messenger, one assist-
ant messenger, and one laborer; in all, thirty
thousand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For temporary clerks, viz, for one clerk of
class three, seven clerks of class two, twelve
cleiks of class one, and four female copyists
at nine hundred dollars each ; in all, twenty-
nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For blank books, binding, stationery, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
set ved for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Pension Office.
For compensation of Commissioner of Pen-
sions, three thousand dollarB; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars; twenty-two clerks of
class four, forty-eight clerks of class three,
seventy-six clerks of class two, seventy-eight
clerks of class one, sixteen female copyists at
nine hundred dollars each, one messenger,
five assistant messengers, and five laborers in
his office; in all, three hundred and forty-
three thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of additional temporary
clerks in the Pension Office for the year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, as follows: for four clerks of class
three, eight, clerks of class two, forty-eight
clerks of class one, nine female copyists at
nine hundred dollars each, seven assistant
messengers, and five laborers; in all, ninety-
one thousand nine hundred and forty dollars.
For stationery, engraving, and retouching
plates; for bounty-land warrants, printing
and binding the same, office furniture, and
repairing the same, and miscellaneous items,
including two daily newspapers, to be filed,
bound, and preserved for the use of the office;
and for detection and investigation of fraud,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
United States Patent Office.
For compensation ,of the Commissioner of
the Patent Office, four thousand five hundred
dollars; for Assistant Commissioner, thiee
thousand dollars; for chief clerk, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; three examitiers-
in-chief, at three thousand dollars each ; ex-
aminer in charge of interferences, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; trade-mark exam-
iner, two thousaud five hundred dollars;
twenty-four principal examiners, at two thou-
sand live hundred dollars each; twenty-four
first assistant examiners, at one thousand
eight hundred dollars each; twenty-two sec-
ond assistant examiners, at one thousand six
hundred dollars each, two of whom may be
females; one librarian, two thousand dollars;
one machinist, one thousand six hundred dol-
lars ; six clerks of class tour, eight clerks of
class three, fifty-five clerks of class two, and
forty-five clerks of class one; making, in all,
three hundred and twenty thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For thirty permanent clerks, at one thou-
sand dollars each ; for forty permanent clerks,
at nine hundred dollars each ; for three skilled
draughtsmen, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each ; for thirty-five copyists of draw-
ings, at the rate of one thousand dollars per
annum each ; for one messenger and purchas-
ing clerk, one thousand dollars ; for one skilled
laborer, one thousand two hundred dollars ;
for eight attendants in model-room, at one
thousaud dollars each ; for eight attendants iu
model room, at nine hundred dollars each ; for
thirty laborers at seven hundred and twenty
dollars each ; for six laborers, at six hundred
dollars each; in all, one hundred and forty-
seven thousand two hundred dollars.
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses
of the Patent Office, namely: for stationery
for use of office, repair of model-cases, sta-
tionary portfolios for drawings, furniture, re-
pairing, papering, painting, carpets, ice, ad-
vertising, books for library, moneys refunded,
printing engraved patent-heads, international
exchanges, plumbing, gas-fitting, extra labor
on indexes and abstracts for annual reports,
fitting rooms, temporary clerks, laborers, and
other contingencies, ninety thousaud dollars.
For photo-titho^iaphing, or otherwise pro-
ducing copies of drawings of current and
back issues, for use of the office and for sale,
including pay of temporary draughtsman, forty
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Education.
For Commissionerof Education, three thou-
sand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand dol-
lars; one clerk of class four ; one statistician,
with the compensation of a clerk of class
four; one clerk of class three ; one translator,
with the compensation of a clerk ot class
three; one clerk of class two ; four copyists,
at nine hundred dollars each; one messenger,
at eight hundred and forty dollars; stationery,
one thousand dollars; libiary, one thousand
dollars ; current educational periodicals, two
hundred and fifty dollars ; other current pub-
lications, two hundred and twenty-five dollars ;
completing valuable sets of periodicals and
publications in the library, two hundred dol-
lars; collecting statistics, and writing and
compiling matter for annual and special re-
ports, and editing and publishing circulars of
information, thirteen thousand dollars ; fuel
and lights, two hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars ; contingencies, one thousand two hun-
dred and sixty dollars; in all, thaty-four thou-
saud eight hundred and fifty dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of surveyor general of
Louisiana, two thousand dollars, and for clerks
in his office, two thousand live hundred dol-
lars.
For surveyor general of Florida, two thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks m his .office, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Minnesota, two
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his office,
six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Dakota, two thousand dollars, and for clerks
in his office, six thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For surveyor general of ICausas, two thou-
saud dollars, and for clerks in his office, six
thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Colorado, three
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of New Mexico, three
thousand dollars, and for clerks 111 his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of California, three
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his office,
eleven thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Idaho, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nevada, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks iu his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Oregon, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, and for clerks in
his office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Washington Terri-
tory, two thousand five hundred dollars, and
for clerks in his office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nebraska and Iowa,
two thousand dollars, and for clerks in his
office, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Montana Territory,
three thousand dollars, and for clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Utah Territory,
three thousand dollars, and for clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Wyoming, three thousand dollars, and for
clerks in his office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Arizona Territory,
three thousand dollars, and for clerks in his
office, three thousaud dollars.
Department of Agriculture.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agri-
culture, three thousand dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars ; entomologist, two thou-
sand dollars; chemist, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; assistant chemist, one thousand
six hundred dollars; superintendent of experi-
mental garden and grounds, two thousand
dollars; statistician, two thousand dollars;
disbursing clerk, one thousaud eight hundred
dollars; superintendent of seed room, one
thousaud eight hundred dollars ; librarian, one
thousand eight hundred dollars ; botanist, one
thousand e'ght hundred dollars; four clerks
of class four, five clerks of class three, six
clerks of class two, seven clerks of class one;
engineer, one thousand four hundred dollars;
superintendent of folding-room, one thousand
two hundred dollars; assistant superintendent
of experimental garden and grounds, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars; assistant superin-
tendent of the seed-room, one thousand two
hundred dollars ; three copyists, at nine hun-
dred dollars each; two attendants in museum,
at. one thousand dollars each; chief messen-
ger, eight hundred and fifty dollars ; two assist-
ant messengers; one carpenter, at nine hun-
dred and sixty dollars; three watchmen ; and
nine laborers; making, in all, seventy five
thousand eight hundred and ninety dollars.
For colleciing statistics and compiling and
writing matter for monthly, annual, and spe-
cial reports, fifteen thousand dollars.
For purchase and distribution of new and
valuable-seeds and plants, fifty thousand dol-
lars; for expense of putting up the same, for
labor, bagging, paper, twine, gum, and other
necessary materials, five thousand dollars.
For labor on experimental garden, and for
flower-pots, repairs to green house, and pur-
chase of new plants and seeds for the same,
ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, two thousand dollars; for
freight, charges, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; for fuel, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; for lights, five hundred dollars; for
repairs of building, heating apparatus, furni-
ture, and water and gas pipes, one thousand
two hundred dollars; for keep of horses, fif-
