1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3451
Lykch] is an improvement on the test of the
bill, and I am rather surprised to see any one
of the friends of the bill of the committee
seeking to raise opposition to the amendment.
On all the cheaper kinds of lumber the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maine is a
reduction.
Sawed hemlock, in ray district ranges from
fifteen to eighteen dollars per thousand ; the
committee's bill, which establishes the duty
on lumber at ten per cent, ad valorem, in-
creases such lumber to all who use the same
for fencing or for building purposes from $1 50
to $1 80 per thousand, while the amendment
I am discussing places the duty at only one
dollar per thousand.
Then it is well known that most of our pine
forests have been cut down ; that pine lumber
is chiefly obtained in the provinces. The duty
on pine lumber is really a revenue duty, and
therefore should not beopposedby the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kbrk,,] who has
argued in favor of a tariff for revenue. We
manufacture in this country very little pine
lumber; it comes almost entirely to us from
the provinces.
Dodge & Co., the largest manufacturers of
lumber in this country, have almost forsaken
their pine-lumber interests in Pennsylvania and
have gone over into the provinces for the man-
ufacture of pine lumber. Pine lumber can
scarcely be said to come in competition with
that kind of lumber now manufactured in
Pennsylvania Therefore I think the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] is better than the text of the
bill, and X hope it will be adopted. Under the
present bill the price of dressed flooring will
be enhanced to builders about four dollars and
a half per thousand, while the amendment in-
creases the price only $'2 50 per thousand.
Mr. HALE. 'The representatives of the
lumber interest realize that this bill has for its
purpose the reduction of duties, and they
assent to the proposition that the tariff on
lumber should be reduced. This amendment
which is offered by my colleague [Mr. Lynch]
is in that direction. And when gentlemen look
at it, and see the extent of the reduction that
it makes I am sure that further opposition to it
will cease, unless perchance there may be some
here who will contend that lumber shall be
placed on the free list.
Now, judging from what I have heard said
by gentlemen around me, the reduction pro-
posed here is more than is generally appre-
hended. The present rate of duty upon lum-
ber is twenty per cent, ad valorem. By the
act of March, 1857, the duty upon lumber was
fifteen per ce.nt., by the act of 1846 it was
twenty per cent., and by the act of 1842 it was
thirty per cent, ad valorem. Now, this duty
of one dollar per thousand would not be equal
to more than ten per cent, ad valorem, a re-
duction of fifty per cent, of the present duties ;
not a reduction often per cent, of the present
duty, as you provide in the ten percent, clause
that we have been considering and hammering
upon for the last two days, but it is a reduc-
tion from the present rate of twenty per cent,
to what is only about ten per cent, ad valorem;
the halt o'' the present, rate is taken off.
Now, will gentlemen of this committee, on
this concession by the lumber interest, still
int, st thai, while we have m-ide simply a ten
per cent, leductiou of the present rare of duty
upon other aiticles that should be included
W!tii this upon the same process of reasoning
and fV-irnes-, we shall cut down the duty upon
lumber more than fifty per cent, of the present
rate of duty, to reduce the duty from twenty
per cent ctd vulo)&t>i to ten per cent, ad vcilo-
rem ? Could anything fairer bo proposed in
rtgu-i] to ilif" lumber interest than the propo-
sition of my colleague. [Mr. Lynch/]
Mr. FIIYE. Mr. Cliftirman, the deep m-
terest which my State feels in the subject now
under discus9:on is my excuse for adding my
Voice to that of the other members of the
Maine delegation. In my action upon the
question now before the Committee of the
Whole, I am governed by no selfish interest
for my State. I am governed by one single,
simple motive, and that is the equalization of
labor and capital, and I shall rejoice as much
as any living man when there shall no longer
be any need of tariff legislation for that equal-
ization ; when the laboring man of Europe
shall be lifted by the advance of civilization
up to the platform upon which the laboring
man of Maine, of New England, of this coun-
try, stands to-day; when the capital of those
old countries shall be where the capital of this
country is to-day. Sir, on this question of
lumber I am governed by that interest, by that
purpose, and by that motive only.
Why, sir, how much labor enters into the
manufacture of lumber? Let me tell gentle-
men of this House that the stumpage in the
State of Maine to-day will not average over
$1 50 for spruce and hemlock lumber, while
the manufactured lumber will bring in the
market fourteen to sixteen dollars a thousand.
Deducting profits and commissions, overeighty
per cent, of the price of lumber to-day in the
United States is made up of the bone and
muscle of the country; and with my princi-
ples I never could consent to a vote which
should reduce the wages of that bone and that
muscle.
Sir, where ten thousand men are at work in
the woods of Maine to-day there are right with-
in the sound of their axes ten thousand more
men across the St. John river. On the one
side wages are two dollars a day; on the one
side are children and schools ; on the one side
is good food ; on the one side are intelligent
men. On the other side are no common schools;
on the other side you have ignorance and mean-
ness of every description. Sir, 1 vote not to
pay a bounty to the men on the other side. I
vote to keep the wages of our own citizens
where they are to day. This principle gov-
erns me in my action, whether Missouri, illi
nois. Indiana, or Maine, be the State immedi-
ately interested. If I know my own heart,
iny voice shall be raised, or at least my vote
shall be given, every time to keep this dignity
of the laboring man of my country on the plat-
form it to-day occupies—to raise it, if I can;
and by the influence of our institutions to bring
up the laboring men of Europe to the same
platform.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTll. I would hke to ask
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. IttYrc] one
question before he takes his seat. Why do
not the men on the other side of the St. John
river come over and get, two dollars a day I
Mr. JPKYE. Thank Heaven, they are com-
ing over by thousands. I icceived yesterday
a letter from my own State saying that within
three months five hundred Canadian 1'ranch-
men with their families have immigrated into
the city of Lewiston to earn the wages that are
paid there.
Mr. BOUCHARD. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine by
striking out one dollar and inserting fifty cents;
by striking out two dollars and inserting one
dollar; and by striking out $2 50 and insert-
ing $1 50.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maine, so far as it proposes to fix
the rate of duty on pine lumber at one dollar,
is, it seems to me, fair and reasonable, and 1
am willing to vote for it. But for lumber
planed or finished, one dollar additional per
thousand feet is too much. The duty of two
dollars additional per thousand feet on lumber
planed on one side and tongued and grooved
is also too high, the price for planing lumber
at the mills being only about two dollars per
thousand feet. Two dollars additional in the
way of duty is too large a protection; and
$2 50 is too much on lumber planed 011 two
sides and tongued and grooved.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to say to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Burchard] that his
proposition would not allow more than five
per cent, ad valorem on the dresse.d lumber, to
which he proposes to apply it. That quality
of lumber, dressed and tongued and grooved,
when brought to market is worth from fifty to
sixty dollars a thousand, and it would not bo
invoiced at less than forty dollars a thousand
on the other side. The duty proposed in the
bill agreed to by the gentleman himself would
make a duty of more than one dollar and fifty
cents a thousand 011 the average, a rate higher
than is proposed in my amendment, which is
taken from the Senate bill.
Mr. BURCHAUD. What kind of lumber
does the gentleman say is worth fifty dollars a
thousand?
Mr. LYNCH. Lumber dressed and tongued
and grooved is selling at from fifty to sixty
dollars a thousand in tho market; and in
Canada 011 a fair invoice tho price would not
be less than forty dollars a thousand. In the
amendment just offered, the gentleman re-
duces by more that one half the rate proposed
in the bill which he originally supported.
Mr. BURCHAUD. What is the other
lumber worth?
Mr. LYNCH. Spruce lumber would prob-
ably be worth from seven to nine dollars a
thousand. A duty of twenty per cent, would
be about $1 80. The price of pine lumber,
taking the average, would probably be from
twelve to fifteen dollars a thousand, so that a.
duty of ten per cent, would be about $1 50
per thousand.
Pine lumber will enter under the proposi-
tion submitted to my amendment at a duty of
less than ten per cent.
Mr. BUItCtlARD. This is an interest
of the State of Maine, with which I am not,
familiar. I know western lumber has no such
difference.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will look at the quotations in the news-
papers of his own Stale, I10 will see pine
lumber quoted at from forty to fifiy dollars.
The pine lumber which is planed and tongued
and grooved is the very best quality of pine
lumber.
Mr. FARNSWORTll. Does thegenfleinan
from Maine pretend that it is the dressing ot
the lumher which adds this immense value
to it?
Mr. LYNCH. I pretend that the qualily
of the lumber which is dressed is the very best,
and that, a duty of only ten per cent, ad valo-
rem is not the duly which ought to lie imposed
upon that, lumber imported into the country.
Mr. KARNSWORM. Thcgentleman is not
discussing the point. Because lumber coui"S
in he says it can come 111 planed and tongued
and grooved.
Mr. LYNCH. I am refeiring to the advan-
tages the Canadian lumbermen have over the
lumbermen of Maine. 1 here is another ad-
vantage which the Canadian lumbermen have.
By dressing it at the mills, by finishing iltlieie,
by planing and tonguing and grooving it, he
saves in height and many other incidental ex-
penses. They have every advantage in bringing
it to our market. Their hi ruber comes into sharp
competition with our finished lumber. The
duty 1 propose is both fair tuid just. No other
aitiele 011 the tariff list which involves tho
same amount and kind of labor for the pur-
pose of producing it is put down at as low a
duty as that 1 have proposed m my amend-
ment. I have offered it only as a compro-
mise.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. BOUCHARD, by unanimous consent,
withdicw his amendment.
Mr FAllNSWORl'H. I renew it.
ilr! COX. What becomes of my amend-
mThe CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman'samend-
ment, was to stnke out the last word, and was
cons idered to be pro /m via, and as having
been withdrawn.
