1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
is not changed or affected by the change of the
Constitution.
Mr. President, I have spoken much longer
than ! intended. I desire once more to appeal
to r.ll Senators and to all in authority, in con-
struing these amendments, to'bear in mind
■what tremendous consequences are to follow
from error 011 either side. They who exercise
the powers of sovereignty, either legislative,
judicial, or executive, always have both adiffi-
cult and a delicate task to perform. It is a
narrow path, and death and destruction lie on
either side.
We may not turn to the right hand; we may
not turn to the left. We must follow the line.
On one side that latitudinarian construction
which would wind up the State governments
and put them into the hands of a receiver
appointed by the Federal courts, deprive them
of all power over their domestic affairs, and
substantially wipe them out of existence, is so
at war with the first principles of our Govern-
ment, would be so destructive in its conse-
quences, that it is not to be tolerated for a
moment. On the other hand, the narrow and
niggardly construction which would make the
thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments mean nothing would result in disaster
equally to be deplored. Between these two
extremes we are to enforce this Constitution
in each ease and apply its provisions honestly
to each bill coming before us: and so the
judges, in each ease brought to their bar, must
apply these amendments so as to uphold and
enforce the intention and design of these great
amendments.
_ Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
rise to speak now on this bill; but oil some
convenient occasion I shall ask the Senate to
hear me briefly in reply to some of the views
presented by the Senator from Wisconsin. I
rise now only to ask him a question. If I
understood him, the substitute which lie in-
tended to propose for the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts leaves that
clause iu the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts which relates to schools.'
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I remember having lis-
tened with very great attention and very great
pleasure to an argument made by the Senator
from Wisconsin a year or so ago in this body,
in, which he combated the idea that the Gen-
eral Government had any rigbt to interfere
with the subject of education. I may have
misunderstood him, however, but I should be
glad to know upon what principle he claims
the light for the Federal Government to inter-
fere with the education in the Stales.
Mr. CARPENTER. That question is very
easily answered, and I am astonished that the
Senator should have felt the necessity of put-
ting it. What I maintained, or rather what I
doubted, for I think it was only in the form
of a question that I put to some other Senator,
whether Congress had the power to do as it
was then maintained or suggested it could do,
enter upon a general scheme of education in
the States and appropriate money from the
Treasury to support schools—that is what I
was talking about. While I doubted that
power, and while subsequent reflection has
made me doubt it still more, L have no
doubt of the power of this Government under
the fourteenth amendment, (which applies
to common schools and to Legislatures of
the States and to the courts of the States, and
to every institution in the States and existing
under their authority, as much as it does to
the citizens of the States,) to say that a colored
man shall have his rightin thecommon school;
and in that particular and npon that subject
I do hope this Republican party will never
back one inch. The distinction seems to me
to bo broad and clear and well-founded between
those voluntary institutions, whether incor-
porated or not, which we ought not to inter-
fere with, and those great institutions which
are supported by law and maintained by gen-
eral taxation; We have adopted the principle,
wise or unwise—it is too late to discuss that
now—that a black man is a man; that ho has
a soul; that he is entitled to the rights of a
citizen; that he is a citizen ; and that, his chil-
dren shall be citizens after him; and a funda-
mental principle is that intelligence is the basis
upon which everything rests. Now; to say
that the children of one class of citizens shall
not have the benefit of a common school sup-
ported at the public expense by general taxa-
tion—shall not, in other words, have the oppor-
tunity which the law affords to all citizens to
qualify themselves to discharge the duty of a
citizen—is a thing which I never will counte-
nance or give the slightest support to.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to interrupt
my friend right there by this suggestion : that
it is not a question at all whether colored chil-
dren shall not have the benefit of common
schools ; but it is a question whether all power
of regulation in the States is taken away from
the States, so that while you do give them the
benefit of common schools you shall be com-
pelled to give it to them in a particular way ;
whether all power of regulation is taken away
from States, and there is no giving them the
benefit of public schools unless they and white
children are put together.
Mr. CARPENTER. As this discussion is
assuming the form of cross-examination, I
want to ask my friend a question.
Mr. THURMAN. Answer mine first.
Mr. CARPENTER, ff you will answer
mine fairly that will answer you. I want-to
know of the Senator from Ohio whether under
this Constitution we cannot provide that no
State shall exclude a colored man from the
enjoyment of any right in a court of justice;
for instance, to bring suit there or appear as a
witness? Does that take away from the States
the power to regulate their courts? Not at
all; but it does say that in the one particular
covered by the Constitution of the United
States you shall dance conformity. Your
power to regulate your own affairs, your power
to regulate your schools, to say how many you
shall have, how they shall be supported, and
all that, is a power of your own ; we cannot
interfere with it; but if you have a school, and
support it by taxation on all citizens, then you
shall not discriminate between the children of
different citizens. That does not take away
all power to control them. If you cannot, do
that, you can enforce no provision of your
authori'y. You do not take away their power
to regulate schools except in the one particu-
lar in which .vou are authorized by the Consti-
tution to do it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I listened witli much pleasure to the able Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and 1 concur in most of
wbat he has said ; but in some essential features
of his argument I differ with him distinctly
and fundamentally. I agree fully with the
position he assumes that the fourteenth amend-
ment has changed the privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens of one State when they go into
another State. I agree with the Senator that
under the Constitution as it was before the
fourteenth amerdment, when a citizen of one
State went into another State he could only
claim the privileges and immunities of citizens
of the United States generally, and not those
of the citizens of the State where he had taken
up his domicile, and that he had no right what-
ever to claim any privileges and immunities
other than would belong to him as a citizen
of the State residing temporarily in another
State. I had the pleasure of hearing this
identical question argued by a very able man
in the Supreme Court a few days ago, and that
was Mr. Campbell, a former member of that
tribunal. He took precisely th® same view of
the fourteenth amendment, and ot the change
which it had made in the Constitution as it
previously stood, as the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. I listened to the argument of Mr. Camp-
bell with great interest. As far as I had intel-
lect and legal learning to understand it, I
agreed to it before I had the pleasure of hear-
ing the argument of the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin.
Now, let as see what that change is. I agree
with the position distinctly laid down by the
Senator from Wisconsin, that previous to the
fourteenth amendment if a colored man, to
use the fashionable phrase, came from Massa-
chusetts or any other State into the State of
Kentucky lie would there be confronted by
a law which prohibited him from the practice
of law, and that such a law would have been
valid before the fourteenth amendment.
Now let us inquire what has been the oper-
ation and what is the provision of the four-
teenth amendment in such cases. It is very
plain to my mind :
"All persons born or naturalized in th'e United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside.
" No Stnte shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
The fourteenth amendment guaranties to
every citizen of the United States who may
change his residence from one State to an-
other all the privileges and immunises which
a citizen of the State to which he removes
may enjoy. The question is, what is the re-
striction upon the legislation of the State into
which he removes ? The prohibition is in very
plain language. The thirteenth, fourteenth,
and fifteenth amendments of the Constitution
each has as an adjunct these words:
" Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation."
These provisions do not confer one particle
of additional power, for the original text, of
the Constitution had provided that—
" Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper tor c.-irryins
iato execution the foregoin? powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department or
officer thereof."
These words are the equivalent of those
which 1 have quoted as being appended io
the three last amendments; and without any
specification they would apply to them, and to
any number of amendments that may here-
after be made; and therefore this common
addition to the recent amendments was wholly
superfluous; they do not confer or impart one
particle more of power than is given by ihe
general provision which I have quoted.
The friends of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts claim author-
ity for it under the language of the fourteenth
amendmeut, as before quoted :
:,AIi persons bom or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, arc
citizens of the United States and of the State where-
in they reside.
"Xo State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
The United States have not a particle of
original power, but every power which they
possess is conferred and delegated to them by
the Constitution. The sovereign peopled"the
several States made that Constitution, and
that Constitution made the United S'ates of
such of the several States as ratified it. The
United States have no powers whatever that
are not given to them by the Constitution in
express language, or by necessary implication
from its language; all other powers, by the
several leading principles of the Constitution,
and by its express language, belong to and are
reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people.
Tile language which I have quoted from the
fourteenth amendment, neither expressly nor
by any implication confers upon Congress or
upon the United States one particle ot power ;
the word*, and th°ir only effect, simply pro-
hibit the States " to make or enforce any law
which shall abiidge ihe privileges or immuni-
ties of citizens of the United States." There
is not a word there to invest Congress, ex-
