1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
tf'-r-n hundred dollars; for new furniture, one
thou-aml dollars ; for paper, twme, and gum
for folding room, three hundred dollars; for
Oaf.es for I lie Department museum, one thou-
sand fivt' hundred dollars; for collecting and
modeling specimens of fruits and vegetables,
and collecting and preparing specimens for
themus"um and herbarium, two thousand dol-
lais; lor cases for the library, one thousand
dollars; for entomological works of reference,
two hundred and fifty dollars; for botanical
works of reference, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; for repairs and changes, five hundred
dollars; for works on chemistry, mineralogy,
and charts, five hundred dollars; for chemi-
cals and contingent expenses, seven hundred
dollars: for current agricultural works for the
library, two hundred and fifty dollars; for
miscellaneous agricultural periodicals, two
hundred and fifty dollars; for completion of
valuable sets in the libraiy, two hundred and
fifty dollars; for incidental and miscellaneous
items, viz., for advertising, postage, telegraph-
ing, dry goods, soap, brushes, brooms, mats,
oils, paints, glass, lumber, hardware, ice, pur-
chase of old reports, five thousand dollars ; in
all, twenty-two thousand five hundred and fifty
dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, eight thousand dollars ; three Assistant
Postmasters General, at three thousand five
hundred dollars each; superintendent of
money-order system, three thousand dollars;
superintendent of ioretgn mails, three thou-
sand dollars; chief of division of dead letter
office, two thousand five hundred dollars ;
chief clerk, two thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; three chief clerks, at two thousand dol-
lais each ; one additional chief clerk for money-
order office, two thousand dollars; additional
to one clerk of class four, as disbursing clerk,
two hundred dollars ; fourteen clerks of class
four, fifty-eight clerks of class three, three
additional clerks of class three for money-
order office, forty-eight clerks of class two,
fifiy-two clerks ot cfess one ; fifty-seven female
clerks, at nine hundred dollars each ; two
female translators iu the bureau of foreign
mails, and one female translator in the money-
order office, at one thousand two hundred dol-
lars each ; one messenger and four assistaut
messengers; nine watchmen, fifteen laborers,
and twenty-five clerks in dead-letter office, at
eight hundred dollars each ; for temporary
clerk hire, ten thousand dollars ; making, iy
all, three hundred and ninety-five thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For one clerk of class fourf two clerks of
class two, one clerk of class one, and two
laborers, additional force in the money-order
office, seven thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For stationery, nine thousand dollars; for
fuel for the General Post Office building,
including the Auditor's office, seven thousand
four hundred dollars; for gas, four thousand
dollars: lor plumbing and gas fixtures, three
thousand dollars; tor telegraphing, three
thousand dollars ; for painting, one thousand
five hundred dollars ; for carpets, one thou-
sand dollars ; for furniture, two thousand
dollars; for livery, seven hundred and fifty
dollars ; for hardware, eight hundred dollars ;
for engineer, one thousand six hundred dol-
lars; lor assistant engineer, one thousand
dollars; for fireman and blacksmith, nine
hundred dollars; for two firemen, one thou-
sand lour hundred and forty dollars; for six
laborers, four thousand three hundred and
Uvenly dollars ; for one watchman, seven hun-
dred and twenty doliais; for one carpenter,
one thousand two hundred and fifty-two dol-
iais; lor three assistant messengers, two thou-
sand one hundred aud sixty dollars; for two
female laborers, nine hundred and sixty dol-
lars ; f>r one female laborer, at two hundred
aud forty dollars; for contingent expenses,
seven thousand five hundred dollars ; in all,
fifty four thousand nine hundred and ninety-
two dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War,
eight thousand dollars; chief clerk, at two
thousand five hundred dollars; two clerks, at
two thousand dollars; three clerks of class
four ; for additional to one clerk of class four,
as disbursing clerk, two hundred dollars ; for
six clerks of class three, three clerks of class
two, eight clerks of class one, one messenger,
three assistant messengers, one laborer ; in all,
forty-seven thousand two hundred and twenty
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to have the
rebel archives examined, and copies furnished
from time to time, for the use of the Govern-
ment, including also an additional sum for the
contingent expenses of his office, eleven thou-
sand dollars; aud for the payment of clerks
employed in the examination and settlement
of claims, arising from the collection and
organization of volunteers during the late war,
as follows : four clerks of eLiss four, three
clerks of class three, twenty-seven clerks of
class two, and twelve clerks of class one ; one
fireman, at seven hundred and twenty dollars;
one messenger, at three hundred and sixty
dollars per annum; and for incidental ex-
penses, eight thousand dollars; aud two addi-
tional clerks of class one, to aid in examining
the rolls of the war of eighteen hundred and
twelve, to secure, within a reasonable time,
the decision of cases of veterans of that war,
now pending in the Pension Bureau; making,
iti all. the further sum of seventy-five thousand
six hundred and eighty dollars, which is hereby
appropriated.
For contingent expenses, seven thousand
dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; two
clerks of class four, nine cierks of class three,
twenty-seven cleiks of class two, twenty-six
clerks of class one, and two messengers; in
all, ninety thousand six hundred and eighty
dollars.
For contingent expenses, ten thousand
dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars; three
clerks of class four, eight clerks of class three,
twenty clerks of class two, seventy-five clerks
of class one; thirty copyists, at nine hundred
dollars each ; superintendent of the building,
two hundred dollars; one messenger, two
assistant messengers, and six laborers : in all,
one hundred and seventy-two thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, five thousand
dollars.
Office of the Postmaster General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars: four
clerks of class four, nine clerks of class three,
twenty-three clerks of class two, twelve clerks
of elass one, and two messengers, seventy-one
thousand eight hundred aud eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses, five thousand
dollars.
Office of the Commissary General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars; one
clerk of class three, eight clerks ot class two,
fifteen clerks of class one. one messenger, and
two laborers; iu all, thirty five thousand aud
eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz., office rent,
repairs, and miscellaneous items, six thousand
dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; one
clerk of class three, two clerks of class two,
] eight clerks ol class one. one messenger, and
one laborer; in all, seventeen thousand five
j hundred and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses, blank books, sta-
tionery, binding, rent, fuel, and including rent
of Surgeon General's office and Army medical
museum, eight thousand dollars.
Office of Chief Engineer.
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; three
clerks of elass four, four clerks of elass three,
four clerks of class two, four clerks of class
one, one messenger, and one laborer; in all,
twenty-five thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz., for stationery,
office furniture, miscellaneous and incidental
expenses, including two daily Washington
newspapers, three thousand dollars.
Office of Chief of Ordnance.
For chief clerk, twothousand dollars; three
clerks of class four, two clerks of class three,
four clerks of class two, six clerks of class one,
and one messenger ; in all, twenty-four thou-
sand two hundred and forty dollars.
For contingent expenses, viz., Stationery,
one thousand dollars.
Office of Military .Justice.
For one chief clerk, at two thousand dol-
lars; one clerk of class three, one clerk of
class one; in all, four thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses, five hundred dol-
lars.
Signal Office.
For two clerks of class two, two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Office of the Inspector General.
For one clerk of class three, one thousand
six hundred dollars.
War Department Buildings.
For compensation of superintendent of the
building occupied by the War Department
(two hundred and fifty dollars), four watch-
men, and two laborers ; in all, four tbousaud
five hundred and seventy dollars.
For labor,, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous
items for the said building, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For superintendent of building corner of
Seventeenth and F streets (two hundred and
fifty dollars), and four watchmen and two
laborers ; in all, four thousand five hundred
and seventy dollars.
For fuel for warming the entire building,
and for operating the ventilating fan in sum-
mer, repairs of steam warming and ventilat-
ing apparatus, pay of engineer and fireman,
matting and oil-cloth for halls, gas, white-
washing. and other incidental expenses, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For superintendent of the building occupied
by the Paymaster General (two hundred and
jj fifty dollars), and for five watchmen and two
laborers: in all. five thousand two hundred
and ninety dollars.
For rent of building, and fuel and contin-
gencies, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Navy,-eight thousand dollars; for compensa-
„ tion of the chief clerk of the Navy Department,
■ j at two thousand two hundred dollars, -and,
additional to chief clerk, three hundred dol-
lars, to continue while there is no aasis'atit
secretary, and no longer ; one disbursing clerk,
at two thousand dollars; four clerks of class
four, four clerks of clas3 three, two clerks of
