1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The Chair had his eye on the clock,
and the gentleman's time has just expired.
Mr. KERR. Both yesterday and to-day I
had my eye on my watch, and I know that sev-
eral gentlemen have spoken more than five
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iventured
yesterday to oppose subsidies as not the best
method of sustaining American commerce. I
do not believe it is a good method. I do not
believe it is right to so use the public money.
I am met therein by the common attempt,
when my argument cannot be answered, to
show some inconsistency of action on my part.
In the first place, my colleague [Mr. Dawes]
sneered at the idea that I should advance
arguments fpr bounties to fishermen and yet
should not be for subsidies for a steamship,
and he was followed by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] and, as many gentle-
men from the West do, he seemed exceedingly
glad to find occasion to throw obloquy on the
fishing interests ot' Massachusetts.
Now, I never voted for bounties to fisher-
men and I have never desired to vote for boun-
ties to fishermen. If the Government will not
sell out the fishing interests for the purpose
of making a good bargain with Great Britain
in behalt of the other interests of the country,
I will never ask for bounties to fishermen. If
you will let us alone we will haul all the fish,
great fish and little, out of the water with-
out subsidies or bounties, to feed the poor of
the nation. But I have very little respect for
the logical discrimination of that man's mind
who does not appreciate the difference between
voting bounties for all our fishermen and draw-
backs for all ships, and voting subsidies to a
single overgrown monopoly. That is what
we are proposing to do here. I will go as far as
anybody for the purpose of sustaining Ameri-
can commerce, but it shall be for such source
ot sustenance that every man shall have his
share of it. What I object to is the setting up
of monopolies by money from the Treasury of
the people.
Why, sir, this steamship line has had four
years' monopoly and subsidy, and has received
$2,500,000 from the public Treasury already,
and is now, it is said, prosperous. Why can-
not it go on and prosper without taking more
money from the Treasury? Why should we
be called upon after four years of nursing to
double the amount?
Again, we are told that we ought to do this
in imitation of England, which has subsidies
to steamship lines. I agree that she has so
done; but while one hundred and twenty-
six thousand people only hold her national
debt of $47,000,000 to draw from it their
incomes, every eighteenth man of her pop-
ulation goes either to the poor-house or to
prison or into an insane hospital annually,
and I do not desire to give subsidies which
will bring the people of this country into that
condition. I agree that she ha3 raised a rich,
powerful, commercial class, but it has been
at the expense of the common people.
Now, sir, I have it thrown at me that I do
not support the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] By whom
is this charge made? When the Prussian war
broke out the President of the United States
sent his message here asking Congress to per-
mit the purchase of French and German ships
to meet the great exigencies of ourcommerce.
Who were against it? My colleague from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] who got so
eloquent here to-day in defense of this subsidy
as to call forth unwonted applause from the
Republican side of the House, and the gentle-
man, not now in his seat, from Philadelphia,
[Mr. Kelley,] thehead of pig-iron protection.
Who else? Every one of those who are in
favor of this subsidy were then against our
buying ships in the cheapest markets so as to
sustain and foster American commerce.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will certainly except me, for I did all I could
to secure the passage of that measure.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
glad I was wrong in the case of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] If I had time I
would, from the record in the Globe, which
I have here, read the names of those who were
the deadly enemies of American commerce
then. What did the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] say at that time? He
said that Mr. Webb, who now demands this
subsidy, had nine or ten ships lying idle; that
we had ships enough; that we did not need any
more; we could not employ what we had. How
did he manifest his opposition to American
commerce when a majority of this House
wanted to extend American commerce by per-
mitting the purchase of ships, which were then
to be bought for a song, because of the war
then breaking out? The gentleman from New
York called the yeas and nays, and filibustered
away the time until the last day of the session
of Congress expired, and although there were
nearly two to one against him here, he was en-
abled to defeat the proposition, and to destroy
the great opportunity for the protection and
building up of American commerce.
Mr. KELLEY. And the burial of American
ship-yards.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
kngw but we buried them; if so, they have
never been resurrected since, for I have not
seen or heard of a ship-yard being since
started.
Mr. KELLEY. I have.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That may
be ; but it must have been in the hope of getting
the subsidy.
Mr. KELLEY. They have built and are
now building on the Delaware twenty iron
steamships.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, (referring
to the fact that Mr. Kelley was speaking from
his seat behind him.) Let me say to my friend
behind me [Mr. Kelley] that I have stood a
fire in the rear before now. [Laughter.] I
have never heard of any resuscitation of
ship-yards, because we stabbed American com-
merce then, nor do I know of any such resus-
citation of ship-building. I have not seen
commerce advanced, nor have I seen ship-
building advanced because of the defeat of
that measure. And while I do not desire to
have our commerce go from under the Ameri-
can flag, yet I think that in this matter of ship-
building we should get our ships where we can
get them cheapest, and revive our commerce
as our fathers built it up, by differential duties
upon goods imported in American ships.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. _ Debate has been ex-
hausted upon the pending amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the amendment.
I think it must have occurred to every gentle-
man who has given attention to this debate
that there is no new principle involved in the
legislation pending here to-day. It stands in
principle with the legislation that has had a
place on the American statute-book from the
first Congress of 1789 to this hour. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
with all his astuteness, is not able to draw a
distinction in principle between the proposition
now pending before this House for consider-
ation and that which found a place on your
statute-book in 1790, at the instance of the
men who framed your Constitution. The legis-
lation proposed differs from that only in de-
gree, not in kind. The gentleman says the
proposition pending is limited to the Amer-
ican steamship company, while that was lim-
ited simply to all American ship-owners.
Sir, the man is a mere dolt in statesman-
ship who does not know that it is quite im-
possible for any considerable portion of the
American people to be American ship-owners;
Sir, under that legislation, inaugurated in
1790 and continued down to the year 1801,
when treason's first gun startled the civilized
world, American commerce was second only
to the commerce of England. England, by her
system of subsidy, has more than tripled her
commerce within the last thirty years. To-day
her commerce annually is equal to one third
of the commerce of all nations.
Sir, experience is worth more than the
theories of any man upon this question of
legislation in the interest of your own coun-
try and of your own people. There stands
to-day your American tonnage duties, inaugu-
rated in 1790 and continued to this hour, dis-
criminating exclusively in favor of American
ships and of American ship-owners against
the shipping of all the world.
I know that, as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has said, our commerce wag
well-nigh annihilated during the disastrousyears
of the rebellion, that unnatural and unhappy
conflict. I do not desire to revive any painful
recollections of that struggle. Sir, it was not the
fault of the policy inaugurated by the fathers
of the Republic and continued to the date of
that conflict that your commerce declined.
That was the result of the conflict itself. I
stand by that principle of legislation which
recognized as the first duty of the American
Congress to enact such laws as will promote
the general welfare and provide for the com-
mon defense.
I heard the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] inquire, " Where is your authority?"
Sir, it is imbedded in the first article of your
Constitution, which declares that "theCon-
fress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
uties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States." It does
somewhat promote the general welfare of the
United States, and does somewhat provide
for the common defense to encourage and
develop commerce, to encourage and develop
agriculture, to encourage and develop manu-
iactures. In short, it promotes the general
welfare and provides for the common defense
so to mold your legislation as that your re-
sources upon the land and upon the sea shall
be so developed that America, standing among
the nations of the world, shall be self-support-
ing and independent—independent in this,
sir, that we shall be able to provide whatever
may be needful for our support or defense, or
for our successful competition in the race for
national success. Independence, sir, both as
to individual and collective man—the citizen
and the State—is the rock of life upon which
the citizen and the State may siand erect,
" unawed by power, unbribed by gain.'- Se-
cure to America this independence, and she
may stand defiantly against a world in arms in
defense of her rights, her interests, and her
power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, the proposi-
tion before the committee is one of a prac-
tical character, and in my judgment should be
discussed and voted upon purely with refer-
ence to its merit or demerit as such. The
proposition is simply whether we shall double
the subsidy already allowed to a line of steam-
ships running from San Francisco to Japan
and China. This line of steamships already
receives $500,000 a year ; and the question is
whether we shall increase this annual subsidy
to 81,000,000.
I have listened, Mr. Chairman, very atten-
tively, and, I may add, very disinterestedly, to
the discussion upon both sides of the House
with reference to this proposition. The argu-
ments advanced in favor of it appear to run
exclusively in one channel and in one direc-
tion ; and although some of the ablest mem-
bers of this House have made speeches in favor
of this measure, I think that the \vhole argu-
ment, so far as those gentfemen are concerned,
may be compressed within one or two simple
propositions.
