IU
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
pressly or by implication, with any power, but
its plain and whole intention and effect is to
withhold power from the States. Until they
have enacted or attempted to enforce laws in
conflict with thi3 prohibition there is no sub-
ject upon which it can operate; and when it
is thus put into action, the power, the juris-
diction, and the question is judicial, and not
legislative or congressional. The matter is
taken to tbe United States court, and its judg-
ment that the State laws, or the means by
which they are attempting to enforce any law
which "abridges tbe privileges or immunities
of citizens of the United States," are uncon-
stitutional and void; just as they would ad-
judge in relation to any otber unconstitutional
State law or power claimed by it.
Now let us examine the effect that gentle-
men are contending the fourteenth amend-
ment has, not only to inhibit the Legislature of
the State from the passage of such a law as I
have been remarking upon, butalso to prevent
all private associations of citizens from making
such regulations as would exclude a colorcu
citizen who bad come from another State into
that State from a community in the enjoy-
ment of the rights of this private association.
That involves a question of very great interost.
The State of Kentucky, if you please, has
citizt-ns that organize hotel companies, theatri-
cal companies, churches, schools, &c. Those
are acts of citizens, not of the Legislature of
the State. But suppose a corporated_ charter
is given to them by act of the Legislature,
is it not a monstrous absurdity that this char-
ter opens those associations to every citizcn
who may choose to force his way into them,
and take the regulation and control from its
members and pass it to_Congress? This is
not such a privilege and immunity as is guar-
antied by the fourteenth amendment. The
right to make the association exclusive as to
color, or any other test, belongs to its mem-
bers, and Congress has no authority to control
them.
The position assumed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr, Mohru.i.,] the other
day, ami which he argued with so lucid ability,
whs that, such associations as these could not
bo invaded by colored citizens coining from
another State, but they would have a right to
make their own regulations and by-laws, and
to make them entirely exclusive of colored
people, or of any other people whom they
chose to exclndc.
Why, sir, similar questions could arise under
the Constiiuiion before the fourteenth amend-
ment. What is one of the positions that some
gentlemen have taken in the Senate? That a
right prohibited to be exercised by a Stale
Legislature confers a power upon Congress I
In other words, that by implication when the
fourteenth or any other amendment to the
Constitution or provision of the Constitution
inhibits a State from legislating on a particu-
lar subject, it necessarily confers upon Con-
gress the correlative power of legislation upon
that subject. That is a great error and heresy
that jhaa been deuied ever since the beginning
of our Government. _ I will read a provision
of the original Constitution :
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
eontederation, grant letters of marque and reprisal;
commono^; emit billsoi'crcdit; make anything but
gold told silver coin a tender in payment of debts;
J>M8 any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or taw
impairing the obligation of contraots, or grant any
title of mobility."
The logic of the supporters of this amend
ment is that because the Constitution has in
express language prohibited the States from
exercising any of those powers, therefore it
results as an authority to Congress to exercise
the powers that are denied to the States. That
is their argument. They have none other.
There is no other argument, real or seeming,
in favor of the power that is now claimed by
the Senator from Wisconsin and other gentle-
men who advocate the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts. That Con-
gress has powers because the Constitution
denies them to the States is too monstrous to
deserve serious consideration.
" No State shailpassany bills of attainder."
Does that authorize Congress topass a bill of
attainder ? Does the prohibition upon a State
authorize Congress to pass an ex post facto
law, or a law impairing the obligation of eon-
tracts, or to grant any title of nobility? I am
told that recently in a very important cass
whioh came before the Supreme Court one of
the judges assumed that there were certain
powers which resulted from the Constitution
of the United States to Congress and one of
those powers was, because tbe States were pro-
hibited from coining money, or making any-
thing but gold and silver coin a legal tender, it
followed as a legal and constitutional sequence
that Congress had the power to make something
else than gold and silver coin a legal tender,
and this was claimed as a resulting power.
That position is not only false in logic, but it is
in conflict with the express provision of the
Constitution:
" AkticI/E 9. The enumeration in the Constitution
of certain rights shall not be construed to dony or
disparage others rotained by the people.
"ArtiolkIO. The powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to tho States, are reserved to the States re-
spectively or to tho people."
That is merely in conformity with the great,
original, fundamental principle of the Consti-
tution, that ours is a Government of delegated
powers, that all the powers possessed by the
Government of the United States, and which
it can properly and legitimately exercise, are
granted by the Constitution, and uuless the
Constitution has granted by express language
or by necessary implication a power, the Gov-
ernment ofthe United States has 110 authority
whatever to exercise or to attempt to exercise
that power. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin will not dissent from that general
position. Then, as to tbe position that Con-
gress has any resulting power, if it were pos-
sible for this principle to be applied to the
powers of tho United States Government, if
there could bo any such defect or failure in
relation to any one power as to call for the
resulting principle, it would return to the
States, or to the people of tho States, from
whence it came.
Now, the Senate, in deciding the question
whether it has power to pass the amendment
offered by tho Senator from Massachusetts,
must go to the Constitution; it must there
read the delegation of a power by the Consti-
tution to Congress to pass such a measure,
cither in express words or by necessary impli-
cation from words that do not expressly give
it. Sir, there are no such express words, nor
is there any such necessary implication in the
Constitution.
I admit with the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin that but for this provision of the
fourteenth amendment the State of Kentucky
or any other State might pass a law to prohibit
a colored man from practicing law. What is
the extent of the prohibition which this four-
teenth amendment imposes upon that or any
State? It is simply not to pass a law which
shall deprive them of the right to practice law,
to practice medicine, or any other privilege or
immunity that any citizen of the State may
have, and that is all. Neither the State of
Kentucky or any other State would infringe
upon this amendment of the Constitution until
it had passed such a law. It requires an act
ofthe Legislature infringing some right or im-
munity ot a citizen that has come from another
State into the State of Kentucky; it requires
a denial of some privilege or immunity to a
citizen from another State coming into that
State, in the form of a law, to constitute a vio-
lation of this provision of the fourteenth
amendment.
The able Senator from Wisconsin cannot
make the case different from what I have stated
it. I admit that under the effect of the four-
teenth amendment such legislation of the
State of Kentucky would be invalid and would
not deprive a citizen coming into tbe State of
any right or privilege which the citizens of the
State were allowed to enjoy by law, but both
he and all white citizens would be subject to
the excluding regulations of all private asso-
ciations.
The citizen from another State would claim
the privilege or immunity common to all
the citizens of the State. _ Jf that was denied
him by a private association under its consti-
tution and by-laws, he wouid have no cause
to complain: it would be no injury to him.
If he was deprived of that privilege or immun-
ity by a law of the State or by the State in
endeavoring to enforce a law of its Legislature
or any common-law principle, his remedy
would be in a court of justice, where, by mak-
ing the proper parties, the court would decide
that the law of the State depriving him of any
such privilege or immunity, or attempting to
enforce any other law to deprive him of any
such immunity, was against this provisionof
the Constitution, and therefore void.
But when, under this argument, the right ia
claimed by the Senator from Massachusetts
and other Senators on this floor to introduce
an enactment as offensive, as oppressive, and
as annoying as his amendment would be in
all tbe old slave States, and violative of the uni-
versal rights and powers of all private associa-
tions, it is preposterous to claim authority for
the passage of such a measure from this four-
teenth amendment.
The Senator from Wisconsin indicated the
line of tactics which the opponents of the
amnesty bill meant to take. He and his par-
ticular friends are inexorably determined to
attach the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, or the substitute which the
honorable Senator himself has avowed his
purpose to offer, to the amnesty bill. Why?
He knows there are many members of the Sen-
ate who would never vote lor his proposition
or the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts in any company. It could
be attached to no measure, to no proposition
whatever that could be devised by the ingenu-
ity of man which would induce me to give any
support to it. What the course of the oppo-
nents of the amnesty bill would be, and their
policy, was as plain to me before the honorable
Senator made that declaration as it is now.
Some of them, I suppose, do not want the
amnesty bill to pass at all, and they all know,
they all have reason to be'ieve, that there are
Senators here who would vote against the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts in any form, although it should
be attached to the amnesty bill, who would
vote to reject both if coupled together. At
least that is my determination. I speak only
for myself. No measure to which the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts can be added would ever induce me
to abate one iota of my hostility to that propo-
sition.
Mr. President, I listened a few days ago
with great pleasure to the admirable argu-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott] in opposition to the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts upon the ground
of unconstitutional incongruity between it and
tbe amnesty bill, and never, in my judgment,
was a more legitimate and a more invulnerable
ground of opposition to a proposition made
than was made by that Senator. He argued
it with a force of logic and of constitutional
law that has not been and cannot be answered.
The amnesty bill is a proceeding mi generis.
It is not in the nature of general legislation.
It is not subject to the rules of parliamentary
proceeding that have been made fur the regu-
lation of and amendment of legislative meas-
ures. It is a case of extraordinary and unique
cognizance by Congress. The proceeding is
to be special, particular; and it admits of no
amendment whatever according to all the
