2556
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
to the universal practice, in what are called
" orphan " districts, that is, districts not rep-
resented by gentlemen of the dominant party,
the appointments are all made on the rec-
ommendation of Senators?
Mr. LYNCH. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
the appointments should be made upon the
recommendations of the Representatives of
those Stales.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then that far at least this
bill, according to the gentleman's own theory,
goes in the right direction, as it prohibits
Senators from execising this power.
Mr. LYNCH. Notatall. I shall show before
I get through that the bill places the entire
patronage of the Government in the hands of
the Senate of the United States in connection
with the President, taking the matter alto-
gether away from the control of the people.
That is my objection to the bill.
As I was saying, Senators ought not to have
this power, because it tends to unfit them for
passing impartially upon the confirmation of
appointments ; and it has a tendency to place
tfie officer confirmed under obligations to Sen-
ators, and may influence him in appointing
subordinates in hia Department upon their
recommendation.
And in this connection I desire to call par-
ticular attention to what { regard as the worst
and most dangerous feature of the bill under
consideration.
It prohibition penalty of a fine of not less
than $100 nor more than $1,000, any member
of Congress from voluntarily making any rec-
ommendation to the President, or any head of
a Department in regard to the appointment or
removal of Federal olticers. All such officers
must be confirmed by the Senate or appointed
by officers who are so confirmed ; and by a rule
of the Senate the objection of the Senators of
the Slate for which such appointment is made,
when of the dominant party, rejects, or their
approval secures, the confirmation of such
officers.
It will be readily seen who would be con-
sulted by the President in regard to appoint-
ments under this bill; and it might not even
be necessary to consult at all, as there could
readily be found means to let the President
understand wlu  were preferred by the Sen-
ators ; and the President would be placed en-
tirely within the power of such Senators. If
he did not appoint officers approved, not by
the Senate, but by the Senators of the State,
in which thu appointment was made, the ap-
pointment would be rejected; thus placing the
whole patronage of the Government in the
control of the Senate, and that without having
them in any way responsible to the people, as
all action upon nominations is in secret, session.
The power of the Federal patronage within
a State is much more potential in controlling
a State Legislature than in controlling the
people, and I regard the growing tendency on
the part of the Senate to control in connection
with the Executive the patronage of the Gov-
ernment,, and wield it for their joint advantage,
jvith infinitely more alarm tiian any abuses
which can possibly grow out of the connection
which Representatives have with the appoint-
ing power. While the present practice con-
tinues the responsibility can to a certain extent
be fixed.
If an incompetent or dishonest officer is
appointed, the Representative, or the Senator,
as the case may be, upon whose recommenda-
tion he was appointed is known, and must
take the responsibility. A Senator who should
override the Representative, who under the
practice is entitled to designate the appoint-
ment, would not be sustained unless the appoint-
ment was not a proper one to be made. Under
this bill all this would be reversed, and, as 1
have shown, the Senate aeliug in secret would
have the whole control of appointments.
Another danger to be apprehended from the
passage of this bill is that it would increase
the power of the President to control the
action of Congress. Suppose a President
desired the passage of some measure, and
having appointments to make, he takes into
his confidence and consults the members of
either branch whose influence he deemed it
most important to secure, taking their recom-
mendations ; would it not be a powerful lever,
when skillfully and unscrupulously used, to
influence legislation?
In every view I can take of this bill it is a
step in the wrong direction. It confounds all
distinctions between right and wrong, by pun-
ishing as criminal an act which, if properly
performed, is a meritorious one ; it concen-
trates power in the hands of the Senate, and
relieves from responsibility those nearest to
the people, and who can be most readily
reached.
The substitute which I propose provides that
all recommendations of members of Congress
in regard to the appointment and removal of
officers shall be official acts, and requires such
recommendations to be based upon the fitness
or unfitness of the person to be appointed or
removed, and that such recommendations
shall be open to inspection and reported to Con-
gress. This would prevent appointments and
removals being made upon personal grounds,
and would place the responsibility upon the
proper person. To go further than this would,
in my judgment, be to infringe upon the rights
and duties of the Representatives of the people.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, it
has become popular to be in favor of a re
form of the civil service. The word "reform "
is a good word; it rounds a period hand-
somely and becomes the mouth well. On all
hands it seems to be agreed that the civil ser-
vice is sadly out of joint. As to just where
the difficulty lies seems not to be quite so clear,
but it is certain that the case is rapidly running
on from bad to worse. Ignorant men get
appointments when intelligent men cannot.
Vicious men vault into snug places which the
honest men seem unable to reach. Certainly
there ought to be a reform, if any one can tell
what that is.
There is abundant talk upon the subject and
no end of good wishes, but practically not
much is done. The President in his annual
message has devoted one of his longest para-
graphs to civil service reform, in which he
reminds us also that he did the same one year
ago. lie seems to be deeply impressed with
the necessity of such a reform, and so far I am
sure the country is quite of his mind. The
people are disgusted with the warring of the
rings for political spoil. They long for the
return of the old rule of capability and honesty
as the only recommendation for civil office,
and it is not to be wondered at. The clamors
are deafening and endless over claims of such
a prodigious variety of services as to be utterly
confusing. Officers are no longer sought by
the appointing power. They attack it in num-
bers like an army and with the persistence of
Arab beggars.
" Ithas been theaim ofthe Administration,"
says the message, "to enforce honesty and
efficiency in all the public offices." Itisacase
of good intentions beyond all question, but the
excellent "aim" of the Administration seems
to have resulted like that of the very notable
person who "bent his bow to shoot a crow,
but killed the cat in the window." The Ad-
ministration is not in the least to blame. It
took good aim, and if it did not hit the mark
somebody interfered with the gun and made it
shoot wild.
We are assured that "if bad men have
secured places it has been the fault of the sys-
tem established by law and custom for making
the appointments, or the fault of those who
recommended for Government positions per-
sons not sufficiently well known to them
personally or who give letters indorsing the
character of office-seekers without a proper
sense of the grave responsibility which such a
course devolves upon them." The people
of the country will be greatly disturbed, I am
sure, on being thus informed by the President
that there are any persons so evil disposed as
to "give letters indorsing the character of
office-seekers without a proper sense of the
grave responsibility." Who are these persons
who have given such letters, and thus imposed
upon the Executive and opened the Treasury
to plunderers and corrupters of the public
service? They ought to be exposed, and no
doubt will be by a vigilant committee already
raised and at work in the other branch of
Congress.
Every right-minded man must sympathize
with the President when he goes on further to
say that a "civil service reform which can cor-
rect this abuse is much desired." But how
can this be done? The persons who write
these letters and make recommendations for
office-seekers are exceedingly numerous, and
I grieve to say are many of them afflicted with
a political and moral obliquity on these sub-
jects altogether too stubborn to be eradicated
by anything less than a civil service Ku Klux
law, to be administered "without benefit of
clergy."
The President is for applying " mercantile"
principles to this, business, and suggests "a
reformatory law which would enforce this prin-
ciple against all indorsers of persons for pub-
lic place." This is a good suggestion. There
is a peculiar fitness about it. Since the rec-
ommendations are quite generally given upon
principles purely mercantile, why should not
responsibility be enforced upon the same prin-
ciples? If the Hon. Tom Nokeswill, without
" a proper sense of the grave responsibility,"
recommend his bosom friend, Mr. Ned Caucus-
packer, for a high and lucrative office, and it
turns out that the aforesaid Ned is little better
than a thief, and brings the appointing power
into contempt by his gross incompetency and
dishonesty, why should not the Hon. Tom be
subject to an action under the most stringent
kind of a reformatory law? Why, to be sure.
The case is plain, and I trust the distinguished
chairman of the Civil Service Committee of
this House will heed this recommendation of
the message.
Meantime, until we get these laws enacted,
I beg leave to suggest to the President, if it
be allowable to make a suggestion at all, that
there is not now any law requiting him to be-
lieve a single word of these dangerous letters
and recommendations. In fact it is a mere
tempting of Providence to believe them. There
is an example in this city of one of the thick
and thin supporters of the Administration,
of great influence, who gave most excellent
advice to an officerholder having patronage to
dispense. He said to him, "I shall sign all the
recommendations that come, to me, but don't
you pay any attention to them ; when I want
you to appoint any one I will tell you so."
This veteran politician, with an eye all the
while to the main chance, signs his name to all
manner of letters and recommendations with-
out a sense of "grave responsibility," or any
responsibility whatever. It will be of no use to
lecture this gentleman upon political morals,
because he does not care for any morals ; he
cares only for money and power ; and what is
true of him is also true of the great army of
professional plaee-hunters, the whole country
over. Even Mr. Thomas Murphy, 1 venture
to say. wa,s not always under a sense of grave
responsibility in his dealings with the Admin-
istration.
No, sir; I am sure it will never do for the
President to rely on his letters and recom-
mendations unless he can compel the writers
to make an affidavit or threaten them with a
lawsuit.
For myself, I shall look curiously on to see
the application of mercantile principles in this
reform, my own hopes not rising very high
in that direction.
But the President evidently does not intend
to rely altogether upon the application of mer-
