712
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 8,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
class two, three clerks of class one, two mes-
sengers, and two laborers ; in all, thirty-five
thousand six huudred and twenty dollars.
For stationery, furniture, newspapers, and
miscellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks.
For civil engineer, three thousand dollars;
chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; draughtsman, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; one clerk of class four, two clerks
of class three, one clerk of class two, one clerk
of class one, one messenger, and one laborer;
in all, fifteen thousand seven hundred and
sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, plans, drawings,
labor, and miscellaneous items, eight hun-
dred dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; one clerk of class four, one clerk
of class three, two clerks of class two, two
clerks of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, eleven thousand nine hundred
and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Navigation.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; one clerk of cl*ss three, one clerk
of class two, one messenger, and one laborer;
in all, six thousand three hundred and sixty
dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance.
For chief «lerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; draughtsman, one thousand eight
hundred dollars ; one clerk of class three, two
clerks of class two, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, nine thousand five hundred and
Bixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight huudred
dollars; draughtsman, one thousand eight
hundred dollars ; one clerk of clarss four, two
clerks of class three, two clerks of class two,
one messenger, and one laborer; in all, twelve
thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items,
eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; draughtsman, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; one clerk of classtwo, one assist-
ant draughtsman, one thousand two hundred
dollars; one messenger, and one laborer; in
all, seven thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items,
eight hundred dollars.
*•
" Bureau of Provisions and Clothing.
For chief clerk, eighteen hundred dollars;
one clerk of class four, two clerks of class
three, two cleiks of class two, three cleiks
of class one, one messenger, and one laborer ;
in all, fourteen thousand seveu hundied and
sixty dollars.
Fur stationery and miscellaneous items,
eight hundred' dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery.
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, one messenger, and one laborer ;
in all, lour thousand nine huudred and sixty
dollais.
For st'itionery and miscellaneous items,
four hundred dollars.
For superintendent (two hundred and fifty
dollars), five watchmen, and two laborers for
the building occupied by the Navy Depart-
ment ; in ail, five thousand two hundred and
ninety dollars.
For incidental labor, fuel, lights, and mis-
cellaneous items for said building, seven thou-
sand dollars.
JUDICIAL.
United States Courts.
For the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States, eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars; and for eight associate or retired
justices, eight thousand dollars each ; in all,
seventy-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For nine circuit judges to reside in circuit,
fifty-four thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the salary of the marshal of the Supreme
Court, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges of the
United States, including the salaries of the
retired judges of the eastern district of Texas,
southern district of Ohio, and eastern district
of Michigan, one hundred and eighty-nine
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia,
and the four associate judges, twenty thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys
of the United States, nineteen thousand one
hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the district marshals
of the United States, eleven thousand seven
hundred dollars.
For salary of the warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, two thousand dollars.
Court of Claims.
For salaries of five judges of the Court of
Claims, at four thousand dollars each ; the
chief cierk, three thousand dollars ; and assist-
ant clerk, two thousand dollars; bailiff, one
thousand five hundred dollars ; and messenger
thereof; in all, twent.y-seven thousand three
hundred and forty dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, labor, and other
contingent and miscellaneous expenses, three
thousand dollars; for reporting the decisions
of the court, clerical hire, labor in preparing
and superintending the print ng of theseventn
volume of the reports of the Court ol Claims,
to be paid on the order of the court, one
thousand dollars.
To pay judgments of the Court of Claims,
four hundied thousand dollars: Provided,
That no part of this sum shall be paid upon
any judgment rendered in lavor of George
Chorpenning growing out of any service ren-
dered in carrying the mail.
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
Office of the Attorney General.
For compensation of the Attorney General,
eight thousand dollars; solicitorgeneral, seven
thousand five hundred dollars ; three Assist-
ant Attorneys General, at five thousand dollars
each ; solicitor of internal revenue, five thou-
sand dollars; naval solicitor and judge-advo
eate general, three thousand five huudred dol-
lars ; examiner of claims, three thousand five
hundred dollars; law clerk, two thousand live
hundred dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
two huudred dollars ; stenographic clerk, two
thousand dollars; one clerk, two thousand
dollars; seven clerks of class four ; additional
lor disbursing clerk, two hundred dollars; two
clerks of class three, one clerk of class two,
one clerk of class one, one messenger, two
assistant messengers, and two watchmen ; in
all, seventy-three thousand seven hundred and
sixty dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, three thousand five hundred dollars ;
assistant solicitor, three thousand dollars;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; one clerk
of class four, three clerks of class three, three
clerks of class two, one clerk of class one,
one messenger, and one laborer ; in all, twenty-
two thousand and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Department
of Justice, viz: fuel, labor, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dollars ;
for rent of building, fifteen thousand dollars ;
for furniture and law books, six thousand
dollars.
Commissioners to Codify the Laws of the United
States.
For compensation of three commissioners
to codify the laws of the United States, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses for
clerk hire, stationery, aud miscellaneous items,
three thousand dollars.
United States and British Claims Commission.
For the compensation aud expenses of the
United States and British claims commission,
forty-nine thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars.
To enable the Presidentof the United States
to perfect and put in force such rules regulating
the civil service as may, from time to time, be
adopted by him, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That after the thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, it shall be
the duty of each head of an executive depart-
ment of the Government, and of all other
public offiefers who have heretofore had print-
ing and binding done at the Congressional
Printing Office tor the use of their respective
Departments or public offices, to include in their
annual estimates for appropriations for the
next fiscal year such sum or sums as may to
them seem necessary for printing and bind-
ing, to be executed under the direction of the
Congressional Printer." '
Sec. 3. That it shall be the duty of the Con-
gressional Printer, when- Congress shall have
made an appropriation for any Department or
public office, to be expended "for printing and
binding, to be executed under the direction of
the Congressional Printer," to cause an account
to be opened with each of said Departments or
public offices, on which he shall charge'for all
.printing and binding ordered by the heads of
said Departments or public offices, in accord-
ance with the schedule of prices established
in accordance- with law, and it shall not be
lawful for him to cause to be executed any
printing or binding the value whereof shall
exceed the amount appropriated for such pur-
pose. And the Congiessional Printer is hereby
authorized to employ a clerk of class two to
have charge of said accounts; and that he
make a detailed report of each account with
Departments or public offices to Congress iu
his annual report.
Seo. i. That all acts and parts of acts pre-
scribing and limiting the number of congres-
sional documents to be printed for the use of
any head of Department or public office are
hereby repealed.
Sec. 5. That all proceeds of sales of old
material, condemned .stores, supplies, or other
public property of any kind, shall hereafter be
deposited and covered into the Treasury as
miscellaneous receipts, on account of "pro-
ceeds of Government property," and shall not
be withdrawn or applied except in consequence
of a subsequent appropriation made by law,
and a detailed statement of all such proceeds
of sales shall be included in the appendix to
the book ot estimates. But this seeiton shall
not be held to repeal the existing authority of
