1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
It is claimed that it is necessary to increase
this subsidy so that our commercial relations
with the East may be continued and advanced;
that they may not be interrupted. Gentlemen
have instanced the policy of European Govern-
ments; they have referred to the system of
England, which stands out among the nations
of Europe as almost the only maritime Power
that has resorted to the policy of subsidies.
England is pointed to as having raised its com-
merce to its present greatness almost exclu-
sively by subsidies. Mr. Chairman, everybody
familiar with this question knows that such is
not the case, that the foreign commerce of
England derives very little if any assistance
from subsidies, and that in no case has the
British Government subsidized a line of steam-
ers except for the purpose of mail carriage, not
as part of a policy for the extension of its
commerce.
But, sir, if England has advanced her com-
merce by the policy of subsidies, I submit that
her policy in that regard is no example for us,
because while she may have raised up one or
two or three great lines of steamships, she has
done it at the expense of her producing inter-
ests, which are now borne down by burdens
of taxation almost equal to our own.
Sir, this question is not to be determined by
arguments so fallacious as that. It certainly
is not to be determined by mere declama-
tion, or by fine specimens of oratory, for which
my distinguished colleague [Mr. Brooks] is so
renowned. This is a plain, practical proposi-
tion, to be determined by the House upon its
merits. The question is whether we shall put
our hands into the public Treasury and give
to a private corporation an additional half
million dollars annually. When we are told
that England has done the like, I fail to see
any analogy between the institutions and pol-
icy of England and those of the United States.
When my colleague tells us that this meas-
ure is in the line of Democratic precedent, I
take issue with him. I claim to speak from
an experience in Congress when the Demo-
cratic party had power. He refers to the case
of the Collins line when he was here as a
Whig member, and when the Whigs, having
the power in Congress, carried through that
subsidy. Sir, it is in the line of Democratic
precedent and Democratic principle, it is in
accord with all the writings, the speeches, and
the actions of the fathers of the Democratic
party, to confine this Government within its
legitimate province, to make it plain, simple,
honest, and economical, not to build up any
private interest or any class, however merito-
rious, at the expense of the many.
Read, sir, the veto message of President
Monroe, read the messages of Andrew Jack-
son, look at the votes and actions of the Dem-
ocratic party in both Houses of Congress from
1802 down to 18G0, and unvaryingly, under
all circumstances, amid all temptations, that
party stood firm to keep this Government
strictly within its constitutional prerogatives.
I say there is but one thing for us to do on
this question, even admitting the truth, the
power, and the force of every reason urged
on the other side in favor of it. I cannot see
how any man who believes in the great con-
stitutional rights of this Government, and who
believes in the principles underlying the great
national Democracy of the country, can vote
here in favor of a scheme like this, which is
a private enterprise and in the line of private
interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will permit me
to make a correction.
Mr. KELLEY. Not out of my time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. When the
subsidy to the Collins line passed, the Senate
stood thirty-eight Democrats to twenty-four
Whigs, and the House one hundred and forty-
two Democrats to ninety-one Whigs.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline going back to the
dead past for reasons for this vote.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I merely wish
to state the facts.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline, I say, to yield
to the gentleman for the purpose of going back
to the dead past to try to draw from the graves
of those who lived under other circumstances
reasons for granting the proposed subsidy. I
look to the future. "Westward the star of
empire takes its way and I behold beyond
the Pacific ocean six hundred million people
waiting, eager for our influence, moral, social,
and religious, and for our productions; I behold
a contest, as described by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] between the stars
and stripes and the cross of St. George, and
I see how, by making a small investment, which
no man in the country will feel, we shall aid
in putting those stars high above that cross in
the great commerce of the future. I see an
expanding market for the cereals of the coun-
try, for its provisions of every kind, for its
manufactures, for the skill, the energy, and
the industry of its people ; and I will vote for
the subsidy that we may have more than a
monthly communication with those six hun-
dred million customers and eager expectants
of our influence.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] upbraided somebody for having op-
posed the measure recommended by the Presi-
dent, when, in an hour of excitement, he 1vas
seduced into proposing the purchase of foreign
built ships. I thank God that I had nerve to
stand against the President, whom I honor,
and also against the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, of which I was a mem-
ber, and to plead for the privilege of Ameri-
can mechanics to build the ships that should
bear the American flag. Since that day, but
some twenty months ago, ship-yards have been
established upon the Delaware, where twenty
iron ships are now building, four of which are
of the largest class, for the purpose of engag-
ing in commerce with England and continental
Europe. Iron-ship yards have been established
elsewhere on the coast and at points on the
lakes; and at Dubuque, far up the great river
of the West, they are building iron steamers.
They are making the plank and erecting the
machinery requisite to build and send down
past St. Louis iron steamers which will move
the commerce of the Mississippi. St. Louis,
too, catching the impulse, is also constructing
yards, and will soon be engaged in competi-
tion with England in the construction of iron
steamers.
What, sir, would now have been our condition
if, to save a few thousand dollars, we had bought
the then useless steamers of France and Ger-
many, the surplus stock of the yards iu which
the Alabama and her companions were built?
A commercial nation without a native marine ;
a commercial nation without ship-yards; a
commercial nation without shipwrights; such
we would have been. We would have been
the laughing-stock of men and angels if we had
followed the policy suggested by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] of
saving a few thousand dollars by admitting
foreign-built ships to American register.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. . Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
a few words in addition to what I said yester-
day. These will be in reply to some remark-
able things that have been suggested during
the continuance of the discussion to-day. We
are told by the gentleman who last spoke, and
by others, that all this legislation is in the in-
terest of American commerce, and to build it
up and develop it permanently.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that it is, in my judg-
ment, conceived in a most unfriendly spirit
against the true, enduring, and sensible inter-
ests of commerce. Such policy as this meas-
ure foreshadows is unjust toward the people,
and it is such as will never promote the per-
manent welfare of American commerce. It
is in the interest of monopoly and tribute to
favorites alone. It is against the interests of
the people of this country. It is what prevents
us from having to-day and from successfully
rebuilding the great ship-yards in our country,
to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] has just referred. If we will break
down our system of insane navigation laws and
tariff regulations, we can erect again our ship-
yards all along our sea-board and great water-
courses of this country, and we will not only
be able to compete in the building of ships
with the mechanics of the entire world, but in
1he running and in the manning of those ships
we can compete most triumphantly with every-
body. The genius, energy, and power of our
citizens can never be distanced in any fair and
open fight. They need no congressional mo-
nopolies and want no congressional favorites
to serve them in such a struggle. They only
need to be left free to organize their skill and
power under the wise and sagacious guidance
of the great laws of trade and of intelligent
self-interest. All the valuable growth of our
country, East and West, North and South,
and all the mighty progress we have made
heretofore of a permanent character, are cred-
itable alone to these great laws, and not to
puny acts of Congress, nor to our short-sighted
and suicidal navigation laws or systems of
subsidies. It is the fashion here to-day to
assume that all our growth, progress, com-
merce, and prosperity are due alone to those
ricketty, dishonest, illogical, and unstatesman-
like laws. Nothing could be more false in
fact, nothing could be more untenable in
argument. It is only claimed iu order to mag-
nify the importance of the business in which
these ship-owners are engaged. It is a des-
perate effort to give color to a bad and selfish
demand.
My friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,1
of whom I would not wish to say an unkind
word, for my respect for him is so sincere
and profound that I could not, has made some
most unfortunate allusions this afternoon. He
has intimated, Mr. Chairman, that the gen-
tlemen who oppose this proposition have
more respect for "the cross of St. George"
than they have for the flag of America. I
know he does not mean what his language
implies. I know he never would say it in
sincerity, or because he believed it, but only
in the heat of debate. I concede to him the
same sincerity in his opinion which I claim
for myself, but no more. I cannot accept his
definition of Democratic policy. The Demo-
cratic party is not in favor of subsidies—in
fact or in general principles.
Now, what was the result to Great Britain
of the policy pursued by the proprietors of
"the cross of St. George," the statesmen of
England, prior to 1846? My friend seems
willing now to take that policy, to go back-
ward in statecraft, if not in civilization, for
rules of action. I will read, Mr. Chairman, an
extract from a writer on the financial history
and fiscal legislation of England, Mr. Noble, a
man who is not excited, as we are here to-da}'.
He describes the results of the policy which
my friend from New York [Mr. Brooks]
would now have us adopt. Instead of gath-
ering wisdom from the follies and blunders
of our mother country, and accepting the
counsels of her later and wiser statesmen, we
are invited to reenact her errors, and chastise
ourselves by longer persistence in the ways of
foolishness. I am not willing to accept such
guidance, but I prefer rather to consult the
results of England's restrictive and blunder-
ing conduct, and thus enable our country to
shun the danger in our pathway. Mr. Noble
says:
"It was, however, abundantly proved by the evi-
dence adduced that these laws failed to secure su-
periority either in ships, captains, mates, seamen, or
navigation, that they failed to secure a supply of
seamen for the navy; that they were very prejudicial
t© our foreign and colonial trade; that they caused
the enaotmeat fry other countries gf similar laws,
