3452
THD 0 ON(tRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
should like to support the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine so far as it makes the
duty specific on lumber in which the West is
interested.^ I think it is better for the revenue
to lie specific than ad valorem. But I think
the gentleman's amendment makes the specific
°.n dressed lumber entirely too high.
1 lie price for dressing lumber, for planing and
tonguing and grooving lumber for flooring is
about twenty shillings a thousand; and he
proposes to levy an additional duty of over
two dollars. Of course, it costs something to
do it, there.
But 1 desire to say a word, Mr. Chairman,
with reference to the subject of duty on lum-
ber. I do not take back a single word I have
heretofore uttered on this floor on the subject
of removing duties entirely on lumber I
believe we ought to come to free trade in lum-
ber; that lumber should be as free as anything
else. 1 believe it will be for the interest of
the whole country. It will be eventually (or
the interest of Maine and Wisconsin and Mich-
igan, and all the lumber regions where trees
are standing. It will be to their interest that
the trees should be cut down in the Biuish
possessions, that the forests should be felled
there and the lumber brought over here while
our forests are being nursed, except of course
being cut down for necessary purposes of our
own. Every year, then, these timber lands in
Michigan and Wisconsin and Maine would be
increasing in value.
Now, on the whole subject of the material
used in the West, I wish to read a letter which
i have received Irom a wagon-maker in my
district. It is fiom a firm which manufactures
a large number of wagons and carnages an-
nua ly. What lie says in regard to iron is
applicable also to wood :
Dear Gknkbai,: I have always been a tariff
• , , V,w "!'ia |lrot.<'c'tlvu '"iff-' Unt 1 confess the
WW h , pig-uon men of Pittsburg ami the
n u>t lias gone far toward making: mo go buck on
ii y former record. 1 am mnv tor n,-revenue tariff
a lid no more and 1 think you would meet the views
ol the niaimluclurers ol your district, as far as I
have talked with tliem, if you would voto for a. large
o?h,U,C i"1 T iV10 Ur,ff °i' for,cis" >">d urse
ih i 0 tl>° same, Last Wudnestlay I met .M
tile laige manutacturersof wagons atClucniro, (rei>-
resenting ail annual manufacture of over titty thou-
sand wagons,) and all were of my opinion."
Mr. DAWES. That has nothing to do
with the pending amendment.
Mr. 1( ARNSW OR IH. I make this applica-
ble to wood also. Now, Mr. Chairman, there
are other interests in this country, other labor-
ing interests beside the manufacture of iii«-
iron and those who are engaged ill the cutting
down of lumber. There are other laborers
and other mechanics to be fostered. Here is
the manufacture of fifty thousand wagons annu-
ally, beside small manufactuiers who make
a few wagons at the cross-roads. Here are
the blacksmiths, who shoe horses and mend our
wagons. Here are the shoemakers and the
tailors, who are equally entitled to protection.
Here are manufacturers and mechanics of
every kind, the house-carpenter and joiner,
the men who make your agricultural imple-
ments. I have a town in my district where
moie agricultural implements are made than
in any other town in the world. They make
more reapers and mowers and other a ri-
cultural implements, and they have to
these taxi,s, these bounties, and get nothing
back. J hey ship their agricultural implements
to Europe and compete with the manufacturers
there after paying the high bounties which
they are obliged to pay on the iron and the
wood which enter into their manufacture.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will say that on every pound of iron
that goes into an agricultural or any other
implement there is a drawback for the full
amount of money paid upon it, under the pres-
ent law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no 1
Mr. LYNCH. On every article composed
of foreign manufactures in this country and
exported, there is a drawback.
Mr. tARNS WORTH. Our manufacturers
use American iron, and cannot keep separate
accounts of home and foreign materials.
^ Mr. LYNCH. For the iron and steel there
is a drawback, notwithstanding that the manu-
facturers use American wood.
Mr. PARNS WORTH. The point made by
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] has
nothing whatever to do with what I am point-
ing out. The manufacturers of agricultural
implements cannot keep separate accounts.
J.hey buy iron at Pittsburg, the price of which
is enhanced by the tariff. They buy their
timber, the price of which is enhanced by the
tariff. They keep no separate accounts. When
they manufacture a large quantity of reapers
they do not know which are for export and
winch are for home sale. But orders come
from abroad and they answer those orders
'iY3 rei,Pe.ra they have on hand.
Still, Mr. Chairman, I am inclined, on the
whole, to support the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] as I stated
to gentlemen representing the lumber inter-
ests, before the amendment was offered, that
I would do so for the purpose of having this
question settled.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to detain the
committee; but a query cairie up in my mind
when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Earns
wohth] was reading what his manufacturer of
wagons threatened to do. The query was,
what in the world would he do for a market
for his wagons?
Mr. h A liN S WORTH. Our wagon-makers
do not sell a wagon in Massachusetts or Penn
sylvania.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted by the gentleman. He would not yield
to me; and he will not even let me talk in my
own time. [Laughter.] A predecessor of the
gentleman m this House, coming from Chi-
cago, once got up angrily in this liouse and
saiu ho owed it to the interests of the wool-
grower to carry on a war to the knife on the
wool manufacturer; and when I asked hitu
what then he would do with his wool, he said
he had not thought of that. [Laughter.] I
knew a man once who said that when all
the rest of the world was dead he was going
to keep store. And when the manufacturer
of wagons wants to put down the men who use
wagons, and thinks he can prosper in that way,
all 1 have to say is that lie is purblind
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman 
'i he CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. i< ARNbWORl'H. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I renew it.
Mr. FETE US. Would it be in order to
offer a substitute for the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Lynch?]
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments now pending.
Mr. CONGER. I renew the amendment
which was withdrawn; and 1 wish to make
some remarks upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wished to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks]
a question before he sat down.
llie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts had some time left. Does he
yield to the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It might take fifty
thousand wagons to transport the buttons,
nutmegs, and other small wares manufactured
in the State of Massachusetts; but I never
heard of our wagon-makers selling one of
their wagons to that State or to Pennsylvania.
Mr. DAWES. Without the buttons made
in New England, the gentleman would have to
run out of this House. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I can get a wagon
to carry me out. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Faruswortii] with-
draws his amendment, and I wish to move an
amendment.
Mr. I'ARNSWORTH. I cannot withdraw
the amendment without the consent of my
colleague, [Mr. Burchard,] who offered it
originally.
Mr. CONGER. I understood he with-
drew it.
Mr. BURCHARD. I am willing to with-
draw it on condition that the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. CONGER. Very well, sir, I renew it
pro Jorma, and I wish to say to the commit-
tee, and I wish the attention of the gentleman
rvrn T-!"mols> "ot ,lie free-trade gentleman,
[Mr. harnsworth,] but (he liberal gentleman
rom Illinois, [Mr. Burchard,] who tirofessed
to be in this committee and in this House the
professed especial advocate and friend of labor
and of laborers, to the fact that he makes an
amendment which cuts down the duty which is
for the benefit of labor and laborers. The gen-
tleman knows that he makes an amendment
which cuts down the duty which is for the bene-
fit of abor and laborers. The gentleman knows
the planing, the tonguing and grooving, which
is all labor, and nothing but labor, that his
amendment will affect. He knows that it costs
here three dollars per thousand at least to do
this work, and that it is all labor.
Now, if the gentleman offered this amend-
ment m ignorance, my people will forgive him,
but if he did it, knowingly, willfully, and with
malice prepense against labor, let the laborers
forgive him if they will, but I never will.
Now, I want the gentleman to know, and I
want the House to know, that this advocate
of labor proposes to cut down the duty which
protects labor and laborers. His remarks are
printed, and I call the attention of the com-
mittee and of the laborers of the country to
the fact that he reduces to a mere nominal
sum the protection to their labor, and gives it
to Canadian labor. I want to spread that fact
before the country, that the consistency of thia
professed friend of labor may be apparent. I
will carry the war into Africa on that subject.
I appeal to Ins record that he does not protect
labor or laborers by this amendment.
Mr. L. M\ ERS. Let me say to the gentle-
man that I intend to vote his way notwith-
standing he was against the letter-carrier.
Mr. BURCHARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, 1 desire to say a word here. In the
motion that I make I desire to afford reason-
able protection to labor.
Mr. CONGER. 1 thought the gentleman
wanted to ask a question.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will not interrupt
the gentleman if he does not desire it, but will
seek an opportunity to reply to him hereafter.
Mr. CONGER. I tell the gentleman again
that eighty per cent, of the expense put into
the manufacture of lumber is labor, and he
has made an attack upon it. If an attack
were made on the duties on wheat and flour
and the beef and cattle and the otherproduels
of his agricultural constituency, and he were
to support such an attack, they would drive
him from their constituency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. By the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois I withdraw the amend-
tnent.
Mr. Vhil liRS. I wish to take the sense of
the House on an amendment as a substitute for
that of my colleague. It is as follows :
Tbilt on all lumber and manufactures of lumber
dunes ^ ninety per cont. of tho existing
The exislioc; rate is twenty per cenf. ad
valorem., and I wish to test the sense of the
House on a reduction of the duty on lumber,
like the reductions on articles heretofore voted
by the House in voting for a horizontal reduc-
tion of ten per cent. This, if adopted, will
leave the duty eighteen per cent, ad valorem.
Now, a single word in reply to the gentleman -
