1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rm
analogies and principles of the Constitution
applicable to it, as presented by the clear and
logical^ argument of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
followed in another argument, in which he
assailed the general unconstitutionality of the
measure proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in unanswerable reasons, by argu-
ments that have not beeu and cannot be refilled.
My honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Thpr-
man] made opposition to the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts shortly after it
was propounded, upon the ground of its uncon-
stitutionality. I was gratified, and I tender my
thanks to that honorable Senator for opposing
the proposition upon that ground. I trust that
the true friends of the Constitution will never
sit silent in this Chamber and permit any propo-
sition whatever that infringes the Constitution
to be passed without a protest, without the
resistance of their voice and their votes.
Sir, I know how stale the Constitution has
become, how low it has sunk iu the contempt '
of ceitain Radical Senators. Why do they not
bum it by the public hangman? Why do they
not, as they would in the Legislative Assem-
bly of France or in some legislative bodies in
the South American republics, introduce what
is here called a concurrent resolution and
repudiate the Constitution wholly ? That would
not suit the policy of Senators. They know
that if the Constitution should be in form as
well as in practice and foot repudiated by them,
it would briug up the American people against
them, and therefore they ehoose to ktep the
Constitution as a mask, as a covert, under
which, and for which, pro forma, they profess
to be doing battle and service. At the very
time that they are trampling under foot its
most important provisions and its most sacred ;
principles, they are ejaculating words of fealty
and support to the Constitution.
The Constitution does aot stand in the way
of any of their purposes or any of their meas-
ures. Whenever it is ia front of one of their
revolutionary movements they do uot hesitate
to ride it down. They have been at that work
for seven or eight years, and they will continue
in that course of revolution and violence on
the Constitution as long as they continue in
power. There is but one way to arrest their
violations of the Constitution and their pro-
gressive revolution, and that is for the people
to hurl them from power. If the people are
not ready to undertake that work, the Con-
stitution wili ere long be dead in torm as it is
now in substance and in operation.
Sir, the idea of a written constitution is a
great American idea. It is the grandest idea
of all statesmanship, aneii ntor modern. But
for a constitution to be of any value it must
be observed. The history of our Constitution,
its origin in the midst of the imbecility of
the old Articles of Confederation, under the
counsels of the wisest and purest statesmen
that ever lived upon earth ; its great, just, wise
distribution of power between the States and
the General Government, and its wholesome
and necessary restrictions upon the power of
both the United States and the States for the
security of the liberty of the citizen ; its happy
inauguration, the prosperity and glory and
power of the nation under its auspices for
some seventy years, will bo written in words
of the most lofty panegyric and of the most
glowing eloquence. But, sir, it was an instru
luent of government not made tor the storms
of war. not mstda to buffet amid the throes
of a bloody revolution. It was made for the
councils of peace and of patriotism, in the
repression of all ambition and selfishness, and
when civil war came we saw that the Con-
gress of the United States, the Senate and the
House of Representatives, its sworn defend-
ers and supporters, were the first and the
most ruthless to lay violent hands upon it
and to bring it to its ruin.
I repeat, that a written, inviolable constitu-
tion is one grand American idea which the
people who love liberty ought never to surren-
der—a written constitution, the law of the
Government, the instrument that creates it,
that gives it every power that it possesses,
that imposes great and salutary restrictions
npon its power, and that withholds from it
and gives to the States respectively, or to the
geople, all powers not delegated by its words.
at there is another grand American idea,
and that is, that no Government has any legiti-
mate sanction unless it be created by or with
the consent of the governed. Is there a man
in the Senate who will object to that proposi-
tion in the abstract? Oh, no. They will do
it lip-service; they will consent to its truth as
a principle of statesmanship; and yet they
will violate it every day in the year.
Sir, what has been the sin and the offense
of the secessionists and of the southern States ?
Benjamin P. Wade announced in a speech
which he made in the Senate of the Li nited
States that the southern States had a right to
secede, and be said, "If they want to secede
and go to themselves, and think they can do
better, I, for one, give my consent." Mr. Lin-
coln proclaimed in the other House that they
had the right of revolution, that all peoples who
were tired of their Government had the right
of revolution. That is an inalienable and in-
destructible principle, and will be asserted
through all the course of time whenever a suf
ficient case of exigency comes up to warrant
its exercise. Sir, if all Governments have
their authority, and their only authority, from
the consent of the governed, this principle
applies not only in the origin and the making
of the Government, but also in its continu-
ance, the right to alter it, to put it aside and
make another at their pleasure. The power
of the people to make their own Government
would be an absurdity and a logical solecism
unless it applied in the continuance and the
change of the Government as well as in its
making.
Now, Mr. President, what did these sou;hern
people do? There were eight millions of them
inhabiting eleven States. They went for seces-
sion. They went for secession with a greater
unanimity than any people on the face of the
earth desiring to change their institutions and
Government. Will any man contend that eight
million people, who become tired of existing
institutions and desire to change their form
of government, commit an atrocious and dia.-
bohcal crime? What sort of congruity would
there be between that position and the position
which all Senators concede, that every people
have the right to make their own Government?
If the little States of South America, if Hayti
and St. Domingo and other half-barbaric peo-
ples, have a right to make their own Govern-
ment, according to all the rights of humanity,
why had not the people of eleven States the
right to make theirs?
Mr. President, the statesmen of Massachu-
setts were the originators of that heresy, if
heresy it be. They were its first teachers and
propagators. It originated with thym in the
very cradle of the Revolution, and the-y asserted
itto a  extent, with a decision, and a boldness
that even the position of Virginia and South
Carolina would pale before. John Quincy
Adams, as suggested by my honorable friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] a few days ago,
took ground distinctly in favor of the right ot
secession, and he did it in one of the ablest
and best-considered papers that ever came
from his pen, m his address before theJHis-
torieal Society of New York, ou the fiftieth
anniversary of the inauguration of General
Washington as President of the United States.
I will read an extract from it. This, sir, [Mr.
POMEBOY in the chair,] comes from your native
State. I know you have wandered far off from
the early teachings of the great statesman of
Massachusetts, but still, for your^ edification
and instruction, I will read from him a little;
"In the calm hours of self-possession, the right of
a State to nullify an act of Congress is too absurd for
argument and too odious fbr discussion."
I agree to that.
"The right of a State to secede from the Union
is equally disowned by the principles of the Decla-
ration of Independence. Nations acknowledge no
judge between them upon oarth, and their Govern-
ments, from necessity, must in their intercourse with
each other decide when the failure of one party to
a contract to perform its obligations absolves the
other from the reciprocal fulfillment of his own.
But this last of earthly powers is not necessary to
the freedom or independence of States connected
together by the immediate action of the people of
whom they consist. To the people alone is there
reserved, as well the dissolving as the constituent
power, and that power can be exercised by them
only under the tie of conscience, binding them to
the retributive justice of Heaven."
Now, sir, mark, that is the. only condition
which this sage statesman imposed upon the
right of secession, that it was to be exercised
by them " only under the tie of conscience,
binding them to the retributive justice of
Heaven." He goes on to say:
"With these qualifications we mayadmitthesame
right as vested m the people of every State in the
Union, with reference to the General Government,
which was exercised by the people ot the united
colonies with reference to the supreme head of the
British empire, of which they formed a part; and
under these limitations, have the people of each
State in the Union a right to aeoede from the con-
federated Union itself."
There is*the language of that statesman.
The upstart politicians and statesmen of this
degenerate day will dare deride the great
statesmanship and lofty patriotism of John
Quincy Adams; but here are his words, here
is his position, in which I do not agree, as my
honorable friend from Ohio does uot. I will
illustrate my position: before lhe union of
England aud Scotland, under the reign of
Queen Anne, they constituted two distinct
and separate sovereignties. During her reign
those two sovereignties consented to unite
and become one sovereignty. I maintain that
their articles of union being perpe-taal bind
them in perpetuity,, and that neither has the
right to secede from the union formed by them
without the consent of the other. And so of
the States that formed the Union by our Con-
stitation iu 1787. The able Senator from Wis-
consin admitted that before the present Con-
stitution was formed each Stats was a separate
and distinctsovereigaty. Tie Articles of Con-
federation so recite the fact. There are five
different articles that claim for each State all
the rights aud powers of sovereignty by the
old Articles of Confederation. But they went,
by the consent of the people of the several
State*, into a Convention, and in that Conven-
tion they agreed to merge their separate and
distinct sovereignties for a lew general pur-
poses into one. To the extent that they agreed
to become one sovereignty they are one sover-
eignty, and none of them had a right to secede
from it. But outside of the surrender of their
sovereignty, as to all the rights aud powers
appertaining to a sovereign people that were
not delegated by the words of the Constitutiou,
they continued to be and are to-day separate,
distinct, independent sovereignties.
What did Mr. Adams say further? If gen-
tlemen would deign to read Mr. Adams, und
would accept the wise course and spiritof what
he says to his countrymen on this important
subject, they would all be the better for it. He
says:
"Thus stands the right"—
The right of secession—
"but the indissoluble link of union between the
people of the several States of this confederated
nation is, after all, not ill the right but in the heart.
If the day should ever come, (may Heaven avert it,)
when theafiectionsof these States snail be alienated
from each other; when the fraternal spirit shall give
way to cold indifference, or collisions of interest  uait
fester into hatred, the bands of political association
will notiong hold together partiesno longer attracted
by the magnetism of conciliated interests and Kindly
sympathies; and far better will it be for the people
of tho disunited States to part in friendship irorn
eaeh other than to be held together by constraint.
Theij will be the time for reverting to the precedents
which occurred at the formation and auoptioaoi the
Constitution to form again a more perfect union by
