1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4349
Mr. COLE. It is altogether indefinite now. I
If the Senator from South Carolina is correct,
there is no sense in the expression "propor-
tion of cost." If I am correct, there should
be some proportion specified, and that is the
amount specified in the document from which
my friend from South Carolina was reading
some time ago, in the form of a law, I believe,
of the city council of this city; and I notice
in that there is that proportion specified. I
think it- very proper to put it in here, and not
leave it afloat for the Board of Public Works
here to say what proportion shall be paid by
the United States; that is, whether nineteen
twentieths or ninety-nine hundredths. One
third is the proper proportion and the full
proportion for the United States to pay.
Mr. BLAIR. This work from Seventh
street to Seventeenth street is entirely within
the public grounds. One hundred feet on the
north bank of the canal belongs to the Gov-
ernment, so that it is entirely within the pablic
grounds the whole distance.
Mr. COLE. We provided in the law which
has been read that a certain work should not
cost over $150,000, and that we would pay
one third of that, and I suppose we are willing
now to continue to pay one third. There is
some sense in the position taken by the Sen-
ator from Missouri or there is not. I think
we ought at least to look into this matter
bpfore we put ourselves body and soul into
the hands of the Board of Public Works of
this city.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I would
suggest to the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia that the amount of money appropriated
is specifically stated, and you need not be
afraid they are going to expend any less.
Mr. COLE. " Or so much thereof as- may
he necessary."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, It will not
be any less, you may be surei
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not
over and above well pleased with the way this
work is being conducted ; but I do think that
where the improvement is entirely within the
public grounds it would be unfair to shirk it
all npon the city government. Therefore I
suggest and will offer an amendment to the
amendment, " except through the public
grounds"—adding-those words to the words
of the Senator frbm California.
Mr. COLE. Very well ; I will accept that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That will
do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- The ques-
tion is on the'amendment of the Senator from
California as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this has been stated
to be public grounds and the canal to be pub-
lic property—I believe it is myself—I move to
amend by adding to this paragraph, " and the
land made by such filling of said canal is here-
by-declared to be the property of the United
States," so as to have certainly a claim-put in
by the United States to it as against certain
people who will immediately set up a -private
claim the moment we get it filled up', I sus-
pect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oil the amendment of the Senator irom
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to move a verbal
amendment on the eleventh page, lirfe twohun-
dred and fifty-seven, where the date of the
allowance of letters-patent to Seaton for his
census invention machine is described as being
February 19,1872, and it should be February
17,1872. The word "nineteenth" should be
*' fceexit ''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
amendment will be agreed to if there is no
objection. It ia agreed to. •
Mr. COLE. On page 55, line-—-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was
an amendment reserved on page 51.
Mr. COEE. Let that be acted on.
The Chief Clerk. After Line twelve hun-
dred and forty-one the Committee on Appro-
priations proposed to insert:
And all railroads are hereby prohibited on the T
street and K street fronts of Farragut, Scott, and
Franklin squares; and no further street railroads
shall be laid down in the city of Washington without
the consent of Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that offered as an
amendment to the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was an
amendment reported by the Committee on
Appropriations and passed over.
Mr. CASSEIILY. I make the objection
that it is obnoxious to the rule restricting
amendments to appropriation bills. I think
that objection was conceded by the friends of
thia amendment. They have introduced some
bills for accomplishing the objects of this
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that the Senator who occupied the
chair when this bill was under consideration
before decided the amendment to be oat of
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair did not decide
the whole paragraph to be out of order. The
first two lines are perfectly competent, because
this very bill contains an appropriation for the
improvement of these squares. The last two
lines I think myself are out of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ascertain
what is the condition of this amendment. I
understand the Senator from Ohio to object
that part of it is inadmissible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy.) The Chair the other day decided that
the amendment taken as a whole was clearly
out of order, but tljat if any Senator chose to
divide it the Chair thought it would be in
order. The Chair, however, could decide on
the amendment only as a whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not agree that the
first part of it is admissible under the rule. I
do not see what forbidding a railroad to run
by a square has to do with an appropriatioh
for the improvement of the square. I make
that remark because 1 much prefer that the
wbole thing should be dealt with together.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let it be dealt
with together.
Mr. WEST. I understand the Chair to
decide that, this amendment is out of order.
The PRESIDING .OFFICER. Taken as
a whole the Chair so decides.
Mr. WEST. Then I offer as an amendment
the first two lines.
Mr. COLE'. My colleague on the committee
modifies the amendment by striking out the
last two lines.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for a decision of the
Chair on this amendment as a whole, and I
do not -think it is divisible. No one can
amend the amendment of the committee.
This amendment was reported by the commit-
tt-e, and of course no individual member of
the committee can have the authority to
change it.
Mr. COLE. Any Senator can move to
modify the amendment of the committee.
Mr. BLAIR. The question of orderis made,
and it must be decided before any amendment
can be offered to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion of order was decided. This amendment,
taken as it stands in the text,the Chair thinks,
is not in order under the rules.
Mr. BLAIR. I raise the point of order
against the amendment offered by the Senator
from Louisiana. I think there can be no
doubt-about it. The mere fact 
Mr. WEST. Is the point of order debat-
3 The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Sena-
tor is proceeding to explain his point by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BLAIR- I suppose I have a right to
state my point of order. The mere fact that
there is an appropriation in this bill for these
squares does not authorize legislation in re-
gard to the streets which are outside of the
squares.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest in support of
the propriety of this amendment, as a matter
of order, that in the bill somewhere—I do not
see it at this moment, but we havo agreed to
it—there is a provision providing for paying a
very large sum of money to the Board of Public
Works for our share of the expense of paving
the streets in front of the public property. It
does not require any time or argument to show
that in considering the question of providing
money for pavements, and this bill provides
for pavements, the question of street railroads
has a direct connection with the subject of our
duty and obligation to pave and keep the streets
in order. Anybody can se,e that in a moment.
Therefore I think this amendment should be
made in connection with, the provision in this
bill on some page 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Page 9.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On page 9 we have agreed
to an amendment which has become pajt of
the bill, providing for paying pur share of
paving all over the District of Columbia
wherever we have property or public buildings.
Now, to say that we cannot provide in the
same bill, as directly relating to that .expend-
iture of .that money, that street railroads shall
not be laid on the pavements qf this town
without the consent of Congress, is to say that
you cannot control the objects fqr which you
spend, money and protect the property you
spend it upon.
Mr. BLAIR. Is there anything in this bill
that appropriates money for this street?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill provides gen-
erally, on page 9, as the Senator will see, "'to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
reasonable and proper expense only incurred
for paving roadway and cuib and paving side-
walks in front of the property of the United
States in the District of Columbia, $150,000,
Mr. SHERMAN. And I will state to the
Senator that that covers work in the streets
right in front of each of these squares.
, Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; but it,does
not make any difference whether it. does or
not. It covers it everywhere where we have
property. It is a general appropriation. N,ow,
we say, while Me are helping to keep up the
streets of Washington in order to make this
expenditure useful they shall npt be ;torn up
and street railroads laid down and travel driven
off them and property ruined without our con-
sent to it. It relates directly to the bill, as I
tbThe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make a point of order? , > ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I'make the point of order
that the amendment is in order in view of
what the bill contains. . rr
The PRESIDING . OFFICER. If the
amendment is moved in .connection with that
appropriation, which is an amendment which
was not known to be in the bill at the time the
Chair made his ruling pn this text before, the
Chair thinks an amendment in connection
with that appropriation would be in order.
Mr. WEST. Then, to meet the views of the
Chair, I will move to add, after line two huu-
dred, on page 9, these words:
And all railroads are hereby prohibited on tbe I
street and it street fronts of Farragut, Scott, ana
Franklin squares.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
to move the whole proviso just as it was
before.
Mr. WEST. Very well; I will move it all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that is in order.
Mr. BLAIR. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. .
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?'
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have
the amendment now offered read from the
