1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3453
from New York [Mr. Brooks] and the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farstswohth,] that
we ought to postpone the felling of our forests
a half a century, or a longer period of time.
Let me ask those gentlemen what are the sev-
eral hundred thousands of population in my
State who are engaged in this interest going
to do while they are waiting a half century, or
a decade even, for our forests to grow, and
we are using only the foreign production?
What would become of our immense invest-
ments in mills and other property but to allow
them to fall into rottenness 1 What will be-
come of our laborers ? We are educated in
the business of lumbering ; our property is in-
vested in the business ; our lives, as it were,
are in the business. We have not depended
upon profitable agricultural pursuits. As I
said before, we goto the West for much of our
agricultural supplies. Do you want us to post-
pone all duty on lumber for a decade to come ?
Then repeal the duty on iron for a decade ;
take the duty oft of agricultural productions
for ten years. Let us have ten years during
•which to go to the provinces for our clothing
and all else we want without paying duty. Do
that, and we will ask no duty on lumber for
the same period.
But iron cannot wait a decade without some
protection; wool and woolens cannot wait;
cotton cannot wait. And we who are actively
and industriously engaged in this enterprise,
in which we are educated and skilled and
situated tor life, and who have no opportuni-
ties to engage in other industries and pursuits,
cannot wait any more than can these other
interests wait. I hope, and, if it is not an im-
proper term, I do pray that the Committee of
the Whole will sustain this amendment, and
stand by us for the reduction I have proposed
to eighteen per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Thus far, Mr. Chairman,
I have remained silent during the very inter-
esting discussion we have had upon the tariff.
I did not intend to participate in it at all, for
the reason that my mind has been rather
brought to the conclusion that we shall not be
able to pass any tariff bill at all through the
present Congress. I am favorable to the
proposition of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lyxch,] and I will briefly give my reasons.
The theory of our Government as I under-
stand it is that its laws shall be equal; that
you shall not, select any particular branch of
industry and legislate to its disadvantage, with
a view to promote the interests of any other
interest. Now, so far as my district is con-
cerned, it would be advantageous to it to have
lumber free. But I. shall not give my vote
to make lumber free, simply because it will
_ redound to the advantage of my constituents,
when 1 feel sure that it will strike down a very
important interest in a very remote part of the
country. Sir, there are but two States, I
believe, that are now largely interested in this
lumber business, and they are the States of
Maine and Michigan. I feel an interest in
giving a vote, and in exercising the power of
my voice for the protection of their industries,
as t would in the protection of my own con-
stituents.
Now, why should we strike down this lum-
ber interest in Maine? It is to some extent
an agricultural interest, because the lumber
is the property of the farmer. What have
you done by your tariff to protect the interests
of the farmer in any section of the country ?
I hold in my hand the New York Tribune, said
to be the organ of the protectionists of this
country. I suppose its utterances will have
more significance just now for the reason that
One of the Republican candidates for the
Presidency of the United States was until yes-
terday its editor. It says in the beginning of
an article " Our tariff is eminently a farmer's
tariff." "A farmer's tariff!" Sir, I chal-
lege gentlemen on either side of the House to
show me wherein it is a farmer's tariff. The
average of duties upon the products of the
soil are only about ten per cent. The duty
upou lumber, that is manufactured in many
instances by the farmer who owns the timber,
is now only twenty per cent, ad valorem. Is
that a farmer's tariff?
These very protectionists tell us, in advo-
cacy of the doctrine of protection, that by these
high duties upon iron, upon steel, upon woolen
and cotton goods, you built up a home mar-
ket for the farmer, that is the theory; that
you built up a home market for the farmer,
yet you practically give the benefit of that
market to the farmers of a foreign land. It
has been said that the farmers pay none of
your taxes. Sir, when you were at war, when
your flag was in danger, when the rebellion
broke out, upon whom did you call to go to
the field of battle and to lay down his life in
his country's defense? Who rallied more
readily during the late troubles than did the
farmers of Maine and Michigan? Yet after
they have fought the battles necessary for the
salvation and preservation of the country,
for the very existence of the Republic, after
they have fought the battles that enable you
to be here to-day to legislate, you propose to
strike down their interests by making lumber
free, at the same time pretending, as protec-
tionists do, that you are building up a home
market for the farmers.
Mr. Chairman, as I said in the beginning,
you have no more right to select the lumber
interest and strike it down than you have to
strike down the iron interest of Pennsylvania.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Peteus,] which proposes to insert
the following:
On all lumber and manufactures of lumber tho
duty shall bo ninety per cent, of tile existing duties.
Mr. COX. May I otter an amendment at
this time ?
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. PETERS. I understand my colleague
is in favor of my substitute.
Mr. LYNCH. I shall vote for tay col-
league's substitute in preference to my own
amendment. I offered my proposition at the
suggestion of several gentlemen as a compro-
mise.
Mr. BURCIIARD. Is the proposition of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pktkrs] a
substitute for the proposition of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Lyxuh?]
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Is it not in order
to amend a substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to per-
fect a paragraph proposed to be inserted, as
well as a paragraph proposed to be struck out.
The paragraph proposed to be struck out is
the text. The paragraph proposed to be in-
serted is offered by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lyxoh ;] and the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] proposes as an amendment to
that his substitute, which is an amendment
in the second degree. If the amendment of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peteks] be
voted down, another amendment can be offered
to perfect the substitute of the gentleman from
Maine, Mr. [Lyxch.]
The question being taken on the substitute
offered by Mr. Peters, there were—ayes 84,
noes 44.
Mr. KERR called for tellers.
'Tellers were not ordered.
So the substitute of Mr. Peters for the
amendment of Mr. Lynch was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SliN'ATE.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox, one of its
clerks, announced that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. li. No. IG54) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in tile appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 80,1872, and for former
years, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted on its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R, No. 1191)
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 80, 1873, and for
other purposes ; had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to other amendments of
the Senate ; had agreed to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votesof the
two Houses, and had appointed as conferees
on the part of tho Senate, Mr. Cole, Mr. Cba-
gin, and Mr. Stockton.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, bills of
the following titles:
An act (II. li. No. 1958) to authorize the
city of Bufiaio, New York, to construct a tun-
nel under Niagara river, and to erect and
maintain an inlet pier therefrom for the pur-
pose of supplying the city of Buffalo with
pure water;
An act (II. R. No. 2093) to grant an Amer-
ican register to the Hawaiian bark Florence;
An act^ (II. R. No. 2U13) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the tide-water
of Dunstan river, in the State of Maine ; and
Anact(ll. R. No. 2341) to allow the pleasure-
yacht Red llot to take the name of Addie
Parker, and bo registered under that name.
TAltlFi'.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. 13 U EC HARD. I move to insert "ex-
cept on lumber used in ship-building and for
fencing."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentl< imau . from
New York [Mr, Cox] has given notice of his
intention to offer such an amendment, and it
Las been hold in abeyance in compliance with
suggestion of the Chair. The Clerk will read
the amendment of tbe gentleman from New
York.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, All lumber used in fencing,ship-build-
in jr, and buildings of all kinds, shall bocxewptirom
duty.
Mr. DAWES. Why do you want to put this
on the free list?
Mr. BUUCFIARD. Mr. Chairman, I would
not wish to discuss this question any furl her
if it were not for the fact that the remarks of
gentlemen here seem to be somewhat of a
personal character. 80 far as anything I have
done or said on this floor, I have endeavored
not to permit personal feelings to interfere
with my convictions of duty. In submitting a
proposition to reduce the duty on lumber, 1
have felt no desire to make any personal raid
on any member or any interest or any industry
of the country.
Hie admissions of the Representatives of
Michigan have in some degree, if not in tins
House, elsewhere, influenced ray judgment as
to the rate and necessity for a duty. 1 will send
to the Clerk's desk the testimony of a gentle-
man whose statements I have here. 1 think
they are entitled togieat weight, from the fact
that h<2 is one of the representatives of this very
lumber interest. Mr. Fkrry, of Michigan,
states thatth** duty on lumber should be main-
tained on account of the greater cost of stump-
age in Michigan, This is for the interest of
eastern capitalists and land-owners, rather than
for the laborers in the lumber States. The
benefit inures to men who own the pine lands,
and not to the lumbermen. It is to the inter-
est, not of the lumbermen, but of the capi-
talists, that the duty should be high on the
Canadian lumber.
Mr. Ferry tells us that there is a great dif-
ference in the stumpage. lie states that the
stumpage on pine in Canada is forty cents, and
m the States it averages about three dolhus
and a half. It is a question of &turnpage,
therefore, and not a question oi protection. I
ask tho Clerk to read.
