1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
by hundreds of thousands of dollars, why-
should any intelligent individual hesitate to
pay $500,000 more annually into the coffers
of this company ? Why, have not the people
given us perfect liberty to do this-? Are we
not sent here, every one of us, with a carte
blanche to fill up as we please, to pay away
hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars
of the people's money? Why not, therefore,
bestow this $500,000 jearly_ upon this com-
pany, this monopoly, in addition to all it has
already received ?
Will not our farmers rejoice if we do this?
They are not taxed at all; they can stand this
$500,000 more each year; then impose still
greater burdens upon them. Why has .this
ample store of money, derived from the hard
earnings of our constituents, been given to us,
but for this very purpose and other purposes
of a like character ? Why does the farmer
expose himself to the wind and sun, why does
he dig and plow, why does the mechanic ham-
mer and work, if it is not to pay taxes, unwill-
ingly though it may be, to go into the Treasury
of the United States that wc may subsidize
these corporations?
And will not our soldiers rejoice if we do
this? Will not the widows rejoice? Will not
the hundreds of thousands who have come
here year after year, asking for donations of
public lands as bounties, rejoice when we go
home and tell them that as a Congress we
Irave refused their request so that we can sub-
sidize these monopolies ? It will take but a
few hundred thousand acres of land to yield
enough to enable us to give this $500,000 a
year to this wealthy company. And will they,
not join and say to us, " Well done, good and
faithful servants, you have done right, and
shall receive your reward." Ah! is it not right
for us to make merchant princes here? Are
we not elected to Congress for that very pur-
pose, and to donate the public lauds to corpo-
rations? Yes, sir ; but when the proposition
is to donate public lands to soldiers, we must
never sanction that or any similar measure,
for monopoly lifts its giant hand, and with
bold defiant front says in tones of terrible elo-
quence that no such measure must pass.
Talk about the flag of England! Talk about
the Pacific ocean, that almost infinite expanse
of water. Shall wc not control it? Where
is Japan, where China, where India, where
Africa? Is it not our province to bring all
these under tribute? Shall not our farmers
raise grain, our graziers raise cattle and sheep,
to supply the millions of people of those na-
tions? Indeed, sir, this is our purpose ; this
is our mission. Thus, Mr. Chairman, do we
build up commerce. Thus do we promote the
interests of the American people by selecting
a favorite few and aggrandizing them. When
will this policy stop ? When will corporations
of thiskiud cease their efforts before Congress ?
Not for a long time, I fear; not until after the
soldiers of this country have had their just
dues, after proper donations have been made
in their behalf. Then, and not till then, may
we expect these corporations to cease their
demands upon the people of this country for
subsidies and similar aid.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALMER. I now ask unanimous con-
sent that debate on the pending amendment
be closed,
Mr. COBURN. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment that the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] may renew it.
Mr. COBURN. I renew the amendment.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] have seen fit to argue this
question as if every member who differed with
them was opposed to the protection of the
laborers of this country—opposed to the in-
terests of the farmer, the mechanic, and the
workingman, and every other interest except
that of the carrier upon the ocean, of the navi-
gator. Now, sir, I think it altogether possible
that we can be in favor of a proposition allow-
ing free ships and at the same time favor the
protection of the labor of the country, favor
the interests of commerce, and the general
prosperity of the nation.
What is the turning point of this argument?
It is a question of cheap freights ; it is a ques-
tion whether we can send abroad our products
at a cheap rate, and whether the consumers
of foreign goods in this country shall have
them brought here at as low a price as possible.
On the otherside of the question stand this men
who build ships, or rather those who propose
to build them ; for as yet iron-ship building is
not an established industry. No other men
stand on that side of the question. On the
one side are cheap freights for the people ; on
the other side high prices for ships. This is
the way the parties to this controversy stand.
Now, the policy of this Government from
the beginning has been, as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has said, to allow an
American registry to no vessel built outside
of the country; and because this has been the
policy of the Government from 1790 down, the
argument is that we must continue it; the old
argument that resists all improvement, all ad-
vance. We find now, however, that wooden
ships which were built under that old policy
cannot compete with iron ships. We find
that wc must change our policy because the
nature of our commerce has changed the sub-
ject itself. Commerce has to be carried on
now in iron ocean steamers. The physical
facts in relation to commerce having changed,
we should change our policy in relation to
the registry of vessels. Why hold on to that
which deprives us of every advantage? That
is the true position of the question and the
true philosophy of this matter. If we are
to go on pursuing the same policy which we
have heretofore adopted, the result will be as
it has been since the introduction of iron
ocean steamers, that foreign Governments will
have almost the entire control of the naviga-
tion of the world. Austria buys ships; France
buys ships; Germany buys ships ; all the na-
tions of the world buys ships, except Great
Britain, which can produce them cheaper, and
has them for sale.
The lines of the navigators of these nations
reach round the globe and traverse every sea.
They find markets in every clime, and gather
the products of every people. I see, then,
nothing in the policy we propose that is at war
with the farmer, at war with the mechanic, or at
war with any of those who help to produce the
great surplus which is to give wealth and power
and importance to this country. I see in Japan
and China a vast market opening to our own
grain, our flour, our pork and beef, our hard-
ware, our tools, furniture, and machinery, and
by free ships I would control it. I stand side
by side with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in my regard for
the interests of the laboring men, the produc-
ing men of the country ; and in standing with
them I say the best policy is to furnish gen-
erally cheap freights to our people, to those
who consume foreign goods, and to those
who have this vast surplus for sale. What
does this subsidy mean if it does not mean
that very thing? It means we shall have
an additional carriage on the Pacific ocean.
It means that the commerce brought from
China and Japan to these shores will increase,
and ultimately competition with foreign car-
riers will bring down freights, while it opens
a market for our products and facilitates ex-
changes for theirs. It means nothing but that,
and we must not be accused, because we favor
a measure of that kind, of being opposed to
the great interests of this country. Because
we differ as to the policy, because we differ
.as to the mode, we must not be accused of
opposition to the producing classes of the
nation. I regard it as a proposition in favor
of the interests of the largest class as op-
posed to those of the smallest number. Pro-
tection, aid, help, encouragement for the
many and not for the few; help to the con-
sumer, the producer, the man of agriculture,
the mechanic, the carrier, the sailor, as against
one small class, the ship-builders.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNNBLL. Mr. Chairman, when I
became a member of this House one year ago
I had very distinctly in my mind the impres-
sion that something would be done, and neces-
sarily in this Congress, in the interests of Amer-
ican commerce. I heard from the other side
of the House gentlemen say something must
be done for American commerce. What should
be done I did not know, nor do I now pretend
to say what that should be, but I am convinced
at this hour by the discussion of this question—
although I was uncertain and unsettled when
the discussion commenced—I am now settled
in my conviction, as the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] has said, that this measure will do
something for the revival of American com-
merce. Now, Mr. Chairman, I must thank
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
who, in his efforts in behalf of this measure
here on this floor, has uttered sentiments so
grandly American and so graudly patriotic.
This discussion, I think, has revived somewhat
our Americanism, our love of country, our love
of the old flag; and I am glad of the eloquent
utterances which fell from his lips, but which
sound so sadly in comparison with the words
which have been uttered by other gentlemen,
and which would sound better in a political
canvass than in the discussions of a question
which enters into the very life and prosperity
of the nation.
Men are talking a great deal about monopo-
lies, as though their very existence were to
warp their judgment and change their votes.
Monopolies may exist anywhere and every-
where, and yet I may not have my judgment
warped by them when I come to the discus-
sion of this question. Here is a proposition
to do something for our commerce. It has
been demonstrated that what we have done
has paid well. It has been shown that our
Treasury has been filled up somewhat by what
we have done. More than we have done has
come back into the Treasury, and it has been
well shown that we may do somewhat more
and reap still greater rewards. To-day we are
building the great Northern Pacific railroad,
traversing the North and Northwest. Shall
we deny to that great thoroughfare the com-
merce which ought to come into the harbor
of San Francisco merely under the cry of tax-
ation, and taxation pronounced in such a way
as though the mere fact precluded us from the
right to vote intelligently?
I do not think we should discus3 this as a
party measure, and I thank the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] for taking a higher
stand and discussing it in broad and generous
language, carrying conviction to my mind,
which was unsettled, as I said before, when
this debate began. The farmers of the West
are interested in an increase of the outlets to
their produce. China and Japan are already
asking for our products. Let us hold fast to
this great opening commerce, and if we but
make certain the immense traffic of to-day and
augment it for the future, the markets of nearly
five hundred million people may be open to
the products of every material industry of our
country. With these Pacific railroads which
we shall soon have, is it not wise so to shape
legislation, so to devise and provide that the
riches of the East shall come to us and be
snatched from our great rival on the oceans,
that rival which crushed our then commerce
when we were fighting for national existence 1
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH rose.
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments pending, debate on both of which has
been exhausted.
