T14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 9,
4'2r> Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
appraisement of the so-called " trust lands,"
and sold in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres at not less than its ap-
praised value, after due notice, to the highest
bidder or bidders on sealed bids, including
improvements of every character, and no pref-
erence shall be given to settlers on any part
of said diminished reserve, and the appraised
value of any improvements on any part of
said diminished reserve, made by any mem-
ber of said tribe shall be paid to him or her in
person, and the residue ot the proceeds of said
Bales shall belong to said tribe in common,
fifty per centum of which shall be placed to
their credit on the books of the Treasuiy, and
bear interest at the rate of five per centum per
annum, said interest to be paid to them semi-
annually for the term of twenty years, after
which period the pi incipal shall be paid to the
members of said tribe per capita, and the re-
maining fifty per centum of the proceeds of
sales as aforesaid shall be used in providing
and improving for them new homes iu the
Indian territory, and in subsisting them until
they may become self-sustaining : Provided,
That if any adult member of said tribe to whom
an allotment was assigned under the provision
of articles one and two of said treaty of No-
vember, eighteen hundred and sixty, shall
desire to remain upon the same, such member
of said tribe shall, upon satisfying the Secre-
tary of the Interior that he or she is the per-
son to whom such allotment was originally
assigned, and that he or she has, since the
date of such assignment, continued to occupy
and cultivate the tame, be entitled to demand
and receive for such allotment a patent in fee-
simple; but such land so patented shall be
exempt, from levy, taxation, or sale during the
natural life of such Indian.
Approved, May 8, 1872.
Chap. CXLII.-—An Act to Fund certain
Liabilities of the City of Washington,
existing June first, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and to limit the Debt of and
Taxation in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj' the United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, That the commissioners
of the sinking fund of the District of Colum-
bia, duly appointed under the laws of the said
District, be, and are hereby, authorized to fund
the liabilities of the city ot Washington, con-
sisting of the floating debts and trust funds
found to be due on the first of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, not exceeding one
million one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars, by the auditing commission appointed to
ascertain the amount of said liabilities, and
reported by said commission to the Legis-
lative Assembly under date of November
eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy one,
and January third, eighteen hundred and
seventy two ; and for that, purpose the said
commissioners are hereby directed to issue
registered or coupon bonds of the said Dis-
trict of Columbia, in denominations of fifty
dollars, or any multiple of that sum, not to
exceed the amount of said liabilities, bearing
interest not to exceed six per centum per
annum, payable semi-annua'ly iu gold, and
having a period to run not more than thirty
years nor less than fifteen years ; and the said
commissioners are heieby authorized to nego-
tiate the sale of the said bonds at their discre-
tion, at a rate of discount not to exceed three
per centum upon their par vaine, and with the
proceeds thereof to pay the said liabilities of
the city of Washington ; and the principal and
interest of said honds shall bo made payable
in the city of Masnington, or in the city of
New York: Provided.That such amount of
the said bonds or their proceeds as is neces-
sary shall be applied and strictly held to make
good the trust funds; on which there ia a defi-
ciency of two hundred and eighty-six thousand
three hundred and seventeen dollars and fifty-
eight cents: Provided farther, That the hold-
ers of any ot the said floating debts shall have
the privilege of converting the same, or any
part thereof, at par, for an equal amount of
the bonds proposed to be issued under this
act.
Sec. 2. That the Legislative Assembly of
the District of Columbia is hereby empowered
to cause to be levied upon and collected from
all taxable property of the city of Washington,
within its limits, a tax annually, which shall
be sufficient to pay the interest upon the said
bonds, and to create a sinking fund sufficient
to retire the said bonds at maturity, the said
tax to be collected at the same time and in the
same manner as general annua! taxes are col-
lected in the said District: Provided, That
the aggregate amount of taxes in any oneyear,
excepting such additional assessments as may
be made for improvements specially author-
ized by law, shall not exceed two per centum
on the assessed cash valuation of property in
said city.
Sec. 3. That the collector of the District of
Columbia shall pay over to the said commis-
sioners, upon their requisition being first cer-
tified by the auditor and the comptroller of said
District, as is now provided by the laws of said
District, all the moneys collected by virtue of
this act, with which said moneys the said com-
missioners shall pay or cause to be paid the
coupons or interest on said bonds issued by
them under the provisions of this act; and
the residue, collected as aforesaid as a sinking
fund, the said commissioners shill invest in
the said bonds issued by them, oriu any bonds
of the District of Columbia or of the late cor-
porations of the cities of Washington or George-
town, and shall cause to be placed on record,
in the office of the register of the said Dis-
trict of Columbia, a full and complete report
of all their acts herein on or before the first
day of January of each year, and shall also
make a report of the same to the Legislative
Assembly at the commencement of each reg-
ular session thereof.
Sec. 4. That the said bonds shall be issued
in the name of the District of Columbia, and
shall show that they aie so issued in payment
of the liabilities aforesaid of the city ot Wash-
ington (found to be due at the time and in the
manner provided iu the first section of this
act), and said bonds shall be signed by a ma-
jority of the commissioners aforesaid, and
countersigned by the register and the comp-
troller of the said District; and a proper regis-
try shall be kept in the office of the register
of the said District of the number, denomina-
tion, date of issue, and to whom issued.
Sec. 5. That so much of the act passed
at the late extra session of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia, entitled
"An act providing for the payment of the
debts of the late corporation of Washington,"
approved January nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, levying taxes on real
and personal property in the city of Washing-
ton, to pay the debt and the interest on the
debt of the late corporation of Washington, as
conflicts with the provisions of this act, be,
and the same is hereby, disapproved, cancelled,
and declared void.
Sec. 6. That the act of the Legislative As-
sembly of the District of Columbia, approved
August nineteenth, eighteen hundred ana sev-
enty-one, entitled "An act authorizing the
| District of Columbia to create a debt for spe-
cial improvements and repairs in said District
by the issuing of four millions of bonds and
levying a tax for the payment of the interest
as it shall annually accrue thereon, and sub-
mitting the act with the question of the issuing
of four millions of improvement bonds to a
vote of the people at a general election in said
District;" and also the act of the Legislative
Assembly, approved August nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one, entitled "An
act levjing a tax for the payment of the inter-
est as it shall annually accrue on four million
dollars of bonds authorized to be issued by
the District of Columbia to create a debt for
special improvements and repairs in said Dis-
trict, by the issuing of four millions of bonds
and levying a tax forthe payment of the inter-
est as it shall annually accrue thereon, and
submitting the act, with the question of the
issuing of four millions of improvement bonds,
to a vote of the people at a general election
in the said District," be, and the same are
hereby, disapproved and declared null and
void, and the authorities of the District are
hereby forbidden to issue any portion of the
four millions of bonds named in said acts;
and that the act of the said Legislative Assem-
bly, approved July tenth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, entitled ''An act making
appropriations for improvements and repairs
iu the District of Columbia, and providing for
the payment thereof," be, and the same 13
hereby, approved, ratified, and confirmed.
Sec. 7. That the debt of the District of
Columbia, including the debts of the late cor-
porations, shall at no time exceed the suto of
ten millions of dollars, unless an increase over
the said amount shall have been previously
authorized by act of Congress.
Sec. 8. That all laws and parts of laws
inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, May 8, 1872.
Chip. CXLTII.—An Act to change the Time
for holding the Circuit and District Courts
of the United States for the western district
of Wisconsin, at La Crosse.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time of holding
the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the western district of Wisconsin,
at La Crosse, be on the third Tuesday of Sep-
tember of each year, instead of the first Mon-
day of December, as now provided by law;
and that the December term at La Crosse be,
and the same is hereby, abolished, and that
all recognizances, indictments, writs, process,
and other proceedings, civil and criminal, now
pending in either of said courts, may be en-
tered, heard, and tried at the time herein
fixed for holding said courts: Provided, how-
ever, That a term of said court may be held in
December, eighteen hundred and seventy two,
for the purpose of taking forfeitures of recog-
nizances and disposing of any and all matters
pending in said court, civil or criminal, neces-
sary to be disposed of at said term to prevent
discontinuances or any loss of any rights
that may have accrued to any party or to the
Government of the United States.
Sec 2. This act shall not interfere with the
term of said courts appointed to be holden at
Madison, in said distrct, nor with the power
now possessed by the judges of said courts to
order'special terms oi the same, as now pro-
vided by law.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act to extend the Time
of Payment for their Lauds by persons
holding Pre-emptions on the Public Lands
in the States of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and
Michigan, and Territory of Dakota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and ITovse of Rep
resentotives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, lhat ail ptrsons holding
pre-emptions upon any of the public lands of
the United States within the States of Minne-
sota, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and Territory
