1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2559
true civil service reform should aim at. That
is, to reduce the volume of patronage here in
Washington by distributing it, and to some
extent, perhaps, localizing it elsewhere. No
doubt all the principal officers of Govern-
ment should be appointed by the President,,
with the advice and consent of the Senate;
but the number to which this rule is applied
is already much too large, so large in tact as
to forbid any very careful consideration of the
merits of the appointees. And this evil is
rapidly increasing with the growth of the coun-
try. The day is not far distant when the weight
ot this business will be so great as to render
i's proper performance by the President abso-
lutely out ot the question. Practically, already
a large share of these appointments are made
by tlio heads of Departments, and they will
gradually, if the present system continues, fall
largely into the hands of the subordinates of
the Secretaries, and thus the appointing power
nominally in the President will be distributed
into a large number of irresponsible bauds.
To meet this difficulty various remedies hate
been suggested. Tne duties of many of the
officers are purely local, it is said, and there-
fore they inay veiy properly he elected by the
people of the locali'y. But this involves an
amendment of the Constitution and an entire
revolution 111 our wiioie system of appoint-
ments to office. The Government of the Uni-
ted States does not hold elections, and it has
no machinery for that purpose. The elections
are all held by the States, and the districts and
inspectors and all the laws on the subject are
created by the States.
if a postmaster is to be elected, what shall
constitute the district for the purpose, and who
shall be the electors in it? How shall the
election be held, and who shall appoint the
inspectors? Where shall the returns bo made,
and who shall canvass them ? It will be per-
ceived that great difficulties would be encoun-
tered at the very outset, iu suoh an effort, and
1 am impressed with the belief that they would
be found practically insurmountable.
And after all the whole scheme proceeds
upon a false basis. The postmaster of New
York city is not in any proper sense a local
officer. He does business in that locality,
but it is the business in a large degree of the
whole country, and it would be very near to
an absurdity to set up that office to be fought
for in the corner gioceries of that metropolis.
And what is true of New York is also true of
all the larger otiices in the country.
Still I do not mean to say that in no event
could this measure get my support. Almost
anything is better than the present system,
and the plan of elections by the people has
generally found favor where it has been tried
in this country.
On the whole I judge that -the time has
arrived for an earnest consideration of this
question, but no plan yet suggested seems to
me to meet the emergency. Neither have I
any to propose at present. Some amendment
of the Constitution seems to be necessary to
reach this object in any view, and such an
amendment ought to leave to Congress a
chain of methods at least.
To sum up, then, my propositions for the
practical reform of the civil service, they ai*e
as follows:
First. Careful appointments, with such ex-
aminations as to mental, moral, and physical
qualifications as prudent business men would
make of their employes. They should require
only such learning as is necessary to the skill
ful performance of the duties of the office.
Add to this the six months' trial before actual
appointment.
Second. The reduction of all salaries to a
standard of fair reasonable compensation, upon
the principle of paying for official service just
such prices as are paid for similar services
in private business. This inchides the total
abolition of moieties and perquisites and all
irregular gains.
Third. Fixed terms of official tenure, to be
established by law, and no removals to be
permitted except for good cause, to be proven
before some convenient tribunal upon a fair
investigation. Officers also to be free from
all partisan extortion.
Fourth. Some amendment of the Constitu-
tion which will enable Congress to rc-duce the
volume of patronage here in Washington by
distributing it and to some extent localizing it
elsewhere.
These several propositions have had some
attention in the foregoing remarks. I place my
principal dependence upon the second and
third for the present, and believe them to be
perfectly practicable. They involve no great
or sudden changes, but they would if carried
out, in my judgment, produce an improvement
in the setvice of incalculable advantage to the
country.
I do not mean to antagonize any honest effort
at reform in the civil service, and ain willing
to support with my vote the system inaugu
rated by the President. It does not seem to
me to he at all adequate, but there is no danger
that it will do any harm. Let it have a fair
trial, and let us add to it, some vigorous pro-
visions of law that will help it on. The power
to make the reform is in Congress, and the
duty is upon us also. 1 trust we shall not
neglect it.
The SPEAKER. The hour of four o'clock
and thirty minutes having arrived, the previous
question is now operating upon the bill and
amendments. The first question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
that the bill and pending amendments be
recommitted to the select coinmittec. Before
the question is taken, however, the gentleman,
from Vermont. [Mr. Willaud,] who reported
the bill, is entitled to one hour to close the
debate.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Would it not
be in order, by unanimous consent, to allow
discussion to continue to-morrow for another
hour?
The SPEAKER. It would be, by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DICKEY, t object.
Mr. SPEER, ol Pennsylvania. As usual.
Mr. DICKEY. As usual.
lisa vis of aiss1snck.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for one week on
account of the serious illness of his brother.
• Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, was granted leave of absence
for two days from the 19th instant,.
And then, on motion of Mr. WILLARD,
(at four o'clock and thirty-three minutes p
m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appiopnate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of J. S. Ford,
Robert Gayle, and a number of others, citizens
oY Owen county, Kentucky, praying that the
tax on smoking tobacco may not bo increased.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: Petitions for the re-
lief of Artemas Peagler, James Sheffield, John
L. Hays, S. W. Cockrell, J. C. Matthews,
Hayward Martin, and John N. Franklin, citi-
zens of the State of Alabama, from political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of Abby N.
Gladding, Ann F. Pratt, and others, of New-
port, Rhode Island, widows of soldieis and 'i
sailors of the war of 1812, for an amendment
of the pension law of February 14, 1871.
By Mr. FARNSWORCH: The memorial
of Keaton & Wilson, S. W. Wheelock, and
others, citizens and manufacturers of Moline,
lloek Island county, Illinois, upon the subject
of the Union Pacific railroad bridge between
Council Bluffs and Omaha.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of citizens of Grand Rapids, asking the
passage of House bill No. 1788, for doubling
the pensions to all who have lost limbs or
eyes.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of citi-
zens of Dp liuyter, New York, in favor of a
tariff for the protection of home industry.
By Mr. MOREY: The petition of Lewis
Zme, of Franklin parish. Louisiana, praying
relief from the political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Thomas
McBride, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for
payment for barge Henry Bartley, lost in ihe
United States service.
Also, the petition of Samuel M. Thatcher,
company I, seventy-first regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of
Cailos \V. Gloon, of Danbury, Connecticut,
for an extension of patent.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of num-
erous citizens, of Washington county, Ohio,
praying a mail route from Whipple on the
Marietta and Pittsburg railroad, in Washing-
ton county, Ohio, to Masterton, in Monroe
county, Ohio.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York : The
petitions of N. S. Wood and 45 others, J. H.
Goldsmith and 57 others, and J. W. Hunt and
110 others, for a survey of the bar at Horton's
Point, Long Island sound, New York.
By Mr. WlllTTHORNE: The petition of
John K. Smith, lor compensation for property
used and destroyed by the United States "forces.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 19, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesteiday's proceedings was
read and appioved.
deficiency apphopiuation bill.
Mr. COLE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the deficiency appro-
priation bill, for the purpose of finishing it thia
morning, subsequent to the morning business.
The VfCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
lrom California asks that the deficiency appro-
priation bill be taken up subject to the morn-
ing business, so that if possible it may be con-
cluded, with the exception of the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevex-
sok,'J who is still absent. If there is no objec-
tion that order will be made, and the morning
business will now commence. There appears
to be no objection, and petitions are now in
order.
petitions amd memorials.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers, pray-
ing for the-equalization of bounties and to be
allowed to enter public lands unconditionally ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking Congress to provide ways
and means for the relief of the sufferers in
Persia: which was refened to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of one
hundred and sixty-seven citizens of Ports-
mont h, New Hampshire, asking for the passage
of the bill (H. R. No. 1738) in relation to
pensions to totaily and partially disabled sol-
diers; which was referred to the Coinmittec
on Pensions.
IJe also presented a memorial of certain
midshipmen of the United States Navy, jnay-
ing that promotions of the midshipmen of the
graduating class of 1870, as they shall from
time to time he reached, be dated back to date
coincident with the promotions of Clayton S.
Rich man and Theodoric Porter; which was
referred to the Commitiee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
