1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
tee now rise, in order to obtain an order from
the House to close debate on the pending
amendment.
Mr. PALMER. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the commit-
tee-now rise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Hoase will ad-
journ if the committee rises now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us take a
vote on the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Sargent, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to the
order of the House, had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being the bill (H. 11. No. 1070)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. PALMER. I now move that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order; and pending
that motion, I move that all debate upon the
amendment pending to the Post Office appro-
priation bill be terminated in a half hour after
the consideration of the same shall have been
resumed in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. Pending that motion, I
move that the House now adjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn ; and upon a division, there were—ayes
ninety-five, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at four-o'clock and twenty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
I'BTITIOXS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under therule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of R. F.
Willard, asking to have his political disabili-
ties removed.
_ By Mr. BROOKS, of New York: The peti-
tion of the Hazard Powder Company, of New
York "city, and 44 others, in New York, Bos-
ton, Philadelphia, Chicago, Milwaukee, and
Kansas City, engaged in the importation, con-
sumption, and manufacture of saltpeter, or
nitrate of potash, praying that it be added to
the free list.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Charles
W. Woodward, Henry C. Reals, Elijah Alger,
and 47 others, citizens of Onondaga county,
New York, protesting, as dairymen and con-
sumers, against any reduction of the duties
upon foreign gait; that the domestic pro-
ducers of salt had been able to furnish a bet-
ter article, and at more reasonable rates, than
would have ruled had we been dependent upon
foreign nations.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of George J.
Langworthy, praying pay as second lieutenant
of the second North Carolina infantry, United
States volunteers.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Frank
Gregory, editor of The Recorder, Indiana,
and Charles Beaty and R. D. Hall; of Rising
Sun, Indiana, in favor of placing type on the
free list.
Also, the petition of W. H. Taylor, John
M. Palmer, Noah Fox, M. Burris, and 130
other U nion soldiers of the late war, of Aurora,
Indiana, for bounty lands for Union soldiers
of the late war.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of merchants, shipmasters, and under-
writers of Boston, Massachusetts, for a light-
house to be erected on the southeasterly point
of Block Island, near the entrance of Long
Island sound.
By Mr. MERRTAM: The petition of Alex-
ander Campbell and others, citizens of Jeffer-
son county, New York, asking that such dis-
criminating duties be levied on all imported
manufactures as will render substantial pro-
tection to American labor.
By Mr. PENDLETON; The memorial of 32
members of the General Assembly of the State
of Rhode Island, praying that a light-house
may be established on the southeasterly part
of Block Island, in said State of Rhode Island.
By Mr. PERRY, of Ohio: The petition of
J. F. Nellis and others, bee-keepers, protest-
ing against an extension of Langstroth'spatent.
Also, the petition of Charles Peterson and
1,000 others, praying the passage of the civil
rights bill.
Also, the petition of John F. McKeen and
many others, citizens of New Jersey, against
the extension of Langstroth's patentfor abee-
hive.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Hull,
praying a pension.
By Sir. PLATT: The petition of Sir Lan-
celot Komer and Josiah Millard for compen-
sation for Josses sustained during the late war.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of D. P.
Blackstone, W. B. Arnold, Griff. J. Thomas,
and D. R. Williams, editors and proprietors
of the Berlin Courant, and Starks & Hoit,
editors and proprietors of the Berlin Journal,
published at Berlin, Wisconsin, asking the
removal of the tariff on type, and also that the
same be placed on the free list.
By Mr. SESSIONS: The petition of 177
disabled soldiers, asking an increase of pension
for those who are totally disabled.
By Mr. SHELDON : The petition of S. U.
Kennedy and 334 others, bankers and mer-
chants of New Orleans, praying an amend-
ment to the national banking law.
By Mr, SWANN: The petition of Frank
Wallins, claimant against the Venezuelan Gov-
ernment, praying for relief.
Also, a memorial of manufacturers of
paints and colors in the United States, pro-
testing against the proposed alteration in tho
present tariff whereby paints and colors are to
be pnt on the free list-
By Mr. TOWN8END, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of John Grilfen, Charles R. Scull,
John R. Dobson, William \V. Weitneight, J.
G. Neiler, and 281 others, iron-workers and
laborers of the Phoenix iron-works, of Chester
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating " against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country," and
praying "the repeal of all duties upon tea,
coffee, and such other articles of necessity or
comfort as cannot be produced in the United
States."
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 14, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 838) to provide that
minors shall not be enlisted in the military
service of the United States without the con-
sent of parents or guardians was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1072) granting to the
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
the right of way was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of representatives of religious and other
organizations who have charge of Indians, in
favor of a law authorizing the extension of
civil government over all Indians who will
enforce the same within their respective reser-
vations ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens
of Helena, Arkansas, -praying aid to establish
an iron-ship and boat building yard in the
Mississippi valley; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of E. B. and
U. B. Morse, of Washington county, Arkansas,
praying an amendment to section one hundred
and sixty-two of the postal laws; which was
referred to tho Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Mar-
tha G. Vaughn and Louisa Jackman, praying
to be allowed compensation for services ren-
dered during the war of the rebellion ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
the heirs of George Cameron, praying indem-
nity for spoliations committed by the French
prior to 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of James H.
Hummell and William A.' Bryan, publishers
of Our Home Journal,of New Orleans, Louis-
iana, in favor of the bill before Congress
for placing type on the free list; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
a memorial of citizens of Maryland, remon-
strating against the extension of the Lang-
stroth patent for bee-hives; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Mrs.
Martha Barker, of Marion county, Florida,
praying compensation for damages done by
the Seminole Indians in 1849 to her property ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
workers in the works of the Phoenix Iron Com-
pany, citizens of Piosnixville, Chester county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
change in the existing tariff on articles suc-
cessfully produced in this country, and praying
that the duty on tea and coffee may be re-
pealed; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of George
S. Rathburn, of Lexington, Missouri, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
James Clark, praying the repayment of bounty
which he alleges he lost by the loss of a draft;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Absa-
lom Reed, of Winston county, Alabama, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
a very large number of excellent citizens of
New Bedford, Massachusetts, in which they ask
for the action of Congress for the protection of
the walrus in the arctic seas. I believe a bill
has been reported on that subject. I ask the
Chair if there is snch a bill on the Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
reported.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that this
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MARGARETTA BECKER.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Margaretta Becker praying for
a pension, to report a bill for her relief. I
have been accustomed to ask in these little
pension cases, which will occupy less time in
passing them when they are reported than on
any other day, to put them on their passage at
once, but if any gentleman thinks that is taking
an unfair advantage I do not wish to insist
