768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, thatwhen the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move an executive
86SSilO<tl
Mr.' THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourri.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn takes precedence.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to give way for a moment till I ask the
Senate to fix next Tuesday after the morning
hour forthepurposeof considering the French
spoliation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I would give way for
anything else but that.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope the Senator from
Ohio .will allow as to have an executive ses-
sion.
Mr. THURMAN. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and twelve minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 1, 1872.
The Housemet at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was road and
approved.
NEGOTIATION OF LOAN.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, recommending the adoption of the
following resolution:
Jietolvtd, That in tho opinion of this House the
Secretary of tho Troasury, in negotiating tho loan
authorized bythu not of July It, 1H70, had noitlwr
ineruuod tho bonded debt nor incurred an expend-
iture contrary to law.
The pending question was on tho motion of
Mr. Dawks, to recommit the resolution to the
committee.
The 8PEA KKR. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. MAYNAliD]<has the floor.
Mr. MAYNAR1). Mr. Speaker, there have
been some things brought into this discussion,
which may or may not be valuable, but which,
it seems to inc, are not germane to the ques-
tion which is immediately before ua.
Tho honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Buookk,] my associate on the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, dwelt with a good
deal of force, and certainly a good deal of
plausibility, upon the inexpediency of refund-
ing the debt at this time; his argument being
that as the national credit gradually appre-
ciates we shall be able to do it on better terms
at a future time than now. The gentleman is
aware, for he was with me on the same com-
mittee in the last Congress, that 1 always
myself entertained d-oubts whether we Were
not premature in our attempt to refund the debt
by placing a new loan upon the market at a
lower rate of interest, and whether it would not
be better to wait until our credit had become
more thoroughly established. 1 yielded, how-
ever, to the judgment of gentlemen who cer-
tainly had a better opportunity to be informed
than l had, and sustained- the measure em-
bodied ia the act of July U, 1870. It hap-
pened, however, that the act was passed at a
very inauspicious time—almost on the very
day when the emperor of the French set out
on his famous German campaign, from which,
I believe, he has never returned. Of course
the •■financial affairs 6f Europe were thrown
into convulsion, affecting the finances of the
wholeworld, and it was certainly an unfavor-
able time to attempt to place a lUw loan as
large as that provided for in the act of 1870.
if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] will bring in a bill to repeal the act
of 1870, and postpone the further attempt to
refund the public debt, I would certainly give
it a serious consideration, even jf it did not
command my vote. But that is not the ques-
tion before the House at this time. Congress
thought proper to pass the act of July 14,
1870, ana to inaugurate a system of refunding
the debt. They provided for the issuance of
$1,500,000,000 of new bonds, bearing interest
severally at five per cent., four and a half per
cent., and four per cent. They left the law,
which is brief in its terms, and in many of its
provisions indefinite,'very largely to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury to
execute. And the question now before 'us
arises upon the resolution offered by another
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,} on the
first day of the session, and submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The report of the Committee of Ways and
Means upon the resolution will be sustained
or not, as the House may decide whether the
Secretary has or has not kept himself within
the law in the effort be has made, and the
success he has attained in attempting to exe-
cute it. Among the provisions of the law was
one that the bonded debt should not be in-
creased. Another one was the appropriation
of a sum equal to one half of one per cent, on
the entire loan to cover the expenses of nego-
tiating it. Besides, there was no provision
for allowing any agents abroad, other than the
agents already recognized by the law. It is
alleged here in debate that in these three
particulars the Secretary has transcended his
authority. And that ia the question we have
to consider and dccide, whether he has or has
not done so. Has he increased the bonded
debt ? Has he incurred any expense beyond
that appropriation? And bas he appointed
agents abroad not authorized by law?
A'S to increasing the amount of the bonded
debt., it is substantially admitted that this has
not beon done in any such sense as to expose
the Secretary of the Treasury to the charge of
having violated the law. lie went into the
market and sold one bond, keeping the pro-
ceeds to buy another. This mode would nat-
urally and necessarily occur to every one con-
cerned in the execution of the law; indeed,
the only one, unless it was merely an exchange
of one bond for another. It is proper to re-
mark that when the committee had this reso-
lution under consideration, the Secretary came
before the committee, along with the mover
of the resolution. He made such statements
ashe saw proper to make, and then he answered
fully and frankly, transparently, and without
reserve, every question that was put to him by
any member ot the committee; every ques-
tion—and there were many—that was pro-
pounded by the mover of the resolution. And
when this gentleman comes in here, as he did
yesterday, and in his speech tells us there are
various other things that he would like to
know, various other points on which lie seeks
to be informed, I reply, '• Why did you not
propound those questions to the Secretary
when he was with you, and you had the oppor-
tunity to do so ? If you Wanted the Treasurer
to give information, or the Assistant Secre-
tary, why did you not so inform the commit-
tee, and they would have arranged to invite
them to a conference for such statements as
you might desire to bring out ? "  
It is too late for the gentleman after he has
obtained such information as he desired, and
has let the committee make its report on that
information, to tell us that there are some other
things- that he does not know and that he
would like to be informed about them, be-
cause, perchance, if he had that information,
he might find matter on which to predicate a
plausible charge against the Secretary. This
is a practical admission that upon the inform-
ation now-obtained he has nothing. I trust
the gentlemen of the House, I trust the peo-
ple of the country will examine, and examine
with care, the statement made before the com-
mittee by the Secretary of the Treasury—a
statement frank, candid, open, and sincere as
the day itself, and which leaves nothing for
surmise, nothing for innuendo, nothing for dark
suggestions.
Statedin plain and intelligible language, what
has the Secretary done? By negotiation under
this law he has provided that on $200,000,000
of bonds we are paying five cent, interest, in-
stead of six per cent, -interest, on the same
amount of bonds as we were previously doing ;
thus saving to the Treasury annually $2,000,-
000, or $20,000,000 for the ten years that the
first issue of bonds have to run. That fact
stands out beyond dispute or gainsaying. But
it is said that he has increased the bonded
debt; he has issued $200,000,000 of bonds,
and he has taken up of an equal number as
many as have been offered for redemption. Of
oourse their return cannot be compelled. The
law contemplated no such thing. The law
provided that after the lapse of three months,
upon notice being given, interest shall cease;
and that is all that either he or Congress or
any other power, except the holders of the
bonds, could do. If they choose to return
their bonds and get the money, well; and if
they choose to keep them until doomsday,
they can do so. But the fact remains that the
Government is prepared and has been pre-
pared to redeem them whenever the holders
see proper to present them. They can receive
the amount with the interest accrued up to the
time the interest -was stopped. Such bonds
pass from the regular bonded debt into the
portion of t.he public debt upon which interest
has Ceased to accrue.
The main point of objection, however, is
that in this negotiation the Secretary has in-
curred a'greater expense, a larger otitlay than
he was authorized to do by law. The lan-
guage of the law, and that is all that is said
upon the subject, is that "a sum not exceeding
one half of one per cent, of the bonds herein
authorized is hereby appropriated to pa^ the
expenses of preparing, issuing, advertising,
and disposing ot the same." That is oneway
of stating what might as well have been stated
in another way, " that there is hereby appro-
priated $7,500,000 to meet the expenses of
the loan." The Secretary of the Treasury
has determined, however, that that was an
indication by Congress that a greater expense
than the half of one per cent, should not be
incurred^ for the purpose of negotiating the
loan. -Now, what does the Secretary say upon
that subject ? After some replies to questions
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mi*. Beck]
and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
the chairman of the committee asked this
question: ' •
"So that the entire cost of the $200,000,000'loan
will be exactly one half of one per cent.? ,
' Mr. Boctwell. Just one half of one percent."
That is the statement of the Secretary of the
Treasury, au4he cannot afford, even if he were
disposed, to palter with words in a double
sense; he could not afford, his position would
not allow him, to make a statement of that
character, " and in reply to that categorical
question,' unless the statement were in fact
true.
At this point, however, let me briefly refer
to what has been said with respect to the em-
ployment of improper and unauthorized agents
by the Secretary of the Treasury Tlie debates
upon the passage of the act of 1870 have been
referred to, showingthat wedeelined to authoi-
lze him to appoint any agent to negotiate the loan
excepting such as he was then authorized by law
to appoint. Now, has he done so? - I deny it;
I deny that he has employed any agents, either
for pay or without pay, excepting those that
previously existing laws authorized him to
employ. In addition to his subordinates,
strieUy-so called—the officers of the Treasury,
the colieetors, the assessors, and other ofti-
oials—another-class of subordinates is provided
by the forty-fifth section of the national bank-
