THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
provision of the, act of. 1870. That certainly
is the existing law. It is not to carry out that,
for that "act of 1870 itself provides a larger
appropriation than is asked for in this bill,
but it is coupled with a proviso. I do not see,
therefore) how, if the thirtieth rule amounts to
anything at all, unless you are going to open
the whole door and say that where you ap-
propriated a thousand millions to the Army
or five hundred millions to the Navy, every-
thing bought for the War Department or the
Navy Department is to be considered a private
claim that can be fastened on an appropriation
bill—unless you are going to say that, and
make the thirtieth rule good for nothing at
all, I do not see how you can get rid of the
conclusion that this law of 1870 is the existing
Jaw, ou this subject.
Mr. CRAGlN. I am inclined to think that
tlxis amendment is not in order; but at the
same time! wish to say that I believe this claim
to be entirely, just., The truth is that early in
the war or some time during the war the Navy
Departmentcontracted with the Corliss Steam-
Engiae Company to build two engines, one one
hundred inch and the other sixty inch. At
the close of the war these contracts were not
completed, the engines were not finished, and
the Government thought ,it_ would be economy
to stop the work, as they,did on several other
contracts, and see how they could settle with
the contractors without paying them the full
contract priee; and the Department appointed
tv board of engineers to examine not only this
case, but any other cases, and see what it would
cost to complete the work, and to deduct from
the qontract price what it would cost the con-
tractors to complete tho work, and pay them,
and thus save money to the Government. That
is tbiM case of Corliss. The board reported
arid tl>e Secretary afterward settled with Mr.
Corliss, gave him what was called a certificate
of indebtedness, not having money to pay the
amount I atn, aware it was claimed the Sec-
retary, allowed him a greater sum than this
board reported it would cost him to complete
the work; and on that question, which arose
here on the extension of a patent and. so .on,
the payment of,this claim has, been delayed.
I am iipt quite sure but that thisis'a little larger
amount than th« bQaird reported; but that it is
a just .clftiin thcro can be no possible doubt.
These parties have been kept out of their
money for years and years, liut, as I said in
the outset, I believe the amendment is out of
order under the thirtieth rule.
Mr. 'J'RUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I do not propose to discuss the merits on
this question 
Mr. OHAGIN. Qtjier Senators have done it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire to ask the
Senator from New Hampshire a question in
regard to this claim, about which 1 have no
information. Since it has been up I have
received a telegram from a gentleman in
Providence,' who is represented to me to bo
a ge^tjeip^n of high character and integrity,
Mid he saySj "" There have been two boards
on this claim, and the* amount reported hy
the boards was $147,000." Now, this bill
propose^ to give $250,000. Then he adds,
" The fact is the company have already been
largely .overpaid." 1 know nothing about the
claim; bat' it is clearly out of order. If this
is not a private' claim, yon cannot make
one". '
Mr, CRAGlN. There is no doubt, of its
being a private claim.
Mr. SAVVYER. Inasmuch as the Senator
from Illinois has seen fit to introduce a remark
of that kind, I think it not quite fair to allow
it to go without a single remark in reply. I
can demonstrate from the books of the Navy
Department, without going into the question
of the report of these officers at all, but tak-
ing the data which existed prior to the coming
into power of this Administration, before the
present Secretary of the Navy assumed that
position, that the sum provided in this bill is
less than the books of the Government show
Mr. Corliss was entitled to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
South Carolina answer me one question? Is
it true that two boards have sat upon this
claim and only reported, either of them,
$147,000?
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir. I know that one
of the boards reported for $260,000.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I rise to
a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
one question of order now pending, but the
Senator can state his question.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. My ques-
tion of order is, whether it is in order to dis-
cuss the merits of the proposition on the point
of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
remarked when this debate commenced that
debate would be in order only on the question
of order.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I would ask the Senators
who are opposing this measure to listen to a
statement made by the .Secretary of the Navy
when he estimated for the payment of this
claim. I have here a paper headed :
"Statement to accompany letter from the Secretary
of the Navy, dated the 20th of March, 1870.
"Due in the department of steam engineering
on contracts inado previous to March 4,1869."
And among these estimates are the following:
"Corliss Steam-Engine Company, for one pair sixty-
inch onginea for United States steamer Illinois now
on tho atooks at Portsmouth navy-yard, and'ono pair
ono-hundred-inch engines for' the United States
steamer Potnpanoo«uo now on the stocks at Phila-
delphia navy-yard, $257,038."
This is a case in which constituents of mine
are involved. I have no option as to the proper
course for me to pursue. Having ascertained
which party is ia the right, I cannot oppose
the party having a just and honest transaction
with the Government to further the personal
interests of the party embarrassing the action
of the Government.
This transaction grew out of the operations
of the war. The present Administration, find-
ing work going qn for which the Government
had no use, the Navy Department immedi-
ately joined in negotiating a close of. the
transaction and of the work. An agreement
was entered into, the party doingthe worksur-
rendering all the material and the contracts,
and takiug in lieu thereof this evidence of
settlement. The Department have estimated
therefor. The Senate placed the sum on the
appropriation bill of 1870. Certainly if it
was in order then, if it was proper then under
the rule, that rule has not been altered, and it
is proper now. The House inserted an amend-
ment on that item of appropriation. They
made no exception to any other in the
accouut, and there were a dozen of them, but
on this one item to which I refer, growing out of
the antagonism of private parties, they placed
an amendment, thereby confusing theaccount,
endeavoring to affect the integrity of the Navy
Department. There was ample opportunity
for them in the recent investigation in that
House, had they chosen to appear, to show
that the Navy Department, or the officers of
that Department, were in any way culpable in
this transaction, or that it was in any way
dishonest.
This amendment to an appropriation bill
placed on by the House was made subsequent
to tho contract that had been entered into
with Mr. Corliss, which he had agreed to, and
it required his agreement before they could
enter into it,, before .they could appoint this
board, and this amendment requiring a reex-
amination, and for the Secretary to pay upon
that leexamination required as well the as-
sent of Mr. Corliss as the action of the Depart-
ment. Certainly the Department could not
of its own option change a contractor any of
its features without the asseut of the other
party, and yet that clause was intended to I
affect the contract, a contract that had been I
fairly and honorably entered into by both par-
ties at the time.
These parties represent large industrial in-
terests, and the action of the Government has
had a terrible effect upon their progress and
prosperity. Although they have been able to
overcome the difficulties incident to the with-
drawal of such a large amount of money from
their operations aud have maintained them-
selves, they have maintained themselves en-
tirely owing to the integrity of character
always exhibited by Mr. Corliss at home, and
he has been supported in whatever of credit
it was necessary for him to have growing out
of the loss of his just dues from the Govern-
ment. He has been able to maintain himself
but only by an immense effort. Had he not
been among a generous community, who sus-
tained him and had the power to do it, he
would have shared the fortune of many others
whom the action of this Government in the
refusal of the payment of just claims has ren-
dered miserable and has ruined.
The point made by the Senator from Ver-
mont as to the law of 1870, requiring a reex-
amination, cannot be maintained in reference
to this contract, because it is necessary that
there should be the assent of both parties to
it. As to the merits of the case, here is a
business involving $1,200,000, and four or five
per cent, or ten per cent, is all that would be
required to make up the difference which it is
contended by outside parties—not by the Navy
Department, but by outside parties—he will
have beep paid more than was his just due. I
trust the Senate upon no technicality will for
any further length of time prevent these per-
sons from receiving their just dues. If under
the thirtieth rule it w^s proper to go on the
appropriation bill in 1870, it certainly is proper
now, and I trust the Seuate will allow the
amendment to be placed upon the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has occupied the time allotted to him.
The question is, can this amendment be re-
ceived under the rules of ihe Senate ?
The question being put, the amendment was
not received.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer an amendmeut.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire whether the Committee on Appro-
priations are now through with their amend-
ments?
Mr. COLE. I believe we are through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am di-
rected,by the Committee on Public Buildings
and. Grounds to move to amend the bill on
p?,ge 52, after line twelve hundred and, sixty-
seven, by inserting " for repairs to the City
Hall, $2,500." I will state that the city author-
ities have abandoned that building, find our
courts only pre occupying it, and the roof is
leaking aud the inside is all out of repair.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in on page 40,
after line nine hundred and sixty-five:
For additional annual pay to William B.Webster,
assistant engineer of the Oapitot, in charge of the
electric lighting apparatus of the Senate, $300, to
take effect from and after January 1,1'872.
I will state in explanation of this amend-
ment that this is about the only additional ex-
pense we have for lighting the Chamber. Mr.
Webster is a_ young man who has taken that
duty upon himself, and he has performed it
with great faithfulness and with the expendi-
ture of a vefy considerable amount of time
and labor, while the House is at a very large
expense for taking care of their similar appa-
ratus.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the Committee on Public Budd-
ings and Grounds to offer the following amend-
ment, t,o come in after line nine hundred and
sixty-five, ou page 40:
For constructing under-ground air-shaft for inlet
