716
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 10,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
whether located by one or more persons, may
equal, but shall not exceed, one thousand five
hundred feet in length along the vein or lode;
but no location of a mining claim shall be
made until the discovery of the vein or lode
within the limits of the claim located. No
claim shall extend mere than three hundred
feet on each side of the middle of the vein at
the surface, nor shall any claim be limited by
any mining regulation to less than twenty-five
feet on each side of the middle of the vein at
the surface, except where adverse rights exist-
ing at the passage of this act shall render such
limitation necessary. The end lines of each
claim shall be parallel to each other.
Sec. 3. That the locators of all mining loca-
tions heretofore made, or which shall here-
after be made, on any mineral vein, lode, or
ledge, situated on the public domain, their
heirs andassigns,where no adverse claim'exists
at the passage of this act, so long as they
comply with the laws of the United States,
and with State, territorial, and local regula-
tions not in conflict with said laws of the
United States governing their possessory title,
shall have the exclusive right of possession and
enjoyment of all the surface included within
the lines of their locations, and of all veins,
lodes, and ledges throughout their entire depth,
the top or apex of which lies inside of such
surface lines extended downward vertically,
although such veins, lodes, or ledges may so
far depart from a perpendicular in their course
downward as to extend outside the vertical
side lines of said surface location : Provided,
That their right of possession to such outside
parts of said veins or ledges shall be confined
to such portions thereof as lie between vertical
planes drawn downward as aforesaid, through
the end lines of their locations, so continued
in their own direction that such planes will
intersect such exterior parts of said veins or
ledges: And provided further, That nothing
in this section shall authorize the locator or
possessor of a vein or lode which extends
in itsdownward course beyond the vertical lines
of his claifti to enter upon the surface of a
claim owned or possessed by another.
Sue. 4. That where a tunnel is run for the
development of a vein or lode, or for the dis-
covery of mines, the owners of such tunnel
shall have the right of possession of all veins
or lodes within three thousand feet from the
face of such tunnel on the line thereof, not
previously known to exist, discovered in such
tunnel, to the same extent as if discovered
from the surface; and locations on the line of
such tunnel of veins or lodes not appearing on
the surface, made by other parties after the
commencement of the tunnel, and while the
same is being prosecuted with reasonable dili-
gence, shall be invalid; but failure to prose-
cute the work on the tunnel for six months
shall be considered as an abandonment of the
right to all undiscovered veins on the line of
said tunnel.
Sue. 5. That the miners of each mining dis-
trict may make rules and regulations not ill
conflict with the laws of the United States, or
vvnh the laws of the State or Territory in
which the district is situated, governing the
location, maunei of recording, amount of work
necessary to hold possession of a mining claim,
subject to the following requirements: the
location must be dist'netly marked on the
ground so that its boundaries can be readily
traced. All records of mining claims here-
after made shall contain the name or names
of the locators, the date of the location, and
sucli a description of the claim or claims
located by reference to some natural object
or permanent monument as will identify tne
claim. On each claim located after the pas-
sage of this act, and until a patent shall have
been issued therefor, not less than one hun-
dred dollars' worth of labor shall be performed
or improvements made during each year. On
all claims located prior to the passage of this
act, ten dollars' worth of labor shall be per-
formed or improvements made each year for
each one hundred feet in length along the
vein until a patent shall have been issued
therefor; but where such claims are held in
common such expenditure may be made upon
any one claim ; and upon a failure to comply
with these conditions, the claim or mine upon
which such failure occurred shall be open to
relocation in the same manner as if no loca-
tion of the same had ever been made: Pro-
vided, That the original locators, their heirs,
assigns, or legal representatives, have not
resumed worl^upon the claim after such fail-
ure and before such location. Upon the fail-
ure of any one of several co-owners to con-
tribute his proportion of the expenditures
required by this act, the co-owners who have
performed the labor or made the improvements
may, at the expiration of the year, give such
delinquent co-owner personal notice in writing
or notice by publication in the newspaper pub-
lished nearest the claim, for at least once a
week for ninety days, and if at the expiration
of ninety days after such notice in writing or
by publication such delinquent shuuld fail or
refuse to contribute his proportion to comply
with this act, his inteiest in the claim shall
become the property of his co-owners who have
made the required expenditures.
si3c. 6. That a patent for any land claimed
and located for valuable deposits may be ob-
tained in the following manner: any per-
son, association, or corporation authorized to
locate a claim under this act, having claimed
and located a piece of land for such purposes,
who has, or have, complied with the terms of
this act, may file in the proper land office an
application for a patent, under oath, showing
snch compliance, together with a plat and
field-notes of the claim or claims in common,
made by or under the direction of the United
States surveyor general, showing accurately
the boundaries of the claim or claims, which
shall be distinctly marked by monuments on
the ground, and shall post a copy of such plat,
together with a notice of such application for
a patent, in a conspicuous place on the land
embraced in such plat previous to the filing of
the application for a patent, and shall file an
affidavit of at least two persons that such
notice has been duly posted as aforesaid, and
shall -file a copy of said notice in such land
office, and shall thereupon be entitled to a
patent forsaid land, in the manner following :
the register of the land office, upon the filing of
such application, plat, field-notes, notices, and
affidavits, shall publish a notice that such appli-
cation has been made, for the period of sixty
days, in a newspaper to be by him designated
as published nearest to said claim; and he
shall also post such notice in his office for the
same period. The claimant at the time of
filing this application, or at any time there-
after, within the sixty daysot'publication, shall
file with the register a certificate of the Uni-
ted States surveyor general that five hundred
dollars' worth of labor has been expended or
improvements made upon the claim by himself
or grantors; that the plat is correct, with such
further description by such reference to natu-
ral objects or permanent monuments as shall
identify the claim, and furnish an accurate de-
scription, to be incorporated in the patent. At
the expiration of the sixty days of publication
the claimant shall file his affidavit, showing
that the plat and notice have been posted in a
conspicuous place on the claim during said
period of publication. If no adverse claim
shall have been filed with the register and the
receiver of the proper land oflice at the expi-
ration of the sixty days of publication, it shall
be assumed that the applicant is entitled to a
patent, upon the payment to the proper officer
of five dollars per acre, and that no adverse
claim exists ; and thereafter no objection from
third parties to the issuance of a patent shall
be heard, except it be shown that the applicant
has failed to comply with this act.
Sec. 7. That where an adverse claim shall
be filed during the period of publication, it
shall be upon oath of the person or persons
making the same, and shall show the nature,
boundaries, and extent of such adverse claim,
and all proceedings, except the publication of
notice and making and filing of the affidavit;
thereof, shall be stayed until the controversy
shall have been settled or decided by a court
of competent jurisdiction, or the adverse claim
waived. It shall be the duty of the adverse
claimant, within thirty days after filing his
claim, to commence proceedings in a court of
competent jurisdiction, to determine the ques-
tion of the right of possession, and prosecute
the same with reasonable diligence to final
judgment; and a failure so to do shall be a
waiver of hia adverse claim. After such judg-
ment shall have been rendered, the party enti-
tled to the possession of the claim, or any
portion thereof, may, without giving further
notice, file a certified copy of the judgment roll
with the register of the land office, together
with the certificate of the surveyor general
that the requisite amount of labor has been
expended, or improvements made thereon, and
the description required in other cases, and
shall pay to the receiver five dollars per acre
for his claim, together with the proper fees,
whereupon the whole proceedings and the
judgment roll shall be certified by the register
to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and a patent shall issue thereon for the
claim, or such portion thereof as the applicant
shall appear, from the decision of the court,
to rightly possess. If it shall appear from the
decision of the court that several parties are
entitled to separate and different portions of
the claim, each party may pay for his portion
of the claim, with the proper fees, and file the
certificate and description by the surveyor
general, whereupon the register shall certify
the proceedings and judgment roll to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, as in
the preceding case, and patents shall issue to
the several parties according to their respect-
ive rights. Proof of citizenship under this
act, or the acts of July twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and July ninth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, in the case of an
individual, may consist of his own affidavit
. thereof, and in case of an association of per-
sons unincorporated, of the affidavit of their
authorized agent, made on his own knowledge
or upon information and belief, and in case of
a corporation organized under the laws of the
United States, or of any State or Territory of
the United Slates, by the filing of a certified
copy of their charter or certificate of incor-
poration ; and nothing herein contained shall
be construed to prevent the alienation of the
title conveyed by a patent for a mining claim
to any person whatever.
Sec. 8. That the description of vein or lode
claims, upon surveyed lands, shall designate
the location of the claim with reference to the
lines of the public suivoj's, but need not con-
form therewith ; but where a patent shall be
issued as aforesaid for claims upon unsur-
veyed lands, the surveyor general, in extend-
ing the surveys, shall adjust the same to the
boundaries of such patented claim, according
to the plat or description thereof, but so as in
no case to interfere with or change the loca-
tion of any such patented claim.
Sec. 9. That sections one, two, three, four,
and six of an act entitled " An act granting
the right of way to ditch and canal owners
over the public lands, and for other purposes,"
approved July twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred
and sixty six, are hereby repealed, but such
