1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4353
of fresh air to Senate Chamber; for plastering on
iron laths under roof of Senate Chamber; addi-
tiofial fire-proof felting for steam-pipes; and for
constructing ventilatiDg-flues for corridors, $12,000.
And so much of the sum appropriated in the defi-
ciency act, approved May 18,1872, for the boiler and
water-tank and steam-pump in the south wing of
the Capitol as may not be expended previous to
June 30,18*2, may be expended during the fiscal
year ending June 30,1873,
I will explain this amendment. Senators
will remember ,-that only a 'few weeks ago,
when a south wind occurred, the smoke from
the center building struck down into the area
here, and came into the Chamber so as to be
very disagreeable indeed, filling the room with
gas and with sulphurous smoke. In order to
avoid that it is proposed to have a duct go out
on the lower space in front of the building, so
as to get pure air.
In addition to that, it Ivill have been noticed
by some Senators that the House have already
got their roof lined with iron laths and plaster,
which is regarded as a very great improvement.
In addition, it is thought necessary that this
corridor on the north side of the Chamber
should be ventilated, and it is necessary to
have apertures made in order to carry off the
foul air that gathers here in the winter season
as well as in the summer season.
Then there wa§ an appropriation made for a
deficiency in the bill passed May 18, 1872, for
a boiler and water-tank, but it is manifestly
impossibly for that work to be done until after
the adjournment of Congress, and then under
our laws the appropriation will have been
covered into the Treasury. That was not the
intention, and this amendment merely rectifies
that.
Mr. LOGAN. What is the amount of
expenditure for that duct?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the
whole, for procuring fresh air and iron laths
and steam-pipes and ventilation, the appro-
priation is $12,000. It was by mistake
printed $72,000. We only asked for $12,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will add
to that a. provision for pure air by carrying
this Chamber to the exterior of the building,
I am prepared to vote for it and have been for
the last ten years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
is a subject big enough for the new Reform
party. , [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think some reform
party or somebody else ought to take hold of
this Hall and extend it to the exterior of the
building. The idea that for all time to come
Senators are to be excluded from the air and
light of heaven is a little too much. I have
always thought it was a great mistake from
the first session we spent in this Chamber. I
believe it will come to that at some time, and
I think steps ought to be taken to commence
the work. I understand the House of Repre-
sentatives are moving in that direction now,
to extend their Chamber to the exterior walls
These grounds are to be improyed ; we are to
have a beautiful prospect, with trees and flow-
ers surrounding us ; and yet we are to be shut
up here in the center of a building like a dun-
geon, and breathe the air that is pumped into
us ; and now $12,000 is to be appropriated to
pump it from another direction. It is said
that the wind flies down from the top of the
building, and smoke gets mixed up with the
kind of air that is brought in here, and now
you want to make a duct to extend out of the
building where you can get another quality
of air.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The whole of
this appropriation is not for that. It includes
various other things.
Air. LOGAN. 1 should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont if this appropriation is to
be expended under the direction of the
Speaker ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course it is
to be expended under the architect of the Cap-
itol extension.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to state that
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 273.
the gentleman who made the suggestion or
'recommendation for this work thought it could
be done for less money than that; and I know
he thinks so yet; and I do not know why the
architect should recommend the appropriation
of more money than the gentleman who made
the suggestion of the plan thinks is necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say in
reply to the Senator, that I am sure no more
money will be expended by the architect of the
Capitol extension than is absolutely necessary,
for if there is an officer of the Government
who deserves to be complimented for his econ
omy, I am sure the architect of the Capitol is
that man.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say one word
about this subject. I do not want to interfere
with any other Senator.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 hope I shall be allowed
to offer an amendment from the committee at
this point, as I wish to leave the Chamber for
a short time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Febry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Does the Senator
from Vermont yield for that purpose?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let this
amendment be passed over informally for the
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment will be passed over informally,
and the Chair will receive the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
by inserting on page 52, after line twelve
hundred and sixty-seven, the following:
To pay five laborers in the old part of the Capitol
and five watchmen in reservation No. 2 twenty per
cent, on their pay for the years ending June 30,1869,
and June 30,1870, as authorized by the eighteenth
section of the act of July 28,1866, $2,880, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
I ask for the reading of the letter accom-
panying it. ["No!" "No!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. CONKLING. If the success of this
$12,000 amendment has anything to do with
the question suggested by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] I wish to join him
now in entering my protest against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has not
I can assure the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not so sure of that,
and I want to say a word about it. If Jefferson
Davis had never engaged in rebellion against
his country, I think he would be sufficiently
guilty for being responsible, as I understand
he is, for cooping up the Senate in this iron
box covered with glass. As has been said,
who ever heard of putting men or animals in
a box inside of a building, shut out on every
hand from the outer air, then going to work
by artificial means and contrivances to pump
up and blow up atmosphere so that they shall
not be like a rat in an exhausted receiver,
dying from the want of anything to breathe?
Mr. CORBETT. I would like to state to
the Senator that we know of one case, and
that is the Tombs in New York, where the
same Drovision is made. [Laughter.]
Mr.' CONKLING. No, Mr. President, I
think my friend will look in vain even in the
Tombs for a parallel to that unless he refers
to that Tombs on which was founded the
remark "Hark, from the Tombs a mournful
sound." [Laughter.]
I was going to say this: man is a creature
of imagination. We find in life and we find
by looking at the books that you can kill a
man with no more deadly weapon than imag-
ination. It is one of the most effective ways
of producing death, and I believe that the
members of this Senate are dying, not merely
from want of fresh air, not merely from the
fact which your hygrometer before it was
thrown down and broken would teach you,
that in place of there being in a cubic foot of
air as many grains of moisture as there should
be, there had been sometimes not half as
many—I believe we are dying not only'from
that, but becaijse.we arj shut out from those
aliments which imagination, if not our cor-
poreal economy, renders necessary for the
preservation of human life. You may pump
into this iron box air which as analyzed or
tested by the little instrument that used to
stand here behind us is, if you please, in
temperature.that of summer, in quality that of
the outer atmosphere, but if you will never
let him who breathes it see earth or sky, trees
or grass, anything which reminds him of
nature, you are starving him for the want of
that upon which complete existence depends.
I am not going into any philosophy about
this. It is not a matter of fancy; it is a mat-
ter of fact. There is no man who sits here
whose health is not being impaired by the sit-
uation of things, by the way in which he is
compelled to live; and it is monstrous after
the experience we have had, to go on contem-
plating the idea thatforall time men'are to lan-
guish-here with a feeling about theirheadsas if
a tight band wasdrawn around them—and I
think every Senator will know the feeling Ko
which I refer—coming here in the morning with
a feeling tolerably fresh, and after sitting here
an hour languished and wearied with a sense (if
exhaustion and a sense of congestion about
the head which every Senator has noticed—I
say it is monstrous to contemplate the idea that
this is to go on when we have only to take out
that partition and yonder partition, and move
this Chamber out to the corner where, like all
other civilized people, we can have permission
to breathe the air that God made, in place of
breathing the air pumped up through these
apertures, which have been used in the two
Houses by a great many gentlemen for years
under the apprehension that they were spit-
toons. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this is a pro-
lific subject. It has been discussed in this
body before frequently and very fully, and I
now ask the Senator from Vermont to with-
draw the amendment,, for I am sure that Sen-
ator must be conscious of the value of time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ithinkthefe
is no'disposition to discuss the merits'of this
amendment. There is no objection to it, as I
understand. Has anybody any objection to
it?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, I have this objec-
tion to it: if this is to go on and perpetuate
the business of trying experiments to see
whether by another duct, or another flue, or
another contrivance we cannot get some more
air in here, or add to the moisture or improve
it in some way, then I should be glad to have
this thing continue until by its own corruptions
it cures itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from New York must be quite conscious of
the fact that with only one day intervening
between this and the hour of adjourning it is
impossible to consider the subject that he pro-
poses.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment which I offer relates to four or five dif-
ferent subjects, and this is a minor one. If any
Senator objects to this experiment, be it so ;
but whether the building be extended or not
extended, this would be necessary and proper.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw all opposi-
tion to it. The Senator from Vermout under-
stands it much better than I do, and I do not
feel at liberty to interpose.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to thank the
Senator from New York for the remarks he
has made in reference to this Chamber. There
is no use of appropriating money for a venti-
lation which is destructive to the health and
energy of the members; and it is passing
strange to me that Senators will sit s«, eight,
and ten hours breathing diseased air, coming
