1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2561
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust there will be 110
objection.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to introduce a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr.- KELLOGG. T do not wish to object,
however.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If Senators claim
the floor for morning business, that is in the
Dature of an objection.
Mr. BLAIR. I have a resolution which 1
wish to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. After the morning business
is through, I shall ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to give wa.y long
enough to allow me to call up this bill and
have it disposed of.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1003) to confirm certain entries of lands
therein named; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMBROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1004) to prohibit certain persons from
entering public lands; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consenl obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1005) authorizing the President of the
United States to reestablish the Greensburg
land district, in the State of Louisiana; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1006) for the relief of Andrew W.
Johnson ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to state that I intro-
duce this bill by request. It must not be under-
stood that by introducing it I favor the bill, or
any others of the same character. I move its
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FKNTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1007) for the relief of the heirs of
Jethro Wood, the inventor of the modern
plow; which was read twice by us title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
mississippi river.
Mr. BLAIR submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ilecolved, That the Secretary of War be. and is
hereby requested to communicate to the benate tor
its information the report of the board of engineers
oil the present condition of the Mississippi river
between St. Louis and Alton.
national currency act.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Mexolved, That the Committee on Finance be, and
hereby are, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of amending section twenty-nine of an act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof, so as to read as tol-
And be it further enacted, That the total liabilities
to any association, or of any person, or of any com-
pany, corporation, or firm for money borrowed, in-
cluding in the liabilities of a company or firm the
liabilities of the several members thereof, shall at
no time exceed one tenth part of the amount ot the
capital stock of such association actually paid in and
surplus profits : Provided, That the discount oi bona
fide bills of exchange drawn against actually exist-
ing values and the discount of commercial or busi-
ness paper actually owned by the person or persons,
corporation, or firm negotiating the same, shall not
bo considered as money borrowed.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further Senate resolutions, the deficiency
appropriation bill is now before the Senate.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 161.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Senator from
California to give way now to enable me to
call up House bill No. 85-5, granting a pension
to John S. Corlett.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will defer
that until to-morrow. I want to get through
with this deficiency bill. It cannot be con-
sidered a moment too early. There is very
great necessity for action upon it at once. I
wish the Senator would consent to postpone
his bill without putting me to the necessity of
objecting.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very well aware of
the Senator's anxiety to dispose of that bill;
but here is a little pension bill for a poor man
in my State, and the Senator insists on push-
ing that aside for his bill. I am very anxious
to accommodate the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, but I trust he will
allow me to have this matter taken up.
Mr. COLE. The Senator puts me in a very
awkward position, because 1 objected to the
Senator from West "Virginia just in front of me
considering a hill this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill is before the Senate. It can be laid on
the table, or the Senator from Iowa can give
notice that at one o'clock he will renew his
request.
Mr. COLE. We shall probablyget through
with this bill before the expiration of the
morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
California will allow the Senator from Iowa
to take up the bill to which he refers, ft will
not take more than five minutes. It ought to
be considered for this reason : it involves the
auestion as to whether the pension laws are to
be extended to a new class of persons. The
committee reported against the bill, as they
have against a great many other precisely sim-
ilar cases ; hut my friend from Iowa wishes to
try the question. If the Senate think that per-
sons in this class ought to be provided for,
the committee ought to know it, so that they
may be able to bring in a general bill on the
subject.
Mr. POMEHOY. That will have to be
debated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. That question will have to be
debated to an indefinite length. Of course I
appreciate the appeal made by my colleague
on the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection at the present time to grant-
ing unanimous consent.
Mr. WRIGHT. I dislike very much to do
so, but I shall have to move to lay the defi-
ciency bill on the table in order to take up
the bill to which I refer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill being before the Senate by unanimous
consent, the morning business having been
concluded, the Senator from Iowa moves that
it be laid on the table for the purpose of taking
up an adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions on a pension bill.
. Mr. WRIGHT. I will move to take up the
deficiency bill again as soon as we get through
with this bill.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes seven,
noes not counted.
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust the chairman of the
Committee oil Appropriations will allow me
to give notice that at one o'clock I shall again
ask that this bill be taken up, and I trust he
will have no objection to it then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock
there will be an antagonism between two
orders which the Chair will then state. After
that, the Senator from Iowa gives notice of
his desire to call up this pension bill.
amendment to appropriation bill
Mr. WEST presented an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (II. R. No.
1070) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department lor the year
ending June 30, 1873 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILk.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1654) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 00, 1872, and for former years,
and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson,] now
absent from sickness.
Mr. COLE. I ask that that be passd over
for the present on account of the sickness of
the Senator from Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. It will be passed
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Secretary
will be careful and not allow it to go into the
bill, for it, is a very important amendment.
Mr. SUMNER.' What is the stage of the
bill now ?
Mr. COLE. I hope it is nearly through.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it out of committee?
Mr. COLE. It is in committee yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer. The bill is still in Committee of the
Whole. On a previous day the amendments
of the Committee on Appropriations were dis-
posed of and the Senate were engaged in con-
sidering amendments offered by individual
members.
Mr. COLE. By direction of the Committee
on Appropriations I move further to amend
the bill by inserting after line two hundred and
eighty-two, on page 12, the following:
To supply furniture for the new custom-house at
Machias, Maine, ^3,776.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. From the Committee on Appro-
priations. after line two hundred and eighty-
nine, on page 13, I move to insm:
For rearranging the heating apparatus of tile
Treasury building, according to plans to be approved
by the Sccietary of the Treasury, §19,840.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to have it stated
about that, although I do not, object to it at
all, and 1 wish the chairman had stated it, that
this is not a deficiency, and therefore it, must
not be taken as swelling the deficiencies of
appropriations. It is to provide for moving
the furnaces from the place where they now
endanger t,he vaults in which seeui-ities are
kept, to another place, and which ought to be
entered upon immediately. I merely make
that explanation that it need not be thought to
be a deficiency, as it is not.
Mr. COLE. I will merely add that I have
a communication here from the Department,
and they are quite anxious that the work
should proceed as soon as possible.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have one other amendment
from the committee. It, is to insert after line
two hundred and seventy-seven, on page 12 :
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
construction of tbeassay office at Boise City, Idaho,
$2,092 05.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say that, as one
member of the committee, I disagree to that
amendment. I do not wish to take up any
time about it.
Mr. COLE. I have nothing to say oil the
subject.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SA WYER. 1 gave notice of an amend-
ment, which I send to the Chair. it is to
insert, after line seven hundred and seventy-
eight, on tlip thirty-second page, the following :
To enable the Secretary of the Tieasuiy to pay
the judgment entered by the circuit court of the
United States, m the district ot South Carolina,in
the ease of Alexander McLeod T. (J Callieot,
late supervising special agent of the Treasury
Departmental South Carolina, the sum of SL.OOO,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated.
