1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3457
paragraph by striking out the words " or other
materials, except glass," so as to trake the
seciion read, "on insulators made of earth-
enware, for use exclusively in telegraphy,
twenty-five per cent,, ad valorem." I make
that motion because it was brought to the at-
tention of the Committee of Ways and Means
that a new insulator made of earthenware had
been nvented, which is not pianufactured in
this country, on which a duty is laid ; but th^
clause, "or other materials, except glass." is
inexplicable. We do not know what it -will
admit; we do not know what they may be
made of; we do not know but wliat there may
be some new forms of insulators. Therefore,
as no gentleman on this floor knows what the
words mean, I move to strike them out.
Mr. DAWES. I want to reach the same
end as the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kei.ley.] if I remember aright, the difficulty
in fixing the rate of duty upon this particular
insulator is because we could not tell exactly
what it is made of. It is made partly of earth-
enware, and partly of something else.
Mr. ICELLEY. The earthenware one is
clear enough; but the other, we do not know
what it is.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest the substi-
tution of this phraseology: " made in whole or
in part of earthenware." I dislike to put any
knowledge 1 have upon this subject against
that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] hut 1 certainly understood that the
difficulty about this particular case was that
this insulator was made of a compound partly
of eartliPiiwarp.
Mr. KELLEY. The insulator brought to
the committee-room was an insulator of earth-
enware, and I think that ought to be admitted
under this duty. But to put in the words
''made of earthenware or other materials" is
to open a door for the admission of what no
gentleman on this floor can foretell.
Mr. DAWES. I do not opposa the amend-
ment, but I do not think it covers the case.
Mr. KELLEY. I think it, does cover the
case; I mean it to do so.
Mr. STEVENSON. What would be the
rate of duty without this paragraph?
Mr. KELLEY. I think it would be some-
thing like double the rate proposed here, it
is a reduction of the duty to admit of an
improved insulator ; and that I approve of.
It affects no American industry; but I do not
want to open a door by which anything, I do
not know what, may be imported at twent.y-
five per cent, ad valorem.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Kelley; and upou
a division there were—ayes 70, noes 51.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STORM called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered ; there being twenty-
one in the affirmative; not one fifth of a
quorum.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to further ar end
the paragraph so that it will read, " on insu-
lators made of earthenware and other mate-
rials, for use exclusively in telegraphy, twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem." 1 desire to say
that 1 had hoped the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes] would
stand bv his own bill.
Mr. DAWES. I never was in such a fix.
like ihe gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] that I thought I could not improve
upon myself. 1 am striving to get this bill in
such a shape as to carry out exactly what the
committee meant.
Mr. BROOKS. I never supposed the gen-
tleman would get into such a fix that he would
have to unfix himself on every item of the bill
which he reported.
Mr. DAWES. I never get into such a self-
satisfied condition that I thought I could not
improve upon myself. I will say that we had
before us tbe president of the Western Union
Telegraph Company.
4.9n f!ni\ra Srrs.—No. 217.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not spoken on my
amendment yet; but I will take the floor after
the gentleman is through.
Mr. DAWES. No ; make vour speech now
in support of your amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I did hope that in the
matter of intelligence, in the circulation of
knowledge, m electricity, in lightning there
would not be this effort to tax for some un-
known purpose whatever instruments may be
used for the diffusion of useful knowledge.
This bill provides in this clause for a duty upon
insulators used '• exclusively in telegraphy."
and for no other purpose. Suppose some
insulator or othershould be invented not made
of earthenware ; why should it not be ad-
mitted at twenty-five per cent, ad valorem, if
used exclusively for telegraphy? Is not that
rate high enough ? Is not that a sufficient
tax upon the diffusion of knowledge by tele-
graphy ?
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Ways and
Means had beforo them the president of the
Western Union Telegraph Company, who ex-
hibited a particular kind of insulator which he
said the company was desirous of trying as an
experiment. The Department could not tell
exactly what rate of duty it should bear under
the existing law, but had decided upon a rate
which would render it impossible for the com-
pany to import enough for an experiment. The
company, therefore, asked through its presi-
dent that the duty might be fixed at twenty-
five per cent.; and we all agreed to have it so.
But I do not know exactly what the insulator
is made of. It is my impression that it is made
of a mixture of various materials, wherein con-
sists its peculiar character. But my experi-
ence in the committee-room has taught, me—
it has not had that effect upon my associate,
[Mr. Bkooks]—that there are a good many
people among importers who have a way of
getting round the phraseology of our laws;
and 1 have become a little suspicious of them.
The effect I know has not been the same on
my colleague on the committee; but such is
the case with me. I cannot help it; it is my
nature, I suppose. This is the reason why I
acquiesced in the greater experience of my
other colleague upon the committee, [Mr.
Kelley.] I hope 1 did not commit, an un-
pardonable offense in the eyes of my friend
from New York. I want to reach the same
thing he does. I want to carry out the wish
of the president of the Western Union Tele-
graph Company.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Brooks, it was not agreed to; there
being—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. E. IT. ROBERTS. I move to amend
by striking out in line forty-six the words
"made of earthenware." The reason why
this paragraph was put, into the bill was that
it was stated an invention had been made
abroad of insulators that resembled earthen-
ware. Insulators of that class have not been
used in this country by reason of the high cost,
which is increased by the high duty. The
telegraph company will probably try the
experiment of using these insulators, if the
duty be put down ; but the company cannot
say that the insulator is made of earthenware.
They do not know of what, it is made. If they
knew how it is made they could make it in
this country. It is a foreign invention. The
phraseology reported in the bill was designed
to cover this particular case. If the insulator
made abroad shall be found upon experiment
to be successful, it will at once be made in
this country. The effect of this rate of duty
is simply to introduce a new article.
Now, the phrase "or other materials"
might in some cases lead to fraud,^ as my
good friend from Pennsylvania [Mr._ Kelley]
suggests. But these articles, it imported,
must be for use exclusively in telegraphing; :
and how can there be any special opportunity
for fraud? If we are not, willing to give facii- '
ities for experimenting with new articles, how
are we ever to advance? I would prefer tho
form of phraseology as agreed to, I believe
unanimously, by the committee. But since
the amendment, of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has been adopted the same result
will be reached if the phraseology be mDdified
in accordance with my amendment, so as to
provide for "insulators for use exclusively iu
telegraphing."
Mr. KELLEY. I agree with the gentleman
whoso amendment wo are considering, and
with his colleague, [.Mr. Brooks,] in a desire
to do all I can to promote cheap telegraphing.
At the same time 1 think the language of a
tariff law ought to be precise. I heard tho
statement of uvy friend the president of the
Western Union Company, and a more intelli-
gent gentleman I do not know. Ho held be-
fore us an earthenware insulator which he told
us had come into use in England, which was
less liable to the effects of frost than glass, and
which, owing to the slight development, of the
pottery trade in this country, was not, produced
here, nor likely to be produced. The article
was a cheap, coarse article, and I agreed wiilx
the other members of the committee iliat, the
duty should be fixed at the low rate of twentv-
five per cent. It is not to be tested in tlili
country, for we were assured that it bad boea
brought into general use in England.
Now, sir, what I object to is that in doing a
right and proper thing like this, you may insert
in your bill phraseology which may be taken
advantage of. The good Book tells us, at least
if we accept Eeclesiasticus as part of it, " Tlio
merchant shall not keep himself from doing
wrong, and the huckster shall not, be free from
sin;" and we have learned from tbe testimony
taken before the Committee of Ways and
Means that there are many tricks known to
the trade which we consider lmrdly reputable
here. When we had the same duty on lead
we have now statuary was free, and whole
cargoes of leuden Franklins and leaden Wash-
ingtons came in, and they were claimed to
come iu as statuary, although thrown into
boxes in such a manner that their noses !o"k«d
like juvenile base-ball players flattened down
on their faces. Home wanted an ear, ami some
had the oars pressed out into all sorts of
shapes. The claim was made that they came
in free because they were statuary, and not
lead. Here it is provided that it may be of
this article or other material. What other
material? What is to prevent, them from using
any other kind of material which may be now
subject to duty?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Does my friend
fiom Pennsylvania know what, material entered
into the insulator exhibited before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
Mr. KELLEY. It, was said to me that it
was common earthenware. If it be tiue, as
stated then, cryolite enters into it.; fot the
china made of cryolite' is advertised as hot-
pressed stoneware.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Common earthenware pays
but, little duty. It, is only twenty-live per ecnt.
The committee divided ; and there wore—
ayes 57, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOAR demanded tellers.
The CHAIRMAN, if there he no objec-
tion the amendment will be considered as
adopted.
Mr. DICICEY. There wa,s no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware of
that fact.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I insist on tejlers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kei.ley and
Mr. E. H. Roberts were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 41.
So the amendment of Mr. K. H. Kobubts
was agreed to.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I move to insert
