1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1665
upon it. I submit, as they are so small, and as
it takes less time to consider them when
reported, it would be better to put them on
their passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 804)
granting a pension to Margaretta Becker was
read twice, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the limitations and provisions of the pension
laws, the name of Mrs. Margaretta Becker,
widow of Leopold Becker, late captain com-
pany D, twenty-fourth regiment Illinois in-
fantry, and to pay her a pension at the rate
of twenty dollars a month, to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to tlie Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, andpassed.
l)K. JOHJJ F. 1IANKS.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. The Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1550)' for the relief of the
estate of Dr. John P. Hanks, have directed
me to report it back without amendment, with
a recommendation that the bill pass. The
facts are briefly these: Dr. Hanks had in the
Bank of Louisiana $1,729, which was covered
into the Treasury by the orderof General Banks
and properly accounted for. I ask the imme-
diate consideration of the bill. It has passed
the House, and is unanimously reported by the
Committee on Claims.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to James M. Hanks, administrator
of the estate of Dr. John P. Hanks, the sum
of $1,729, being so much money belonging
to Dr. John P. Hanks, and which was, in
the month of August, 1863, on deposit in the
Louisiana State Bank, of .New Orleans, Louis-
iana, and received from the bank by Colonel
S. B. Holabird, by order of Major General
Banks, Colonel Holabird then being chief
quartermaster, and afterward covered into
the Treasury of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REPORT OX 1513IIGRATION.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for
printing th8 report on immigration, have in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to recommend its' passage; and I
ask its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows :
Eesoleed, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate twenty-five hundred copies of the report on
immigration by the Bureau of Statistics.
.TOSEPH BRYAM.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 623) granting a pension to Joseph Bry-
ant, have^irectedme to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I
ask that it be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Joseph Bry-
ant, late a private in company E, fifty-fourth
Pennsylvania volunteers, and to pay him a
pension from and after the passage of the
act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ABIGAIL RYAN.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Abigail
Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan, praying for
a pension, have directed me to report a bill
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 105.
for her relief; and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 805)
granting a pension to Abigail Ryan, widow of
Thomas A. Ryan, was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan,
and to pay her a pension from the passage of
this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARGARET COGGINS.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1058) granting a pension to
Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip Coggins,
have directed me to report it back with an
amendment; and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Mrs. Margaret Coggins,
widow of Philip Coggins, private of company
A, eleventh regiment of Massachusetts volun-
teers, and pay her a pension during her widow-
hood, at the rate of eight dollars per month.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out in lines
eight, nine, and ten the words "and pay
her a pension from the date of thepassage of
this act, and during her widowhood, at the rate
of eight dollars per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS Off COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Lueyna Hathaway, praying for arrears of
pension, submitted an adverse report thereon.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referrsd the petition of Eleanor C. Ram-
sey, praying for arrears of pension, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Bridget Trainor,
praying for arrears of pension, submitted an
adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William J. Wright,
praying for arrears of pension, submitted an
adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Susan Patton, the
widow of a soldier of the war of 1812, who was
married after the termination of the war, pray-
ing for a pension, submitted an adverse report
thereon for the reason that the petitioner does
not fall within the spirit of the statute.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ann Moxley, the
widow of a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for a pension, submitted an adverse report
thereon, on the ground that her husband did
not serve the length of time the law required
but falls within a general class which the law
has excluded.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John H. Felber.
who was a mail-carrier in Nebraska, employed
in the civil service, and got frozen in driving
the mail, asking for a pension, reported ad-
versely thereon, it not falling within the class
of cases where the law allows pensions.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1835) for the
relief of Levi Bisseli, and aiso the petition ol :
Levi Bisseli, have instructed me to report ad-
versely upon both, with a request that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
erationofthe petition, and that the bill be indef-
initely postponed. The petition is in the nature
of an appeal from the decision of the Commis-
sioner of Patents upon an application for an
extension. The committee think it contrary to
public policy to entertain petitions which are
in the nature of an appeal from the decisions
of that officer, and in this particular ease they
think the decision of the .officer was right. I
therefore move that the bill be indefinitely
postponed, and that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
indefinitely postponed, if there is no dissent.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 604) to allow the Lake Ontario Shore
Railroad Company to lay their track upon the
pier at Oswego, New York, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of John A. Thompson, submitted
a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 806)
for the relief of John A. Thompson.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of citizens of Indiana praying a special act of
Congress granting a pension to Richard M.
Backer, reported it adversely.
Mr. BOKEMAN, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 617) approving the act passed by the
Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory
authorizing the people to vote aid to railroads,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, from the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
901) for the relief of Charles P. S. Wardwell,
reported it without amendment, and moved
the printing of the report submitted by the
House committee ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am also
instructed by the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1336) for
the relief of William E. Ward, to report it
adversely upon the principle stated by the
chairman of the committee a few moments
since, that it is in the nature of an appeal
from the Commissioner of Patents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 645, to confirm the title to certain lands
on the Port Kearney military reservation in
Fremont county, Iowa, which was taken up the
day before yesterday and reached its third
reading and went over under a single objec-
tion. It was reported from the Committee
on Public Lands at the last Congress and at
this. It is a bill to which there can be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and the bill is before the Senate. The Senator
now yields for morning business, the Chair
understands.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee ou Mil-
itary Affairs, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 807) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay certain certificates issued for
fortification purposes in Lawrence, Kansas.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom were referred' the
papers in relation to the application of Ste-
