4354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
here fresh at the beginning of the session, and
leaving impaired in health, and intellectually,
and in almost every other way. I think it is
time we should put our faces against any
appropriation in the mode prescribed by the
Senator from Vermont.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
instructed by the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Groutidsto offer the following amend-
!ment on page 15, after line three hundred and
fifty-seven to insert:
• For the east wing of the State, War, and Navy
Departments, $500,000: Provided, That all appro-
, priations for public buildings under the Treasury
Departmont shall lioroaftor bo available immedi-
ately upon the approval of the acts containingsueh
appropriations, and shall continue available until
expended, or until the objeots for \yiiich the respect-
ive appropriations are made shall be accomplished.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that at five
o'clock the Senate take a recess until half past
.seven o'clock.
■, The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I inquire whether
it is in order to suspend the rule by which
amendments for the payment of private par-
ties are excluded? I make the inquiry for the
purpose of acting upon the amendment, which
proposes to pay the Corliss Stoam-Engine
Company.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order without a day's notice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have one
more amendment, to come in on page 17,after
line four hundred and five:
That section six of the not approved July 12,1870,
entitled "An act making: appropriations for tlio
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of tho
Government fur tho year ending tho 30th of Juno,
1871," is hereby so modified that any speoific appro-
priations that have bcou unade or aliall be made for
public buildings, under a law limiting: the cost of
such buildings, may be applied not only during tho
year for which the appropriation was made, but
also during the your following, and the balance tbeu
unexpended shall be earned to the surplus fund.
I desire to make an explanation.
Mr  TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order. This is general legislation.
Mr. MORIULL, of Vermont. I move this
as a substitute for the proviso on page 15, line
three hundred and f'orly-nme; and now I de-
sire to make this statement: that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has sent us a communi-
cation which I ask tho Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read aa follows:
tkkasury dkpautmknt,
■Wasuinuton, 1). C., June 5.1872.
Sin: I am informod that it has boon decided by
tho Sonato to strike all provisions for tho roappro-
priation of balancoa of appropriations for public
buildings from tho bill ponding bolero tho Senate
known as the "sundry civil bill."
Should tho Senate finally conclude to do this, I
must ask you to recommend an appropriation in
the said bill of the amounts included in the accom-
panying sclicdulo, being the estimated balances of
certain building appropriations which will remain
on the 30th instant, and without tho uso ot which
these works will bo to that oxtont retarded.
Very respoctfullv,
SEOKGK S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. C. Co i.e. Ohftinaan Committee on Awiropriations,
United State* Semite.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
there are appropriations unexpended at Asto-
ria, Oregon, $20,000; Baltimore, Maryland,
$26,000; Boston, $601,000; Charleston, $7,000;
Columbia, South Carolina, $28,000 ; Chicago,
$88,000; Dalles City, SO,000; Detroit, Michi-
gan, $20,000 ; Knoxville,T enuessee, $50,000;
Machias, Maine, $3,500; Nashville, Tennes-
see, $0-1,000; New York city, $784,000 ; New-
port, Rhode Islaud,$8,000; Omaha, $85,000;
Portland, Maine, $6,000; Portland, Oregon,
$98,000; Philadelphia, $2,500; San Francisco,
$50,000; and St. Paul, Minnesota, $15,000,
all of which will have to be reappropriated
unless this provision passes. I do not think
it is necessary to make any further explana-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois raises a point of order that"
this amendment is independent legislation.
Inasmuch as the matter is of general interest
covering so many sections of the country, the
Chair will submit the question to the Senate
whether the amendment shall be received.
The question being put, the Senate received
the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret not to see the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] and
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in
tijeir 86flits
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment was written by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like, then, to
hear an explanation from him. We have
struggled in this body five years, ever since
the war, to ascertain the amount of money
that was'appropriated by Congress for partic-
ular purposes, and to know where the money
was. I have no sort of objection to appro-
priating the money which the Senator from
Vermont says is necessary to go on with these
works; but if we intrench upon the law by
which we have required the unexpended appro-
priations to bo covered into the Treasury at
the end of the year we shall never know what
amount of money is at the disposal of the
Departments. It is much better to have the
money accounted for to the Treasury at the
end of the year and reappropriated than it is
to make an appropriation and let it run over
to be used afterward we know not how. The
Senator from California remembers how it
was in the War Department and in the Navy
Department. There were hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars appropriated for expenditures
in the War Department when the war closed,
and that was treated as an appropriation that
the War Department might use for years.
And now the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont—and 1 am very glad to see his col-
league now hero—is to repeal this law to the
extent of allowing appropriations for public
buildings to go over without reappropriating
them. I think it a great deal better to be
subjecting ourselves and that the Departments
should be subjected to the inconvenience of
reappropriating money. There is no objec-
tion to that; but we do not want the law
repealed.
Mr. COLE. The difficulty is that Congress
has not been furnished with the information
touching the condition of tho public build-
ings, or 1 might more properly perhaps say
the appropriations which have been made for
the construction of these buildings. We have
not had that information. We have prepared
a bill which is 'now on the Calendar, and I
think will pass—it certainly ought to—requir-
ing the Departments to furnish us with specific
information touching these matters as well as
all others ; and when we are furnished with
such information we shall have the data before
us upon which to make a reappropriation.
But, as I said, the misfortune with us now at
this time is that we have not had that inform-
ation until yesterday, and then it came in the
letter read by my friend from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Then why not reap-
propriate the money and not repeal the law ?
If we once repeal the law we shall never get
it reenacted again.
Mr. COLE. I see that it will probably re-
sult in great embarrassment this year and
probably also great damage to the public, so
far as these worksare concerned, if this money
lapses in three weeks from this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont'. I merely
wish to say, in reply to the Senator from Illi-
nois, that the appropriations in relation to pub-
lic buildings do stand on a very different foot-
ing from all other appropriations where the
sum is specifically limited, and where, let you
appropriate whatever sum you may, no more
than the amout limited will be expended. In
these twenty different places all over the coun-
try it will be seen that a very large amount of
money stands precisely in this Condition, equal
to $2 500,000; and to go through and make a
separate bill for these or a separate appropria-
tion in this bill, involves a very considerable
amount of labor. The proposition introduced
by me does not repeal this general law, but
only repeals it so far as it is applicable to these
appropriations that are limited by the acts
authorizing the buildings.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question'. Am I right in supposingthat
his amendment is no appropriation of money?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. None at all.
Mr. CONKLING. No addition to any
appropriation, but simply a recognition of
appropriations already for these buildings?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is all
there is to it.
Mr. SAWYER. I recognize the abuse of
the old system of appropriations to which
allusion has been made by the Senator from
Illinois just as fully as he does. The System
was one of almost unbounded abuse; and yet
the abuse of the system as applied to public
buildings did not exist. It w&s" in reference
to the transfer of one appropriation to an-
other, and the appropriations of one year con-
tinued along, and all unexpended" balances
still kept the appropriation alive, although,
perhaps, not one fifth part may have been used
in any one year. There were appropriations in
the Navy and War Departments three years
ago, some of which had been made five or six
years before. Rut it is not so with appropria-
tions for public buildings where we limit the
sum. We know exactly what sum is appro-
priated for public buildings, and we have esti-
mates laid before us to show this year exactly
what was appropriated' last year- for any par-
ticular building. The effect of making a
reappropriation, as the Senator from Illinois
suggests, of the sums which are included in the
scnedule that has been read by the Senator
from Vermont would be simply to raise the
question as to the propriety of appropriating
two or three millions more than we spent in
fact. Last year there was' a certain sum
appropriated for these buildings. There re-
mains unexpended at the end of this year
between two and three million dollars. If we
go and make a new appropriation it is footed
against us as an appropriation made this year,
when in fact such is not thecase. Wedonotby
this provision appropriate one dollar. We do
not lose the run of any appropriation we have
made. We* know just as specifically how much
is devoled to each particular building as we
shall if we do it in the manner suggested by
the Senator from Illinois.
When you get into a miscellaneous account
embracing a great variety of objects that are
diversified, and let them run through a series
of years, you lose sight of them ; but if you
appropriate $5,000,000 for a specific object,
and at the end of the year during which that
is appropriated there is $1,000,000 of it left
unexpended and you reappropriate it, you do
not lose sight of it at all. It does not swell
tbe account, but it appears to swell the ac-
count if you appropriate that million over
again. If your statutes show $5,000,000
appropriated in 1871, and $1,000,000 in 1872,
when in fact there has been only $5,000,000
appropriated in both years, the accounts tell
against us, and there is nothing gained in
regard to this specific matter of public build-
ings, and in regard to light-houses there is noth-
ing gained by adhering to the covering-in law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is probably noth-
ing gained by having any statutes at all to pro-
tect the public money. A great deal the best
way would be to pass one general act declaring
that each head of a Department may draw at
will upon the Treasury aa long as there is any
money, and when we get out, issue a warrant
for further taxation to get some more. That
would be the simplest way of governing the
country, It would save a vast deal of discus-
sion and bothering around about accounts and
