718
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
or before any special commissioner appointed
by virtue of this act, in any matter or claim
pending before said commissioners, shall be
deemed guilty of perjury, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be punished in the same manner
prescribed by law in cases of wilful and cor-
rupt perjury.
Sec. 3. That the commissioners of claims
may appoint and employ agents, but not more
than three at any time, whose duty it shall
be, under the direction and authority of said
commissioners, to investigate claims pending
before them, to procure evidence, to secure
the attendance of witnesses on behalf of the
Government, and to examine the same, and
to cross-examine the witnesses produced by
claimants, and to perform such other duties as
may be required of them by said commission-
ers, who may discharge them at any time.
The said agents shall be allowed their actual
aud necessary travelling expenses ; the ex-
penses paid out in investigating claims, pro-
curing .witnesses, and taking testimony, and
six dollars per day while employed in the dis-
charge of their duties; of ail which, at the
end of each month, they shall make a state-
ment in detail, specifying the amounts by them
paid out, t,o whom paid, when and where and
lor what purpose, and the number of days
employed in their duties, and shall transmit
the same, duly certified, to the commission-
ers. But no claim where the amount exceeds
ten thousand dollars shall be examined, de
cided, and reported by the commissioners to
Congress, except the testimony on behalf of
the claimant in such case shall have been taken
orally before the commissioners or some one
of them personally, or shall have been taken
previous to the third day of March, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, to be used in the
Court of Claims or before some Department
of the Government.
Sec, 4. That the commissionersmay employ
three additional clerks at a salary of one thou-
sand two hundred dollars per year; aud may
employ, at the usual rates, such assistance for
the shorthand reporter as may be necessary,
from time to time, in reporting, copying, and
preparing for Congress the ox-al testimony
taken in eases before the said commissioners.
Sec. 5. Thatall the expenses incurred under
the provisions of this act shall be allowed and
paid in the same manner, and out of the same
appropriation provided for in the act organiz-
ing the said commissioners of claims, being
an act entitled " An atft making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sev-
♦nty-two, and for other purposes," approved
March third, eighteen hundied and seventy-
one.
Sec. 6. That it shall be the duty of the said
commissioners of claims to receive, examine,
and consider the justice and validity of such
claims as shall be brought before them of
those citizens who remained loyal adherents
to the cause and Government ol the United
States during the war, for stores or supplies
taken or furnished during the rebellion tor the
use of the Navy of the United States, in the
same manner and with the like effect as they
are now required by law to do in the ease of
stores or supplies taken or furnished for the
use of the Army.
Ai'I'uoveb, May 11, 1872.
Chap. CLVJI.—An Act to carry out certain
Provisions of the Cherokee Treaty of eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, and for the
Belief ot Settlers on the Cherokee Lands in
the State of Kansas.
Whereas in order that certain provisions of
the treaty of July nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, between the United States
and the Cherokee nation may be rendered
clearer, and made more satisfactory to settlers
upon the lands known as the ' 'Cherokee strip,"
in the State of Kansas, said settlers having
moved thereon since the date of said treaty,
and for the purpose of facilitating the sale of
said lands: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the strip of land
lying west of the Neosho river, and included
in the State of Kansas, conveyed to the Cher-
okee nation of Indians by the United States,
and now belonging to said nation, shall be
surveyed, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, in the same
manner as the public lands of the United
States are surveyed, and shall be by him
offered for sale under the provisions and re-
strictions of this act; and all the lands in said
tract lying east of the Arkansas river shall be
sold at two dollars per acre, and all lands in
said tract lying west of said river shall be sold
at one dollar and fifty cents per acre, except
as hereinafter provided : Provided, That where
there is a fraction of land less than forty acres,
the same shall be sold with the contiguous
tract, expense of survey to be paid out of the
proceeds of said land in accordance with the
treaty of July ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixt.y-six.
Sec. 2. That each person being the head of
a family or over twenty-one years of age who
has made a bona fide settlement and improve-
ment upon any portion of said lands, and is
now occupying the same, or, in case of his
or her death, the heirs of such, or, if such
heirs are minors, their guardians for them,
shall be entitled to enter and purchase the
lauds so settled upon and occupied, not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, at tho
price fixed in the first section of this act. pay-
ment for which shall be made at any time
within one year from the date of the approval
by the Secretary of the Interior of the accept-
ance of the provisions of this act, as provided
for in the fifth section hereof; and all persons
heads of families or over twenty-one years of
age who may settle upon said lands at any
time within one year from the date of the pas-
sage of this act, may purchase the land so
settled upon, not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres, at the price fixed in the first sec-
tion of this act, and shall make payment there-
for within one year from the date of said
settlement: Provided, That all lands not sold
under the foregoing provisions of this section,
and all lands settled upon but unpaid for at
the expiration of the limitation named in the
foregoing provisions of this act, shall, unless
such payment be suspended by reason of
contest or appeal, be sold by the Secretary of
the Interior, on sealed bids, after due advertise-
ment, in tracts not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres, and at ^ not less than the price
fixed in the first section of this act: Provided
further, lhat proof of settlement, entrv, and
payment shall be made at the land office of
the proper district, under such regulations as
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
shall prescribe: And provided further, That
the town-site laws shall be, and hereby are,
extended to and made applicable to said lands,
subject to the provisions of this act: And pro-
vided further, lhat the Secretary of the Inte-
rim- may cause public advertisement to be made
of the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. fhat any Cherokee citizen, or the
heirs at law of such who had rights under the
Cherokee laws to any portion of said lands,
and whose titles were valid at the date of the
treaty of eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
who may be able to establish such validity
within one year from the date of the passage
of this act, under such rules as the Secretary
of the Interior may prescribe, shall leceive the
proceeds of the sale of such identical lands,
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres,
instead of their being intested as hereinafter
provided for in the fourth section of this act.
Sec. 4. That all moneys accruing from the
sales of land under this act shall, without
unnecessary delay, beinvested in the registered
five per centum bonds of the United States,
as provided in the twenty-third article of the
treaty of eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Sec. 5. That the sale of said lands as here-
inbefore provided for shall not take place
until the provisions of this act are accepted
by the Cherokee national council, or by a del-
egation duly authorized thereby ; which accept-
ance shall be filed with the Secretary of the
Interior, and, when approved by him, the same
shall be final and conclusive.
Approved, May 11, 1872.
Chap. CLYIII.—An Act to authorize the Con-
struction of a Bridge across the Missouri
river, at Boonville, Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Boonville Kail-
road Bridge Company, a corporation existing
under the laws of the State of Missouri, be,
and is hereby, authorized to construct and
maintain a bridge over the Missouri river, be-
tween the city of Boonville, in Cooper county,
and Franklin, in Howard county, in said
State, and to lay on or over said bridge rail-
way tracks for the more perfect connection
of any railroads that are, or shall be, con-
structed to the said river at or opposite
said point, under the limitations and condi-
tions hereinafter provided ; that said bridge
shall not interfere with the free navigation of
said river beyond what is necessary to carry
into effect the rights and privileges hereby
granted ; and in case of any litigation arising
from any obstruction, or alleged obstruction,
to the free navigation of said river, the cause
may be tried before the district court of the
United States of the State of Missouri in
which any portion of said obstruction or
bridge touches.
Sec. 2. That any bridge built under the
provisions of this act may, at the option of
the company building the same, be built as a
draw-bridge, with a pivot or other form of
draw, or with unbroken or continuous spans:
Provided, That if the said bridge shall be
made with unbroken and continuous spans,
it shall not be of less elevation, in any case,
than fifty feet above extreme high-water mark,
as understood at the point of location, to
the bottom chord of the bridge ; nor shall the
spans of said bridge be less than two hundred
and fifty feet in length; and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current, of the
river, and the main span shall be over the
main channel of the river, and not less than
three hundred feet in length : And provided
also, That if any bridge built under this act.
shall be constructed as a draw-bridge, the
same shall be constructed as a pivot draw-
bridge, with a draw over the main channel of
the river at an accessible and navigable point,
and with spans of not less than one hundred
and sixty feet in length in the clear, on each
side of the central or pivot pier of the draw ;
and the next adjoining spans to the draw shall
not be less than two hundred and fifty feet;
and said spans shall not be less than thirty
feet above low-water mark, and not less than
ten above extreme high-water mark, measur-
ing to the bottom chord of the bridge; and
the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with
the current of the liver: And provided also,
That said draw shall be opened piomptly,
upon reasonable signal, for the passage of
boats; and in no case shall unnecessary delay
occur in opening the said draw during or
after the passage of trains.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under
