1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawt'ul structure, and shall be known and
recognized as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
jnission«over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid Cor their transport-
ation over the railroads or public highways
leading to the said bridge, and the United
States shall have the right of way for postal
telegraoh purposes across said bridge.
Skc. 4. That nil railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge f-ha.ll have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage
of the satne, and in the use of the machinery
and fixtures thereof, and of all the approaches
thereto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, upon hearing the allegations and proofs
of the parties in ease they shall not agree.
Sec. 5. That the structure herein authorized
shall be built under and subject to such regu-
lations for the security of the navigation of said
river and lake as the Secretary of War shall
prescribe; and the said structure shall be at
all times so kept and managed as to offer
reasonable and proper means for the passage
of vessels through and under said structure;
and the said structure shall be changed at the
cost, and expense of the owners thereof, from
time to time, as Congress may direct, so as to
preserve the free and convenient navigation
of said river; and the authority to erect and
continue said bridge shall be subject to revo-
cation by law whenever the public good shall,
in the judgment of Congress, so require.
Sec. G. That the light to alter or amend this
act so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of bridges is hereby expressly
reserved.
Approved, May 11, 1872.
Chap. CLIX.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the following be,
and are hereby, established as post roads:
alabama.
From Crossville, via Big Wills Creek and
Rodetitown, to Atalla.
From Crossville, via Grove Oak, Newville,
and Park's store, to Scottsboro'.
From Tuscumbia, Saint's store, to New-
burg.
From Rocky Head to Haw Ridge.
From Kemp's Creek to Bowdon.
From Ashland, via Hillabee, Millersville,
and Bradford, to Rockfbrd.
From Louiua, via Davidson and Dudley-
ville, to Dudeville.
From Louina, via Wood's Ferry, Weso-
bulga, ami Muilins, to Blakes' berry. ^ ^
Fi orn High Shoals, via Roanoke, ief s,
Higgins', and Buffalo Wallow, to Chambers'.
From Rock Mills, via Bacon Level, Hickory
Flat," and Wchadka, to Antiooh.
From Pinckneyville to Childersburg.
From Tuskegee, via Honey Cut, to Union
Springs.
From Hines Precinct to Tuskegee.
From Wodowee. via.lordans and Arbacoo-
ehee, to Bell's Mills.
From Cole's Station to Tallasee.
Fiom \\ eiumpka to Robinson Springs.
From Society Hill to Uurtville.
From Troy, via Pea River, Buck Horn, and
Loni*\ille. to Clapton.
From Blake's Ferry, via Fox Creek, to East
Mill.
From Tuskegee. via CrossKeys, Culhatchee,
and Mount Meigs, to Montgomery.
Fiora Dadeviile, via Pinckneyville and
Sylacogga, to Childersburg.
From Opelika, via Oak Bower, to Dudley-
ville.
B'rom Letohatehee, via Hickory Grove,
Mount Carmel, Argus, and Helicon, to
Olustee.
From Chulafinnee to Caimbardville.
From Jasper to Somerville.
From Bullock to Rutledge.
From Rock Mills to Houston, Georgia.
From Smith's Station, via Warcoochee,
Beuiah, Ossisippi, Trammell's Factory, to
West Point, Georgia.
From Hillians to Collinsville.
From Spritigville to Violy.
From Fertiles to Athens.
From Somerville to Decatur.
From Sonaerville to Oleander.
From Rogersville to Gilbertsboro.
From Lagrange to Brickville.
From Rock Creek to Dickson.
From Bexar to Pikeville.
From Chester to Democrat.
From Jasper to Jonesboro.
From Pettersville to Athens.
From Handy to Jasper.
From Houston to Hanby's Mills.
From Tuscumbia, via Saint's Store, to
Newburg.
From Florence, via Rice's Store, to Waynes-
boro, Tennessee.
From Tuscumbia, via Fink's Store, to
Frankfort.
From Tuscumbia, via Fike's Store, to
Frankfort.
From Florence, via Saint's Store, to
Waynesboro, Tennessee.
From Pikesville, via Bexas, to Fulton,
Mississippi.
From Allsboro to Iuka, Mississippi.
From Smith's Station, via Warcoochee Val-
ley, Beulah, Mechanicsville. Ossinoppi, Geor-
gia and Alabama Manufacturing Company, to
West Point, Georgia.
From Abbeville to Clopton.
From Columbia to Port Gains, Georgia.
From Bullock to Rutledge.
From Dadeviile, via Mounfreal, Mt. Zion,
Fish Pond, Bulger's Mills, Kowaliga, Guth-
ries, Cotton Store, Sand Tuck, Howie's Store,
to Wetumpka.
From Waverly, via Rome, Walnut Hill,
Melton's Mills, to Channahatchee.
arizona territory.
From Tubae to Monument.
From Tubac, via Sonoita Valley, to Crit-
tenden..
From Hardyville, via Mineral Park,
Prescott.
From Bradshaw, via Walnut Grove,
Wickenburg.
arkaxsas.
From Hamburg to Lake Village.
From Marshall to Harrison.
From West Plains, via Wright's Mill, to
Mountain Home.
From West Plains, via Spear's Mills, to
Gainesville.
From Cambria to Mercyville, in Missouri.
From Maysville to Vinita, Indian- territory.
From Lewisburg, via Howard aud Union
City, to Gibbon's Landing.
From Clarksvilie, via Spada, Morrison's
Blutf, Calico, and Anderson, to Reveille.
From Arkadelphia, via Rome, Gray' s Ferry,
Moscow, Mount Moriah,and Rosston, to Mag-
nolia.
From Brinkley, via Cypress Ridge, Hickory
Ridge, and Dudes, to I ronton.
From Marshall to Rally Hill.
From l)e Vall's Bluff 10 De Witt.
california.
From Santa Cruz to Peseadero.
From Bear Creek to io Semite.
F'rom Mendocino City to Noyo River.
From Ukiah City to Booneviile.
to
to
From Upper Lake to Bartlett's Springs.
From Chico to Dayton.
From Dayton to Butte City.
From Butte City to Princeton.
From Woodland, via Cache ville, to head of
Capay valley.
From Wheatland to Spencerville.
From Calistoga, via Great Geysers, to
Cloverdale.
From Camptonville, in Yuba county, via
Indian Hill, to Brandy City, in Sierra county.
From Shasta City, via Millville, Phillip's
Ranch, Round Mountain, Lutfrell's Ranch,
Caton's Valley, Birney's Valley, Birney'a
Fall's, Pitt River, Bingettville, Fall River Val-
ley. Big Valley, Davidson's Ranch, Mayfield's
Mills, Whitley's Crossing, Ash Creek, Adin,
McDevitt's Mills, Townsend's Ranch, Steel
Brothers' Ranch, Hot Springs Valley, Butte
Mountain, Dorrisburg, Franklin's Store,
Goose Lake, and Ford Bidwell, to Lake City.
From Strawberry Valley, via Scales Dig-
gings, Port Wine, Saint Louis, and Whiskey
Diggings, to Gibsonville.
From Jehama, via Paskento, to Newville.
From Lower Lake to Bartlett's Springs.
From Taylorville to Reno, Nevada.
From Sevastopol, viaForbesville, to Guern-
ville.
From Antioch to Bantas.
From Red Bluff, via Roaring River, Janes-
ville, Igo, Piety Hill, Horsetown, and Middle-
town, to Shasta City.
colorado territory.
From Badito, via Gardner, Cristome, San
Isabel, and Bismarck, to Villa Grove.
From Canon City, via Greenwood, Mace's
Hole, and Dotson's, to Greenhorn.
From Greenwood to Colfax.
From Badito, via Gardner, to Colfax.
From Fort Collins to Livermore.
From Trinidad, via San Francisco, to La
Trincbera.
From Garland to Zapota.
From La Lorna to Capote.
From Colorado Springs to Fairplay.
From Creswell, via Bergen Park, to Junc-
tion.
coxjjecticut.
From New Hartford, via Berkhamstead and
Ilartlanil, to West Greenville, in Massa-
chusetts.
From Redding to Bridgeport.
From Pleasant Valley to Riverton.
dakota territory.
From Richland to Sioux City, in Iowa.
From Yankton, via Welchtown, Ashvill,
Skunk Lake, and Sisseton, to Breckenridge.
From Yankton, via Scotland, Mdltown,
Rockport, Firesteel, Batesvilie, Diamond
Hill, and Eldorado, to North Pacific rail-
road.
From Fort Sully, via Cheyenne agency,
Grand River agency, Fort Rice, Fort Steven-
son, and Fort Bradlord.
From Whetstone agency, via White River
Forks, to Spotted Tail's agency.
From Eden, via Lodi, Turkey Creek, and
Thomsonville, to Y'ankton.
From Canton, via Turnersville, Swan Lake,
Ash ville, and Wolf Creek, to Milltown.
From Sioux Falls City, via Rockport, to
Fort Thompson.
From Vermillion, via Pilot Grove and Wor-
ry's Crossing, to Yankton.
From Medera to B.g Stone Lake.
From Yankton to Norfolk, in Nebraska.
From Owego to Breckinridge, in Minne-
sota.
From Norfolk, in Nebraska, via Santee
ao-encv, Springfield, Dayton, Scotland, Max-
well City, lied Eaith, and Skunk Lake, to
Dell City.
From Crow Creek agency, via Cocosh,
