1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
those who took them made more than the re-
maining part of the one half of one per cent,
which the law au thorized to be expended in plac-
ing the loan. J have,however, heard no attempt,
certainly no successful attempt, to show tliat
the Government lost anything by the transac-
tion, whui ever the purchasers may have made.
What was it to do with the money it received
for bonds? Had they been sold for gold it
must have kept it dead in the Treasury, to the
embarrassment of the commerce of the coun-
try, until notice s-hould bo given to holders to
bring in certain bonds for redemption, and that
if they were not brought in by a given date inter-
est 011 them would cease: andib would have lain
dead in the Treasury, or as, so far as the Govern-
ment was concerned, it did in the vaults of the
depositories to which it was confided. Oh, yes,
gentlemen say, but the law prohibited theSec-
cretary of the Treasury from increasing the
public debt by issuing a new bond before an
old one of like amount had been canceled.
How could he issue one bond for money with
which to redeem another, by the voluntary
tender of the owner, or by the calling in of
the bond, without for the time being increas-
ing the-debt? The two must coexist for some
time, and during this term the bonded debt
was increased.
There is said to be a science of " how not
to do it,1' and our friends 011 the other side,
in the course of their discussion, have shown
that their system is founded on that science;
that they wished it to be lawful to refund the
debt at a lower rate of interest, but that they
deemed it improper that it should be done.
They want a prohibitory law which shall be so
framed^ that anybody may sell and everybody
may drink a3 much as they please. I have
heard the desires for such laws, and the argu-
ments of the gentlemen from New York pre-
sent such a case.
Now, let us see what experience applicable
to this matter teaches. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cos] says that the Secretary
of the Treasury made a contract with the syn-
dicate, made a contract with people that he
did not know. Why, sir, if this was improper,
lei us put a proviso in the funding bill providing
that the Secretary of the Treasury and his
agents shall not sell a bond to anybody that shall
not have been personally introduced to him
with a certificate of good character. During
the war were the bonds sold only to the inti-
mate personal acquaintances of the Secretary
of the Treasury ? Was ever so preposterous a
suggestion offered as that a great Government,
wanting to reduce the interest on its loans,
should deal only with the personal acquaint-
ance of the members of the Administration?
Yet, if the argument of ihe gentleman is good
for anything, it is good for all of that.
When we were forced to issue bonds—-and I
had the honor of being here then with the gen-
tleman from New YorK, [Mr. Cox]—when our
bonds were first required by the exigencies of
the rebellion, with which the Republican party
did not sympathise, and in the suppression ot
which it had to suppress not only the armed j
rebellion but the Democratic party, and br.ng ;
it to its winuing-sheet and cooling board, the
absurdity of such a suggestion would have
provoked universal ridicule. How were th^y
floated ? The national banks, or the banking
institutions of the country, were made agents
for their sale. Did they go? No: men who
held the floating debt of the Government
would take bonds in payment, because they
were assured of their interest, and had a col-
lateral which even in those doubtful days ,
would enable them in some cities to borrow ,
money. But the banks did not succeed in sell- .
itig any considerable amount. As agencies, j
they could not provide for the daily exigencies ,
of the Government. !
It was found that without machinery, with- ,
out active, trusted, and efficient agents, with- j
out confiding the business to meu whom the j
Secretary of the Treasury might possibly not |
recognize as personal friends, the bonds could
not be sold. Accordingly, a man whose name
appears in connection with the syndicate, Mr.
.Jay Cooke, was employed as princioal agent,
with ample power to engage others, and I
have seen the written contract or letter of
instruction sent by the then Secretary of the
Treasury, Hon. Salmon P. Chase, stating
that not over ten thousand dollars could be
expended in advertising the loan ; and I have
also seen a copy of the reply to it, which was
that over three hundred thousand dollars had
already been expended in advertising and pop-
ularizing the new loan. That agency, sir, did
float the loan, did popularize it, did lead our
capitalists to embark their thousands and their
hundreds of thousands, and our corporations
to invest their hundreds of thousands and their
millions of dollars in the six per cent, bonds.
It also inducod the capital of Germany to flow
in upon us and invigorate the country's credit
and the industrial pursuits of the people. It
made the Administration strong, and gave the
nerve which adequate appointments always
give to the commander of an army charged
with great business on the bloody field of
battle.
That chapter of experience, together with
the fact that the new five per cents had ceased
to find a market until it was discovered the
Secretary had a bidder for all he would sell,
and that our own people then rushed forward
in hot and indiscriminate haste to get as many
as they could, proves the wisdom of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in dealing with the syn-
dicate, and the necessity of leaving him a
reasonable range of discretion—a wider one, I
would say, than is provided in the existing law
for the management of the balance of our debt.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask my Demo-
cratic friends, aud especially the Representa-
tives from the city of New York, what their
criticism upon the management of the Treasury
would have been had the Secretary refused
to treat with the syndicate, aud continued to
pay six per cent, on $135,000,000 of bonds
with au offer before him to take the whole
amount at five per cent. ? What answer would
it have been to their criticisms for the Secre-
tary to have said, "I found among lawyers a
question on which there was a divergence of
opinion 011 an immaterial point of the law:
and I felt it better to pay six per cent, on
S135,000,000 than to reduce the interest thereon
to five per cent, till Congress should construe
that immaterial provision of the law?"' Sir,
they would have made the country ring with
the story that the Secretary of the Treasury,
rather than reduce the interest of the bonds in
the hands of his pets, had, on a mere flimsy,
idle pretext gone on paying them six per cent.,
while the most eminent bankers of Europe
were clamoring for the bonds at five per cent.
That would have been their just criticism
to-day ; and it would have been a telling one.
But even among their own people they cannot
tind law or shadow of law sufficient to justify
In this I think the gentleman mistakes.
His terms are too moderate. I think I shall
show you that some of the management of our
public funds has been marked not only by
blunders that were crimes, but by crimes that
were blunders ; and I think I shall show you
that until within six months liis immediate
political associates have been guilty of both
the blunders and crimes. He then says :
Three of these I enumerate: first, increased
taxation continued without reason, to the absorp-
tion of both energy and resources/'
Did William M. Tweed and Hon. Mike
Norton do anything which increased taxation
without reason and absorbed both energy and
resources? I need not halt to answer that
question; the country will answer it. The
gentleman continued:
" Second, inequality in the distribution of the for-
tunes of the people, not only by unjust taxation, but
by the special enrichment of favorites with largesses,
as in the case of the syndicate."
Listen to the virtuous indignation of the
gentleman! Sir, I once read an account of a
wedding in New York which gave me the im-
pression that the gentleman's associates there,
if they did not know the bad effect of largesses
upon the country's credit, did know their
happy influence on the fortunes of the gener-
ous giver. In the account of that wedding I
read of diamonds, emeralds, rubies, and every
other species of precious brilliants ; of sets of
silver and sets of gold ; of laces aud silks of
untold fineness; and, as with dimmed eye I
came to the broader black letter at the bot-
tom, I read the infamous intimation that these
things were sent to the happy young couple by
people to whom the head of a gang of thieves
had from time to time distributed a portion of
the swag they had stolen, and that they were
only returning a small per cent, of the largesses
which Tammany so freely distributed to the
detriment of the credit of the American peo-
ple as well as of the American nation. I
agree to the abstract, propositions of the gen-
tlemen, but I should have been more pleased
to hear them from one who had not presided
at the convention which had nominated Hon.
Mike Norton, MTilliam M. Tweed's lieutenant
general, for tbe senate of New York.
Mr. COX. Will the honorable gentleman
vield to me?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. I thank the gentleman for a
courtesy which 1 did not extend to him yes-
terday.
Mr. KELLEY. I put a coal of fire on your
head.
Mr. COX. All the gentleman says about
New York politics I do not intend to answer,
because I am not responsible for them in
any sense. The only time I presided at a
meeting in New York to which the gentleman
refers was a judicial convention; and I went
there for the purpose of nominating three
judges from my own immediate ward, one of
whom, Judge Daly, was nominated by the
gentleman's own party ; and in that conven-
such criticisms, such animadversions, as they if tion I made the statement that unless our
have made in this Hall.
I am a little amused at the source from
which this demand for the investigation of this
transaction earae,and at the wonderful expres-
sion of purity that fell yesterday from the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] the author
of the resolution. I have marked a passage
or two of the gentleman's speech. 1 do npt
see li.m in his seat; I hope he will come ill
before I close. How his soul recoils from
favoritism and extravagance! He tells us in
that beautiful manner in which he so fre-
quently imparts wisdom to us that—
"The historian.in comparing: thoskiliful manage-
ment of the funds ot' otlior nations with oar own,
will only cease io wonder at tile contempt of the
world for our credit, when he reads the histoiy of
our fiscal administration. With an estimated wealth
of thirty-live thousand millions, an unequaled pre-
cious public domain, and resources ot mdastry and
immigration beyond the extravagance of speech, the
management of our public funds has been marked
only by blunders,"
party purified itself it would be unworthy of
public confidence. When afterward 1 made
a speech in New York, the only other speech
I made, when Mr. Norton was the candidate
for senator in my district—I have that speech
in my desk—I made this remark, and it. will
justify me before honest people, and with the
gentleman, who is one: I said I could not stand
before that people without condemning the
mode by which Mr. Sands had placed the
bonds of New York upon the market, by
which he made $75,000 ; that 1 must condemn
and denounce it because I expected to go
to Washington as their Representative and
denounce the syndicate.
Mr. RANDALL. Is Sands a Republican
or Democrat?
Mr. COX. He was a Republican, but ap-
pointed by Democrats. No matter lor that; I
hope the bad conduct, the corruption, if you
please, of the men who managed tbe city of
