1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4355
balances and all that sort of thiffg that inde-
pendent people ought not to be troubled with.
That ig the true philosophy unquestionably.
But, unhappily, a good many people who have
to pay bills do not think so*, and as represent-
ing a number of that people I do not think so
myself.
Every Senator who has spoken agrees to the
propriety of the general principle of the act of
1870, passed on the motion of my honorable
friend from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] and that
is that the appropriations ougbt to be limited
to one year, and then the accounts ought, to be
brought up and a balance struck, and whatever
was not required for the service of that year
should again belong to the general fund of the
Treasury, and nobody is deceived by it that
you are making more appropriations all the
time, because it is known that the balance of
the old appropriations has gone back; atid
then you watch your public servants in the
expenditure of money, and call upon them to
account. Circumstances may change even as
to a public building; it may be burned up;
the town may be burned up; a thousand things
may occur to make it altogether improper to
go on. Other circumstances may occur to
make it proper to spend beyond the limit, as
we are often asked to make provision for
spending beyond the limit, and we do. Now,
where do you find yourself? Every depart-
ment and every committee say, " As to every
other department and every other subject ex-
cept ours, we are very much in favor of this
provision, but when it comes to our particular
case, then there is very serious objection to it."
We have had this all over in the Committee
oil Appropriations. The Treasury Depart-
ment is very much exercised about our apply-
ing this law to moneys received from fines
and penalties, revenue cases, and having all that
money go into the Tieasury ; the War Depart-
ment is very much exercised on the subject of
our having the appropriations for ordnance and
that sort of thing kept within yearly limits and
the sales of ordnance during the year paid in.
They think, and think sincerely—because they
do not mean to be corrupt; I am not criticising
anybody—but as they look at it it is a great
deal more convenient for them not to be both-
ered by having this yearly balance of accounts,
this yearly settlement, this yearly reappropria-
lion, if you choose to call it so, and so they
complain. And now, when it comes to my
honorable colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pubiic Buildings, as to money spent
under the Treasury Department by the supervis-
ing architect and Secretary, and all that, has
come the conclusion that it would be a great
deal nicer if, when they have once got $100,000,
that should be the end of it, so far as the peo-
ple are concerned, and itshould be theirs, and
they might spend it this year or next year, or
ten years hence as they pleased, and account
for it when they pleased and as they pleased;
and then if they needed any more money they
could come and tell us when they got ready to
want it.
That is all very fine, but there is no distinc-
tion between the matter of expending money
for public buidings and expending money for
public ships, or expending money for ordnance
or for the maintenance of troops, or for carry-
ing on the operations of the Treasury Depart-
ment, or internal revenue, or the legislative
branch. No distinction can be made. My
honorable colleague says that it is a different
thing, but he does not tell us why. It is a
different thing as to its facts ; it is true a pub-
lic building is not a public ship ; but when it
comes to the principle of the thing, where the
money of the people is being spent for certain
public objects, then it is desirable that at cer-
tain stated times a balance should be struck
in the accounts, that a report should be made
to Congress of how much of the money has
been spent and how much is left. Then that
which is left Congress can provide for, if the
rest of it is needed, and uot have it left stand-
ing in the Treasury a eons'ant temptation to
all the subordinates to have claims against
that particular appropriation pressed through
and through, year after ye<r, as long as a cent
of the money is left in order to get it all out.
Those were the* abuses that existed under
the old system. Now we have just fairly got
under headway under the new system. As I
said the other day, this reform—and I think it
is the greatest reform the Government has
accomplished in twenty years in respect to
financial administration—has worked in a great
many ways that were not foreseen to the very
great advantage of the Treasury and of the
people. In some respects, according to the
views of some committees and some Depart-
ments, it works unpleasantly. Now let these
patriotic Departments submit to these little
inconveniences in order to maintain in all its
integrity and all its purity the broad provis-
ions of this law as it stands.
EXECOTIVB SESSION.
Mr. STOCKTON. There is matter of very
considerable importance in executive session.
Mr. COLE. Not yet.
Mr. STOCKTON. But we take a recess at
five, and the few minutes left will probably
enable us to dispose of the matter I refer to.
I speak not only my own views, but the views
of many other Senators in making the motion
which I submit.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business.
After thirty-five minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and (at five
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
took a recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
retired army officers.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair will receive
it if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2697) relative to
retired officers of the Army, to report it back
with an amendment. It is very brief, and I
desire to put it on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read first.
The bill was read, as follows:
JSe it enacted, &c„ That all officers of the United
States Army who may hereafter be retired shall be
retired upon the actual rank held by them at the date
of retirement.
Sec. 2. That hereafter all retired officers shall be
paid the amount prescribed for retired officers of the
rank held by them in the regular Army at the date
of their retirement, and the thirty-seeond section of
the act to increase and fix the military peace, estab-
lishment of the United States, approved July 28,
1866, is hereby repealed.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
an amendment to. the bill so as to make it
read :
That all officers of the United States Army who
may hereafter be retired shall be retired upon the
actual rank held by them at the date of retirement;
and any promotion for the purpose of retiring any
one with an increased rank shall be invalid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that all is left?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
ilr. EDMUNDS. Then it leaves out the
proposition of the House bill that the pay of
retired officers shall be hereafter graduated
according to their actual rank.
Mr. WILSON. It leaves that part out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to leaving that
out. Is it not right?
Mr. WILSON. There were differences of
opinion. We thought we would do this now
and leave the other to be acted on hereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This ifi a very import-
ant matter.
The PRESIDING -OFFICER. The bill
has been read subject to objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not objecting, but
it is a matter that I never understood until re-
cently, that men who were in the volunteer
service, and holding the rank for instance of
majoE general, and were only captains in the
regular service, were retired as and received
the pay of major general by being put into the
regular service, and retired from the regular
service, thereby allowing a person who is re- *
tired from the regular service, although he is
but a captain, to receive the pay he got as a
major general of- volunteers, while the officer
in the volunteer service receives no such pay,
and I have understood that persons have been
appointed to the regular service for the very
purpose of being retired, and then receiving
pay which they would be entitled to as offi-
cers of higher rank in the volunteer service.
That is all wrong, and it ought to be cor-
rected. I do not know how far this cor-
rects it.
Mr. WILSON. I will state the case so
that I think the Senate will understand it. We
allowed officers of the regular Army to accept
commissions in the volunteer service during the
war. Many of them were made majors and
biigadiers general, and many of these men
were badly wounded. Take the case, for in-
stance, of General Sickles, who lost a leg; of
General llobinson, of General Fessenden, and
quite a number of others, who were badly
wounded and broken do.wn while holding the
position of general, some of them -holding the
position of colonel; two of them as low as
lieutenants. We passed an act providing that
officers of the regular Army might be retired
with the rank they held, either in the regular
Army or the volunteer forces, the highest rank
when they were retired. That was supposed
at the time it was passed to reach a few crip-
pled officers. The first officers retired under it,
I believe, were General Fessenden and General
Robinson, also General Sickles and General
Hooker, and the whole fifteen generals were
so retired, some colonels, and some lieutenant
colonels and majors, and a few minor officers,
amounting in all to about sixty. ]t is said
that some officers have been put into the
regular Army and soon after retired. If: so,
that was a violation of the intention and spirit
of the act. The object for which the law was
passed was to do justice to the men who had
passed from the regular Army holding small
positions and had won high places and rendered
distinguished service as generals and colonels
of volunteers.
The House of Representatives now propose
to provide that no such appointments shall
hereafter be made. They provide that those
who have been thus retired shall be reduced.
They provide that the thirty-second section of
the act of I860 shall be repealed. The amend-
ment of the Military Committee is that none
shall be appointed hereafter, that it shall be
invalid to do anything more of the kind ; but
we leave the fifty or sixty officers who have
been thus retired untouched, as the commit-
tee were not agreed about that matter; but we
can stop anything of the kind in the future,
and the other matter may come up to be dealt
with hereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not repeal the thirty-
second section of the act of 1866?
Mr. WILSON. We have no objection to
repealing that act. We supposed the first
section of this bill did it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think we had better
say so in terms.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to make the bill
read:
That all officers of the United States Arms' who
may hereafter be retired shall be retired on the
aotual rank held by them at the date of retirement;
and the thirty-second section ot the act. of Congress
to fix the military peace e&tabli&hmeut of the united
States, approved July 28, 1865, is hereby repealed.
Does the Senator accept that 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will make it better.
The thirty-second section is one which allowed
officers to be retired with the fuli rauk they
