4356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
may have held in the volunteers. Tbat does
not go back, but only speaks in the future.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I know
some instances where the bill from the House
•would prove a positive injustice to individuals.
Mr. WILSON. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Still, if it were
a matter of great public concern, I would
hai'dlynjnaist upon objecting on account of a
few instances. But you must consider that
there are not a great many of these officers who
are retired, at any rate under this law, and you
must consider the fact that when we retired
these men the Army was open to them, they
could have gone into the regular Army for life
or to retire with their actual rank. Now, assum-
ing that they merited the rank they had, and in
some instances I know they did, the presump-
tion fairly i3 that in most of these instances
they did, you will see that what is contem-
plated by the House bill would be an actual
injustice to these parties. A man in my own
State I have in my mind's eye, and that is not
an isolated case, an officer, who was injured,
•who lost a leg, and his constitution was very
much shattered. «Such was his standing and
position as an officer and as a man that he
could have commanded a colonelcy or lieu-
tenant colonelcy in the regular Army. This
Was open to him ; his merits as an officer, his
record and his character as a man would have
justified it, but he was retired on this rank.
Now, to say that he shall lose that rank is to
say that he shall be retired with the rank of
captain. Anybody would see that that is a
positive injustice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The case I had in my
mind is this, and if that is remedied it is all
I want to call attention to: as I understand
the law as it now exists, if there is an officer
in the regular Army, say a colonel, and he has
been wounded precisely in the same manner
as another officer who was of the volunteer
service who was wounded, and the officer in
the volunteer service was a major general
if you please, but being wounded alike, both
meritorious officers, the colonel in the regular
service is retired with a colonel's pay, and the
majoi- general of the volunteer service is
appointed a captain in the regular service, and
after he is appointed captain in the regular
service he is then retired, and retired on the
pay of a major general, and gets much more
than an officer who has been in the regular
service all the time. That ought not to be.
Mr. WILSON. That cannot be any more
if we pass this bill.
Mr. COLE. I would ask these threo very
distinguished and very experienced Senators
whether the matter of the rank of one officer
is of much consequence at this stage of the
session ?
Mr. WILSON. It will take but a moment
now.
Mr. COLE. I hope such matters will not
be urged on the Senate while an appropriation
bill is pending and the House are waiting for
the bill.
Mr, TRUMBULL. It can be passed now.
Nobody wants to discuss it.
Mr. WILSON. Give us a vote.
_ Mr. COLE. If it can pass without discus-
sion, I will not object; but the idea of discuss-
ing such a question now is preposterous.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs as it has been mod-
ified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and in lieu thereof to insert:
That all officers of the United States Army that
may hereafter be retired shall bo retired on the
actual rank hold by them at the date of retirement;
and the thirty-second section of tho aet to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the
United States, approved July 28,18ti8, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. NYE. I do not know what that thirty-
second section is.
Mr. WILSON. It is the section allowing
Army officers to be retired on the highest rank
held by them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole and open to amendment. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amendment
be engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 142) to relieve Charles J.
Faulkner, of West Virginia, from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 218) to create an additional
land district in Florida ;
A bill (S. No. 480) concerning the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
district of Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of Thomas
B. Stewart and Alexander McConn, of West
Virginia;
A bill (S. No. 562) in relation to settlers on
certain Indian reservations in the State of
Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 599) granting a pension to
Julia Belle Dunlap;
A bill (S. No. 609) fixing the salaries of the
United States attorney and United States mar-
shal for the district of Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 774) to declare the true intent
and meaning of section two of an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2, 1807 ;
A bill (S. No. 842) to authorize the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Mississippi river at
or near Red Wing, in the State of Minnesota,
and to establish it as a post road ;
A bill (S. No. 808) granting a pension to
Johu 15. Rose, of Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 1002) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Pen-
sacola and Louisville Railroad Company of
Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 10G4) to reimburse the State
of Kentucky for moneys expended for the Uni-
ted States in enrolling, subsisting, clothing,
supplying, arming, equipping, paying, and
transporting militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion;
A bill (S. No. 10G0) for the relief of Sarah
S. Stafford;
A bill (S. No. 1003) granting a pension to L.
Adelia Foster;
A bill (S. No. 1004) granting a pension to
J. W. Cronkite;
A bill (S. No. 1099) to grant an American
register to the British brig Balear ;
A bill (S. No. 1113) granting a pension to
Calvin A. Laws;
A bill (S. No. 1119) granting a pension to
Margaret Nelson:
A bill (S. No, 1143) for the relief of James
D. Willoughby, of Vineland, New Jersey;
A bill (S. No. 1149) granting a pension to
Catherine Orowell;
A bill (S. No. 1160) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow ofThomas A. Ryan ;
A bill (S. No. 1151) for the relief of Calista
E. Cox;
A bill (S. No. 1153) to amend an act relat-
ing to soldiers' and sailors' homesteads; and
A bill (S. No. 1182) for the completion and
publication of the Medical and Surgical His-
tory of the Rebellion.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1175) for the relief
of certain Indiana in the central superinteud-
ency, with an amendment; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had Agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill*(H. R. No. 1262) for the
relief of Charles Hipp, of St. Mary's, Auglaize
county, Ohio.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 626) to authorize the sale of
certain public property at Augusta, Georgia;
and
A bill (S. No. 780) to provide for the re-
demption and sale of lands held by the United
States undfer the several acts levying direct
taxes.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. -No. 2582) mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of claims
under the act of March 3,1871, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Austin
Blair of Michigan, Mr. Charles A. Buck-
ley of Alabama, and Mr. W. S. Holman of
Indiana, managers at the-same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
bad passed a bill (H. R. No. 2976) to estab-
lish certain post routes in Georgia ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the'Senate.
southern claims!
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2582) making
appropriations for the payment, of claims re-
ported allowed by the commissioners of claims
under the act of Congress of March 3, 1871,
disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives ; and
On motion by Mr. HOWE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to tho said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, Tbat the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Howe, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Davis of West
Virginia.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I demand tho regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order is the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending
June SO, 1870. and for other purposes, which
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator from
Vermont to give way a moment to pass a bill
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia last night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
modify the pending amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Will not the Senator
allow the Senator from South Carolina to
present his request?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SAWYER. I simply ask that the busi-
ness which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia last night, and which
there was an understanding should be con-
sidered when the report was made, shall bo
considered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senatorfrom South Carolinathatthe House
have adjourned to eight o'clock in order to
get the bill that we now have before us, and I
think we had better allow it to be finished.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no idea of fin-
ishing this bill to-night.:
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I will make
objection if nobody else does.
Mr. STEWART. If we cannot have it
