1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
him all along to expedite his bills. The most
important bill on the Calendar is the one I
refer to ; and the Senator from Michigan, who
has charge of several important bills, ought to
be content that the tariff bill, in which he and
his constituents are as much interested as mine,
should be taken up, because it is the most im-
portant. The pendency of that bill has stopped
the business of the House of Representatives ;
it has stopped the business of the country to
the amount of hundreds of millions of dollars.
It paralyzes trade. It is important that the
Senate should at once take its position on the
tariff bill pro or con, settle certain general
important principles involved in it, and then,
when that is done, it may be recommitted if
necessary, or the bill may pass beyond our
reach, and then I shall help the Senator from
Michigan.
Now, I submit to him as a compromise—for
I do not wish to waste time which is very valu-
able—that he permit his resolution, if taken
up, to be amended so as to allow the tariff bill
to be discussed for awhile; and I assure him
that within a short time, probably by general
consent, so far as I am concerned, I will make
no objection to giving him hi3 day, and letting
him dispose of his pressing commercial bills.
But there is no bill now reported by his com-
mittee that is of the pressing immediate im-
portance of the passage of the tariff bill. That
must be manifest to every Senator, andlhope,
therefore, that that course will be adopted ; that
he will allow the resolution I offered, to permit
the tariff bill to be taken up on Monday, to pass
without controversy, and in due timeno doubt
he will have bis day for commercial business.
The tariff bill ought to be taken up and con-
sidered, and I deem it my duty to insist upon
it at every stage until something is done with
it. I will not now go into the necessity of
acting upon it speedily, because most of the
reasons are obvious and manifest to every
Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggest that the Sen-
ator name Tuesday for the tariff bill. He evi-
dently proposes to take it up for discussion.
We have listened to all the discussion we care
to listen to for a day. We can wait discussion
at least one day.
Mr, SHERMAN. If that can be done by
unanimous consent, I have no further objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is to be taken up to
the exclusion of unfinished business, I object
to that.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the Senate will not
overlook the importance to the public interests
of Senate bill No. 2, which is now a special
order. I deem it so important that I shall
press it upon the attention of the Senate for
consideration, giving way after this appropria-
tion bill is disposed of to no other bill that is
now reported except the bill represented by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
the tariff bill. I object to all arrangements or
understandings which may interfere with the
special orders that are now existing. 1 hope
tlve resolution of the Senator from Michigan
will not pass.
Mr. NYE. What is that bill?
Mr. FENTON. It is the customs service
bill to which I refer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise merely to state to
the Senator from Ohio that I make this objec-
tion, not to prevent the consideration of the
tariff bill, but we might happen to have an
appropriation bill almost finished on Monday.
That is sometimes the case, when, if Senators
would be willing to stay and not go to dinner,
we might finish it the night before Tuesday;
but if they insisted on going home, then it
would eome up on Tuesday, and we might
spend half an hour and finish it.
The same may be said as to the Chicago
bill, which ought to be taken up and determ-
ined, as a matter of justice, one way or the
other. I am not speaking of its merits; bat
it is fair to that people and to the gentlemen
who have charge of that bill that a temporary
measure of that kind should be considered
and determined some way immediately. If
that should be almost finished, it would not
be right to displace it by the tariff bill, which
might wait an hour or so; but I can tell my
friend from Ohio that I am quite as anxious
as he to go on with his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. In such a case as that,
the Senator knows that I am always reason-
able enough to yield to proper request.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that; but there
are a good many others besides my friend,
myself for instance, who are not always rea-
sonable. Therefore, you perceive it would
not work at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be glad to see
some action taken on the tariff; I am glad to
see the zeal of the Senator from Ohio on that
subject; but he must know that to take up
such a tariff bill as he has reported here, re-
vising the tariff to a great extent, reducing the
duties on numerous articles, making others
free—a proposition originating in the Senate in
the view of the House of Representatives—will
be of no avail. If we should pass the bill the
House will lay it instantly on the table with-
out consideration, upon the ground that the
Senate has no right to originate a revenue
bill. Now we can act upon the single items
they have sent to us, to repeal the duty upon
coal and salt and tea and coffee ; but the Sen-
ator does not report these bills back to be
acted upon, but reports a general revenue bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me, I do not believe there is a
single member of the House who ever claimed
that we had not the right to amend their tariff
bills by proposing other modifications. I never
heard such a claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly we have
a right to amend a bill from the House; but
the distinction is this, and the Senator from
Ohio cannot have forgotten it; we raised a
committee of conference with the House on
that very subject at the last Congress, and the
Senate took the ground that a bill to repeal
the duty on an article was not a revenue bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not raised in
this bill at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see if it is not
raised. We took that ground, and nobody
stronger than the Senator from Ohio, that
we had the right to repeal a law levying
a tax or establishing a duty. That was his
position, and the Senate stood by him in it.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois permit me to put a question ? Did not
the House of Representatives take the ground,
however, that a bill to repeal a tax was a
revenue bill; and, if so, how is the House to
object to onr amendment to such a revenue
bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose, Mr. Presi-
dent, if the Senate can stultify itself, the
House can. The Senator from Pennsylvania
and the Senator from Ohio now propose to
stultify themselves, and take the ground that
a bill to repeal a tax is a bill to raise revenue.
I do not know that they have any right to sup-
pose that the House will be any more consist-
ent than we are. I have no doubt the House
would lay such a bill as is reported here imme-
diately on the table, and that it will be a waste
of time for us to consider it,
Mr. SHERMAN. No Senator ever denied
the right of the House of Representatives to
oiiginate a bill to repeal a tax.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume not, for the
House has the right to originate such bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have sent us a bill
to repeal a specific tax, and we say that instead
of repealing that tax we will repeal some other
taxes.
Mr. TRUMBIJLL. And regulate the tariff
generally.
Air. SHERMAN. There is no question
about it ; no member of the House has sug-
gested any.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator cannot get
away from the point; it is mere evasion of the
Constitution. Does not everybody know that
the Constitution has said that bills for raising
revenue shall originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives? Now, because a bill comes to
us from the House to repeal the duty on coal,
a single article, can you avoid the Constitution
by getting up a general bill to regulate the
raising of all the revenues of the country?
The House will never agree to it in the world.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the House proposes to
repeal the duties on tea, coffee, salt, &c., can
we not say that instead of repealing those
duties we will repeal some other duties, as an
amendment to their bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not a general bill such
as the Senator proposes. The House sent us
separate bills. The House has not put tea,
coffee, salt, coal, and all these things together.
They are in separate bills sent to us sepa-
rately; and the Senator proposes on one of
them to hang a general revenue measure, by
way of amendment. It would be a waste of
time to take up the tariff bill in any such way.
If the Senator will call up the separate bills
of the House and let us agree to them, to
repeal specific duties, I have no doubt we may
act upon them and amend them. We may
change their terms ; we may propose to repeal
half the duties on these articles; we may pro-
pose to lower the rates; but we cannot tack to
a bill of that kind a general revenue measure
by way of amendment consistently with the
spirit of the Constitution, and I think he will
find that the House will maintain that position.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the appropriation bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say a word. The
Senator from Illinois places a limitation on
the power of the Senate that no man has ever
put before. Here the House of Representa-
tives has passed three different bills repealing
$22,000,000 of taxes. The Senator says now
we cannot amend those bills by repealing any
other taxes ; we can agree to repeal halt what
they propose to repeal, but we cannot put any-
thing else on the bills they send to us. No
such proposition has ever been made by any
member of the House. As I stated before, we
are acting in harmony with the House com-
mittee on this subject. We have avoided all
the difficult questions that have been raised
.heretofore between the two Houses. Now the
House of Representatives is waiting to see
what action shall be had by the Senate upon
their bills before they can make any progress
in proposing any measure in regard to either
internal or external revenue.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is subject to be demanded.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that the
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria
tion bill is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Hill] is entitled to the
floor upon it as soon as the Chair can recog'
nize him.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, the Senator from
Georgia being recognized, I ask him to yield
to me for a minute ; I shall not want more.
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. 1 should like to inquire what
the question is?
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question. The bill (H. R. No. 1060)
making appropriations for the legislative ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, is before the Senate, the
pending question being upon the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Hill] to
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
