772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
New York to the humiliation of our party,
shall not have justification in the House of
Representatives on an occasion like this.
Mr. KELLEY. I am very glad I alluded to
the subject, and I cheerfully yielded to the
gentleman from New York, but foel compelled
to ask him another question, because 1 have
been impressed by finding it very frequently
stated in the public prints, that the gentleman
not only presided at the convention which nom-
inated Mr. Norton, but spoke for him in the
canvass, and was known as the friend of Mr.
Tweed in his canvass.
Mr. COX. I did not preside at the conven-
tion which nominated Mr. Norton. I was in
California at the time. I did not speak for
Mr. Tweed at any lime. The only speech I
made was the one I have referred to, in which
I told the people they must reform the city
government.
Mr. KELLEY. Was that at a meeting to
ratify the convention of Mike Norton, as he is
called ?
Mr. COX. That was at a meeting where I
addressed my own friends in behalf of the puri-
fication of my own parl.y. And I demand of
gentlemen on the other side to do for their
parly what, I have endeavored to do for mine.
Air. K10LLKY. I am glad that the gen-
tleman is fairly before the country, and that
he admits that he did go to a meeting to ratify
the nomination of Alike Norton, and pleaded
with his people to send that eminent reformer
and distinguished foe to largesses to the Senate
in order that, he might reform the city and
State of New York.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Michael Nor-
ton, whoever he may be, and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania does not know hira 
Mr. KKLLKY. Not personally, but only
so far as I have heard him spoken of.
Mr. COX. As to Mr. Michael Norton, so
far as 1 know hisrccon), lie presented the only
bill for a reform charter for New York in (.lie
senate, which was carried against hini by the
Republicans who were purchased up in the
senate, and bought, too, with money.
Mr. KKLLEY, 1 resume the floor.
Mr. COX. I think it is time.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 take another point. I
will not pause to ask the gentleman who bought
the Republicans, but 1 will assure the eountiy
that they were bought with a small largess from
the moneys stolen by Tweed, Norton & Co.
Mr. BLDIMDGE. They were cheap men.
Mr. ivKLLKY. Oh, no ; that is not neces-
sarily the case. The man that steals !j>20,000,000
by a grab or two can afford to buy a pretty
high-priced man, as politicians go.
Mr. ELDRllHJE. The gentleman said it
was a cheap purchase.
Mr. KELLEY, X have not yielded to the
fentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Kujiiidge.]
fow, what reason didthe gentleman give for
condemning, not Tweed, not Norton, not the
ring, not Tammany, but Mahlon II. Sands?
The gentleman said, " But I have to do this;"
and 1 can imagine the earnest manner with
which he waved his extended forefinger as he
said, "I have to denounce Mahlon H. Sands;
1 do not like to do it; I hope he won't be
punished, but how can l attack the syndicate,
if 1 have not thrown some mud at Sands V"
Mr. ELY. Let me correct the gentleman.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to yield for any
further interruption.
Mr. COS. The gentleman has got hold of
the wrong man.
Mr. KliliLKY. Now, I follow it, up by ask-
'"®_ '''.V51 !'!1b Alahlon II. Suuds refunded the
S/5,000 which the gentleman has spoken of?
Has Tammany prosecuted him for it? Js the
Government making aDy effort to force him to
disgorge his plunder? Bat I correct myself;
I should have said "Nathaniel" Sands instead
of "Mahlon H."
Mr. COX. Why did you not say that
before ?
Mr. KELLEY. I beg the pardon of Mahlon
H. Sands, and hope the reporters will substi-
tute the name of Nathaniel wherever I have
used the other name. God forbid I should do
an honest man, as I believe Mr. Mahlon H.
Sands to be, the injustice of mixing him up m
the company of such men as I am now dis-
cussing. My question is, what has been done
to Nathaniel Sands?
Does not all Europe know, and when you go
there to sell bonds are you not reminded of
the fact, that certain men stole a railroad from
the Erie Company, and that with that larceny
and those perpetrated in the city of New York
by Tweed, Norton, aud their associates, they
proposed to capture the country, and to steal
its credit and its resources? Foreign bankers
also know, sir, the personal purity of my friend
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and I do not
mean to assail or as much as intimate an
assault upon him. He is, in his personal
character, as pure as any man I have met in
my eleven years of congressional life. But he
is a partisan, a devoted friend, and a grateful
man. And they know that he, with all his
purity of character, was not with the commit-
tee of fifty, was not with the committee of
seventy, was not in the reform meetings of
citizens, but that he was at the meeting which
ratified the nomination of Mike Norton, plead-
ing with those who loved him to send Norton
back to purify the senate of New York, and
reform Erie frauds and the municipal affairs
of the metropolis of the country.
Sir, there is no act on the part of the pres-
ent President of the United States or any of
his Cabinet ministers; no, sir, nor do all
the defalcations that have taken place under
him, or that have been alleged to have taken
place, so affected the credit of corporations,
municipal and others, of States, and of the
United States, a? the acts of the gentleman's
associates, for whose reelection he pleaded, and
of whose cause lie stood, I was going to say,
almost single-handed and alone, the cham-
pion, among the distinguished and respected
citizens of New York. And that fresh from
Tammany, fresh from the rostrum where ho
advocated the renomination of Mike Norton,
he should come here to tell the country that
its honor or its integrity or its public faith had
been assailed by reducing the interest on
$200,000,000 of its debt from six per cent, to
live per cent, seemed to me to bo the supreme
joke of his life; so funny, so characteristic,
so deserving of world-wide enjoyment, that
1 felt constrained to take this opportunity of
bringing the few facts to which I have referred
into pretty close juxtaposition in the columns
of the Globe.
Mr. DAWES. I now propose to call the
previous question, but before doing so I with-
draw the motion to recommit and then call the
previous question.
Mr. KELlIt. I hope the gentleman will now
allow us to oiler as an amendment the resolu-
tion which I had read yesterday.
Mr. DAWES. The previous question is in
the custody of the majority of the House, and
I feel it necessary to insist upon it.
Mr. KERR. All we desire is that the reso-
lution shall be before the House to be voted
upon.
Mr. DAWES. I understand my friend's
resolution to be equivalent to a negative of
mine, and voting for or'against the resolution
which I have offered -will be equivalent to
voting for or against his.
Mr. KERR. No sir; our resolution i3 not
a mere negative of the resolution of the ma-
jority of the committee; it is qualified. I
think we are entitled to have a vote upon it,
and I hope the gentleman will not refuse to let
it be offered as a substitute for the resolution
of the majority.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
do it with some reluctance. I know that the
gentleman from Massachusetts,'[Mr. Dawes,]
according to the Globe, made his motion to
recommit so as to cut off all amendments,
which I understand is the ruling of the Chair;
but I state to the House and to the Speaker,
upon my honor as a member of this House,
that I offered my amendment as a substitute
for the resolution of the majority of the
committee before the motion to recommit was
made.
The SPEAKER. That could not have been
done—the gentleman must be mistaken—unless
the gentleman from "Massachusetts had sur-
rendered the floor. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts holding the floor, the gentleman
from New York indicated his amendment, but,
of course, he could not have the amendment
considered as pending unless by the consent
of the gentleman who had the parliamentary
right to the floor. In point of time the Chair
is aware that the amendment was indicated
before the motion to recommit was made.
Mr. COX. With all respect to the Chair,
and to the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
remember distinctly that after he made his
presentation of the case I arose in my seat
and offered this resolution, being a little sur-
prised that my friends on this side of tho
House had not offered something in place of
the majority resolution. I did not intend to
offer my resolution unless they failed to do so.
The gentleman from Massachusetts at that
time was in his seat. He was not on the floor
except constructively. My resolution was
offered in good faith and as a testof the ques-
tion which this House should determine, but I
would willingly withdraw my resolution.
I now ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, in view of my statement on my veracity
as a member of this House, believing that 1
offered it before he moved to recommit, to
allow an expression of the House in favor of
an amendment to his resolution, such as has
been proposed by the minority of the commit-
tee. It is due to the minority of the commit-
tee, due to this side of the House, due to the
importance of the subject. I merely ask, as
a matter of justice to this side of the House,
that we may vote our sentiments.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think any advantage
can possibly be taken in this proceeding. It
was my intention, when I rose, to make the
motion I did for a purpose which is apparent.
I did it openly and above board in the House.
It is the custom, and I think a very good one.
This is a simple proposition. Upon this prop-
osition it is the desire of the committee to have
the judgment of the House, and upon this
only. This is what was referred to the com-
mittee to consider, and they have abstained
entirely from bringing in any other matter ex-
cepting the question of the legality of the pro-
ceeding. Those who do not think it legal, will
of course vote against our resolution. Those
who think it was legal will vote for it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And those
who think it ought not to be done again, how
will they vote ?
Mr. DAWES. If they think there is any
danger of its being done again, they can bring
in a bill to prevent its being done again. I do
not know that there is any danger of its being
done again, but I commend to the gentleman
his power as a legislator.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
remark that of course this question will ulti-
mately be decided by the House. If the House
desire to entertain either the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] or
the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr,] it will indicate that desire by
refusing to second the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. KERR, I hope the previous question
will not be seconded, bntthatl may be allowed
an opportunity to offer on behalf of the minor-
ity of the members of the Committee of Ways
and Means the resolution I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk -will read the
resolution reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means ; also the resolution which the gen-
