1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4357
considered, -when this appropriation bill gets
in the Senate we shall make an effort to put on
that railroad bill as an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, try it on. I
insist upon the regular order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to that bill and all bills until this appropria-
tion bill is through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priation bill is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
{Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I modify the
amendment by offering the following as a sub-
stitute for what was first reported ; and I will
say that I do this in obedience to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] and my colleague, [Mr. Edmunds.] It
will accomplish the same purpose and be just
as satisfactory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor can modify his own amendment. The
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That section six of the act approved
July 12, 1870, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1871," is hereby so modified that it
shall not apply to appropriations made heretofore
for public buildings at the following places, namely :
Astoria, Oregon; Baltimore, Maryland; Boi.se City,
Idaho; Boston, Massachusetts; Charleston, South
Carolina; Columbia, South Carolina; Chicago, Illi-
nois ; Dalles City, Oregon; Detroit, Michigan; Knox-
ville, Tennessee ; Maebias, Maine; Nashville. Ten-
nessee; New York, New York; Newport. Rhode
Island; Omaha, Nebraska; Portland, Maine; Pott-
land, Oregon ; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania ; San
Francisco, California; and St. Paul, Minnesota.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, Mr. President, I
thought the Senator from Vermont would just
propose to appropriate the amount of money
needed, saying ''that the sum of $50,000,"
if that is the amount, " being the unexpended
balance of the appropriation made last year,
is appropriated to carry on the building in
New York," &e., or "the following sums are
hereby appropriated to carry on the public
buildings at the following places," giving the
amounts. That is all we want, the amounts.
I understood the Senator had it here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have the
amounts that it is estimated will be on hand
at the end of the fiscal year, but it is impos-
sible to fix the precise figures, because the ex-
penditure is going on from day to day. It
is merely an estimate, and this barely reap-
propriates the sum that may be on hand at
that time, and makes the act imperative so far
as appropriations heretofore made for these
specific objects are concerned. I think the
Senators ought to be satisfied with that prop-
osition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I, for one, am almost
always satisfied with whatever my colleague
proposes, because it is almost always right;
but I submit to him and to the Senate that
this is merely stating the repeal of the law in
another form as to these places. It leaves us
in the dark, just as the general proposition
would leave us in the dark, about all these
places, as to how much money is being spent
there, when it is going to be spent, and
when it is going to be accounted for finally.
It puts no limit. If my colleague will pro-
pose to appropriate any amount of money he
pleases to name, within the original limita-
tions, to carry on the work within the next
fiscal year, we shall all say amen, subject to
the proviso he himself would be in favor of,
that the total amount of money expended shall
not exceed the original limitation wherever
there is one. That is quite different from this
proposition.
Mr. CON KLIN G. In the regular appro-
priation bill which is now a law will be found
certain sums of money appropriated for spe-
cific purposes in places named. The year has
elapsed, and there remains a residuum in each
one of these places. The precise amount of
that we have not before us, nor can it be ascer-
tained. Why? Because expenditures are made
from day to day and will continue to be made
until the last day in this month, which is the last
day of the fiscal year. It is impossible, there-
fore, as I understand it, to put in figures the
amount of the expended appropriation. If
we were legislating on the 30th day of June,
and had the returns up to that day, we could
specify. At this time it is impossible.
But, again, what is the motive for repeating
it in the bill? It is stated in the' original act
to a cent, so many dollars. Now, you appro-
priate, that is, you reapply that unexpended
money, be it more or less, knowing that it can-
not exceed the amount appropriated, to the
completion of the work. Is there any doubt
about it? Is there anything loose about it?
Is there anything lax about it? And I ask
this, who have voted uniformly whenever the
question has been up, to reform the old prac-
tice of appropriating balances at large with-
out knowing what they are, but I submit to
my friend from Vermont nearest me [Mr. Ed-
munds] that that has nothing to do with this.
Jf my friend wanted, as I know he does not
want, to practice a sleight-of-hand in book-
keeping, if he wanted for political effect to ar-
ray what might appear as new appropriations
so as to make a great outcry in regard to them,
I could see the reason of this, and then I could
see no objection, except that if we were only
at the end of the fiscal year, because we could
determine within a very small amount and put
it in figures how much we want to appropriate ;
but, fortunately or unfortunately, this is the
7th day of June, and we are going to adjourn
in the course of a short time and are going to
act upon this bill, we hope, in the course of
two or three hours; and therefore no eye but
the All-Seeing Eye can look ahead and ascer-
tain what will be the precise amount of unex-
pended appropriations for the New York post
office, for example, on the 30th of June.
Now, I should like to know how we can get
at it except in the way the Senator from Ver-
mont farthest from me [Mr. Morrill] pro-
poses. I was one of those who objected to the
original amendment as it was offered, and the
Senator from Vermont showed me the amend-
ment that he has offered now, and it never
occurred to me that anybody could object to
it, and I hope my honorable friend from Ver-
mont nearest me [Mr. Edmunds] will not
object to it. It is of vast importance that the
construction of the post office at New York
should proceed. It would be an injury to the
public service, a disappointment to everbody,
a public wrong for us to do or omit anything
to hinder it. There it is half way up, and it
ought to proceed at once, especially during
that season of the year when greatest progress
can be made.
Now, the amendment pending simply reap-
plies that unexpended balance which is specific-
ally found in the bill so far as it shall remain
at the end of the fiscal year. That is all there
is of it. I confess, although I have been
anxious heretofore to vote for these proposi-
tions, and shall continue to vote for them, to
break up the old practice of appropriating
over again en masse all unexpended balances,
I cannot see what the objection is to referring
specifically, one by one, as the Senator from
Vermont has done to these very balances, and
applying them to the work which you find in
ihe statutes they have been devoted to already.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] as modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
will take notice that the five-minutes rule is
in operation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I take notice. I believe
I have not made a five-minutes speech, have
I? If I have, I am done. Does the Chair
say I have occupied five minutes ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has not spoken on this amendment, the
Chair believes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to occupy
the attention of the Senate for one minute.
The Senator from New York does me a great
injustice if he supposes I would stop the
work on this post office or any of these build-
ings. We wish the work to go on, but we
wish it to go on under the general principle of
the act of 1870, that there shall be an annual
appropriation to be expended in that year, and
notan indefinite appropriation, tobeexpended
at any time in the future that may be conven-
ient, although there is a limitation on the
total expenditure.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask my friend a
question. Will he explain how appropriations
shall be made to finish these buildings ; how
much shall be appropriated to each one 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just exactly that sum
which the Secretary of the Treasury shall
honestly estimate according to law and report
to us as the sum necessary to be appropriated,
still within the original limit, for the coming
year.
Mr. HOWE. How is the Secretary going
to determine that, not knowing how much of
the sums already appropriated will remain on
the last of this month ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can see the point of
my friend in two or three lights. He is going
to determine it just as he determines how much
is necessary to carry on the Navy Depart-
ment; how much is necessary to continue the
construction of a ship of war ; how much is
necessary to continue a fortification, or how
much is necessary to carry on any branch
of the public service which requires the
expenditure of money. There is nothing
peculiar about this public building business.
It is a public work that the Government is
interested in; it is a public administration,
precisely like every other branch of the Gov-
ernment. The only question is whether you
are to have a yearly rest and a yearly account-
ability, or whether you are to haVe an indefinite
appropriation. No doubt there are inconven-
iences ; there are inconveniences in every-
thing, but you must take a general average or
balance of the advantages to be gained and
the inconveniences to be submitted to in mak-
ing this sort of legislation. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, perhaps it was thinking too much, per-
haps we were too happy when we passed the
act of 1870 in the idea that it could be kept
pure and intact for any particular length of
time. I have about given up the idea.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I want to say two
things ; first, that there is no unfinished pub-
lic building at Madison ; and second, that it
is not an inconvenience that we run against
here if we follow the lead of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] It is an impossi-
bility. The Secretary of the Treasury esti-
mated that a certain sum of money would
build a certain building, and it was appropri-
ated, and now a part of the year has expired
and it becomes manifest that that whole sum
cannot be applied to the building during this
year, and when this year ends under the law
as it stands the unexpended money will go
into the Treasury. It is impossible for the
Secretary of the Treasury to tell how much
money he will want to expend next year, be-
cause he does not know how much will be
spent this year. It is an absolute impossi-
bility. We simply, by reenacting the appro-
priation we made a year ago, reaffirm the pro-
priety of that appropriation. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. STEWART. There is a wide differ-
ence between this and the ordinary business of
the Departments. There is so much appro-
priated to do a specific thing. When you
undertake to build a building you appro-
priate so much for that particular thing,
and until that work is accomplished there will
be no unexpended balance. This cannot be
carried out as to specific objects, such as put-
