1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] claims to i
liave offered, and the resolution which the j
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] desires j
to offer. |
The Clerk read the resolution of the com- j
mittee, as follows: i
jUetolved, That in the opinion of this House the ;
Secretary of tile Treasury, in negotiating the loan j
authorized by the act of July 14, 1870, ha3 neither
increased the bonded debt nor incurred an cxpendi- ]
ture contrary to law. j
The resolution proposed by Mr. Cox was !
read, as follows:
Reunited, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report the bill before them prohibit-
ing all commissions,deductions, or compensation of
any kind to any person for the sale, negotiation, and
exchange of United States securities, and prohibit-
ing the employment of any agent except a proper
officer of the Treasury Department for such sale,
negotiation, and exchange.
The resolution proposed by Mr. Kerr was
read, as follows:
Retohed, That in the opinion of the House the
Secretary of the Treasury, in negotiating the loan
authorized by the act of July 14,1870, has increased
the bonded debt more than was necessary or proper,
and has incurred expenditures contrary to law.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 86, noes 76.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
EDUCATIONAL TU3D.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent that
Housebill No. 1013, to establish an educational
fund, and apply the proceeds .of the public
lands to the education of the people, which has
been assigned to Friday and Tuesday next,
may be again printed, with the pending amend-
ments, as the number already printed are all
gone.
Mr. McNEELY. Will that include the
printing of the substitute indicated by the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. McIxtyre] the
other day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends that
it might include any amendment that may be
indicated daring to-day.
Mr. McNEELY. 1 ask that it shall include
that amendment.
No objection was made: and the order was
made accordingly.
Mr. KING. I ask that there be printed with
the educational bill a substitute which I desire
to offer.
Mo objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
IMPROVEMENT OF HABBOnS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit for adoption at this
time the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to forward to this House the last report of Captain
G-. L. Gillespie, of the engineer bureau, in regard to
the improvement of tho harbors of Sandusky ana
Ashtabula, on Lake Erie.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to include the harbor of Waukegan, Illinois.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
NEGOTIATION OF LOAN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution reported from tho Committee of
Ways and Means in relation to the negotiation
of the loan authorized by act of July, 1870.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, 1 recognize
the weariness of the House over this debate.
Nothing would induce me at this late period
of the discussion to thrust myself upon the
House were it possible for me to avoid it.
Nothing would justify it but the gravity of
the questions involved and the serious conse-
quences attending upon the vote which the
House is about to give. I cannot conceive of
anything about which a nation onght to be so
sensitiveas its public credit. Whatever touches
the official integrity of its financial officers in
negotiations which involve the credit of the
nation at home and abroad should be dis-
cussed deliberately and dispassionately. And
so far as it may be in my power, the little which
I can say, after the able manner in which this
subject has been already treated by my asso-
ciates on the Committee of Ways and Means
and others, shall be uttered without rhetoric
or vituperation.
There are two counts to the indictment of
the Secretary of the Treasury. They are, that
in negotiating the loan authorized by the act
of July 14, 1870, "in defiance of law"—I use
the mild phraseology of the resolution—"in
defiance of law," the Secretary has increased
the public debt, and has incurred an expend!
ture not authorized by law. The approval by
Congress of that proposition would not only
strike with amazement the country, but all
nations who*have interested themselves in the
credit of the United States or who regard its
financial condition, and itshould therefore call
for the gravest consideration. A decision by
the House that the Secretary of the Treasury
had negotiated $200,000,000 of her bonds in
defiance of law would be to strike a blow at
her credit which not all the armed rebellion
of four years and the staggering weight of
obligations that it brought upon our shoulders
was ever able to do ; and therefore it is only
upon clear proof and inevitable necessity that
this House of Representatives will enter up
saeh a judgment.
What, Mr. Speaker, is the ground of such
an accusation? I take the first count. Why
is it that my friend from New York [Mr. CoxJ
stands up in his place here and makes the ac-
, cusation that the Secretary of the Treasury in
! defiance of law has increased the bonded debt
of the nation? It is because the law of July
14, 1870, which authorized the issue of some
fifteen hundred millions of bonds of the Uni-
ted States, bearing different rates of interest
and different times to run, bonds to be issued
for the sole purpose of taking up with the
proceeds thereof the five-twenty bonds of the
United States, contains this clause:
" But nothing in this act or in any other law now
in force shall be construed to authorize any increase
whatsoever of the bonded debt of the United States."
Overlooking all other provisions of the law,
forgetting the purpose for which it was enacted
and the machinery which it set in mo_tiou, and
which it authorized and required the Secretary
to avail himself of, in carrying out its provis-
ions, he sticks in the letter of these words and
reaffirms in this debate his original resolution
that they are unqualified, that beyond them
the Secretary cannot go or look, but by them
in their literal construction and meaning he
must stand. The gentleman from New York
says that inasmuch as the Secretary sold
$200,000,000 worth of bonds, and obtained
the proceeds before he purchased any corre-
sponding number of the bonds of the United
States, he thereby increased the public debt
to the amount of $200,000,000 in defiance of
law. _ ,
Now, sir, looking into the purpose of this law,
and into the machinery which the law itself has
enacted for carrying out that purpose, having
the same sanction and authority of law as
the paragraph I have read, the gentleman is
called upon to say, and fails to respond to
the inquiry, how shall the Secretary, if the
gentleman's construction of this law be tj'ue,
fulfill this other provision of the law, which he
is required to fulfill: that he shall first sell at
par these bonds, and with the proceeds there-
of buy in the five twenty bonds? Evidently,
Mr. Speaker, the construction which the gen-
tleman from New York puts upon the first
I paragraph is utterly inconsistent with the ability
on the part of the Secretary to carry out the
second paragraph. One or the other provis-
ion must yield ; and has it not occurred to my
friend from New York that this is not the first
time that apparent conflict in phraseology has
been reconciled according to established prin-
ciples? Surely he must be aware that in the
light of a long line of judicial decisions never
controverted, and in accordance with princi-
ples established in every court in the land,
there is a way to expound and construe a
statute so as to give meaning to all its parts,
and thereby carry out its manifest purpose
• and object.
My friend seems to have forgotten all this
method of proceeding. He forgets that the
elementary works upon the construction of
statutes, and the decisions of the courts upon
the same subject, have told him what ho
should do ; that he should look into the body
;i of the statute, and to its manifest purpose,
11 and see whether the construction which he
|j proposes to put upon any particular para-
;! graph is in conflict with the body of the act, is
j in conflict with its purpose and object, and
!j will thwart the end for which it is enacted,
and if he finds it so, to turn back to his cort-
;i Aiding phraseology and apply to it the rules
ij of common sense to ascertain whether by the
j1 help of common sense he may not be able to
!| make all parts of the law harmonious, so that
Ij all its provisions may be carried out.
:j Mr. ELDKIDGE. I would like to ask the
gentleman a single question : whether a note
ij or bond sold upon three months' credit for its
j| face without reckoning the interest, can be
|| considered as having been sold at par under
i j any construction of any statute ?
ij Mr. DAWES. Well, Mr. Speaker, as that
: question has no reference to what I am saying,
i 1 do not think it worth while forme to answer
it at this time, with all due regard to my friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like very much
to know the gentleman's opinion on that point.
Mr. DAWES. I call the attention of my
friend from Wisconsin to what the elementary
books say on this subject. Dwarris on Stat-
utes suggests to him what he should do under
such circumstances:
"When words per se are repugnant and very
absurd, what is necessary may be supplied by rea-
sonable intendment and good construction; but it
I must be supplied irom the body of the act."
| Again:
i " Where a sense can be added, the addition must
i be a necessary implication from the words there
i used in order to give them, sensible meaning and
i eifect."
| And Judge Story says :
' "Words conflicting with each other, where dif-
i ferent clauses ot an act bear on each other and would
be inconsistent unless the natural and common im-
port of the words be varied, const-ruction becomes
necessary, and departure from the obvious meaning
of the words is justifiable."
And, sir, while my friend was uttering these
words yesterday, saying it was impossible for
us to go beyond this phrase, the New York
papers were bringing to us a decision of the
,! court of appeals of New York, announced
jj within a day or two, on conflicting phraseology
II in the constitution of that State, in which that
| court uses nearly the same words:
!! "We conceive the whole article xnust be read
: together, that each must be read tp act in harmony
j with each part, that where there is a conflict that
which provides for contingency must be held to bo
: subservient to those which provide for general pur-
| poses and for an event sure to occur."
| There never was any conflict about this.
ii There never were any two opinions among law-
ji yers about the rule of law, and my friend will
i| pardon me for saying if heliad paid less atten-
tion to childish prattle over words of his own
| invention yesterday, and looked into theplain-
I est principles of law, he would have found less
i difficulty in coming to a conclusion in refer-
' ence to the course of the Secretary of tho
'< Treasury. When the Secretary found he was
ij required first to sell these bonds, and from the
!; proceeds to purchase in five-twenty bonds, ha
|i turned to the provision in which my friend
II sticks, and he said the obvious purpose is,
1 "During the process of refunding the debt I am
il to use the machinery px-ovided for in this act,
ll when the work is dorre I am prohibited from and
