1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8461
Mr. DICKEY.
I insist on my motion. Wo
have done a great deal of business to-day.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
75, noes 70.
Mr. DAWES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Diuicey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes G4, noes 54.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that, pursuant to the order
of the House, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. it. No. 2322) to re-
duce duties on imports and to reduce internal
taxes, and lor other purposes, and had come
to uo resolution theieou.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, and present the report of
the committee of conference oil the deficiency
bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (31.11. No. lGj-l) making appropii.itions to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
vi the Government lor the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, and lor lorrnor years, and for other purposes,
having mot, after full and free conteronco havo
agreed to recommend, and do rccormnend, to their
respective Jlou&es as follows:
That thu Senate reccdo from< their amendments
numbered -0, '11, ond;V7.
That the House ol Representatives rccede from
their disagreement to the mnendmentsof the Senate
numbered 2, 5,7, 28, o0, 35, 37,53, oti, and02; andagroa
to i ho s.une.
That ihe Senate recede from their first amendment,
and agree to tho amendment of the llouso to baid
amendment.
That the House rccede from their disagreement
to the thiid amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: in lino
two of said amendment, strike out the following
woids "to pay the," and insert in lieu tho words
" that the p-imcni of; " and in the same line, insert
the woid "iietual" after tho word "for;" and
strike out of said amendment all after tho word
"President,''in line live, down to the end of line
Bix, and insert in lieu thoreof the following words:
** is hereby authorized;" and tho Senate agree to
the same.
That tho House recede from tho first clause of
their amendment to tho sixth amendmont of the
Senate.
And that the Senate rccede from their disagree-
ment to Ihe second clause of tho amendment ot tho
House to said amendment and agree to tho same.
That the Senate rccede from so much of their
twonty-liith amendment as proposes to insert
words; and the Hou&o agreo to said amendment as
go modified.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-sixth amendment of tho Senate, and
agreo to the same with the following amendment:
in line five of said amendment, strike out tho word
" one" and insert in lieu thereof the word "two;" and
the Senate agreo to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to tho thirty-first amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
restore tho word "three" to the bill; and m lino
seven on page 13 of the bill, strike out the words
" and liltyand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with tho following amendment,:
in lieu of the words stricken out by said amend-
ment, insert, the words "and twenty-live;' and tho
Senate agree to the same. , ,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho thirty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tho same with tho following amendment: m
lieu of the words inserted by siid amendment, insert
the foil owing words, "six hundred and twonty-five;
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their forty-second
amendment, and agreo to the amendment of the
House to said amendment.
That, tho HouhC recede from thcirdisagrccmentto
tho lilty-eighth amend men t of tho Senate, and agree
to the same with the loilo.ving amendment: m lieu
of tho words 6tricl;en out by said amendment, insert
the following words : " Provided, That this appro-
priation "hall continue available until JuneJO, lo<o;
and the Sena to agree to the &atnc.
That tho Senate reccdo from their disagreement
to tho several amendments of the House to tho
eleventh, twenty-fourth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth,
iorty-fir^t, forty-third, iorty-sixtb, forty-ninth, and
fiiti oth amendments of the Senate, and agree to tho
same,
Mr. GARFiELD, of Ohio. I call the par-
ticular attention of the House to the portion
of the report which is about to be read, as it
was the subject of chief disagreement between
the two Houses.
The Clerk read the following:
That the House recede from their amendment to
the sixty-fourth amendment of the Sonato, anil
agree to tho same with an amendment, as follows:
substitute m lieu of said Somite amendment tho
following : That the Secretary of tho Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
Pay to the lawful owners, or their legal repre-
sentatives, of all cotton seized after tho 30th day
of Juno, 1865, by the agents of the Government
unlawfully and in violation of their instructions,
the net proceeds, without interest, of tho sales of
said cotton actually paid into tho Treasury of tho
United States: Provided, That tho receipt, thereof
shall be taken and received in full satisfaction
of all claims against tho United States for or
on account of tho seizure of said cotton. And a
sufficient sum for such payment is hereby appropri-
ated out of any money in tho Troasury not otherwise
appropriated: And provided further, That tho fore-
going provisions shall not apply to any claim now
pending before tho Court of Claims, nor to any
claim not filed in the Troasury Department within
six months after the passago of this act; and tho
sum of 820,000 is hereby appropriated for the pay-
ment of tho necessary expenses of defending tho
United States in respcct to claims for said proceeds,
to be expended under tho direction of the Secretary
of the Treasuryand tho Senate ngroo to the sarno.
CORNELIUS COLE,
J. L. ALCOltN,
Managers on the iiurt o f the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
LUKE P. POLAND,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the i)art of the House.
I concur in the recommendations of tho eou-
feroes except 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That will do.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the whole.
The Clerk read as follows :
I concur in the rccommondations of tho con-
ferees except to that in tho sixty-fourth amendment
of the Senate, to which I respectfully dissent.
JOHN SHERMAN.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 move that that part last
read be expunged.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was about to
arrest the reading of it, because 1 do not
believe that it makes any part of the report
whatever. A conferee may sign or may not
sign; but it makes no difference in this case,
because two names of the Semite conferees
are signed in full, making it a conference
report. It has passed the Serialo, and only
the action of the House is needed. I will say
in reference to the ehiel point, that the Senate
receded from the Morrill amendment and
agreed to the House amendment, with modi-
fications suggested by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and which have been heard in tlie
reading of the report. They consist first in
putting in afier "seized" the words "unlaw-
fully and ill violation of their instructions
second, in limiting the time within which
fclaims for this property may be filed; and
third, in appropriating $20,000 for the pay-
ment of necessary expenses of defending the
United States in respect to claims, &c. Unless
some gentleman wishes to ask a question I
will move the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN". I hope the House will not
be asked to act upon a report of a committee
of conference where so many amendments
have been in question without more full con-
sideration.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a parliamentary
inqniiy, and if is whether if a gentleman
chooses to piefix a lew remarks to his signa-
ture to the conference report, they are to go
into the Globe or be journalized ?
Mr. COX. 1 think we had better leave it
alone.
Mr. DICKEY. I make a parliamentary
inquiry. O.ie gentleman has signed the con-
ference report with qualifications. I wish to
know if that i.s to go into the Globe or to be
journalized?
Mr. SARGENT. The only difficulty about
the matter is that, it may be used us a prece-
dent, which ought not to be done.
The SPEAKER. Neither the House of
Representatives nor the Senate can have a
division of a conference report; it must be
accepted as a whole or rejected as a whole.
The Chair, therefore, thinks it is irregular for
any conferee to sign a report of a committee
of conference with a condition. It is his right
to sign it or to decline to sign it; but he has
no right to sign it with a qualification of his
signature. That is a right which the entire
House does not reserve to itself. The House
of Representatives does not reserve to itself
the right to receive a report of a committee
of conference with a condition. At the same
time, as this report has come from the Senate
without any objection on this ground, the Chair
hopes that no point will be made upon it here.
If it were a House member of the commit-
tee of conference who had undertaken to sign
this report with a qualification, the Chair would
feel like insisting upon the point. But as it
has been done by a senatorial conferee, the
Chair hopes that no further notice will be
taken of it-
Mr. HOLMAN. A conferee unquestion-
ably has a right to say why he cannot agree to
the whole or any portion of the report of the
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. That is not the point.
No conferec has the right in the report to say
why he does not agree to it or any part of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Itisnotsaid in the report.
It is merely attached to tho paper upon which
the report is written.
The SPEAKER. There is no precedent
whatever for any member of a conference
committee attaching to the paper on which
the report is written the'reason why he does
not sign it, or does not concur in any particu-
lar portion of it. He has the undoubted
right to state that reason in the body to which
he belongs as a member of that, body, but
he has no right to take to himself personally
a privilege which the entire House does not
possess. IIc must either assent to the repent
as a whole or dissent from it.
Mi. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It would be
manifestly improper for me, us one of the
conferees on the part of the House, to state to
the. Senate my objections to tho report of a
committee of conference. That ubjuction I
can state here in the House of which I am a
member.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was
there ever a parliamentary precedent for a
report ftora a minority of a committee of con-
ference?
Mr. DICKEY. You cannot stick a stump
speech in a conference report.
The SPEAKER. The report of a commit-
tee of conference must have the signatures of
two members ofeach branch assenting thereto;
that makes the report. The third member ef
either branch may or may not agree to the
report. If lie does not agree to it, he has the
right, in the body of which he is a member, to
state his reasons for his dissent. But ho has
no right to give his reasons for dissenting on
the report itself; he has no right to assent So
one portion of the report and dissent from
another portion, for Ihe reason that by so
doing he would take to himself what the aggre-
gate body of which he is a member has not the
light to do. The Chair explains this matter
only because, as was suggested, it might other-
wise be taken as a precedent. It is the un-
doubted right of a conferee to withhold his
assent, but, it must be withheld altogether.
Mr. HOLMAN. In this case, what the con-
feree has put upon the paper as'liis reason for
not signing the report i.s uo part of the report,.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has had as
long an experience in this House as the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. II'olman] has had.
But, it has never been within the knowledge
of the Chair that a conferee lias signed a report
agreeing lo a portion of it and disagreeing to
another portion of it.
Mr. PETERS. Is it anything more or less
than a mere speech?
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair considered
