774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
increasing the public debt in any manner." It
was a salutary prohibition preventing htm from
using the proceeds of these bonds for any other
purpose than funding an existing debt. It was
a declaration that in this loan we were not
borrowers, but were funding an existing debt
at a lower rate of interest, thereby strength-
ening our credit and relieving our burdens.
The, words of the statute thus construed carry
out the plain and palpable purpose for which
it was enacted, according to the plainest prin-
ciples of construction of law which have been
adhered to by every court which claims the
name of a court in the United States or in
Great Britain.
That is all, sir, I care to say in reference to
this part of the indictment, except to say that
the learned lawyers on the other side of the
House, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Bruk,] and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr.J deserted my distinguished friend from
New York, admitting that, it was absolutely
necessary for the Secretary of the Treasury
to put this construction on the aet if he car-
ried out its piov'isions, with the saving clause
of the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,J who said ho was authorized by
the act to carry out these provisions and in
the process temporarily to increase the public
debt, and lie thought only lie had been too
long in the process, and had in that way vio-
lated the provisions of the law. My fiiend is
answered by his friends on the other side, my
colleagues on the committee.
Mr. COX rose.
Mr. DAWKS. I cannot yield any portion
of my hour.
Mr. COX. I think you have mistaken the
position of my friend from Kentucky.
Mr. DAWKS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky says I have not.
Mr. COX. lie does not say all you did.
One more remark.
Mr. DAWKS. If you will not limit mo to
my hour.
Mr. COX. Of course not. Let me ask him,
what is a temporary increase of the public
debt? Js it for three months, or for what
other lime?
Mr. DAWKS. What is temporary? So far
as it is nceessary to carry out, all other provis-
ions of the law during the process of selling the
bonds and purchasing in the others as rapidly
as the good of the country and the require-
ments of the statute imposed on him that, work,
he has done his duly, ami fulfilled not only all
requirements of law but all exactions of duty
at his hand.
Tile next count iu the indictment is that he
has increased the expenses of funding this
debt, it is not claimed he has taken any
more of the public money uppropi ialed for
the expense than the law authorized him to
do. it is not claimed iu this regard he has
exceeded tho ono half of 0110 per cent, upon
the $200,000,000 in placing this loan. But
it is claimed that, by the machinery he used
to carry it out, those who availed themselves
of that machinery have themselves, as inci-
dents thereto, made more than this one half
of one per cent, out of the operation, and by
a sort of nan xequilur they say that because
these men have thereby made this money, it
follows that the Secretary lias paid that sum
out of the funds appropriated for expenditure
beyond the amount of one half of one percent.
It would be quite unnecessary to go bey ond the
bare statement of fact that it is admitted by
the accusers of the Secretary that he has taken
of the money set apart, which was onehalf of
one per cent, on $1,500,000,000 or $7,000,000,
only one hall of one per cent, on the $200,-
000.000, and I hat is all he has taken. That is
admitted. " \V by is it," they have said, "that
these men who took the bonds of the United
States through the machinery provided by
the laws of the United States, were enabled
so to work that machinery themselves in con-
formity with the law that they have realized a
profit therefrom beyond this one half of one
per cent.?" It is, sir, because the Secretary
of the Treasury permitted the proceeds of his
ยง200,000,000 of bonds to rest in the public
depositories of the United States until bylaw
he could appropriate them to the redemption
of the five-twenties.
The same statute which my distinguished
friend from New York has taken under his
special care, provides that the proceeds of these
bonds shall be appropriated to no other pur-
pose than the redemption of the five-twenties.
They do not, therefore, come into the general
Treasury. They canuot be used for the cur-
rent expenses; they cannot be used for the
redemption of any other bonds, or to pay any
indebtedness of the United States; but they
are sot apart for the sole purpose of redeeming
the five-twenties. The same statute also re-
quires that the Secretary shall give the holder
of the five-twenties three months' notice before
he shall compel him to surrender his bonds.
Now, take the steps which the law requires of
the Secretary: first, to sell five per cent,
bonds and take the cash therefor; next, to
give notice to the holder of the five-twenties
that in three months he must surrender his
bonds or lose his interest. Then it will
take him three months from the time he has
this money until the day when the bond is
redeemed before he can redeem that bond.
That is the statute as plain as language can
make it. Now, sir, what shall he do with this
$200,000,000? He cannot put it in the general
Treasury. He could not if ho tried. There is
not power enough in the Government to take
two hundred millions of gold and lock it liter-
ally in the Treasury of the United States here
in Washington. The whole business of the
country would be so convulsed that revolution
in trade would have overtaken and dissipated it
before it reached the Treasury of the United
States if he had attempted it,. A locking up or
attempt to lock up 310,000,000 iu the city of
New York produced "black Friday.'' Two hun-
dred millions iu no country in the world can be
taken in a single month out of the busiuess of
a country and locked up and held iu any finan-
cial treasury on the earth lor three months.
Jt was a literal impossibility for the Secretary
to do any such thing.
lias the Government, then, provided any
machinery by which he can get along with
this matter? He has but to look into the law,
and lie finds that though we established sub-
Treasuries in 1846 iu four or five principal
cities of the country, into which the moneys of
the United States would be locked up until
they were used, when the war came on we
wore obliged to use money by fifty millions at
a timo. When wo passed appropriation bills
here without a word and without their reading
at the desk which appropriated seventy-live or
one hundred million dollars, and these vast
sums were taken to different parts of the coun-
try in the exigencies of the war, we found
that somo machinery not at that time known
to financial circles must be adopted, or this
great work of handling large sums, up to that
time unknown in this country or any other,
must be created, and the nation which created
many other things for that very purpose cre-
ated it. It was accordingly enacted in the
national banking law that any of those banks,
or any number of those banks, which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury might designate for
that purpose should be a sub-Treasury of the
United States. And then it was discovered that
by some of this new machinery, the result of
new operations in business circles, and of new
appropriations ofmoney,the movement of large
sums of money could be made use of, without
disturbing the currents of trade in the United
Slates. Large sums ot fifty and a hundred
million dollars were placed in these new sub-
Treasuries all over the country. Availing
himself of these, instead of locking up this
money, he put it into these sub-Treasuries, or
rather left it there, for they were themselves
subscribers to the loan. The law tells him that
he shall take dollar for dollar of the United
States bonds as security before he leaves the
money in these sub-Treasuries. That he did.
The law says that after that he may prescribe
rules and regulations in reference to these
depositaries, and that he did. This is all there
is of it.
I now read from his report:
" It was also stated in the circular that as tho
bonds called should maturo deposits would be drawn
from the several banks proportionately."
That was the regulation which he published
to a list of one hundred and eighty-three
banks which I have here appointed as public
depositaries, and to whom he announced on
the 10th day of August, in a circular that I
have here, what I have read from his report.
That the Secretary construes as a "regula-
tion," in the language of the forty-fifth sec-
tion of the national bank act, just such a rule
or regulation as his predecessors adopted, for
they had negotiated through these banks all
the great loans which had gone before this
one, and through this machinery almost every
dollar of bonds of tbe United States had been
in precisely the same way negotiated in this
country and abroad. I have no doubt that
those who availed themselves of this adver-
tisement of his saw at once how through this
machinery of the law they could get some
profit out of the money which the United States
placed in these banks as public depositaries.
It, was for that purpose, that it might not be
abstracted from the currents of trade ; it was
for that very purpose that the machinery of
public depositaries in the national banks was
created. Otherwise, the money might as well
have been locked up in the sub-Treasury at
Boston or New York, or in the Treasury here
at Washington.
Mr. KElUi. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. DAWES. I did not interrupt my friend,
and I wish he would excuse me. What I shall
say will go for what it is worth. Of course, if
it is not sound I shall not convince my distin-
guished friend from Indiana. That 1 do not
misstate this, since my friend rises up there
with an anxious, doubting countenance, 1 will
read the law.
Mr. KEUR. If the gentleman will allow
me to state why I rose he will better under-
stand what I want.
Mr. DAWES. I am reading the statute.
Mr. KERR. But that is not what I want.
Mr. DAWES. I know that very well. The
enactments of law are the last things my friend
wants.
Mr. KEKli. You are not reading it for me,
and the statement you are making is mislead-
ing the House.
Mr. DAWES. The law is as follows:
"That all associations under this act, when des-
ignated for that purpose by tho Secretary of the
Treasury, shall bo depositories of public money,
except receipts from customs, under such regulations
as may bo prescribed by tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and they may also be employed as financial
agents of the Government, and they shall perform
ail such reasonable duties as depositories of publie
money and financial agents of the Government as
may bo required of them; and tho Secretary of the
Treasury shall require of the associations thus des-
ignated satisfactory security, by the deposit of
United States bonds and otherwise, for the safe-
keeping and prompt, payment of the public monoy
deposited with them, and for tho faithful perform-
ance of their duties as financial agents ot the Gov-
ernment."
This, then, is the existing law. Now, I have
before ine a notice of the Secretary of the2Sth
of February, in which is contained a list of the
banks that he designates as public depositaries
which he invites to act as agents for the per-
formance of this duty of negotiating the bonds.
On the 10th of August he issued his regula-
tion that the banks which had acted as pub-
lic depositaries should know that the whole
amount which is in one bank should not be
drawn out, and all the money left that is in
another bank; that they should know that a
uniform rale would be-adopted, and that it
