4358
THE C0NGK1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
June 7,
ting tip buildings, or any particular ■ thing
where a certain sum is appropriated, for it
cannot be possibly carried out unless you can
have the bill passed on the last day of the
year, and' have your accounts by telegraph
made up all over the United States, and then
make your appropriations. It cannot be done
unless you do that, and it ia not within the spirit
of the law.
Mr. CORBETT. When this law was en-
acted I remember distinctly inquiring of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who had
the appropriation bill in charge at that time,
■whether this restriction applied to public build-
ings, and I understood him to say at the time
that those were permanent appropriations, and
that it did not apply to those appropriations.
But it seems that it has been construed by the
Comptroller that it does apply to appropria-
tions for public buildings. Now, I desire to
state the difficulties and disadvantages of it.
Here is San Francisco at a great distance;
here is Oregon ; a public building in Oregon
is going on; they have just commenced their
work; they are late in my section of country
in getting to work in consequence of the late
rains. Consequently they have a large amount
of unexpended balance, and they cannot pro-
ceed with the work ; the 30th of June will
come around and the money will be covered
into the Treasury, and no provision made for
the prosecution of the work. It is impos-
sible for them, thirty days beforehand, to
inform the Secretary of the Treasury of the
amount of money that will be required and
the amount that will be covered into the
Treasury, considering the distance from the
seat of Government here of the various public
works that are in prosecution. It, seems to
me it is totally impossible to make these ap-
propriations except in the mode suggested by
the Senator from Vermont farthest from me,
[Mr. Morkua.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, as modified by the mover.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is an evident cler-
ical omission in the description of the act of
February 28, 1871, on page 6, line ninety-
aeven. The clause reads " for the expenses
which may be incurred in the enforcement of
the act of February 28, 1871." There are two
or three acts of that date. Therefore, 1 move
to amend by inserting after the word "act,"
in line ninety-seven, the words "relative to
the right of citizens to vote," so as to describe
the act to which this appropriation applies.
That ia the act intended; but the clause does
not name which of several acts of that date is
meant.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the clause be read
in connection.
The Chief Clerk read the clause as it would
stand if amended, as follows :
For defraying the expenses of the courts of the
United States, including the District of Columbia:
tor> jurors ami witnesses, and expenses of suits in
■which the United States are concerned, of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against tho United
States; for the safe-keeping of prisoners; and for
the exponses which may be incurred in the enforce-
ment of the act relative to the right of citizens to
vote of February 28, 1871, or any acts amendatory
thereof or supplementary thereto, $3,000,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. I donotunderstandthat
amendment, and I will thank the Clerk to read
it again, bo that we may see where it comes in
and what is the effect of it.
The Chief Clerk agaiu read the clause as
proposed to be amended.
Mr. COLE. This is only a description of
the act.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it "citizens" or "the
act" that is limited to the 28th of February,
1871?
Mr. COLE. That is the date of the act.
There are other acts of the same date. This
is inserted to describe the particular act meant.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to further amend
that same paragraph by inserting after the
words "three million" in line ninety-nine,
the words "two hundred thousand," so as to
read " $3,200,000; " and then to add after the
word "dollars" the words "of which sum
$200,000 shall be available for expenses
incurred during the present fiscal year."
I move this at the request of the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, who was
obliged to go out, and who placed in my hands
a letter addressed to himself from the Depart-
ment of Justice, signed by Mr. Bristow, the
Solicitor General and acting Attorney General,
stating that the expenses under that act in
enforcing the criminal jurisdiction of the courts
of the United States had exhausted or almost
exhausted the appropriation some time ago,
and that it was indispensable, to carry on the
Department of Justice and the administration
of the law under the courts, that this addi-
tional $200,000 should be provided, with per-
mission to make it available at this time. If
any Senator has any difficulty about this amend-
ment, I will cause the full letter to be read, but
if there be no objection to it I will not take
the time of the Senate in having the letter
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the amendment comes from a
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. It comes from the Judiciary
Committee, and we have had notice of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would like to ask the
chairman of the committee how this amount
of $3,200,000 compares with the appropria-
tion last year for the same general objects?
It seems to me an excessive amount.
Mr. COLE. 1 will gladly answer the ques-
tion when 1 send for the book of estimates,
which is not by me at the moment. I do not
remember exactly, and I would not like to
answer without having distinct information.
This amendment is reported, as is stated by
my colleague on the committee, by the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, and
notice of it was given to the Committee on
Appropriations a day or two ago, and it is in
the exact language prepared by liim. I sup-
pose he has full information on the subject.
At all events, he consulted me at the time he
proposed the amendment, and I hold it in my
hand in his own language.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not recollect any
explanation made in the Senate. There may
have been an explanation made privately in
the committee. Perhaps it i3 that to which
my colleague refers.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps we had better have
the letter read to which my colleague on the
committee referred, which I suppose he re-
ceived from the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary. That will explain it more
fully than 1 can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sure that the
appropriation last year for this purpose was
greater than this, but my attention has not
been called to the comparison, as this matter
was in charge of the honorable Senator from
Illinois
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. COLE. The appropriation last year
was $2,000,000, and there was a deficiency of
$1,000,000, as my colleague will probably
remember. So that this is precisely the same
amount, lacking the $2,000,000, that was used
for the present curient fiscal year, the amount
for the current fiscal year being $3,000,000, and
the amount asked for the coming fiscal year is
$3,000,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to know if this amendment proposed
by the Senator from Vermont is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICE R. What is the
point of order raised?
Mr. KELLOGG. The point of order is that
it is an additional appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; and it is in
pursuance of an estimate of the head of a
Department, and it has been reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and it is
not a private claim.
Mr. IvELLOGG. In regard to the amend-,
ment just passed, I suppose it is too late to
raise any point.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not this legislation?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is in order. It increases
the appropriation, bui comes from a standing
committee. It is legislation, but it applies
directly to an appropriation in the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I thought this morn-
ing the question was submitted to the vote of
the Senate in the case of an amendment based
on an estimate of the Department reported
from a standing committee. Now this is in
order without that! This morning I submit-
ted an amendment based on an estimate from
the Department backed by an opinion of the
Attorney General. It was offered from a
standing committee, and my friend from Ver-
mont insisted that it was out of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because it was a private
claim : that was the reason.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky can briug the question he
suggests before the Senate by appealing from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will not appeal. I
think the decision of the Chair is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is not
a private claim ; the estimate comes from the
head of a Department, and although, as the
Senator from Louisiana objects, it is legis-
lation, it makes legislative provisions which
directly relate to the appropriations contained
in the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I made no such objec-
tion as that of the Senator from Louisiana,
because, as I understand the matter, the addi-
tion of the $200,000 is not out of order, because
the whole sum of $3,200,000 undoubtedly re-
lates directly to an appropriation in the bill.
But if I understand my colleague correctly, he
-says that the sum of $3,200,000 for the items
included in the paragraph under discussion
does not greatly exceed the appropriation for
last year, or rather the expenditure for the
last year. I ask my colleague which he says?
Mr. COLE. I supposemy colleague refers
to the present current fiscal year when he
speaks of " last year."
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course that is what
I mean.
Mr. COLE. I will state again that the
appropriation in the regular bill last year was
$2,000,000 for this service, and the other day
in the deficiency bill we appropriated $1,000,-
000 more, as my colleague probably remem-
bers, which makes for the current fiscal year
$3,000,000. But now, $200,000 in addition is
asked for, making for the current fiscal year
$3,200,000 ; and the amount in this bill for
the next fiscal year, beginning on the 1st of
July, is $3,000,000. We thought it best to
increase the amount to $3,000,000 rather than
have $1,000,000 deficiency again or some sum
like that. That accounts for the amount of
$3,000,000. I have the laws before me, to
which I can refer my colleague if he needs
any further explanation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to detain
the Senate, but I ask my colleague, on what
account was the deficiency of $1,000,000 con-
tracted ?
Mr. COLE. I can read the items.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to hear
them in detail.
Mr. COLE. It is on account of the ex-
penses of innumerable suits of one kind and
another all over the United States. A large
portion, I suppose, was absorbed in suits in
the southern States. These items cover the
