1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
should be drawn proportionately as the bonds
mature from all the banks. That is all the
agreement. It worked so that the money
remained on deposit for three months, and it
had the effect that whatever profits the banks
could make out of this machinery of the law
they did make. They made it, not because
of the contracts which the Secretary made
with them, but the law of the land gave it to
them as an incident of their appointment as
public depositaries. The law that required
the purchase of bonds and the calling in of
the five-twenties in three months thereafter
inevitably produced this result, that three
months' interest upon the five-twenty bonds
would be lost to the United States, bccause the
gold coin was in one hand, and the other hand 1
was reached out after the bond. It took three ]
months to get hold of the bond, as the law pro- j
vided; in the meantime, the money lay idle to j
the Government in the Treasury. That was |
contemplated and understood by those who !
enacted the law of 14th of July, 1870. It ;
was declared that it would be unreasonable
to give less than three months' notice to the
holders of the bonds of the United States when
their interest should cease. The British con-
sols have one year's notice; we have given'
three months. Practically when the three
months had expired $17,000,000 of these bonds
were still outstanding ; and to-day $14,000,000
of these $100,000,000 of bonds are still out-
standing, and will probably never come into
the Treasury until the next coupons arg pre-
sented for payment. But that has nothing to
do with the arrangement of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
One moment further before I ask the ques-
tion, how came the Secretary of the Treasury
to enter into this arrangement? I have first to
inquire whether in all this there is the slight-
est iota of departure from the law of the land.
If there is, I want to know where it is. The
law requires of him to give three months'
notice to the holders of the five-twenty bonds,
and he could not give that notice beforehand,
because he could not know that when the
three months expired he would have any
money with which to meet it. He could not,
before he had got his "proceeds," purchase
his bonds without running the risk that when
he had got his bonds the money might fail to
come. That must have been seen by those j
who clothed him with the power and required !
him to fund this debt. Therefore he, as every j
other business man would do, has sought to
carry out the most difficult part of the law first,
namely, to negotiate his five per cent., bonds.
When he had done that, he called upon the
holders of the five-twenties to bringin theirfive-
twenty bonds at the earliest possible moment.
My friends on the other side have sought to
make out that he has overstepped that author-
ity by giving them, in addition to this three
months' interest, the odd days that intervened
between the day they subscribed in August
and the 1st day of September, when he made
this call.
Now, that requires us to look into the nature
of the proceeding. I admit that the call of
the 10th of August intimates that at the begin-
ning of the next month and ai tbe beginning
of each subsequent mouth he will call in an
amount of five-twenty bonds corresponding to
the amount which had been subscribed in that
month. That is what is stated on the 10th of
August; that was the condition of things on
that day. He states here in his report that
the subscriptions to the five por cent, loan had
reached sixty-five million dollars or there-
abouts in this country, and there had stopped ;
it had come to an end. He sought to carry
out the provisions which were contemplated
when the bill was passed; to seek a market
abroad, and lo avail himself of the credit ot
the United States in foreign countries. There
came to him this offer from those whom gen-
tlemen call the syndicate. I do not know what
it is, nor do I care. There came to him an
offer from bankers abroad. What was that
offer? It was that they would take of the
United States loan $5,000,000 each month
until April, if they could have the privilege in
April of taking the balance or not as they
pleased. He tells you that he modified that
proposition, and finally entered into an agree-
ment with them to this effect: that, first of all,
there should be reserved of the five per cent,
bonds remaining $50,000,000 to the people
of this country, which, in addition to the
$65,000,000 that had been taken, would make
$115,000,000 of the $200,000,000 of that loan ;
then they might have the privilege of sub- ;
scribing $5,000,000 a month until the 1st of i
April; and then to take the rest if they wanted. !
He says he provided that all this should be j
done through the national banks of the United I
States, that he would know no foreigner, no |
foreign banking-house or banking institution.
My friends on the other side have ignored
that; yet there it is in the Secretary's state-
ment :
It was also agreed that the subscriptions should
al I be made through national banks, and certificates
of deposit therefor issued by said banks to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, bonds to be lodged with the
Treasurer of the United States for the amount of
the deposit."
And when my friend from New York, who
seemed to care more about his philological
researches into the origin of the word "syndic-
ate," &c., than about the real merits of the
case, was in the committee-room with the
Secretary of the Treasury, the first question he
put to the Secretary was, "Pray, what is a
syndicate?" The Secretary replied, "I do
not know anything about the syndicate; I
know no one in this transaction but the First
National Bank of the city of Washington.
That bank, whoever stands behind, has sub-
scribed every dollar of this loan that was not
before taken by the banks of the United States.
I do not doubt," said the Secretary, "that
there were men at home and abroad who stood
behind that bank and said to it, ' We will take
portions of this loan off your hands; we will
distribute it among our customers; we will
negotiate it for you.' But this bank was the
only party that dealt with the Government of
the United States." And my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] when he made his
speech complaining that the Secretary had
violated the law by using the banks abroad,
which could not be called national banks, and
could not be made depositories, had two lists
of subscriptions footing up the entire amount;
and it was the First National Bank of the city
of Washington that took this whole sum of
one hundred and seventeen millions.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to say right here that
we had a list showing that not one dollar of that
one hundred and seventeen millions was ever
deposited in the First National Bank of Wash-
ington or any other bank, and all the public
records show it. I ask the gentleman whether
that is not true? I have here the official
paper.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, we called for
a statement of the deposits in the national
banks of the United States, and the Secretary of
the Treasury gave the deposits of the current
funds of the United States in the several
banks. This matter of the loan, being sepa-
rate and distinct, was reported to us in another
form and another list,; it did not enter into
the inquiry concerning the deposits of the cur-
rent funds of the United States—the funds
used every day—amounting to about fifteen
million dollars, which were scattered all over
the United States, and had no reference what-
ever to the matter of this loan. My friends
on the other side have got this list ot deposits
of current funds, and they say they do not find
in it this one hundred and seventeen millions.
They do not find it there because it was put in
another list.
Mr. BECK. Does not the chairman of the
committee know that the money never left
London? Let him say he does not know
that it never left London. We know it never
left there. There are men on this floor who
kuow that the money was never in that bank.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I speak of
factsas they appeared before the committee. I
will have no dispute with my friend about
what he knows and I do not know. I know
this 
Mr. KERR, It was never stated before the
committee that this money was deposited with
these national banks, nor was there any evi-
dence before the committee" that it was so
deposited.
Mr. DAWES. I say, Mr. Speaker, that the
Secretary testified before the committee that
tbe banks which subscribed this money
were  
Mr. KERR. I am speaking of the syndic-
ate money.
Mr. DAWES. So am I.
Mr. KERR. I say it never was in these
national banks as a deposit of public money,
and that against it they never gave any secur-
ity to the Government.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for the protection of
the Chair in ray right to the floor. Mr. Speaker,
there was not a particle of evidence before the
committee to controvert what I now say, that
every one of these banks who subscribed this
money did it in gold certificates deposited in
the Treasury of the United States, backed up
by bonds of the United States, dollar for dol-
lar; and we have a list—the gentleman has
appended a copy of this list to his speech—in
which it appears that the First National Bank
of the District of Columbia subscribed gold
certificates to the amount of $117,000,000;
that the other banks subscribed some fourteen
million dollars; and that $64,000,000 had
been up to the 1st of September already
redeemed.
Now, sir, as I was about to say, on the 10th
of August what was the condition of things ?
The arrangement had been made that these
banks should subscribe $5,000,000 a month,
and corresponding with their subscription at
the beginning of every month the Secretary
announced on the 10th of August that he
would call in a corresponding amount of
bonds at the beginning of each month, and
this arrangement would, he supposed, con-
tinue till the 1st of April. But before the 1st
day of September, in the month of August,
after that 10th day of August, the whole sum
was subscribed. The whole sum having been
subscribed in one month instead of continuing
from month to month until April, the notice
he gave on the 10th of August became inop-
erative. In the light of the agreement they
had the right to take the whole of it at once,
but no one supposed they would. The First
National Bank of Washington subscribed what
had never been known in history before,
$85,000,000 within two days.
' Never before in the history of the country,
not even when the patriotism of the country
baekod up a subscription to the public fund,
when, as in this case, nothing but the offer of
interest and profit compelled men to make
subscriptions to the public fund, was it ever
known the faith of public men of this nation iu
its credit and resources was such as to induce
them to subscribe $200,000,000 in a single
mouth to the bonds of this nation. It was a
tribute from those who stand with their hands
on the public pulse_, and whose judgment of
money transactions is quite as good as that of
my distinguished friend from New York, not
only to the legality of ali these transactions,
but'to the ability and disposition of the nation
to meet its obligations. It was the judgment
of the financial world, at least, that the meas-
ures of the Secretary were in conformity with
law, for without that conformity the whole loan
was void. They have answered jhis accusa-
tion of the gentleman from New \ ork, and tfaft
