1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2567
four, five, six, seven, eigbt, nine, ten, eleven, four-
teen, fifteen, and sixteen, and agree to tbe Sfime.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to it
■with an oixxendmeat as follows:
After tho word "officer," insert "of the Post Office
Department."
I'bat the House recede from its disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
it with an amendment as follows:
In lines five and six strike out " for a sum exceed-
ing $5,OQ0 per annum."
That the Jlou^e recede from its disagreement to
the thirteenth amendment of tbe Senate, and agree
to it with amendments as follows:
In lino t£n strike out the word "nor" and insert
" and in case of new service not:" line eleven strike
out "he for new service" and insert "exceed S5.UOO
per annum line thirteen strike out " enter into "
and insert " execute;" linn fifteen add " and enter
upon the performance of tbe service to the satisfac-
tion of the PostmasterGencrallinenineteen, after
the word " Treasury," insert "for the use of the Post
Office Department;" line twenty strike out "and
seasonably entered into,4* and insert "executed and
the service entered upon."
ALEXANDER RAMSEY.
T. W. FTSKRY,
E. CASSERJLY,
Manager.* on the pait of the Senate.
J. F. FAUN'S WORTH,
GINERY TWICHELL,
J. M. CARROLL,
Maiio.gers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
legislative, etc , appropriation hill
Mr. COLE. Ivly colleague upon the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Stevenson,]
who is also on the committee of conference on
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, is confined to his room by illness,
and I am informed is unable to attend to busi-
ness. The Hon e branch of the committee
are desirous to have a meeting to-morrow. I
move, therefore, that the Senator from Ken-
tucky be excused from service upon the com-
mittee of conr'ei ence.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Sawyer
was appointed to fill ttie vacancy.
texas pacific railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By order of the
Senate to day is now assigned for the consid-
eration of bills from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No 724.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator will yield to me a single moment——
Mr. THUBliAN. When the bill is taken
up you can speak about what, you please.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, i only want
a single moment. I he Senator from Illi-
nois 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada insists on his motion.
Mr COTE. I should like 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield?
Mr. STEWART. I want my hill taken up.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under
stand my rights as one member of this body.
The Senator from Nevada moves to take up a
bill. That is the end of the motion. Have
1 not a light to speak in order upon that
mTheVICE PRESIDENT. After the Chair
has stated the motion, the Senator certainly
would have ihat right.
M-. CONKLING. So I supposed, and so
the Senator Irom Vermont has. I do not
think the Senator fiom Nevada can get a bill
up without allowing anybody to express an
opinion whether it should be taken up or not.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as the
Chair understands the motion of the Senator
from Nevada he will state it to the Senate,
and then it. will be subject to debate under the
limitation <>f the eleventh rule.
Mr STEWART. 1 move to proceed to the
co sider-i"0'  of Senate btil No. 724.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
" A bill (8. HaM)
supplementary to an act entitled An act to
incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Com- '
pany, and to aid in the construction of its ,
road, and for other purposes,' approved
March 3. 1871."
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the eleventh
rule debate on the meiilsof this bill is not in
order on the motion to take it up.
Mr. COLE, f think the most pressing busi-
ness now before the Senate is the deficiency
bill, which, as we are all aware, is nearly
completed, as we suppose, at all events. The
business of the Pacific Railroad Committee is
certainly not very pressing. Bills of that kind
generally receive the consideration ol the Sen-
ate without much danger of defeat, and very
generally whenever they are called up. Now,
1 think the Senate, the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad included, ought to consent to
the completion of the deficiency appropriation
bill. The question that was under considera-
tion a few minutes ago has been discussed
j probably about as much as it will be. It it
and conception of their duty in relation to
the bill now before the Senate, they should
take a retrospect of the past, and certainly
the amendment proposed by me as read by
the Senator from Illinois would leave a very
wrong impression upon the Senate. As well
might you read the passage in the Scripture,
"There is no God," and leave out. all the
rest of the connecting words, and claim that
the Scripture set forth that doctrine, as to
interpret the amendment proposed by me in
the manner in which it was interpreted by
the Senator from Illinois by reading one half
a sentence.
I am very anxious to have the business of
the Senate proceeded with. But while I am
i not the author of this proposition, 1 will say
! that the author is only second in legal ability
j to the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary
|! Committee, and I do not know but that if the
Senator knew who he was he would concede
^ ...in— ... - that he was of equal ability. The amendment
i goes over now, it will result in a reiteration Si merely goes on to state what shall not be with-
! of what was said upon it to-uay, and it will be Si in the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and
j the loss of so much time again. I wish the. '! then sets forth what sha.il be. It is in effect a
| Senator from Nevada, the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, would con-
sent to let his business lay aside informal^
until we may dispose of that bill or try it a
little longer.
Mr. STEWART. We laid aside our busi-
ness informally for a time to allow that bill to
be disposed of, and a discussion was started
that would last probably a week. So I think
it is perfectly hopeless to attempt to get
through with that bill. Now let us try and
see if we cannot do better with the business
of the Pacific Railroad Committee than the
Senator from California did with his bill.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to the fact, in illustration of his re-
mark about how easy it is to get up a bill of
the Pacific Railroad Committee, that this bill
was once taken up to be considered in the
morning hour, and I gave way to the Senator
fiom Illinois, [Mr. Tnt;MBt;i>i.,J who desired
to make a personal explanation, and since
that time it has been twice put, over by the
objection of the Senator from California, who
now seeks to put it aside again. As this day
has been specially assigned tor bills from that |
committee, this one having been reported
some six or eight weeks ago, 1 hope ho will
not again interpose an objection.
Mr. COLE. I will remind the Senator that
it was called up as soon as it was reported,
and when I had not had time to look at it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe
under the rules of the Senate every Senator
is to judge of the propriety and pertinency of
his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
remind the Senator from Vermont that he
always has excepted, when he has so stated,
this particular period of time which now oc-
curs ; that is, a'motion to take _up a bill, and
therefore the Chair must rule in accordance
with the eleventh rule, which states—and it is
about the only restrictive rule that there is
upon debate in the Senate—
"And m otions to take up or proceed to tbe consid-
eration of anv question shall he determined without
debate upon the merits of the question proposed to
be considered."
| That has been construed to mean, by former
| Presiding Officers, that if you could not debate
i the bill proposed to be considered, you could
j not debate another bill which was not proposed
i to be considered.
j Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
| will be entirely out of order for the Senate to
i take up this bill until they understand some
1 tiling about the amendment that, was proposed
! a few minutes ago on the deficiency b.ll, and
i which the Senator from Illinois read half
| thiough and mutilated it so that the Senate
I did not understand at ail what it meant. In
j order that they may have a clear conviction
statement that the Court of Claims shall have
no jurisdiction except in certain cases named ;
and yet the Senator fiom Illinois would have
the Senate believe 
Mr. SPBNCER. Notwithstanding the great
respect I have for the Senator from Vermont,
T must inquire whether this is in order or not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senaior from Alabama rise?
Mr. SPENCER. I iise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Alabama rise s to a question of order. The Sen-
ator from Vermont will please suspend his
remaiks until the question oi order is stated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the Sen-
ator state the question of order.
Mr. SPENCER. It is that the Senator is
out of order in debating the merits of a ques-
tion not before the Senate on a motion to take
up a bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit that
that is not a question of order. I am to be
myself tlie. judge whether I am debating the
merits of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
to the Senator from Vermont that on other
subjects unquestionably, by the usage of the
Senate, he would be the judge of the pertinency
of his remarks ; but the Chair also stated ;
Mr. MORUILL, of Vermont. I have said
all that 1 desire to say. [Laughter.]
The VIOf; PRES1DENf. This motion can-
not be debated on the merits of the matter
proposed to be considered. The question is
on the motion to take up the Texas Pacific
railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 72-1) supplementary
to an act entitled ,4An act to incorporate the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in
the construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871.
'lhe bill was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the committee will be read and
considered in their order.
'The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad was in line
eleven of section two, after the words bonds
aforesaid," to insert " and all or any portion
of the lands acquired by any arrangement or
purchase, or ierms of cousoiidjyioti with any
railroad company orcompmnes to whom grants
of lands may have been made or may here
after be made by any congressional, State, oi
territorial authority, or who may have pur-
chased the same previous to any such aiiange
ment or consolidation;" so as to make the
section read:
Stc. 2. That tbe said, the Texas and Southern
Pao'fio Railway Company shall have power and
authority to issuefor the construction and land bonus
