1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
If $5,000 is an adequate compensation for the
judge in Maine, then Congress does him foil
justice by appropriating that sum to him; and
if Congress should appropriate $20,000 to the
district judge in Nevada, the district judge in
Maine might, as a citizen, object to it, on the
ground that it was squandering the public
money, but he could not complain that it was
an act of injustice to him as a judge, it being
conceded that the salary voted to him is suf-
ficient.
Mr. HAMLIN. He does five times as much
work.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose he does. If
we pay him all that his services are worth,
it is not injustice to him that we pay another
judge too much.
Mr. President, I am in favor of what is
called the "horizontal salary" of district
judges. The true principle is this: where
ever we establish a district court we ought to
have a competent district judge, and we ought
to provide such salary as will secure such a
judge upon the ground of making compensa-
tion for his time, ability, and services. This
compensation should be suitable to the office
without regard to its present incumbent.
Some Senators have alluded to and lauded
the judge of the district in which they reside;
from which, it might be supposed that they were
actuated in voting this increase of salary by
motives of friendship to or admiration for the
present incumbent. I am not at all influenced
in that way. The judge of the district in which
I reside is not a friend of mine, and I am not
a friend of his. He thinks I am unfit to be a
Senator, and I think he is unfit to be a judge.
In court I pay him the deference due to the
office of judge, and he shows me the respect
due to a member of the bar; but out of court
neither recognizes the other. But, sir, I know
the amount of labor performed by him, the
number of cases he decides, the time spent by
him in holding court, and 1 know that $5,000
per annum is even less than a just compensa-
tion for his services, and I should hold myself
entirely unfit for a seat in this body if I were
capable of doing injustice to him because he
is not my friend, or because he is rny unre-
lenting and bitter enemy. By refusing to vote
a suitable salary to him I should be guilty of
doing toward him what I think he has often
done toward me—injustice. We ought to vote
a salary for the office, without regard to the
merits of the accidental present incumbent.
Five thousand dollars a year is not more
than proper compensation for the services of
any man fit to be a district judge. And with-
out providing an adequate salary you cannot
at all times secure the services of a competent
man ; except from the wealthy men of the
country, who might be willing to accept the
office without any salary whatever. Thiswould
be closing the door of preferment to the poor,
and surrendering the bench to the rich; which
I am opposed to, not only because being a poor
man 1 sympathize with that class, but because
such a policy would be anti-republican, and a
practical surreuder of the bench to the rich.
It does not seetn to me that there is any-
thing in the objection lhat some judges have
not as much work to do as others. That may
be the fact ; batit is not the faultof any judge.
If every judge decides all matters presented to
him promptly and correctly, that is enough.
That is all we demand of him as a judge.
Whether the judge in Maine is engaged in
court twelve months in tiie year, or the judge
in Nebraska or Nevada is occupied but one
month each year, is immaterial, because in
either ease the judge is required to abstain
from all other business pursuits. _
It would be improper for any judge to be a
speculator in the public lands, to be engaged
in commerce, ov to embark in any of the busi-
ness enterprises which yield pecuniary ad-
vantage. Wherever we have a district court,
whether in Maine or Nevada, we want a judge
possessing all the qualities, the learning, the
experience, the integrity, the moral worth
which a judge should possess. All these qual-
ifications should be possessed as fully by the
judge who is called upon to decide ten causes
as by the judge who may be compelled to
decide a thousand causes in a year.
Every American is justly proud of the
character and reputation of the judicial de-
partment of the Government, and we ought
to furnish to every court a judge possessing all
the qualifications and attainments required for
an intelligent and upright administration of
justice under our complicated system, which
embraces the law of nations, a construction
of the Constitution of the United States, to-
gether with admiralty, common law, equitable
and criminal jurisprudence. A judge who
decides ten causes each year on the Rocky
mountains ought to be able to bring to their
determination all the qualifications which fit
a judge to discharge his duties in any of our
sea-board districts. It might be inferred from
the objections which have been made in this
debate that it is wholly immaterial whether a
judge who decides a few causes only decides
them correctly or incorrectly, and whether in
those States where there is but little business
we have a good judge or a bad one.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I rose to ask the Senator to
yield in order that I might move to lay this
bill aside to proceed with another bill. I per-
ceive now that every Senator who is acquainted
with one of the district judges must set him-
self rectus in curia by giving a full exposition
of his obligation to that court in which he ex-
pects to practice hereafter, [laughter,] and
expects of course the usual favors of the court.
It seems we shall not get through with this
debate now for a week to come. I think this
bill had better be laid aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Wisconsin yield for that purpose?
Mr. CARPENTER. I will not yield for
that purpose, because I am not in favor of that
thing : but I will conclude what I have to say
in a very few minutes. I do not think the
rem&rk of the Senator from California will,
be considered as applying to me after what
I have said.
Mr. COLE. No.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not think he will
consider me as trying to save any causes in
the eastern district of Wisconsin. I am not;
but I am trying, so far as my voice and vote
go, lo do justice to the district judge in my
own district, without considering whether he
is my friend or enemy; trying to fix a salary
befitting the office, without regard to the merit
or demerit of the present incumbent.
It has been well said in this debate that true
economy requires the payment of adequate
compensation for all public services. The
officers of this Government, from the highest
to the lowest, are inadequately paid. Twenty-
five thousand dollars for the Chief Magistrate
of forty million people. Is not that magnifi-
cent!
Mr. COLE. I do hope my friend will not
enter into that discussion.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator from
California is anxious to have me conclude
soon, he had better let me alone, [laughter,]
because I shall get through sooner without his
interruptions. He is always ready to vote
after he has concluded one of his speeches ;
and when the Senate is ready to vote, he is
sure to speak, and he has declared that it is
perfectly proper upon this bill to discuss any
question pending either in or out of Congress.
Mr. COLE. I stated that it had been so
claimed by other Senators ; I do not admit it
myself.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that it was manifest that such line
of discussion was to be had upon this bill.
Mr. COLE. 1 say so now, but I do not say
it is proper.
Mr. CARPENTER. My remarks are in
order, and what our rules permit must be
regarded as proper.
In 1789 Congress fixed the salary of Presi-
dent Washington at $25,000, which I presume
was equal at that time to the income of the
wealthiest man in the country. Speaking rel-
atively, $100,000 would not be as handsome
a salary as $25,000 was at that time. Con-
sidering the style in which we all expect and
desire a President to live, the present salary is
mean and scandalous. So, through all, de-
partments of public service, the salaries paid
are no compensation for the services required.
Take a single instance. In our Court of
Claims causes are being constantly heard in-
volving from fifty thousand to a million dollars.
The Assistant Attorney General, in charge of
that department of the public service, receives
but $5,000 annual compensation. He is fre-
quently opposed by counsel who in a single
case receive fees ranging from ten to twenty-
five thousand dollars. The Government ought
to have in that court the best lawyer in the
United States.
I suppose the professional income of Mr.
O'Connor and of Mr. Evarts, of New York,
and that of Judge Curtis, of Boston, reach to
$50,000 a year each. And yet the causes
argued by all three of those counsel in a sin-
gle year do not involve so large an amount
as the causes managed in the Court of Claims
by an officer to whom you pay but $5,000.
Considered as mere matter of business saga- '
city and prudence, you ought to fix upon
that office a salary which would induce either
one of those lawyers to come to Washington
and accept and perform its duties.
There is not a shrewd business man in this
country who would act upon the principles
which you have adopted. The United States
refuses to pay such salary as would be con-
sidered a compensation for the services of the
first lawyer in any considerable city of the
Union; and yet t,o whomsoever will accept
the office for $5,000 per annum, it annually
commits the management of causes involving
a larger amount than is involved in the causes
tried by any ten of the best lawyers in the
United States in the same time. If anyone
thinks this business wisdom, 1 dissent.
Suppose any sagacious business man had an
important cause and needed the services of a
lawyer, would he advertise and receive pro-
posals from all the lawyers in the United
States, to ascertain who would argue his
cause for the smallest fee? Yet that is pre-
cisely what you do. In substance you adver-
tise that you will pay $5,000 to a lawyer who
will conduct all your causes in the Court of
Claims for one year; a sum which you know
will not command the services of even third-
rate lawyers in the United States. I know
nothing of the qualifications of the present
incumbent of that office. He is a gentleman,
and, I doubt not, a man of integrity, possess-
ing the proper zeal for the public goou, and I
doubt not as efficient and able a man as can
be secured for the salary you pay.
I am discussing a system, and not referring
to individuals ; and what I say is that the sal-
ary you offer to pay as compensation for service
in" this most responsible place is not more
than one fifth of what you know the best law-
yers in the country can command for their
services. You thereby, in practical effect, de-
clare that you will not have your causes con-
ducted by the be&t lawyers in the country, but
that you will commit your causes to the man
agenient of a lawyer who will accept the trust
and perform the service for one fifth of the
compensation annually realized by the best
lawyers of the country.
The judges i" the Court of Claims are able
and upright men, jealous of the public inter-
est; but every court must pass upon causes as
the bar present them. And it is my belief
