1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong.... 2d-Bess.
connect with overland mail from California, to
San Antonio.
From Burnet, via Bluftori, Sluno Town, and
German Settlement, !o Fort Mason.
From Liberty to Cold Springs, on the west
side of Trinity river.
From La Grange to Lockhart.
From San Antonio to Friotown.
From Victoria to Texaria.
From San Antonio to Bandera.
From Lampasas to Brownwood.
From Longview, via Gilmer, Simpsonville,
Wini-borougli, and Brigbt Star, to Sulphur
Spiings.
From Sulphur Springs via Emery and Jor-
dan Saline, to Canton.
From Canton to Athens.
From Montague to Jacksboro'.
From Greenville, via Humboldt, Ashland,
and Pecan, to Cooper.
From Jefferson, via Pittsburg, to Bright
Star.
From Hallsville. via Flanigan's Mills, Har-
mony Hill, and Beckville, to Carthage.
From Mount Pleasant, via Dabb's Bridge,
Sulphur Bluff, Charleston, Cooper, and Ben
FtauUin, to Honey Grove.
From Cooper, via Pecan Branch and Com-
merce, to Greenville.
From Sherman, via Preston, Georgetown,
Cedar Springs, Bourlands, and Bason Springs,
to Sherman.
From Livingston, via Moscow, to Homer.
From Livingston, via Coiila, to Sumpter.
tennessee.
From Livingston, \ia Sweet Gum Plains,
ard Fox Springs, to Celina.
Ftom Walnut, Valley to Filimore.
Fiom Union Depot to Whitesiore.
From Jonesboro to Horse Creek Camp
Giound.
From Freedom to Washington College.
From Jackson to Wellwood.
From Miicoii, viaOaklaud and Hickoryville,
to Wythe Depot.
From Memphis, via Cuba, Mount Zion, to
Poi tersville.
From 1 renton, via Brazil, to Easton.
From Humboldt to Brazil.
From Mossy Creek to Rutledge.
From Cross Plains, via Fountain Head and
Epperson Spnngs, to Lafayeite.
Fiom Breutwood, via Owens Cross-Roads,
Rock Hill, and Patensville, to Hurt's Cross-
Roads.
From Mitchelsville to Springfield.
utah.
From Ophir, via Camp Floyd, to Fairfield.
From Faiiiield to Eureka.
Fiom Eureka to Payson.
From American Fork City to Forest City.
From Salt Lake City to Silver Lake.
vermont.
From Windsor to Cornish Flat, in New
Hampshire.
From Greensboro, via East Craftsbury and
Crafisbury, to Norih Craftsbury.
From South Hard wick to North Craftsbury.
From Whiting Station, via Sudbury and
Hubbardtown, to Castleton.
Ft oni Cabot to Walden.
From Biadlord to West Corinth.
Fiom Corinth to East Corinth.
From Norrisville to Danville.
From Barksdale Depot, via Hall's Cross-
Roads, to Spring Garden.
Fiom Woll-Trap to Omega.
From Danville, via 11,ill's Cross-Roads and
Spnng Garden, io Riue\ille.
Ftom (il.ideville to Grundy.
From Mangobiek to liano\er Court-House.
From King George Court-House to Shiloh.
| From Shiloh, via Paine's Store, Rock
] Springs, Leedstown, to Faneswood.
From Miller's Tavern, via Enterprise, Faw-
cette, and Mount Zion, to Tappahantiock.
From Hampstead to Fair Haven.
From Sieveuville, via Wright and Lips-
combe's Store, to King and Queen Court-
House.
From Nottoway Court-House, via Saint
Mark's Church and Marshall's Store, to Oiive
Branch Church.
From Guilford to Gum Springs.
From Lynchburg City to Bigbee's Shop.
From Thaxton's, via Coonesville and Sandy
Ford, to Stewartsville.
west virginia.
From Buckhannon, via Valentine, Hinkle's
Mill, Mary Halls, Robert Talbotts' Store, and
Witmoth's Store, to Bealington.
From Rathboue, via Richardsouville and
Lynch's Mills, to Arnoldsburg.
From Castle, via Forks, Johns Creek, Cro-
siers, and Peck's Mills, to Union.
From Sweet Springs to Simmonsville.
From Mouse's via Hinkies Mills, Maltons,
and Dunkle's, to Franklin.
From Fountain City to Arcadia.
From Perryville to John D. Payne's, on
Bradshaw creek.
wisconsin".
From Menominee to Sheridan.
From Reedsburg to Wotiewac.
From De Fovestvilie Station to Norway
ij Grove.
1 From Chippewa Falls to Flambeau Farm.
From Viroqua, via Newton, to La Crosse.
From Toma, via Ontario and Bloomingdale,
to Viroqua.
Prom Prairie du Sac to Merrimac.
FromPotosito Cassville.
From Baldwin's Mills to Little Wolf.
From Berlin, via Harrisville, io Neshkoro.
FromNew Richmond to St. Cioix i'alls.
From Montfort to Muscoda.
FVom Chippewa Falls, via Penoka Range,
to Ashland.
From Madison to Lake View.
wyoming.
From Fort Bridger to Pine Grove.
washington.
From Seattle to Bensonville.
From Aloutezano to Liberly.
E'rom Whatcom to Semiahmoo.
F"rom the Dalies, via Columbus, to Golden
Dale.
F'rom Delta, via Pinawawa and Colfax, to
Spokane Bridge.
From Snohomish City, via mouth of Sno-
qualmie river,'to Stioqualmie.
Approved, May 1-1, 1872.
Chap. CLX.—An Act to establish the Pay of
the Enlisted Men of the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj America in
Congress assembled, That from and alter the
first day of J ul}, eighteen hundred and seventy
two, the monthly pay of" the following enlisted
men of the Army shall, during their first term
ot enlistment, be as follows, with the coiniu-
! gent additions thereto hereinafter provided:
Sergeant majors of cavalry, artillery, and
infantry, twenty-three dollars.
Quartermaster sergeants of cavalry, artil-
lery, and infantry, twenty-three dollars.
Chief trumpeters of cavahy, twenty-two
dollars.
Principal musicians ofartiiiery and infantry,
twenty-two dollars.
Saddler sergeants of cavalry, twenty-two
dol iars.
I°irst sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and
inlantry, twenty-two dollars.
Sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and infantry,
seventeen dollars.
Corporals of cavalry and light artillery,
fifteen dollars.
Corporala of artillery and infantry, fifteen ,
dollars.
Saddlers of cavalry, fifteen dollars.
Blacksmiths and farriers of cavalrv, fifteen
dollars.
Trumpeters of cavalry, thirteen dollars.
Musicians of artillery and infantry, thirteen
dollars.
Privates of cavalry, artillery, and infantry,
thirteen dollars.
Hospital stewards', first class, thirty dollars.
Hospital stewards, second class, twenty-
two dollars.
Hospital stewards, third class, twenty dol-
lars.
Ordnance sergeants of posts, thirty-four
dollars.
Sergeant majors of engineers, thirty-six
dollars.
Quartermaster sergeants of engineers, thirty-
six dollars.
Sergeants of engineers and ordnance, thirty-
four dollars.
Corporals of engineers and ordnance,
twenty dollars.
Musicians of engineers, thirteen dollars.
Privates (first class) of engineers and ord-
nance, seventeen dollars.
Privates (second c'a^s) of engineers and
ordnance, thirteen dollars.
Sec. 2. That to the rates of pay above
established one dollar per month shall be
added for the third year of enlistment, one
dollar more per month for the fourth year,
and one dollar more per month for the fifth
year, making in all three dollars' increase per
month for the last year of the first enlistment
of each enlisted man named in the first sec-
tion of this act. But this increase shall be
considered as retained pay, and shall not be
paid to the soldier until his discharge from
the service, and shall be forfeited unless he
shall have served honestly and faithfully to
the date of discharge. And all former laws
concerning retained pay for privates of the
Army are hereby rescinded.
Sec. 3. That all the en listed men enumerated
in i he first section of this act who have re-
enlisted or who shall hereafter re-enlist under
the provisions of the act of August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, shall be paid
at the rates allowed in the second section of
this act to those serving in the fifth year of
their first enlistment: Provided, That one
dollar per month shall be retained from the
pay of the re-enlisted men, of whatever grade,
named in the first section of this act, during
the whole period of their re-enlistment, to be
paid to the soldier on his discharge, but to be
foifeited unless he shall have served honestly
and faithfully to the date of discharge.
Sec. 4. That enlisted men, now m the ser-
vice, shall receive the rates of pay established
in this act according to the length of their ser-
vice, and nothing contained in this act shall
be construed as affecting the additional monthly
pay allowed for re eulistments by the act of
August fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four.
Approved, May 15, 1872.
Chap. CLXI.—An Act to establish a System
of Deposits, to prevent Desertion, and ele-
vate the condition of the Rank and File of
the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
reientutieesoftke United States of America in.
Cungi ess assembled, That any enlisted man of
the A troy may deposit his savings, in sums of
not less than five dollars, with any Army pay-
master, who shall furnish him a deposit- book,
