256.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Authorized by the eleventh section of said act of
Incorporation, for such amounts as said company
may deem needful to provide for the construction
ana equipment of its line, and to include in the
mortgage or mortgages to secure said construction
"bonds, all or any portion of the lands granted in aid
of the construction of said railroad; and in the mort-
gage or mortgages to secure said land bonds, any
portion of said lands not so used to secure the con-
struction bonds aforesaid; and all or any portion
of the lands acquired by any arrangement or pur-
chase, or terms of consolidation with any railroad
company or companies to whom grants ot lauds may
have been made or may hereafter be made by any
congressional, State, or territorial authority, or who
may have purchased the same previous to any such
arrangement or consolidation; but the amount of
said land bonds shall not exceed $2 50 per acre for all
lands covered by the mortgage or mortgages secur-
ing the same.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It might be argued (as
it sometimes lias been) on the face of this
amendment, that this was an authority to this
line to make acquirements, and arrangements
of purchase and of consolidation with other
companies. That, is a power which never
ought to be conferred in advance until we
know what it may be. 1 therefore move to
amend the amendment by inserting, after the
-word "consolidation," in the thirteenth line,
the words " lawfully authorized;" so us to
Tead :
Acquired by any arrangement or purchase, by
terms of consolidation, lawfully authorized, with
any railroad company or companies, &c.
So that this .shall not.be an implied authority
to make such arrangements.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mon-
of Vermont, in the chair.) The Senator
will notice that line fouiteen expressly confers
that authority, apparently.
Mr. EDMUNDS I do not see that in the
fourteenth line.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, addressed the
Senate in remarks which will appear 111 the
Appendix.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the immediate
question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The pend-
ing question is an amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont to the amendment pro-
posed by the Coirimitt.ee 011 the Pacific Rail-
road, so that att additional amendment is not
in order at this time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I beg pardon.
Mr. THURMAN. If I understand the pur-
pose of the Senator from Texas it is one that I
sympathize with; but 1 submit tn him whether
there is not some danger of doing evil in try-
ing to dogood, unless hi-i amendment shall be
amended in some particulars. The amend-
ment is this:
Provided, That such lands only a.;- the company
shall have acquired equitable title to by the ex-
tension of its linn of road shall be included in any
mortgage tofeeeme the oou.siructioii bondb herein
authorized to bo issued.
This company is authorized to issue two
classes of bonds; one class called construc-
tion bonds, the other called land bonds. This
amendment proposes that its power to mort-
gage for the issue of const ruction bonds shall
not extend to any lands except such as it shall
have acquired an equitable title to by con-
structing a road in pursuance of its charter;
but providing that specially in regard to the
construction bonds might by implication con-
vey the idea that in regard to the land bonds
it might issue its mortgages lor them without
having constructed any part of its road at all.
It might carry that implication with it.
This is a very important subject, one that
has troubled me considerably, it was very
much discussed 011 the Notth Pacific bill, and
I tried to get the Senate to make it- very clear
in that case. But here is the difficulty: the
charter granted to the Texas Pacific railway,
like the charters granted to the Northern
Pacific and to the Union Pacific, provides that
that company shall have a grant, of the odd
sections of the public lands for so many miles
on either side of the located line of the road ;
it further provides that the company shall file
a map, showingthe location of the road, in the
Department of the Interior, and then the Sec-
retary shall withdraw from entry the lands for
twenty miles on either side of the road. The
moment that map is filed and that location is
approved, and the Secretary has withdrawn
from entry the land for the forty miles, that
moment the lands which are to belong to the
company become instantly known and desig-
nated, so far as they have been surveyed;
that is to say, they are the odd sections within
that distance. They are perfectly known.
There is a body of land that could be well
and pertinently described in any deed or
mortgage that the company might grant. The
question therefore is this, and it was the same
question that arose in regard to the Northern
Pacific road: has the company under the act
a right to mortgage that land thus designated
as land given to it and to make a title that
will override the rights of the United States,
although the road may never be made, or will
the right of the mortgagee simply be to have
such title as the company by the construction
of the road shall itself acquire ?
My own judgment about it is—and that was
the judgment, I think, of the Senate when the
question was debated on the Northern Pacific
railroad bill—that notwithstanding the lan-
guage was so broad that the company should
have power to mortgage the lands granted by
the act, nevertheless the mortgagee would take
those lands, if he took any title to them at all,
subject to the imperfection of the title of the
company; so that if the company should never
complete the road so as to get agrant of lands,
the mortgagee could'get none. For instance,
the company is to receive its lands as it makes
sections of twenty miles. When it has com-
pleted a section of twenty miles, theii it is to
receive patents for the lands lying opposite
that section of twenty miles, and it can get
patents 110 sooner. It can get no more, patents
until it completes another section of twenty
miles, and so on. The opinion of the Senate
seemed to lie that as the company could not
get any grant by patent of the land opposite
any section of road until that section was
completed, the mortgagee was subject to the
same imperfection of title and would have no
right to the land unless the company should
complete the section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This bill makes it very
doubtful in the way it is phrased.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 think it does make it
very doubtful, and therefore my sympathy is
with the Senator from Texas.
Mr. KDMUNDS. I have drawn an amend-
ment 011 that point.
Mr. THURMAN. I am glad the Senator
has, for I was going to try to draw one my-
self. The argument may be put with a great
deal of force thus, " Congress have seen fit to
put this land as a fund in the hands of a cor-
poration of your own creation to raise money
to build the road, you have authorized them
to issue these bonds and make this mortgage,
and put the bonds in market and get the money
of the purchasers of the bonds, and you have
trusted to a corporation to honestly expend
the money in building the road; and if the
corporation has not done it, that is the default
of your own creature, and the loss ought not
to fall upon us, the innocent purchasers of the
bonds." That argument is not without its
force. I think in a matter of this importance
we ought not to leave anything to obscurity.
I am glad, therefore, that the Senator from
Vermont has prepared an amendment. My
main purpose in rising now was to call the
attention of the Senator from Texas to the fact
that if his amendment were passed just as it is,
it might, carry the implication that in regard to
the laud bonds the company might go on and
make a good mortgage now without having a
foot of road.
While I am on this section, I should like to
inquire what is the necessity of changing the
name of this company?
Mr. SCOTT. The answer is this: the name
as it is now in the charter is " the Texas Pa-
cific Railroad Company," giving the idea that
it is a road confined to the limits of the State
of Texas, whereas the charter authorizes the
building of a road from the eastern boundary
of Texas to the Pacific ocean, and the change
that is now proposed is to convey an idea of
the practical extent of the road, " the Texas
and Pacific railroad.' '
Mr. THURMAN. "Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company " couldneverbe construed tobe
simply a road of Texas, as Texas does not go
to the Pacific, unless it was construed as mean-
ing that the people of Texas are very pacific
people, [laughter,] and, therefore, descriptive
of them.
Mr. SCOTT. It is not a question of legal
construction, but the impression produced on
the mind by the name itself,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; this charter is in-
tended to produce a legal impression.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, as I understand
the question now before the Senate, it is not
the one which the Senator from Ohio has just,
been discussing; it is not the question of
whether the mortgage authorized by the original
actor anything in this act would convey to the
mortgagees greater interests in the land than
had already been acquired by the company;
but the immediate question before the Senate
is upon the propriety of adopting the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
That amendment, as I remember it, is to insert"
in tfie thirteenth line of the second section the
words "lawfully authorized." The purpose
of the Senator from Vermont is in accordance
with the general tenor of this act, namely,
that it shall not authorize any other or greater
consolidation with other roads than is author-
ized by the original act. It was not the inten-
tion of the committee in agreeing to any
amendments that there should be authonzed
any other consolidation than that which was
authorized by the original act; and, confining
ourselves to the question which is before us, 1
see no objection to the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont,
as it only is intended to provide for consolida-
tions already lawfully authorized.
The other question it will be time enough
to discuss when the other amendment of the
Senator from Vermont is proposed which he
has suggested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall propose, when it
is the proper time, to amend by adding to the
end of the section these words:
And all such lands of every description shall be
subject to all limitations and conditions now by law
existing in leltition thereto; and this act shall not
be construed to revive, enlarge, extend, or create
any land grant whatever; and all such mortgages
shall be subject to all the conditions and limitations
by law existing in respect to such lauds.
This, if I have drawn it strong enough,
solves the doubt suggested by the Senator
from Ohio, and I presume the Senator from
Pennsylvania will have 110 objection to this.
I suppose he does not claim that we are under
cover of this little amendment granting any
new land or reviving any old land grant, but
only acting on the mere autonomy o! the com-
pany in exercising the powers we have already
granted. If that be so, there could probably
be no objection to this amendment; but it
will not come in properly except at the end of
the section, and therefore the question should
be taken first ou the amendment of the com-
mittee, as amended.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont permit me to call his attention to the
fact that at the close of the fifth section there
is this provision ?
But nothing in this act contained shall be so
construed as to authorize the grant of any addi-
tional lands, or subsidy of any nature or kind what-
soever, on the part of the Government of the United
States.
