3464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
In other words, we are extending, and vastly
extending, the powers of the Congress by
the passage of this bill. It will be remem-
bered that in the last Congress a hill was
brought in to incorporate an express company,
which was doing business, I suppose, or in-
tended to do business, between the several
Slates of this Union. It was objected to that
bill, and I thought very properly, that it was
a business that Congress at least ought not to
take in charge. Now, the only possible ex-
cuse that can be given here for such an act of
legislation as this is that this is a commercial
company, and in connection with other busi-
ness proposing to do business abroad.
Wei!, any mercantile house in New York
does business abroad. Mercantile houses in
New Yoik eiiy trade with China, with Japan,
with the" Mast Indies, with the countries of
Europe and Asia. They do not need acts of
incorporation of this sort for that purpose;
they get along just as well without it. So far
as any protection to be given by the Govern-
ment of the United States to its citizens trad-
ing with foreign countries is concerned, it
would be or ought to be given just as much
without such an act of incorporation as with it.
]n fact, it is an interference, and a decided
interference, it seems to tne, with the commer-
cial business of merchants in San Francisco,
of mt'ich.mts in New York, of merchants in
Philadelphia, who are to-day engaged in this
foreign tiade. It gives this company—if it
gives them anything—some superior right,
some superior ad\antage. And undoubtedly
we shall find if this bill is to pass that in
subsequent Congresses, and perhaps hereafter
in tiiis Congress, we will have applications
from other parties to be incorporated for the
purpose of carrying (in commerce with these
foreign nations. 1 know it, may be said that
it is very desirable to cultivate eomtneicial
relations with these countries. But this bill
contemplates thi't this company shall do busi-
ness abroad, thai it may in connection with its
business, " tinder the authority of the Govern-
ments of China, Japan, and of the other coun-
tries of Asia, engage in public works which
may be necessary to develop and increase the
business and commeice thereof, and to facil-
itate commerce between them and the United
States."
]n the last Congress there was a project
before the House, oi before some of its com-
mittees, to incorporate a monster company
for the purpose of doing business in Mexico.
We shall soon have applications to incor-
porate companies to do business in South
America, in Russia, in England, in the East
Indies. By and by, w« may have a proposition
to incorporate a monster commercial com-
pany for all the world.
Mr. PE L'EliS. Do be shoit, if yon please.
Mr. WILLARD. At the suggestion of my
friend from Maine [Mr. Pi;tki:s] I will be as
shoit as I can. I simply want to call the
attention of the House to the scope of this bill.
It seems to me that we aregoing very much too
far; that this company can accomplish all that it
ought to accomplish by an act of incorpora-
tion in the State of New York or iu any other
State.
Mr. PETERS. I have a word or two
of explanation which I think will satisfy
any member of the House. This bill in its
piesent form was not, before the House on
a foimer occasion, but, a bill was before the
House reported from the Committee on Com-
merce. i have endeavored to subject this bill
to every criticism made on the floor of the
House in the di bate upon that bill. In the
first place, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts behind me [Mr. Hoae] thought they
ought not to have any power to deal in real
estate; ! have stricken that provision out
of this biil The bill was killed before upon
the proposition that it appeared in a certain
see ion of the bill that they had banking
powers; 1 have stricken that from this bill.
Then the objection was made that they could
not be sued in the States; I have made this
company expressly suable in any State and
upon any notice that a court of competent
jurisdiction shall say is sufficient. Then it
was objected that there were some provisions
in the bill that would be in conflict with some
of the statutes of some of the States ; in this
bill it is expressly provided that the company
shall be amenable to all the statutes of all the
States.
Mr. HOAE. Where is the provision?
Mr. PETERS. It is substantially in the
last section of the bill.
Mr. WILLARD. They are made amen-
able wherever they are doing business.
Mr. PETE IIS. Well, if there is any place
where they are not doing business, they ought
not to be made amenable -there. The last
section of this bill is as follows :
That sniil company may be sued in nny State where
tlicy may do business, ami jurisdiction obtained by
such notice as any court of competent jurisdiction
in such State may order, and nothing heroin con-
tained shall be construed to grant exemption from
taxation in any State wherein said company may
do business, norshall this act be construed to author-
ize anything in conflict with the laws of any sucli
State.
In this bill there is no " cat under the meal."
A gentleman by the name of Rice, who was a
consul in Japan for seventeen years, and who
is a citizen of the State of Maine ; a gentleman
of my acquaintance, (and that, has given tne
iny connection with tilts bill;) a gentleman
known to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] who has been out to Japan and
knows something of his associations among
businessmen ; a man of fine business capacity,
who holds the confidence of that community,
finds that, the business of purchasing teas and
transferring them to this country has become
a monopoly in the hands of some German and
English houses, and he thinks that by acom-
bination of American capital lie can subvert
that business and get the possession of it under
our flag.
No subsidy is asked for this company. Bills
of a much more significant, character have
been passed by this House and Congress since
I have been here. The proposition is a very
simple one. These men ask to be allowed to
do business between this country and that, and
to do ittheie with permission of the local Gov-
ernment. We have been fast becoming the
friends of the people and mercantile com-
munity of Japan. Here is a chance for Amer-
ican enterprise. Will you let this business be
monopolized by German and English houses,
or will you let American citizens compete for
it and get it if they can? The constitutional
provision giving Congress power to "regulate
commeice with foteign nations and among the
several States" is sufficient, authority for the
passage of this bill. 'The Commiitee on the
Judiciary, as I understand, had no question
upon that point.
I wish to move an amendment in the first
section to provide that the corporators and
their successors shall be American citizens.
Mr. FINKIiLNBURG. The gentleman
states that he has tried to obviate all the
objections made to this bill when it was pje-
viotisly before the House.
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. One of the objec-
tions made was that it creates a perpetual
corporation.
Mr. PE I'ERS. I am perfectly willing that
'■perpptual" shall be struck out and "for
twenty years" inserted.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would never,
under any form of government, create a perpet-
ual corporation. I think it right that at cer-
tain intervals of time these questions should
be submitted to the judgment of the people.
Mr. PETERS. Let the term of incorpora-
tion be twenty yeais. If the company cannot
get rich in that time, let it be broken up.
[Laughter.]
Ou the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] I modify the amend-
ment I was about to offer, so as to lead,
" shall be citizens of the United States."
I wish to make but a single additional re-
mark, as the committee is mueli pressed with
other business in which gentlemen are inter-
ested. A charter from the State of New York
or the State of Maine will not answer the
purpose nearly so well. The people in that
country know that the English houses are in-
corporated by the British Patliameni, and that
the German houses are incorporated under
German acts. They have no idea of States.
They would have no confidence in a company
incorporated by State authority. Let us create
a company which shall be sanctioned by the
authority of the United States, and then see
whether our flag cannot get a foothold oil
those seas.
Mr. WILLARD. I know that other Gov-
ernments are very ready to create corpora-
tions of this sort; but the Government of the
United States is constructed on an entirely
different principle from nny other Govern-
ment. It exists for specific purposes; and
whether it be technically true or not that the
bill comes within that clause of the Constitu-
tion giving the Congress of Ihe United States
authority to " regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several Slates," the bill
is hostile to the entire spirit of the Constitution
in every particular. Jt proposes simply to
incorporate u body of men to do business in a
foreign country. That is the whole scopa of
the bill.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. IIoau] wants to offer an
amendment, after which I shall ask the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by adding
to the bill the following:
Provided, That said corporation shall bo subject
to such amendments of this act or such gcneiai laws
regulating their proceedings and liabilities as Con-
giess may prescribe, and that this act may be re-
pealed at the pleasure of Congress.
Mr. PETERS. There is no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. If there be
no objection, the amendment will be considered
as agreed to. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. IIOAR. Mr. Speaker, I believe in the
object of this hill; but I believe the Judiciary
Commiitee before making a precedent of this
character ought to very carefully guard the
public in one particular, and that is against
the establishment of corporations which may
acquire a false credit, a large credit, and whose
stockholders shall not be restrained, or whoso
officers shall not be restrained by any individ-
ual liabiliiy. A corpoi at ion of this kind may
get itself into debt $1,000,000. The corpor-
ators may divide that $l,000,000among them-
selves and fail, and no law will rea* li their
individual property. Knowing the character
of this corporation and the honest reputation
of the corporators, I do not insist that this
corporation shall wait until a general system
sliail be enacted by Congress. I will vote for
the bill, as the amendment reserves the right
to Congress at any time to complete such reg-
ulations hereafter.
Mr. PETERS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to submit an
amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to tho first section tho following;
That the stockholders of sa d company shall bo
jointly and severally liable for all tho debts and
contracts of said corporation as joiut partners
would be.
Mr. PETERS. I do not admit of that
amendment. 'There is no State in the Union
which cxacts such requirements. I insist on
my demand for the previous question.
Mr. WILLARD. I move that the bill bo
laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
48, noes 57.
