1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
Laws of the. United States.
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
United Status consul at Tien Tsin, China,
E>ba)I, fiom aud after the passage of this act,
be t.hirty-five hundred dollars; aud the laws
regula'iug the duties of salaried consuls shall
guvern said consul.
Aw'boved, May 17, 1S72.
Chap. CLXX —An Act to authorize tbe Con-
struction of certain Bridges across the Mis-
sissippi river, and to establish the same as
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, '1 hat it shall be lawful
for the Western Illinois Bridge Company, a
corporation existing under the laws of the
State of Missouri, to build a bridg<: across the
Mississippi river, at the city of Qaincy, Illi-
nois, for the purpose of crossing persons and j
property, such as are usually crossed on
wagon-bridges ; and also to lay on and over
said bridge railway tracks for tbe more perfect
connection of any railroads that are or shall
be constructed to the said riyer at or opposite
said point, and that, when constructed, all
persons and property as aforesaid, and also ail
trains of all roads terminating at said river, at
or opposite said point, shall be allowed to cross
said bii.ige for reasonable compensation, to
lie made to the owners of said bridge, under
the limitations and conditions hereinatterpro-
vided; and in case of any litigation or alleged
obstruction to the free navigation of said river,
the cause may be tiied before the district court
of the United S:a;es ol any State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches ;
aud that all railway companies desiring to use
the said bridge «hali have and be entitled to
i-ii tu! rights and privileges in the passage of
the same, and in the use of the machinery and
fixtures thereof, and of all the approaches
theieto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, upou bearing the allegations and
proofs of tbe parties, in case they shall not
agree.
S>LC. 2. That said bridge may, at the option
of the company building the same, be built,
either as a pivot drawbridge, or with unbroken
or continuous spans: Provided, That ift.be
said budge shall be made with unbroken or
continuous spans, it shall not be of less eleva-
tion, in any case, than fifty feet above high-
water mark, as understood at the point of
location, to the bottom chord of the bridge;
nor shall the spans of said bridge be less ihan
two hundred and fifty feet in length, and the
piers of said bridge shall be parallel with the
current of the river, aud tb^ main span shall
be over the main channel of the river, and not
less than tbree hundred feet m length; And
provided also, That if said bridge shall be con-
structed as a pivot drawbridge, the same shall
be constructed with a draw over the main
channel of the river at an accessible and navi-
gable point, and with spans o( not less than
one hundred and sixty feet in length, in the
clear, on each side of the central or pivot pier
of the draw ; and the next adjoining spans to
the draw shall not be less than two hundred
and til'iy feet, if the proper location of the
draw over the channel will admit spans of this
wittih between it and the shore, and said spans
shall not be less than thirty feet above low-
water mark, and not loss than ten feet-above
extreme high-water mark, measuring to the
bottom chord of the bridge, and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river: And provided also, That said
draw shall be opened promptly, upon reason-
able signal, for the passage oi the boats whose
construction shall not be such as to admit ol
their passage under the permanent spans ot
said bnugt', except when trams aie passing
over the same ; but in no case shall unneces-
sary delay occur in opening the said draw
during or after the passage of trains.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over tiie same of the mails, the troops,
and munitions of war of the United States,
than the rate per mile paid lor their transport-
ation over the railroads or public highways
leading to said bridge, and the United States
shall have the right of way for postal tele-
graph purposes across said bridge.
Sec. 4. That said company may execute a
mortgage upon said bridge, and issue bonds,
payable, principal and interest, in gold or
United States currency.
Seo. 5. That the right to alter or amend this
act, so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of said bridge, is hereby ex-
pressly reserved ; and the said bridge shall be
built under and subject to such regulations for
the security of the navigation of said river as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe; and the
said bridge shall be, at all times, so kept and
managed as to offer reasonable and proper
means for the passage of vessels.
Sec. G. That the plan and specifications,
with the necessary drawings of said bridge,
shall be submitted to the Secretary of War,
for his approval, and until he approve the
plan and location of said bridge it shall not be
built or commenced; and snould my change
be made in the plan of said bridge during the
progress of the work thereon such change shall
be subject to the approval of the Secretary of
War; and all changes in the construction or
any alteration of said bridge, that may be
directed Ht any time by Congress, shall be
tnade at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof.
Stic. 7. That the Warsaw and Alexandria
Budge Company, their successors and assigns,
a corporation existing under and by virtue of
tbe laws of the State of Missouri, be, and
is hereby, authorized to construct and main-
tain a bridge over the Mississippi river at and
between the ci>y of Warsaw, in Hancock
couuty, and State of Illinois, and the city of
Alexandria, ill Clark county, aud State of
Missouri; and the bridge authorized to be
built by this section is hereby declared to be
a post loute, aud shall have all the privileges
and be subject to all the terms, restrictions,
and requirements coiuauied in the foregoing
sections of this act: Provided, That the con-
struction of the bridge mentioned in this sec-
tion shall be commenced within eighteen
months from the passage of this act.
Approved, May 17, 1872.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act authorizing the Erec-
tion of a Public Building in Rockland,
Maine.
Be it enactedbythf Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates oj America in
(Jung reus assembled, lhat the Secretary of the
Treasury be, aud is hereby, authorized and
directed to purchase at private sale a lot ot
land situate in the city of liockland, Maine,
suitable for a site for a public building to ac-
commodate the custom-house, post office, and
any other offices of the General Government
in said city; and to erect thereon a budding
for the purposes aforesaid, the cost ot said
site and building being limited to fifty thou-
sand dollars, of which amount twenty-five
thousand dollars are hereby appropriated, to
be paid from any money in the 1 reusury not
otherwise appropriated: Provided,^ lhat no
money appropriated shall be expended until a
good title is obtained to the site aforesaid,
and the State of Maine shall cede jurisdiction
over the same to the United States, and shall
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site or the property of the United States
that may be thereon during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Approved, May 17, 1872.
Chap. CLXXTI.—An act making Appropri-
ations to supply Deficiencies in the Appro-
priations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and for
former years, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Sep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated for the
service of the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, or for the
period and purposes hereinafter expressed,
namely:
house of representatives.
For cartage for the House of Representa-
tives, three thousand dollars; and construct-
ive cartage shall not hereafter be paid for, •
but all articles delivered on the trip shall be
paid for as one load. And for a deficiency
in the appropriation for folding documents,
including pay of folders and material there-
for. thirty thousand dollars.
To pay the official reporters of the Globe in
each House the amount which the Comptroller
of the'freasuiy may find severally due them
for services duiing the sessions of the Forty-
Second Congress, under the eighteenth section
of the act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and for
other purposes," approved July twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
That the Speaker is hereby authorized to
employ a clerk, at a salary of eighteen hun-
dred dollars per annum, and no appointment
on the Doorkeeper's rolls shall be made to
take the place of the person hitherto detailed
as clerk to the Speaker, and from March first
to the close of this fiscal year, six hundred
dollars are hereby appropriated for hia salary.
sexate.
That the payment of mileage of Senators
for actual attendance at the session of the
Senate convened on the tenth day of May,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, by procla-
mation of the President, is hereby author-
ized.
For miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For labor, seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For furniture, three thousand six hundred
dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating
apparatus for fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, four hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of John C. Knowlton,
for service as messenger in the Senate dur-
ing the month of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, one hundred and twenty dollars.
To pay Rives and Bailey for complete sets
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
furnished to Senators who had not previously
received them, under the act of July fourth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, three thou-
sand and five dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses,
and carryalls, ten thousand dollars.
capitol police.
For captain of the police, two hundred and
eighty-eight dollars: for two lieutenants, at
