1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2569
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not hit the
point.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wished to call atten-
tion to the fact that there was a provision of
that kind, and further to suggest to him that
it may perhaps meet his views and be better
in accordance with the mode of proceeding to
take up the amendments reported by the com-
mittee so far as they shall not give rise to
additional amendments, and then take up the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said I did not propose
to offer it at this moment, because the question
is on the amendment of the committee, to
which this amendment does not properly be-
long.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Penn-
, sylvania has several amendments to offer which
have been agreed on by the committee, which
they have authorized him to offer, and if Sen-
ators will allow the bill to be perfected as far
as it can be, then further suggestions will
come in intelligently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should not wish to have
the Senate proceed on the idea that wc are
aiding to perfect the bill in the way the com-
mittee want it, and go for things with these
provisos in that we otherwise might not, and
then turu around and say, " We have got all the
amendments we want by your help, and now
we will not go for yours.1' I want to know
exactly the situation of this bill before we
agree to any amendment of any kind.
Mr. STEWART. We will not take any
snap judgment on anjbody.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to
the chairman of the committee that it might
facilitate the progress of this bill if it were
explained what it means, in what respects it
changes the original grants, what the neces-
sity of the present legislation is, in a general
wav of course; but, as it stands, it is pretty
difficult for the Senate, without any inform-
ation on the subject, to take up a bill relating
to bo large a subject as a Southern Pacific
railway and to understand it in all its provis-
ions at once without having the light which
may be supposed fairly to be reflected upon it
by the committee who have attended to the
whole subject.
Mr. STEWART. I will state to the Senator
from Maine that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania reported this bill, and he has considered
it perhaps more extensively than I have. I
would like to have him explain it.
Mr. SCOTT. In response to the request
of the Senator from Maine, I will call his
attention as briefly as I can to the successive
provisions of the bill.
The first section is the change of name, the
purpose of making which I have already stated
in response to a question put to me by the
Senator from Ohio. It is simply to take away
the impression of limited locality that is given
by the present name. I may say, while upon
that matter, that in the committee another
change has been agreed upon to the change
proposed in the printed bill. The bill as re-
ported and printed proposed to make the name
"The Texas and Southern Pacific Railway
Company." In view of the fact that there is
a Southern Pacific railway of California, it
was suggested that it might, lead to confusion
if the word " southern " was kept in this title,
and therefore I am authorized by the commit-
tee when the proper time shall arrive to pro-
pose an amendment which shall make the
name "The Texas and Pacific Railway Com-
pany."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That only changes the
present title by inserting the word " and."
Mr. SCOTT. That is all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there not the
word " southern " also ?
Mr. SCOTT. I have already stated that I
am authorized by the committee to move as
an amendment to strike out the word " south-
ern," for the reason I have given, that there
is a Southern Pacific railway of California,
and the objection was made that it might lead
to confusion.
The next amendment that is proposed is in
the second section, and in order to understand
the purpose to be accomplished by that amend-
ment, it will be necessary to refer to the elev-
enth section of the original act ofincorporation.
By the eleventh section of that act two kinds
of bonds were provided for : first, construction
bonds ; and second, land bonds. The com-
pany was authorized to secure the construc-
tion bonds by a mortgage "on all or any
portion of the franchises, road-bed, or track
of said railroad, and all the appurtenances
thereto belonging, when constructed, or in
the course of construction, from a point at or
near Marshall," &c. They were authorized
to secure the land bonds by mortgage on the
lands that were granted in aid of the construc-
tion of the road as is provided for in that act;
and second, on lands acquired by any arrange-
ment or purchase or terms of consolidation
with other roads.
The change which is proposed here is to
authorize the company to secure their con-
struction bonds by adding in the mortgage to
the franchises and corporate rights so many
of the lands as they may deem necessary for
the purpose of raising money to secure the
construction and equipment ot their road, the
idea being that it will be necessary to give
ample and large security to the persons who
will advance iheir money for the construction
of the road in the first instance. Having used
so many of the lands as they may deem neces-
sary to secure the money that may be advanced
for the construction of the road, they are then
authorized in the mortgage to secure the laud
bonds to mortgage that portion of the lands
which shall not be embraced in the construc-
tion mortgage. That is the effect of the sec-
ond section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me see if
I understand the Senator. By the original
charter all tho lands, the franchises, and the
road-bed were to be included in the mortgage
to secure the construction bonds.
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir. By the original char-
ter the construction mortgage whs to embrace
what I will read—I quote the words of the act:
" Construction bonds shall be secured by mortgage,
first, on all or any portion of the franchises, road-bed,
or track of said railroad, and all the appurtenances
thereto belonging."
But not by the lands. Now, this amend-
ment authorizes the company to add in that
mortgage to secure the construction bonds,
so many of the lands as they may deem neces-
sary for the purpose of raising the money.
Mr. MORTON. The object is to allow the
company to issue one bond in which both
classes of security shall be put, if they see
proper to do so.
Mr. SCOTT. That is the purpose of it.
Mr. MORTON. Not to require two bonds.
Mr. SCOTT. They are still authorized to
issue land bonds if they deem it necessary.
Mr. MORTON. But not necessarily,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My inquiry is,
are they not required by the original charier
to secure to the bondholders all the lands for
the construction of the road?
Mr. SCOTT. By the original charter they
are not authorized to secure to the construc-
tion bondholders any of the lands, but simply
the road-bed, franchises, and track of the road
and the appurtenances thereto belonging.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But they are
authorized to do two things: in the first place,
to issue a certain class of bonds called " con-
struction bonds" to be secured by the fran-
chises of the road, the road-bed, &c., and
afterward they are authorized to issue another
set of bonds to be secured by the lands, all
the lands. My point is that the original char-
ter required all the lands of the road to b?
secured for the purpose of the bonds, and now, j
if I understand the Senator from Pennsylva- I
nia, this amendment authorizes the company
to issue any amount of bonds and to secure
them by a mortgage, and include any portion
of the road-bed and any portion of the lan(ls.
Is not that so?
Mr. SCOUT. Not so. The present effect
of the amendment, if the committee under-
stand it rightly, is to add to the road-bed, fran-
chises, and appurtenances any portion of the
lands they see proper. As it stands at pres-
ent, to secure the construction bonds they are
authorized only to mortgage the road-bed,
franchises, and appurtenances, but 110 lands
whatever; and if the Senator will look further
at the eleventh section he will find this pro-
viso :
That the proceeds of the sales of the aforesaid
construction and land bonds shall be applied only
in the construction, operation, and equipment of
the contemplated railroad line.
The change, if I have not already made it
clear to the Senator, that is contemplated, is
simply this: they were originally authorized
to execute two mortgages, embracing in the
one for the construction of the road only the
road-bed, franchises, and appurtenances; in
the other the lands. By this bill they are author-
ized to add to that construction mortgage such
portion of the lands as they may deem neces-
sary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, looking
at the sentence where my honorable friend
terminated, in line ten, on page 3, the language
is:
Shall bo applied only for the purpose of securing
the construction, operation, ana equipment of the
contemplated railroad line—
My honorable friend stops there and shows
that the gross proceeds are to be devoted to
the construction of the line ; but read on :
under contracts with such parties, and on such terms
and conditions as said company may deem needful,
and for the further purpose ot purchase, consolida-
tion, completion, equipment, and operating other
roads.
Now, my inquiry is, is that contained in the
original charter, or is that another purpose
which is provided for in this amendment?
Mr. SCOTT. That is an additional pur-
pose for which the proceeds of these bonds
may be applied, as I understand the act. I
have already proceeded with the second sec-
tion, and the question now put by the Senator
from Maine is one embraced in the third sec-
tion, a question which f intended to take up
when I came to it; but as he has put the ques-
tion in anticipation, and I have already an-
swered it, it is not necessary that I should say
any more on that subject. It would authorize
the application of the proceeds of these bonds
to the completion and equipment of any of
the roads which they were originally author-
ized to consolidate with, and as there were
portions of those roads, as I believe has al-
ready been stated by the Senator from Texas,
that had land grants and were partially con-
structed, it would only authonze them to
apply the proceeds of any or all these lands
to the construction of those roads as well as
this main line.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania has no objection to being inter-
rupted, I should like to ask a question at this
point.
Mr. SCOTT. I have been called up for the
purpose of interrogation, and it is not dis-
agreeable to me at all.
Mr. THURMAN. Section eleven of the
charter, which I hold in my hand, is a very
curious thing. It provides for the issue of
•' two kinds of bonds secured by mortgage,
namely : first, construction bonds ; second,
land bonds." So far, these are simple names
given to the different kinds of bonds. Then
it providesthat these bonds may be secured in
a particular way:
Construction bonds shall be secured by mort-
gage, til'st, on all or any portion of tho franchises,
road-bed or track of said railroad, and all the
appurtenances thereto belonging-
It does not require that the mortgage shall
