1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1673
weighs nothing when gentlemen assert that
ihe supreme judges of their different States
receive the poor salary of §2,200 a year. I do
not know how it is throughout this great nation,
but in the district of country from which I come
no man could be had for any such price to pre-
side as a judge. Sir, no man is fit for a judge
in this country who does not make a sacrifice
of himself when he accepts a judicial position
at $5,000 a year.
And it is certainly no argument here that
because the judge ot a district in New York is
entitled to $5,000 a year a judge in Nevada
should be entitled to but half that sum. This
Government owes it to itself to supply the
wants of the people with that judicial knowl-
edge necessary for the administration of justice
and nothing less than the measure of that knowl-
edge is sufficient for the wants of the case. It
is, I say, a duty which the Government owes
to every district to which it may send a judge
to send a man of sufficient capacity to discharge
the duties of the office that devolve upon him.
Though it may have but forty thousand people,
as the State of Nevada has, a population but
little exceeding one of the counties in the
State that I represent, nevertheless if the Gov-
ernment sends a judicial officer there it should
send a man with a full measure of capacity to
administer justice to the people of that State,
and the numbers of the population have nothing
to do with the question of his capacity.
But, Mr. President, there is another want
in the national judicial system of this country,
and that is that chancery courts should be
established in this nation. More than a thou-
sand years ago Great Britain established courts
with separate chancery jurisdiction. It is a
want in this country to-day ; and I would not
only vote for the increase of the pay of the
judges now upon the bench, but I would vote
cheerfully, anxiously, and willingly to estab-
lish chancery courts in this country.
The United States district judge in the State
in which I live—-we have but one—is sitting
there continuously. In addition to the duties
heretofore imposed upon him, he now has
under his jurisdiction the administration of
the law under the enforcement act. When he
will ever discharge the duty I know not. I
believe he has some six hundred criminal
prosecutions now pending in the State of Mis-
sissippi. It will take, I presume, about two
days on an average to try each one of those
cases; some of them will consume a whole
week. He sits there day after day. The end
of his sitting in the trial of the causes now
before him will he measured by the time when
the witnesses and ihe persons prosecuted shall
pass to "that undiscovered country from whose
bourne no traveler returns." They never will
get through, and with the duties imposed upon
the court in the State of Mississippi, I say it
is now simply as the law stands a court of
perpetual injunction.
I reassert the fact that a United States
chancery court is necessary to the wants of
this nation. It is not every circuit judge well
qualified for his place who possesses knowl-
edge sufficient to enable him to discharge the
duties of a chancellor. It is a more intricate
portion of practice. It is one that should
belong to an officer devoted to that study and
to that practice and to the trial of those par-
ticular cases. It is an anomaly that a nation
like this, with forty million people, should^ be
without a national chancery court. I think
this is a want of the country, and upon some
future occasion, if nobody else does it, I shall
seek to enforce the idea that I have upon this
subject more at length.
I repeat, it is no answer to say because a
district judge is sent to a State or district with
but a sparse population he should not bo a
man ot capacity. In truth it is the more
necessary that he should be a man of capacity
for the reason that in the sparsely populated
districts lie is not confronted with a bar equal
to that which you will find in the more popu-
lous States, nor will he find libraries, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Georgia, equal to
the necessities of the case. Therefore a man
who is sent to one of the frontier States is
without lawyers, if you please, of sufficient
capacity to present the points properly before
him, and he is without a library, and hence it
is the more necessary that he should be a man
of some capacity within himself, of legal
knowledge within himself sufficient for the
administration of the law in a manner just to
the people and creditable to the nation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have now adopted
an amendment equalizing the salaries of the
district judges. 1 propose to add to that an
amendment that will equalize their duties. I
send to the Chair this amendment, to come in
at the end of the amendment which lias been
adopted:
And it shall be the duty of said district judges,
"without additional compensation, to hold district
and circuit courts in any district of the same circuit
in the United States when thereto requested by the
circuit judge of said circuit, and in any other cir-
cuit on the request of any justice of the Supreme
Court.
The law now authorizes the calling of a dis-
trict judge out of his district, and formerly
there was a provision for paying his expenses
when he was called to another district than
his own. That has been repealed, and the
judges have seemed to understand that there
was no obligation upon them to hold courts in
any other district than that for which they
were appointed. If the amendment which
I have offered should prevail, it will be
made their duty to hold courts in the other
districts when requested by the circuit judge.
This will equalize the duties of the district
judges and will supply the want which the
Senator from Mississippi complains of. We
have a number of district judges in the United
States who have very little to do, while we
have others who are occupied the entire year
round. If this provision passes it will bo made
the duty of the district judges, and I should
hope and presume that the circuit judges
would require or request that they go to the
districts which are crowded with business and
hold the courts there. It would be nothing
but right and proper that they should do so.
When we give them this general salary, put-
ting them all on the same basis as to salary,
let us put them all on the same basis as to
duties. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. HILL. Allow me to make one sug-
gestion to the Senator. It must necessarily
happen sometimes that the business of the
district court will not permit the district judge
to leave it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I presume the
circuit judge would not direct him to do it.
There is the answer to that.
Mr. HILL. Suppose you qualify the amend-
ment by saying "when the business of the
district court will permit him to do so."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who is going to decide
that except the circuit judge? He is the proper
person to decide it. It is in his own circuit.
He will decide whether it is proper to take
the district judge away or not.
Mr. HILL. I am not particular about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who is to decide when
you say "when the public business requires
it?"
Mr. HILL. The district judge will know
better than the circuit judge what is the busi-
ness of his court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It amounts to nothing
if it is left to the district judge. It is his duty
to go when called.
Mr. HILL. I do not care about it. I sup-
posed it would be the result of consultation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I would vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois to
increase the salaries of the judges of the Court
of Claims, but inasmuch as an amendment has
been added to that amendment increasing_tho
salaries of all the district judges of the United
States, I shall now be compelled to vote against
the amendment offered originally by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. I do not concur in the
views which have been expressed that the sal-
aries of all these judges should be fixed at an
equal rate, because the services rendered by
these judges are known not to be equal, as has
been admitted in this debate.
Neither do I concur in the views that have
been expressed in reference to those gentle-
men who are now employed at a less salary
than $5,000. I understood the Senator from
Wisconsin, now in the chair, to say that the
service of no fit man could be procured as a
district judge for less than $5,000, and such
was the view expressed by the Senator from
Mississippi. I differ in toto from that, be-
cause experience contradicts it. In the State
of Delaware very recently, Judge Hall, of that
district, who was appointed by President Mon-
roe and held the office for forty-five years, longer
than any Federal officer in this Union, never
received a salary above $3,500, and when he
went on the bench he received but $2,500, and
yet I take it upon mo to say that no gentle-
man who ever knew Judge Ha'll will deny that
he was fully qualified ior the position which
he occupied and held with such distinction and
honor. I say, therefore, that that remark is
unjust to gentlemen who are holding judicial
positions at less salaries than that.
So, again, in reference to judges of the State
courts. The judges of my own State have
been referred to. The chancellor of my State
and the chief justice of my State would do
honor to the bench of the Supreme Court of
the United States to-day. It is true, their sal-
aries are not commensurate with their ability,
their experience, and legal learning, and I
should be glad to see my Ssate increase those
salaries ; but the remark is unjust to gentle-
men who are to-day holding judicial positions
at salaries less than $5,000.
Now, sir, I shall not vote for this proposi-
tion, because it is an act of injustice to gentle-
men who are performing immense service while
in some of the judicial districts the duties arc
merely nominal. I shall not do it because, on
the other hand, it is paying in certain districts
gentlemen for their services more than they
are actually worth. There are judicial dis-
tricts in this country where the services ren-
dered by the judge are not worth $5,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that remedied
by the amendment which I have offered, if it
obtains, which requires those judges who have
little to do to go into other districts and hold
courts there on the request of the circuit judge?
Will not that equalize the duties?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer that
question. I have an objection to that last
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois. While it may in theory seem to equal-
ize the duties, it will not do it in practice, nor
do I believe it ought to do it in practice. For
instance, suppose you take the district judgo
from my State, where a maritime question very
rarely comes up, and require him to perform
duties in the city of New York, where questions
of that character come up, he is not compe-
tent, because that is not the class of duties
with which he has been familiar; and there
are various other duties which he might be
required to perform, but not being subjects
with which he is familiar, he is not the proper
man to preside in those courts.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator either
misunderstood what I said, or I said what I
did not intend to say. I did not intend to say
that a man fit to be a district judge could not
be found to take the office for less than $5,000,
because,I know a great many men fit for the
office who have held it for less. What I in-
