1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8465
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Air. PETERS. I have no objection to con-
sider pending the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. The motion is pending to
]ay on the t..ble, and I demand the regular
order.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
73, nays 54, not voting 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Auibler, Beatfv, Beck,
Bird* James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Bufiinton,
Campbell. Carroll. Cotton. Crobs, Critcher, Dar-
j-all, Davis, l)onnnn, Box. Finkclnburg, IlenrvD.
poster, Getz. Giddings, Griffith, Ilnldeman. Ilnn-
cock, Uandloy, Hanks, llaruior, Hay, Gerry W.
Jlazelton, John W. Jiazelton. Hereford, llerndon,
Hibbard, Holwan, Kendall. Kerr, Killinffer. King,
Munson, Marshall, MeOorinick. McGrow. Mclntyre,
McKee, MeNcoIy, Morriam, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Moyers, Morcy. Moigun, Pcrco. Eli Perry, Prico,
Randall, Ed\v rd Y. lticc, Ellis II. Roberts, Robin-
son, Shanks, Shoemaker, Sinter, John A. Smith,
Stevens. Storm, Strong, Terry. Thomns, Turner,
Tynor, Whitthorne, Wiiiard, Williams Iudiana,
end Young—73. ^
NAYS—Messrs. Barry, Bigby, Bingham, Boles.
Bueklev, Coghlnn, Coiningo, Coneer, Cox, Duel!,
Duke, Bunnell, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Goodrich, Harper, George E. Harris, John T.
Harris. llavens, llawley. Llonr, Kellev, Kellogg,
Lamport, Lynch, Moore, Morphia. Leonard Myers,
Negriey, Orr, Packard, Packer. Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Roger*. Sargent,
Sawyer, Seelcy, Shober, II. Boardinan Smith. Sna pp.
Thomas J. Speer, Sutherland, Talfe, Twichell, \V n-
den, Waldrou, Warren, Wheeler, and Jereuiiah M.
^Wilson—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Averill, Banks, Barber. Barnurn, Bell,
Bev«ndge. Biggs, Austin Blair, Brooks tturchurd.
Burden. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick 11. Butler,
Caldwell, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conner. Crecly,
Crociscr, Crossland, lJ.iwes l>c Laige, Dickey, Du
Bose. lSames, Eldrrdge. Elliott. Ely, Furnsworth,
Fiirwell. Forker, Garfield, (i.irreti, (Jolladay, Hale,
llaisey, UainMcton, Hays, Hill, iioopev, Houghton,
Kotchain, Kinsella. LxioUon, Lansing, Leaeh. Lewis,
Lowe, Maynard. McClelland, Me^r.iry, Mellemy,
MeJunkin. McKinn^y, Mercur, Mitchell, Monroe,
Miblack, JLfosea W. Parker, Aaron K Perry, Piatt,
Poland. Portcr. Potter, PrindK Itamey, Read,
John M. llice. Ritchie, William 11. Roberts, Roose-
velt, Kusk, Scotield, Sessions, Sheldon, bhella-
bargor, Sherwood, Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C.
Smith, Snyder. U. Milton Speer. Spraguo, otark-
■weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell. St. John.
Swsinn, Syphcr, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Tutbill, Up«on, Van Trump, Vani*han,
Voorhees* Waddell, Wakeman. Wallace, Walls,
"Wells, Whiteley, Williams ot New York, John 1.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—112.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN" moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVJSUSK KKPOftTS.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported adversely in the following
cases, and the same were laid upon the table,
namely:
A bill (EL R. No. 1506) to grant a certain
tract of land to the city of Shreveport, in the
State of Louisiana;
A bill (H. li. No. 2138) for the relief of C.
\V Hall *
A bill (H. R. No. 404) to pay for quarter-
master's and commissary stores, when pur-
chased and receipted for, withoutrequiring an
oath of past lojalty ;
A bill (EL U. No. 1025) to define the term
of civil offices; and •
The petition of F. Holliday, United States
commissioner for the southern district or
Ohio, praying the passage oi a law empowering
the United States commissioners to enforce the
collection of seamen's wages.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the adverse reports in those cases
were laid upon the tabic ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
plkasuhe-yaciit dllie.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lyscix] to report a bill from
the Committee on Commerce, provided it gives
rise to no debate.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Com-
merce, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2310) t.o change (lie
name of the pleasure-yacht Ellic, of Boston,
Massachusetts.
The bill was read. It gives authority to the
owner of the schooner Ellie, a pleasure-yacht
of the port of Boston, State of Massachusetts,
to change the name of said vessel to that
of Falcon, by which said pleasure-yacht shall
be hereafter known and registered.
'i he bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that ihe motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
II15NitY A. T. WOimi.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H- U. No. 2781) for
the relief of Henry A. T. Worth; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Henry A. T. Worth §200, out of any money in
the Tre'asury not otherwise appropiiated, for
services rendered as a first-class clerk in the
office of the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury,
from the 1st of May to the 1st of July, 1801),
and not otherwise paid for.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGIIAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bdl was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. OKDER or BUSINESS.
Mr. CONGER. If there be no business from
the Committee on the Judiciary, I ask uttaiu-
"mous consent to report the aerial telegraph
bill from the Committee on Commerce.
Objection was made.
Mr. ARCIIE11. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion that the House adjourn was not
agreed to.
pacific railroad companies.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back the
following resolution, which was referred to the
committee, with the recommendation that the
same do lie on the table, that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the Secretary of the Interior he noti-
fied thereof. ... ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore, Ihe Clerk
will report the resolution which was referred
to the committee.
The Clerk read as follows,:
Whereas under an act of Congress of July 2,188„
a subsidy in lands and bonds wa<j made, a mo tie
others, to the now Kansas Pacific 11 ai J
Denver City llailroad Company; ™'* j®'£ ^'d
S^^'w B^l. u&«;
K a Urcfa d Company, that t lie Hannibal at'(
ltailroad Company made m lMw an iu  '
of all its nghN and franchises c*rc«tea   y1
Concripsof ISifc!;  nd whereas it is claimed by the
two oilier said companies that md aws«m 
« h<nliitelv null anU void, and that it was n.iuciu
icntly made, and that improper and coJru1^
were employed to secure the ™i>tho'™I. -m
whiT<M& tho s.uil Atchidon and 1'iUo ^ leaK itaiiro i i
Companv, now known as tho Central Branch bmon
l> e,tie ItiLiiroad Company, is now cl.ninma a largo
n o of tl o 1 nds granted to eacli of said other cmn-
1 n ei, and demanding Unite!(States patents there-
for irom the Secretary ot tho Interior: x\ow, there
S^forSU !5.# a.e^TuinthMj?
papers, and to examine witnesses under oath: and is
hereby directed to examine into alt tho circum-
stances touching the alleged assignment aforesaid;
and further to examino into tho question of the
validity of tho claim of thosaid Atchison and Pike's
Peak ltailroud Company, now called Central Branoh
Union Paeifio Railroad Company, to any of tho
lands as aforesaid, and roport bv bill or otherwise.
And be it further reiotvcl, That a copy of this
resolution bo delivered to tho Sccrotary of tho-In te-
nor ; and ho is hereby reaucstcd to suspend any
and all action within tho Department of tho Inte-
rior teaching tho issuing of patents to either ot tho
aforesaid companies to any of tho lands about the
right of which any controversy oxists until after
tho said Ooinmittco on tho Judiciary shall have
made its report to this llouso upon the urn I tors herein
specified and the roport shall have been finally acted
upon.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will now report the resolution reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary with reference
to the House resolution just read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That tho Committoo on the judiciary
bo discharged from tho furthor consideration of tho
said resolution, and that tho samo do lie upon the
table, and the Secretary of tho Interior uotiued
hereof.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
chairman of tho committee yield to roc for a
moment?
Mr. BINGIIAM. I yield to tho gentleman
for an inquiry. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. BUILER, of Massachusetts.^ I want
the floor for more than an inquiry. There will
be something more than an inquiry before this
is disposed of. 1 do not desire this land steal-
ing to be transferred from Congress to the
Interior department.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman.
I desire to say, Mr. Speaker, that the re-
port concluding with the resolution which has
just been read, that the Committee on tho
Judiciary be discharged from the lurther con-
sideration of the House resolution, which has
also been read, that the same do lie on the
table, and that the Secretary of the Interior
be notified thereof, is the report, of the major-
ity of the Committee on the Judiciary, the
minority, at the time when the matter was
decided some months ago, signified that they
might desire to make a minority report. Of
course there is nothing in my motion to pre-
clude them from doing that now, or any other
time. I make the suggestion that they may
make the minority report il they sec fit now,
and I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to say that the minority propose
to make a report which will bring before the
House a very important, question in regard to
the railroad policy of the Government. That
report, was to have been drawn up by tho gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vooiuiuns. J Upon
inquiry why it was not drawn up, he informed
me that the counsel of one of the roads lind
taken from tho committee room—madveit-
cntly, I suppose ; but the fact, was, had taken
from tho committee-room—the papers, and
when he wrote for them he had not been able
to got un unswfir.
Whether the counsoi was
from Iiomp, or where he was, I do not know.
For that reason the minority are not ready to
present their views, and I therefore move to
recommit the report, and upon that, question i
will address some remarks to the House.
Mr BINGHAM. I did not yield the floor
to the gentleman to proceed with an argument.
I wish to say to the House that if the minority
of the committee are not ready to make thuir
report, I know of no papeis that have disap-
^Mr.^BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
have to make my remarks upon tho question
of rucommittins the report.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I informed tho gentle-
man that I had not surrendered tho iloqr to
him to make his remarks at the present time.
Mr. BU l'LElt, of Massachusetts. I under-
Et Mi'lMNGHAfl. I yielded to tho gentle-
man to make a minority report.
