T26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 18,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
three hundred dollars each; and twenty-eight
privates, at three hundred and eighty four
dollars each; in all, eleven thousand six hun-
dred and forty dollars.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
For contingent expenses of the Library of
Congress, rendered necessary by the copyright
business of said Library, five hundred dollars.
To enable the disbursing agent of the joint Com-
mittee on the Library to balance sundry frac-
tional overdrafts in the following funds, for the
fiscal years of eighteen hundred and seventy-
one and eighteen hundred and seventy-two, two
hundred and fifty-seven dollars and eight, cents,
the sameto be placed to the credit of the lunds
named in the amount specified to each ; fuud
for purchase of books, twelve dollars and ninety-
eight cents ; fund for purchase of law books,
twenty-five dollars and seventy-nine cents;
fund for purchase of periodicals, two dollars
and sixty-five cents; fund for exchange of pub-
lic documents, six dollars and seventy cents ;
fund tor repairs, etc., of buildings in Botanic
Garden, seventy-five dollars and seventeen
cents; fund for improving Botanic Garden, one
hundred and twenty-five dollars; fund for con-
tingent expenses of Library, eight dollars and
Beventy-mne cents.
To pay llives and Bailey for the reporting
and publication of the debates and proceed-
ings of the Forty-First Congress, under the
joint resolution approved March three, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, and contract ot
April fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, so far as may hi.vve been provided for by
law, two thousand seven hundred and seventy-
six dollars and ninety-eight cents, or so much
thereof aa may be necessary.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For extra clerk hire necessitated by unusual
labor in preparing for the session of the tri-
bunal of arbitration at Geneva, five thousaud
dollars.
For publishing the laws of the third session
of the Forty-First Congress and of the first
session of the Forty-Second Congress m pam-
phlet form, five thousand dollars.
For publishing the laws of the first session
of the Forty-First Congress in newspapers, two
thousand one hundred dollars.
For publishing the laws of the second ses-
sion of the Forty-First Congress in news-
papers, six thousand one hundred and twelve
dollars.
Foreign Intercourse.
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, and
ministers plenipotentiary, and ministers resi-
dent, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteeu hundred and seventy one, forty two
thousaud dollars; and for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundied and seventy-
two, fifty thousand dollars ; and in settling the
accounts of John P. liale, late minister to
Spain, the accounting officers of the Treasury
shall allow him salary to the first of January,
eighteeu hundred and seventy, at which time
his health was so far restored as to be able to
travel, and the sum necessary to pay the same
is hereby appropriated. And the Secretary
of 8tate is hereby authorized to allow the
payment of such sums as the President shall
approve to the consuls of the United States at
Algiers, Boulogne, Lyons, Marseilles, Nantes,
Nice, and Rheims, as compensation for extra-
ordinary services during the late warin Europe:
Provided, That the total sum so expended shall
not exceed the unexpended balance of the
amount appropriated by the fourth and fifth
paragraphs of the act entitled "An act making
apmoprmtions for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy two,
and for other purposes," approved March
third, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Forcontingent expenses of the United States
consulates for blank books and stationery, for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy one. fifteen thousand dol-
lars ; and for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For pay of dragoman at the consulate at
Constantinople from April first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, to March thirty-first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, four hundred
dollars.
For improvements and alteration of the
Protestant cemetery in Malaga, Spain, five
hundred dollars.
To reimburse the consul ofthe United States
in the city of Mexico for the care of the Prot-
estant American cemetery during the past
year, for the current fiscal year, and to pay
salary of keeper, five hundred dollars, one
thousand one hundred and five dollai's.
For the annual proportion of the United
States of the expenses of Cape Spaitel light,
on the coa?t of Morocco, two hundred aud
eighty five dollars.
For additional expenses of the United States
legation in France, consequent upon the re-
moval of the seat of Government from Paris to
Versailles, eight hundred dollars.
To defray the extraordinary expenses of the
American minister to the kingdom of Italy
occasioned by the removal of its capital from
Turin to Florence and from Florence to Rome,
six thousand dollars.
To enable Robert C. Schenck, minister to
Great Britain, to pay his private amanuensis,
as provided by joint resolution approved Jan-
uary eleventh, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, from the date of the approval of said
joint resolution to July first, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, one thousaud one hundred
and eighty dollars.
For repairs to the consular building at Tan-
giers, three thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of State,
to be available until the end of the next fiscal
year.
For the relief and protection of American
seamen in foreign countries, one hundred
thousand dollars.
Inquiry respecting Food Fishes.
For continuing the inquiry into the cause
of the decrease ofthe food fisues of the coast
and of the lakes, three thousand five hundred
dollars. *
For preparation of the illustrations, tables,
and so forth, of the report of the United States
commissioner of fish and fisheries, five hun-
dred dollars.
UNITED STATES MINTS AND BRAMCHES.
Branch Mint, San Francisco, California.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, twenty-
one thousand five hundred dollars.
Branch Mini, Carson City, Nevada.
For salaries and expenses, (deficiency dur-
ing fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy,) three thousand dol-
lars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, for
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hutidred and seventy-two, six thousand dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses, to wit, for sundry
miscellaneous items, including wood, charcoal,
and freight, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
twelve thousand four hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the same char-
acter, for the fiscal years endiug June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, and June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, three
thousand dollars. For this amount, deficiency
in the construction of the assay office, Boise
City, Idaho Territory, two thousand uinety-two
dollars and five cents.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
Contingent expenses under the act of Au-
gastsixtb, eighteen hundred and lorty-six : for
the collection, safe keeping, translerring, and
disbursement of the public moneys, one huu-
dred thousand dollars.
To pay deficiencies in the salaries of officers,
clerks, and others in the officeof the As-istant
Treasurer in New York city for the present
fiscal year, nine thousand three hundied and
four dollars.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
District of Columbia.
To pay the Governor, secretary, and three
members of the Board of Pubiic Works of
the District of Columbia such sums as tn.iy be
due them for salaries from the date ot their
commissions to the first of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sevemy-one, three thousand eight
hundred and fifty-one dollars and fourteen
cents, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
To pay the members of the Board of Health
from the date of their appointment to the first
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,at
two thousand dollars each per annum, twelve
thousand one hundred and nineiy-iwo dollars
aud fifty-six cents, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
For compensation to the presidentand mem-
bers of the council of the District of Colum-
bia, for the session commencing oil the eighth
of November, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, two thousand eight hundred and eighty
dollars.
For deficiency in appropriation for legisla-
tive expenses of Montana Territory, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy two, the same to be expended
in publishing the laws and journals of ihe last
session of the Legislature of said Teriiiory,
the sum of five thousand dollars.
For printing and binding house and council
journals of the filth session ot' the Legislative
Assembly of Montana Territory, two thousand
four hundred dollars.
For compensation of members of ihe fifih
Legislature of Montana Territory, eiglrt hun-
dred and seventeen duilars.
For rent of office, salary of messenger,
furniture, carpet, postage, and other inciden al
expenses of the secretary of the Territory of
New Mexico, for the fiscal year endnis Juue
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
one thousand three hundred and filty dollars
and eighty-two cents.
For expenses of the secretary's office of the
Territory of Arizona, rent of office, fuel, lights,
ptiuting, postage, storage of furniture, a.,d so
forth, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the secretary's office of the
Territory of Wyoming, fuel, lights, stationery,
postage, and so forth, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For miscellaneous printing, and printing
journals of council and house of the nine-
teenth annual session of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Utah, one thiius«nd
sevenhundred and filty dollars and forty cents.
For deficiency of appropriation for legisla-
tive expenses of the Territory of Dakota, for
the fiscal years ending June thirty, eghfeen
hundred and seventy-one, aud June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, viz : for
printing and binding, fourthousand th>ee hin
dred and seventy-five dollars ; for office rent,
four hundred and twenty-five dollars ; for in-
cidental expenses, twelve hundred dollars; in
all, six thousand dollars.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
For stamps, paper, aud dies for the use of
