3466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, that is a question between you and
the gentleman from Ohio. You told me that
he had yielded the floor to me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I stated distinctly that I
yielded to the gentleman to make a minority
report if he thought fit.
Mr. BUFLEH, of Massachusetts. I am
making it. now.
Mr. BINGHAM. A minority report is not
made orally ; it must be in writing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio yielded to the gentleman from
Massachusetts for the purpose of making a
minority report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. T was
stating the reasons why I could not prepare
one, and the gentleman from Ohio knew very
well that I had not a minority report to
present.
Mr. BINGHAM. I knew very well that
one of the members of the minority of the
committee told me a month ago that he did
not know whether they would make a minority
report or not.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. That
was Mr. VoottiiEES.
Mr BINGHAM Yes.
Mr BQ I'LER, of Massachusetts. Well, he
is here to speak Cor himself.
Mr. BIN GUAM. I spoke to him on the
suhjict nearly a month ago, and told him I
was authorized to make a report, and asked
if he desired to submit a minority report, and
he suid that he did not know whether he
should make any minority report, and I heard
110 more about the matter until last night,
when the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] asked me to let the matter lie over
until this evening, which ! did. 1 do riot
know what, papers they wanted, but I desire to
say thin now and in this connection: thatlhad
no desire to exclude ihem from making any
report they chose to make. The majouty of
the committee have made a report which
covfrs a hingle page, and which states that
the ground on which we re«stucl the action of
the committee has been decided by more
decisions than one of the Supreme Court.
The House has no business with this ques-
tion. Now, as the matter stands, we decide
nothing in favor of anybody except of the
right, of the country that the authority of the
law shall be administered exactly in the mode
and manner in which the law prescribes. As
ior the resolution, it, afinins nothing in favor
of any one of the conflicting paities. We
find nothing in lavor of either party. We
reler the triatier back to the Department,,
where the law places it ; and we notified the
Department that they can proceed with the
duiies piescribed-bv law in deciding the mat-
ters which are biought in question m this con-
tioversy, and if the pa'ties are not satisfied
with the decision of the Departments, they can
go imo the courts and settle it there, and
finally they can carry the matter up to the
Surpreme Court, and where the United States
and all the parlies can have their rights determ-
ined finally and forever.
But,, sir, I wish to say in reference to certain
papers which gentlemen claim have disap-
peared that I know nothing about it. I only
know of a brief, a copy of which was handed
to me, and 1 believe to each of my colleagues,
the brief of one of the committee, Mr. Nich-
ols; I had a copy of it here last night, and have
it to-night. It is quite at their disposal; but,
sir, I am not disposed to press this matter
now it ihe House will agree to set apart some
day next week after the morning hour for the
consideration of the matter.
There is nothing in this question that I am
not. ready to meet on behalf of the majority of
this committee, because I insist ihat every-
thing that perta'ns to the duty of this House
is settled already by the decisions of the court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I sug-
gest the first Monday in December next.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has not
the floor yet to make that motion. And as
the gentleman undertakes to be witty, I un-
dertake to say that he is engaged here in ail
unseemly purpose to undertake to postpone
indefinitely the question whether the law of
the United States shall be administered in the
mode and manner in which the law expressly
requires it shall be administered. I am ready
to^ make it appear here, as the majority of
this committee have found, that there never
was any paper before them or before this
House 
Mr. VOORHEES. If it is possible for the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr Bingham] to yield
the floor for a moment, as he has made a state-
ment ill regard to me, I beg him to do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have made no statement
unkind to the gentleman ; but I will yield to
him.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not complain of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] occu
pying all the time, last night and to-night, too,
on the business of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, while the rest of us were sitting out
yonder in the rear, with,a few bills we would
like to get clear of. I do not make any com-
plaint on that score. But.Ido complain sotne
when a statement, is made calculated to make
a wrong impression in regard to myself. When
this question, which is one of great importance,
one involving the interests of this Govern-
ment—though I need not. enter into the discus-
sion of it now—when this question came up
for consideration 1 was absent in the city of
New York on important business. When I
returned I found the question had been pre-
sented by a great array of talent on both sides.
Mr. BINGHAM. On three sides.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, on three sides,
on all sides. 1 do not. know but it is octagonal,
for it has many sides. Among other modes of
presentation, printed briefs and written state
tnents had been resorted io. One side of this
question had withdrawn its biinf and wiii.teu
statement before I had any opportunity at all
to examine tlieui.
I addressed a note to the attorney present-
ing that side of the case, asking for his brief
and his argument. 1 called the attention of
the Committee on the Judiciary to the neces-
sity I was laboring under of having that argu-
ment, before I sould pass upon the matter. I
failed in every attempt to get it back before
the coin m it tee, and I here were reasons assigned
by that interest why they did not wish to pre
sent their views ajain, but desired to recall
them. I'rorn that hour to this 1 have never
been able to get hold of that side of the qit"s-
tion.
When the gentleman from Ohio [Mr Bing-
ham] some weeks ago appi oached me upon
the hubjcct with his usual Kindness to rue—and
certainly I reciprocate it all in our p rsonal
iuteicourse—and asked me whether a minority
report would be made, I told him that f did
not, know whether it would or not.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is all I meant to
'"Mr. VOOROEES. The reason I said that,
was because 1 did not know yet whether we
would be able to get these papers or not,; and
if I did obtain them I could not say to what
conclusion they would bring me. They have
brought the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bdtler] and the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldredgb] to a conclusion in
favor of a minority report. I confess I am
strongly prejudiced in favor of a minority
report also because of the course that has been
pursued.
_ I conceived it but justice to myself to make
this statement. I now suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that the lair way upon this
question would be either to recommit this mat-
ter to the Committee on the Judiciary or to
leave it open with permission to file a minority
report if we should deem it best for the public
interest to do so when we get the papers.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will please
say to me whether the paper he refers to was
the argument of Mr. Nichols, who appeared
in behalt of the central branch ot the Union
Pacific railroad.
Mr. VOORHEES. It was.
Mr. BINGHAM. I tried to inform the
gentleman last night that that argument was
with my files.
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts. There is
more than that.
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes; there were more
than that. It was not merely the absence of
the paper, but the desire on the part of the
interest before the Judiciary Committee to
suppress that view of the case.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There was the official
correspondence between this attorney, Mr.
Nichols, and the United States which was
taken away.
Mr. BINGHAM.- That is all accessible.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It was upon that, I
suppose, the gentleman from Ohio made up
his opinion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It was upon that we
ought to make up our opinion ; it was put
before the committee to enable them to make
up their opinion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I never took away any
of the papers.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not charge the
gentleman with any such thing ; he is incapa-
ble of anything of the kind. But these papers
are gone; it, was upon these papers that judg-
ment was expected to be pronounced by the
committee, if any judgment at all should bo
pronounced,
_ Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from In-
diana has done me entire justice in his state-
ment. It is what I sought to say, and what 1
think the reporter's notes will show 1 did say.
I only ask him to take notice that, I did say I
desired the minority shou d have an oppor-
tunity to make a report, and that, with the con-
sent of the House, this case might be laid over
until a future day of this session that such a
report might be submitted ; and I desire that
argument may be heard upon it. 1 hope, how-
ever, that this question may not be postponed
until December, for the reason (and I appeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts to con-
sider it) lhat the case has been under exainiu
iition and argumentin the Interior Dep.utnient,
in obedience to the express requirement of law,
upon wnieh examination, first and last, no
matter in what order, all these parlies contest-
mi t did appear. A decision was made by the
Secretary of the Interior. Some ol these p r-
ties, not, satisfied wiili that decision asked him
to open the case for rearguinent or rehearing.
That was on a Saturday in January Lsi ; and
ou the following Monday morning, without any
notice to the House ol this action between
these parties or of the connection they had
with it, a resolution was presented here (un-
doubtedly in perfect, good faith) by an honor-
able member of the House, the resolution
which has been alluded to, and which ms'i ucts
the Secretary of the Jntcriorfor the time being
to suspend action. Four months or more have
passed since that was done. This case pending
for hearing under your laws before the Interior
Department stands suspended The sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
to suspend it till next December.
I do. not understand that to be the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Indiaua, [Mr.
Voorhees.] He wants an opportunity to
make a report if he should see fit afier exam-
ining the papers. I say to him that I have
here the argument originally presented by Mr.
Nichols, and it is at his disposal. I will hand
it to him ; I have no need for it.
Mr. \ OOEHEES. I cannot examine it
now.
Air. BINGHAM. I do not expect that; but
I ask the House now to adopt my proposition
and let this matter be set down for a hearing
