2570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
be upon all (he railroad ; it may be upon any
part of it, and all the franchises appertaining
to that part and the appurtenances of that
part—
when constructed or in the course of construc-
tion, from a point at or near Marshall to Ship's
channel, in the bay of San Diego, m the State of
California, as aforesaid.
That is the security for the construction
bonds—a mortgage on the road itself with its
appurtenances. Then come to the land bonds :
Land bonds shall be secured by mortgage, first,
on all or any portion-
In the discretion of the company—
of the lands hereby granted in aid of the construc-
tion of said railroad as is provided for in this act;
second, on lands acquired by auy arrangement or
purchase or terms of consolidation with any railroad
company or companies to whom grants of land may
have been made, or may hereafter be made, by any
congressional. State, or territorial authority, or who
may have purchased the same previous to any such
arrangement or consolidation.
If it stopped right there, there might be
some implication that the proceeds of the
construction bonds were to be used in the
building of the road, and that the proceeds of
the land bonds were to used for something
else. What else it would be unless it was
equipping the road and operating it, one does
not very well know; but, so far, (he Senator
will see there is no provision for what the pro-
ceeds shall be used. The bonds are to be
called, one set of ihem construction bonds,
and the other set land bonds ; but there is no
provision what disposition shall be made of
the proceeds of the one or the other. They
go into the treasury of the company; that is
all there is of it. But then it will be found
in the second proviso to the section, as fol-
lows :
That tho proceeds of the sales of the aforosaid
construction and land bonds shall be applied only
in the construction, operation, and equipment of
the contemplated railroad line.
Unless you apply to these words the rule
reddendo ningula singulis, that "the construc-
tion" shall be confined to construction bonds,
nnd "equipment and operation" to land
bonds, then, in point of fact, the company
may take the proceeds and put them into
hotchpotch and use thein all for construction
just precisely us this bill proposes.
Mr. EDMONDS. May 1 ask the Senator
from Ohio on that, point a question ?
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
to get through first V
Mr. TnilHMAN. I do not say that is so;
but I say it can be so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio in connection
with what he is saying to a question on which
I wisli he would slate his opinion to the
Senate.
Mr. THUEMAN. I am afraid I am tres-
passing on the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the Senator
from Ohio had the floor?
Mr. THUilMAN. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not know anybody
could address the Senate who had not the
floor. I beg pardon of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I rose in response to the Sen-
ator from Maine to give a lull explanation of
the provisions of this bill, and I would prefer
going through with the explanation lather
than having a discnss'on on each point as 1
make it, and have the discussion afterward,
although I do not object to beinj; interrogated.
Mr. EDMUNDS I thought it was the
speech of the Senator from Otno I was listen-
ing to, instead ot' the speech of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. I should not have thought
of interrupting the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. I had proceeded with all I
deem it necessary to explain in the third sec-
tion, unless there is something else to which
the Senator from Maine wishes to call my
attenti on.
The fourth section provides for the construc-
tion of the road of " iron or steel rails manu-
factured from Americas ore, except such as
may have been contracted for before consol-
idation by any railroad company which may
be purchased by or consolidated with this
company." This is the provision of the ori-
ginal charter, with the simple addition which
saves the contracts already made by the com-
panies with which they were authorized to
consolidate.
The fifth section makes an importantamend-
ment in the terms of the original charter. By
the terms of the original charter the company
was required to commence its road at Mar
shall, the eastern terminus, and at San Diego,
its western terminus, and to build fifty miles
a year in each direction. This section au-
thorizes a change, and the commencement
of the road may be at Marshall, completing
one hundred miles each year, instead of com-
mencing at both points ; but I am authorized
by the committee toofferan amendment which,
to some extent, modifies the bill as it is now
before the Senate, and that is, that the company
shall also commence at San Diego within one
year from the passage of this act and construct
not less than twenty-five miles per annum after
the second year. That is for the purpose of
meeting the views of those who are interested
in the early commencement of the work on the
Pacific coast. The western end of this line runs
through a country through which it is exceed-
ingly difficult to build a road, one which does
not offer very many inducements for trade and
travel immediately upon its completion ; and
it has been deemed advisable that the rapid
completion of the road should be obtained from
the eastern terminus instead of from the west-
ern ; but this amendment which I am author-
ized by the committee to offer will, I believe,
meet the views of those who are more imme-
diately interested in the western end of the
road.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that section.
Mr. SCOTT. There is no section particu-
larly under discussion. I have been requested
to explain the whole bill, and I am responding
to that request.
The last amendment that the committee
reported  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator one question on the fifth sec-
tion, so that I may understand it. I under-
stand, then, that this section provides for a
departure from the original method of con-
structing the road; that wheieasby the ori-
ginal charter thpy were to commence simulta-
neously at San Diego and Marshall and build
each way fifty milesa year on each side, meet-
ing somewhere, now it contemplates that they
shall commence at Marshall and construct
westward altogether and reach San Diego any
time within the ten years. Do I understand
that to be the fact?
Mr. SCOTT. Evidently while the Senator
was otherwise engaged he lost part of my
explanation, and for his benefit I shall have
to repeat it.
Mr. MORllILL, of Maine. You need not
do so for my benefit.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish the Senator to under-
stand it. He has stated correctly what were
the original terms of the charter and what the
amendment, as it is now punted proposes, but
the part of my explanation which he lost was,
that to meet the views of those who are more
particularly interested in the Pacific coast, I
was authorized by tlie committee to offer an
amendment requiring the commencement of
the road also at San Diego within one year,
and the completion after the second year of
twenty-five miles annually in that direction ;
so that if the company is required to build
one hundred miles each year from the eastern
terminus and twenty-five miles from the west-
ern terminus, instead of delaying the comple-
tion of the road it will facilitate the comple-
tion of the road by the addition of twenty-five
miles a year.
I may further state that there is an authority
given in this section to commence the road at
any other point upon the line of the road;
but if the company see proper to exercise that
discretion, it would not give them any addi-
tional time for completing it. It is an im-
portant right, however, that they should have,
as will be evident to any one who will look
for a moment at the country intended to be
traversed by this road. I can illustrate it in
this way: if a road were to be constructed
before this road is completed through from
Galveston north, or from any other portion
south, when that road meets the intersecting
point of the line of this road it will be highly
important to that country that this company
should be permitted at once to commence
extending its road in either direction from
them, developing the country and giving an
outlet to those regions traversed by the inter-
secting road. They ask that privilege, which
will really be imposing an additional burden
upon them to make more railroad than they
are now bound to do each year.
I now come to the last amendment in the
printed bill, which is one put upon it at the
instance of the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rice,] who is interested in what is called the
Grand Tower and San Diego Pacific Railroad
Company. It simply grants the right of way
to this company, which is chartered by the
laws of Arkansas, to construct its road be-
tween the points named in that charter, grant-
ing the right of way through the public
domain and stations, in the usual form ill which
that grant has been made, if any objection
be made to that, I shall call upon the Senator
from Arkansas to explain it, as he more fully
understands it than I do.
Now, Mr. President, I have stated briefly
the provisions of the bill. I may state in
recapitulation that it proposes to change the
name of the company; it proposes to change
the manner of mortgaging, although it does
not authorize the company to execute any
other or greater mortgages than were or'giti-
aily authorized, but simply changes the secuii-
ties they may put in the. mortgage ; it does not
authoiize, and is not intended to authorize,
the building of any other roads by this com-
pany or the consolidation of this company with
any other road than that authorized by the
original act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the language is
very unhappily chosen.
Mr. SCO TT. It is often the case that the
language of a statute is unhappily chosen, and
we shall be glad to have the benefit of the
assistance of the Senator from Vermont, who
is happy in language, to cure that infelicity of
language.
1 do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate with any further explanations, having
risen with this one in response to the request
of the Senator from Maine
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
max ) The question recurs on the amendment
of the committee to the second section of the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there ought to
be stricken out of that amendment the words
''or may hereafter be made." while we are
upon this point. The amendment provides:
And all or any portion of the lands acquired by
any arrangement, or purclia.se, or terms of consolida-
tion with any railroad company or companies to
whom grants of land may have been m<ide or may
hereafter be made by any congressional, State, or
territorial authority.
It ia a very exf.raordiuaiy thing to g-ve a
roving commission to any railroad company
to go and mako indefinite arrangements in
consolidating companies and taking grants of
lands which are not already in exii-tencc3 ia
respect to which we may be disposed to see
what we are doing, although I do not say we
do^very often or very plainly see wh.it we are
doing, as we do not probably in this instance.
But in order to see whether the Senate is will-
ing to tr>m this down a little, • move to amend
the amendment by striking out, in lines four-
