778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
fornia has the right io make the motion.
Should it prevail, the House will of course
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the Indian appropriation bill. Should the
motion not he sustained, then, on the demand
for the regular order, the morning hour will
begin, and the Committee on Patents will be
called.
Mr. SARGENT. We can never adjourn
unless we get through with the appropriation
bills.
On the motion of Mr. Sargent there were—
ayes 91, noes 36.
Mr. L. MYERS. I must call for tellers. I
think the business of the committees ought to
proceed.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Sargent was agreed to.
alaska seal 1'isiikkies.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope that before
we are declared to bo in Committee of the
Whole I may be permitted, on behalf of the
Committee on Commerce, to ask the House to
pass a bill which ought to be passed speedily
and sent to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. May I sta'e to
the House what this bill is? We have an inter-
est in Alaska in the matter of seal-skins
amounting to $317,000 a year. It is neces-
sary that our agent should be there, as every
gentleman knows, at a particular period of the
year to take charge of that interest. That
period is now at hand. The Secretary of the
Treasury has sent ns this bill with the request
that we pass it. promptly to enable him to
appoint, the requisite agents to take care of
that interest, i trust there will bo no objec-
tion, and that the bill may be now passed.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object if it does
not, lend lo debate.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be rend.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Let mo state that
I have been directed unanimously by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report the bill.
Ihe bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that tho Secretary of tho Treasury
be authorized to appoint one agent and three
assistant agents, who shall be charged with the
management of the seal fisheries in Alaska,
and the performance of such other duties as
may bo assigned to them by tho Secretary of
the Treasury. Tho agent is to receive ten dol-
lars per Jay ; one assistant agent, eight dollars
pin-day, and I wo assistant, agents six dollars
each per day while so employed; and they are
also to be allowed (heir necessary traveling
expenses in going to and returning from Alaska,
for which expenses vouchers are to be pre-
sented to the proper accounting officers of tho
Treasury. Such expenses, however, arc not
to excecd in the aggregate $000 each in any
one year; and the agents are never to be inter-
ested, directly or indirectly, in any lease of the
right to take seals, or any .proceeds or profits
thereof, either as owner, agent, partner, or
otherwise. The second section authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to erect a dwelling
upon each of tho islands of St. Paul and St.
George for the use of the agents, tfm cost of
both dwellings not to excecd SO,000. The
third section empowers these agents to admin-
ister oaths in any cases relating lo the service
of the United States, and to take testimony in
Alaska for the use of tho Government in any
matter concerning the public revenues.
The SPEAKER. Will the House give its
unanimous consent to the consideration of this
bill at the present time?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to the
reference of this bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The bill is the
unanimous report of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me it ought
to go to tho Committee of Ways and Means.
I object to its consideration.
message i'rom tub president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his
Secretaries, who also informed the House that
the President had approved and signed a bill
of the following title
An act (H. It. No. 1051) to change the times
for holding circuit and district courts of the
United States for the western district of Vir-
ginia.
indian appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cox in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 1192, mak-
ing appropriations for tho current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending Juno
30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read as follows :
Assiniboines:
For this amount, to bo expended in such goods,
provisions, and other articles as the Vresident may,
i'rora timo to time. detorraine, including insuranco
and transportation thereof, in instructing in agri-
cultural and mechanical pursuits, in providing em-
ployes, educating children, procuring medicine and
medical attendance, care for and support of tho
aged, sick, and infirm, for tho helpless orphans of
said Indians, and in ally other rcspect to promote
their comfort, civilization, and improvement, $30,000.
Mr. CLAGETT. I move the following
amendment:
Add atthoond of line one hundrod and forty-eight
tho following:
Provided, 'Chat so much of said suui of $30,000 as
tho chiofa and head men of said tribomay designate
ahull 1)0 expouded in tho purchase of stock eattlo
for tho benefit of said tribe. It, shall bo tho duty of
the superintendent having said tribo in charge to
notify said chiefs and hoaa men of this provision of
this net at least one month prior to the timo of dis-
tribuing their annuities; and all oattlo purchased
shall bo tuniod over to said chiefs and head men for
distribution among tho mombors of said tribo, and
said oat.tlo shall be under tho exeiusivo carea.nd
oontrol of the Indians to .whom they may be distrib-
uted, respectively.
Mr. CLAGETT. Mr. Chairman, I have
offered this amendment not only for the pur-
pose of securing its adoption by the committee,
if possible, as applicable to this particular sec-
tion. but of obtaining an expression of the sense
of the members of this Honso as to the pro-
priety of a change in the mode in which these
annuities are distributed among these Indian
tribes. Yesterday the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. EldridgeJ in response to the
rose-colored statements made on this floor in
reference to tho character and extent of the
civilization of these Indians inthe last year or
two, called attention to the fact there was
nothing to show for these large appropria-
tions expended annually by the Government,
in the shape of actual inducements on the
part of tho Indians to go to work and culti-
vate the lands of these reservations. Count-
ing out the Indian tribes partially civilized,
having fixed places of abode and living to a
great extent on the fruits of the soil—counting
out those Indians, I undertake to say to-day,
although I dislike generalizations of this kind,
there are not in the United States all told five
thousand acres of land being cultivated by
these Indians. I am aware larger returns are
made in the reports of the agents of the Gov-
ernment. I am aware there is a larger amount
of land under cultivation; but it will be found,
on examination, to be the case that the work
is not performed by the Indians themselves
in whose behalf, the appropriation is made,
but by the white employes of the Government
who arc paid out ot these annual appropria-
tions.
I offer this, Mr. Chairman, inthe interest of
the Indians themselves to secure them at least
from the policy of civilization which has been
adopted by the Government. I state the reason
why the Indians have not been able to make
more progress than they have is because the
policy of the Governmont, though right so far
as this general character is concerned, has
been characterized by a total disregard of the
laws which govern the Indian tribes in the
details of these Indian appropriation bills.
The first thing you have to do to civilize the
Indians is to pay some regard to those rules
of action which govern them. I say the prin-
cipal difficulty in civilizing these Indians lies
in the fact of the irksomeness of the restraint
imposed on them while they dwell upon these
Indian reservations. Let them settle down
upon one hundred and sixty acres each, and
let them assume the employment and charac-
ter of civilized men.
Now, sir, this amendment does not propose
to take a single dollar from the Treasury of
the United States beside that which is already
provided for in the bill. It simply provides,
in case these chiefs and head men of the tribe
itself consent, that such a portion of this ap-
propriation as they may designate, and which
will not be in violation Of the treaty under
which this appropriation is made, shall bo set
apart for a specific purpose, and that is for the
purchase of these cattle, to be turned, not over
to the Indian agent to be stolen, but over to
themselves to be herded; thus treating these
Indians in their progress to civilization at that
transition point in pastoral life through which
tho experience of the world shows that all
nations and tribes have to go in their progress
from savagery to civilization. Now, sir, as I
said before, the trouble is to get the Indian to
stay upon the farm, and you must pay some
attention to his natural desire to roam. And
this amendment, by offering him some induce-
ment by which he can, in taking charge of
these cattle, move from one place to another
over a limited extent of country, provides, to
a limited extent at least, for that natural and
inevitable love of roaming, while on the other
haud, by letting his flocks increase and mul-
tiply around him, with a comparatively small
amount of labor, he will be drawn year after
year with greater and greater strength to a
condition of a fixed abode and industrious
labor for the purposes of civilization.
In my experience upon tho frontier I
have seen many individuals in the different
tribes who have progressed until in the course
of two, three, four, five, or seven yeai'S they
have exchanged a savage condition for a civil-
ized life. And I desire to state for the inform-
ation of this committee that in every single
instance of that kind they have first gone
through this transition period, and have first
invested the proceeds of their labor, have first
invested whatever funds they may have suc-
ceeded in obtaining, in cattle and stock of dif-
ferent kinds. And it is for that, reason I offer
this amendment, not only in reference to these
particular Indians, but if it meets the approval
of this committee I propose to incorporate,
at least so far as the tribes are concerned,
with whose condition I am familiar, a general
amendment in this bill, by which a certain por-
tion of these appropriations can be applied in
a manner that will guard against theft by the
agent on the one hand, and offer some assur-
ance or inducement to the Indian to labor on
the other.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose that my elo-
quent friend from Montana [Mr. Clagett] has
moved this amendment in good faith. And
yetitisnotwell-advised. The proposition is to
take out of the hands of the President, or, in
other words, of the Secretary of the Interior,
tho discretion which is hero given him to
expend this appropriation for such purposes
as he may deem best for the Indians, with duo
regard to their wishes and hi3 own judgment,
and to put it into the hands of the Indians
themselves, to allow them to say that the whole
appropriation may be devoted to a single object,
namely, the purchase of beef cattle. The ob-
ject of these beef cattle seems to be to furnish
a sort of loadstone which will attach the In-
dians to the soil, which our efforts to induce
them to cultivate and thereby feed themselves
have hitherto failed in doing.
