1872.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4863
laying bis amendment until an opportunity
could be afforded of examining the pocket
amendment which he brought in here already
printed.
It is quite impossible, as I said, for me upon
the first glance at this amendment of nearly
two pages of the ordinary print of our bills, to
discuss it its it deserves. I shall have to con-
tent, myself at present with a general view, and
that general view is that it is impossible plausi-
bly to say that it is not in its spirit and in its
letter a violation of the rule, because it makes
new legislation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has spoken five -minutes.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I rise
to make an inquiry of the Chair, whether an
argument in reference to an appeal from the
decision of the Chair is limited by the five-
minutes rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. STOCKTON. Having that decided, I
wisk to ask another question. We have been
informed that this amendment is printed.
Some Senators in this Chamber have it. I
have it not; Senators around me have it not.
I desire to ask of the Chair if there is any
proper means by which we can acquire a copy
of it without going and asking the favor of the
Senator from Louisiana to give us a copy
which he has had printed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not able to answer that question.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Chair decide
that the five-minutes rule applies?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He does.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it in order to appeal
from that decision?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. Not when another ap-
peal is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, but that
second appeal must be decided without debate.
Mr. THURMAN. How is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order to take a second appeal while another
appeal is pending, but the second appeal must
be decided at once and without debate under
tho sixth rule.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I shall not appeal
now, because I propose to debate it whenever
I can get a chance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sixth
rule reads:
"But when an appeal shall betaken from the de-
cision of the Presiding Officer, any subsequent Ques-
tion of order, which may arise before the decision
of such appeal by the Senate, shall be decided by
the Presiding Officer without debate ; and every ap-
peal therefrom shall also be decided at once, and
without debate,"
Mr. THURMAN. I will not take an appeal
now. I will wait for awhile.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ Mr. President, the
success of our legislation depends on under-
standing the rules and a strict observance of
them. I understand the Chair to decide that
this amendment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has so decided, and an appeal therefrom has
been taken and is now pending.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, sir, I wish to say
to the Chair and to the Senate that our pres-
ent rule provides that "no amendment to any
such bill," an appropriation bill, "making
legislative provisions,' other than £uch as
directly relate to the appropriations con-
tained in the bill, shall be received." The
question occurs, then, does this amendment
apply to any appropriation in this bill? It
is proposed as an amendment to the clause
making an appropriation "for defraying the
expenses of the courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia; for jurors
and witnesses, and expenses of suits in which
the United States are concerned, of prose-
cutions for offenses committed against the
United States ; for the safe-keeping of pris-
oners, and for the expenses which may be
incurred in the enforcement of the act relative
to the rights of citizens to vote, of February
28,1871."'
Now, it is proposed in this appropriation bill
to change a whole section of law. If this
amendment is adopted, it is reforming and
amending a legislative bill which has already
passed this House. It is moved, in other words,
to strike out "city or town" wherever those
words occur in the election law of Congress,
and insert provisions making that law appli-
cable to the whole county; and we are con-
fined to five-minutes debates on a question of
this sort. This shows, as I conceive, that
in the adoption of the five-minutes rule, the
Senate had no possible conception that an
amendment such as this could be passed. In
addition to that you propose to strike out the
words "circuit judge, " upon which there was
such a debate in the Senate, and to insert the
words "district judge;" and that in an
appropriation bill limited to five-minutes de-
bate, and sprung upon the Senate when no
man had any conception that such an amend-
ment could be offered.
If such an amendment as this is in order, I
cannot well conceive what amendment pos-
sibly would not be in order. We are not only
restrained from all the privileges of debate on
this question, but absolutely the most stringent
election law, which operates on the suffrage,
the very vitality of free institutions, is to be
affected by inconsistent and unexpected
amendments like this, and the Senate are to be
deprived of all discussion upon them. Why
the Chair remembers that when this election
law was considered before it occupied hours
and hours; it elicited a discussion of days, and
well it might, because it strikes at the very
vitality of free institutions, which is the right
of the people to vote ; and now, upon an
appropriation bill, this election law is wholly
changed, striking out "circuit judges,"
extending the operation of that law from
"cities" to "counties and parishes;" and
we are required under a five-minutes debate
to vote upon it.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Mr. Presi-
dent, has the proper notice been given of the
offering of this amendment? I believe one
day's notice has to be given of all amend-
ments to appropriation bills.
Mr. CONKLING. Not unless they make
appropriations of money.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Let us
hear what the Chair says about that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Of an
amendment proposing additional items of ap-
propriation one day's notice must be given,
but not of other amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Does not
the rule also require that they shall come from
a committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is:
" All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day bolore
they are offered, bo referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation bills
shall be referred to the said committee.
That is the only provisiou the Chair is aware
of on the subject referred to by the Senator
from West Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Does this
amendment come from a committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not
come from a committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Does not
the rule require that ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Not unless
it makes an additional appropriation.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to occupy but a
single moment, and that merely in reply to a
remark ol two made by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Cassep.lt,] as_I think entirely
uncalled lor and altogether unjust. The Sen-
ator from California asUed me to pass this
amendment over, or consent that it be passed
over, until such time as he could examine it,
and I replied that the amendment was printed.
It is a short amendment, and can be easily
understood, and I think from the tenor of
the remarks made by my friend from Califor-
nia that he fully and entirely appreciates the
import of the amendment. 1 could not afford
to allow this amendment to be passed over if
my single objection would prevent it, because
the closing hours of the session are drawing
on apace, and it was necessary that I should
offer this amendment before the bill was
reported to the Senate at this juncture, or
within perhaps an hour or two, and nothing
would be gained by passing it over.
The Senator says that once before I intro-
duced such a bill. Yes, sir; several days
since in the fall face of the Senate I asked
unanimous consent to introduce a bill that it
might be referred to the joint Committee on
Southern Outrages, and it was referred under
the rule, was printed, laid before that com-
mittee, and they decided to report it, and
reported it through their chairman in the
House, and the Opposition, represented by my
friend from California, resorted to filibuster-
ing against a large majority to prevent the
passage of the bill.
I appeal to Senators if there is—and I say
it with all due respect—a Senator on this floor
who is more exacting, more merciless, more
particular and more determinedly persistent
than is the Senator from California. I have
been on this floor as long as he has been ; and
I appeal with confidence to the Senate, that
at no tune has he under like circumstances
done aught than what I did. It was my right.
I ask that this amendment be considered.
And now, sir, I have but a word more to
say. As the Chair has ruled, I believe the
amendment to be germane, and twice siuce I
rose within the hour have points of order been
overruled made by myself on precisely the
same ground on which the point of order is
made against this amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, for the purpose of
offering this amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir. Those amend-
ments were incorporated in the bill by a vote
of the Senate. A point of order was made by
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson]
upon the self-same ground, it was made by
myself once against him, and three or foul
times against other Senators, and in every
instance overruled.
Sir, this is germane; there can be no ques-
tion of it. It relates back, not increasing the
appropriation, to an appropriation incorpor-
ated in the bill to enforce "the act relative to
the right of citizens to vote, approved February
28,1871." Here is the Senate amendment in
italics, •' or any acts amendatory thereof or sup
plementing thereto," put in view of the verj
act. My amendment now is in a milder forir
than the bill passed by the Senate and no«
upon the table of the House. It is an amend-
ment to words put in by the Appropriation
Committee of the Senate to meet the exigen-
cies and requirements of and for the purpose
of carrying out the provisions of that very
supplementary act.
Now, when the act is specified, and an
appropriation of 53,000,000 is made to carry
out the provisions of that act specifically,
among others, I come in and say " which act
is hereby amended and supplemented," and
then I go on in this ameudnaent and propose
to amend the act to the extent, by any means that
was embraced iti the bill of the Senate now on
the Speaker's table of the House, a just bill,
a bill that has been filibustered against by the
Opposition. I offer it, and I demand that it
be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy in the chair.) The Senator has spoken
the time limited under the rule. The Chair
understands the question to be, "Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the Senate?"
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for any rule that
limits debate to five minutes on this appeal.
If there is any such rule, 1 ask that it he read.
