1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
Now, I do notknow that the gentleman from
Monta.ua [Mr. Clagett] can say with refer-
ence to tliij tribe of Assiniboines or any other
of the scarcely half-civiliz%3 tribes of the
mountains, that the present of a drove of cat-
tle, not to be under the charge of the Indian
agent, not to be like other property there,
kept by the Government for their use, but to
be given up to the absolute control and admin-
istration of the Indians themselves, as they see
fit—I do not think the gentleman can say that
in their present condition of civilization the
result of such a present will not be that they will
consume those cattle in the first three months.
That would be the most natural use the In-
dians would make of them, and when they
had used them up, they would mount their
mustangs and gratify their roving propensities
by going off in the pursuit of buffalo. It
seems to me that the only safety in Indian
expenditures is in leaving thern in the hands
of Government officers. If you allow the
Indiausthemselves, with theirchildish notions
and improvident habits, to say what disposition
shall be made of the appropriations for their
benefit, and on what articles they shall be ex-
pended, you lose all responsibility of every
kind for the money you expend.. it seems to
me, for the reasons I have stated, this amend-
ment ought not to prevail.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes twenty-four, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
I-'or seventh of twenty installments, for the in-
struction of Indians in farming, and purchase of
seeds, tools, &e„  s per third article treaty of April
7,180o, $800.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move !
to strike out that clause, and I do it for the !
pmpose of calling the attention of the com-
mittee to one feature in these appropriations :
all through the bill there are appropriations
made to furnish agricultural seeds to the In-
dians, and yet it is well known to gentlemen
on this floor that agricultural pursuits cannot
be followed by any one without animals and
stock. The proposition of the gentleman from
Montana [Mr. Clagett] to give to these In-
dian? stock, cattle, and horses, was a wise and
good proposition. The House, however, voted
it down, and yet we go on making appropria-
tions for farming seeds, without making any
appropriation for stock to work the farms with.
It seems to me that this is an inconsistent
policy.
Mr. SARGENT. These appropriations are
in strict accordance with the treaties. The
treaties with the Chippewas specify the arti-
cles and amount of articles which they shall
receive, and we are required to make the ap- j
propiiations. But I will state that there are I
in every reservation—I will except the reserva- |
tions in Texas—but upon the reservations gen- j
erally, stock, cattle, and horses, which are in .
the use of the Government. But to give a
baud of wild or half wild Indians stock or j
milch cattle, with the idea that they will keep :
them and be turned into a pastoral people by :
that circumstance, is, in my judgement, the ]
height of folly. j
Mr. CONNER. I will state to my friend j
from California that the reservations in Texas !
'are well stocked with horses and cattle, for the
Indians have stolen some two or three million
dollars, worth from us since the peace policy |
of the Administration was inaugurated.
Mr. .SARGENT. Then this amendment cer-
tainly does not need to apply to Texas.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of some gentleman who has examined these
Indian treaties, whether they provide that we
shall furnish the Indians with seed for agri-
cultural purposes, and to plant annually?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. How is it that the
Indians do not raise the necessary seed every
year, and that the Government is obliged to
send them the corn, wheat, and other grain
necessary to sow and plant, purchased perhaps
in the States and sent out to the Indians
annually? That shows the folly and absurdity
of these treaties perhaps as much as anything.
A treaty provides that from year to year, per-
haps for twenty successive years, the Govern-
ment of the United States shall send them their -
seed to plant and sow, purchased in Illinois
and Iowa, and transported thousands of miles
at a great expense to some remote Indian
agency. What do they do with the seed ? Do
they raise nothing from it?
Mr. CONNER. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia will allow me to answer that question,
I will say that they invariably pull the corn
while it is in the roasting-ear, that it never was
known to mature, and that therefore there is
no seed.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I wish some gentle-
man would say whether they raise anything.
Mr. TAFFE. I can answer the gentleman's
question. He asks what they do with the
seeds. They take the machines, the mowing
machines and the reaping machines sent out
by the Government, and burn them, and cook
the beans and eat them.
Mr. SARGENT. The absurdity which the
gentleman points out I realize as much as he
does; it has been going on for years. In the
last Congress we broke it up as to the future.
Does the gentleman understand that? Where
has he been all this time? He has been here
in Congress ever since my recollection; I had
the pleasure of serving with him in Congress
years ago. But he does not seem to have
awakened to the absurdity of this thing until
just now.
Mr.. FARNS WORTH. Yes; I always
knew it.
Mr. SARGENT. If so, then I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon. In the last Congress we
insisted that these absurd treaties should be
examined by the Senate, and that no more
should be made. Finally we wrested from that
body reluctantly, at the end of a conference
betweeu the two Houses, the provision of law
that no more such treaties should be hereafter
made. But we cannot escape from these obli-
gations imposed by treaties now in force, and
some of which have years yet to run. This
very provision, on which the gentleman makes
his point, is to make an appropriation for
the seventeenth of twenty installments that
we have agreed by treaty to make to this par-
ticular tribe of Indians. But no more cases
of that kind will be presented.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Unless the Senate
make another treaty.
Mr. SARGENT. The law now provides
that they shall not do it; they have given up
that right by a statute to which they have con-
sented.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are above all
laws.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to say that that was
done in a conference committee atter the Sen-
ate had previously broken up two conference
committees upon the subject.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; it was agreed
to in the third conference. At a previous ses-
sion of Congress the Indian appropriation bill
failed to pass and went over, as the result of
the determination of the House to have no
more such treaties hereafter. At the last ses-
sion of the last Congress we had one con-
ference committee, in which the House was
immovable in that determination, and then
another, both of which failed to agree.. Then
there was a third conference, in which the
Senate agreed to a provision, which was put
in statute form, that no more such treaties
should be made ; and there never will be any
more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCOEMICK, of Missouri. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew it for. the
purpose of saying that if the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sabgext] had examined the
Globe, or had noticed what took place in the
House from year to year, he would have dis-
covered that this was not the first time I had
risen to oppose as strongly as I might the ab-
surdity of this practice of making treaties with
these little ragged bands of outlaws. The gen-
tleman asks where I have been all this time.
It seems that no matter what law is in force,
or what we may say, the Senate appears to be
above all law on the subject of treaties. It
makes treaties, as it has a right by the Consti-
tution to do ; and after making a treaty they
then come to the House and insist that we are
bound to carry out the provisions of that treaty,
which I deny. That is where I take issue with
the gentleman from California. I say the House
is not bound to appropriate this money, and
the Senate cannot bind the House by any
treaty to make an appropriation of money. If
so, then the Senate may deplete the Treasury ;
the Senate may sell the territory of the Uni-
ted States ; the Senate may purchase another
country by treaty, and compel us, as in the case
of Alaska, to appropriate the money to pay
for it. According to that idea, we are only
to be bound to the car of the Senate and to
obey its bidding. Why, sir, I expect that if I
should go to sleep like Rip Van Winkle, and
sleep for forty years, and at the end of that
time wake up and return here to this House,
I would still hear the stentorian voice of our
Clerk as he read, "fortieth of the hundred
annual installments" for the Arapakoes, or
Crows, or Assiniboines, for sheep, or seed, or
clothing of the most modern and civilized pat-
tern, or something of that kind. From year
to year we are compelled to go over the same
thing, to come up to the same point of making
appropriations for carrying out some of the
treaty stipulations with these wild Indians.
And the moment any gentleman rises in the
House to oppose such things he is met with
the cry, "Oh, it is the treaty; it is a secret
treaty which the Senate has made," and in
which we have no voice. I do not expect to
affect this matter at all, but I rise to protest
that the Senate has no right by treaty to bind
the House of Representatives to appropriate
money.
Mr. SARGENT. Let me say one word,
and then I will yield the rest of my time to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,]
who I see is seeking the floor.
For the past five years no treaties have been
made with Indian tribes. The attitude of the
House on the question broke up that system
entirely. The House has never contested the
position that treaties which were made prior
to 1867, duly ratified by the Senate and pro-
claimed by the President, and under which
appropriations have been made with the con-
currence of the House, should bo earned out.
In regard to the treaties made in 18G7 we took
our stand and said that we would not provide
for carrying them out, because they had never
been ratified by the-House; we had never made
appropriations under them. But with refer-
ence to treaties made before that time, the
House had recognized them by making from
year to vear appropriations to carry them out.
After a prolonged contest between this House
and the Senate, it was finally, by a compro-
mise, agreed that as to treaties made before
1807 appropriations to carry them out should
be made until they expired. That was lixed,
so far as that Congress could bind any of its
successors. But as to the lature, the Senate
consented to give up the exercise of this power
which it claimed. It has religiously lived up
to that agreement, and so has the executive
department of the Government.
The argument which the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fauxswokth] has. made, is a
familiar one to those who participated in the
debate which took place at the time this excit-
ing question was under discussion. .We then
claimed that the Senate, in its exercise, of .the
treaty-making power under the Constitution,
