1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3467
after the morning hour, say, on Friday of next
week.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Has the gentleman
from Ohio in his files the official correspond-
ence presented by Mr. Nichols as having
passed between himself and the officers of the
Government of the United States?
Mr. BINGHAM. All that I remember ever
having anything to do with, or hearing any-
thing of, 1 believe 1 have here referred to in
jny notes, though the papers may be on file in
the Department.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Reference to the papers
in the gentleman's notes is not what we want.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot answer the gen-
tleman otherwise than I have done.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 understand that the
papers presented by Mr. Nichols as the official
correspondence between him and the officers
of the Government are not on the files and
are not in the possession of the gentleman.
Mr. ,BINGHAM. There is no occasion at
all for saying that there is anything wanting
here which cannot within a reasonable time
be procured.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will my colleague an-
swer me this question: does he know why it is
that Mr. Nichols took those papers away and
declines to answer the letter of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] and return
the papers? What motive has Mr. Nichols?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know anything
about that. I never had a word with him on
this subject. I never heard of the matter ex-
cept from the lips of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Voorhees.] I yield to the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why not
to me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will after a while.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
have been two speeches on that side and none
on this.
Mr. BINGHAM I am not sure of that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We must
have a little fair play in this mutter, or you
will not carry this through to-night.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to make, very briefly,
a statement of this matter as it appears to
me. The resolution of inquiry was sent to the
Committee on the Judiciary early in the ses-
sion, and there was a prolonged argument by
eminent and distinguished counsel in behalf
of the two contesting railroads. ^ The commit-
tee voted to ask the House to allow us to be
discharged from the further consideration^
the subject several months ago, since which
time I have not heard a word about this mat-
ter in the committee from any source.
Mr. Nichols, who has been alluded to, was
one of the counsel who appeared for one of
the railroads before the committee, and he
read from a certain printed brief. I did not
understand him to have submitted his briel to
the committee, and he took it away. I have
never seen it. That side of the case was ar-
gued by Mr. Nichols and ex Attorney Gen-
eral Hoar, orally, and it was argued on the
other side by a printed brief, which was read,
and a I stt by oral argument of ex-Senator Hen-
derson, of Missouri.
Mr. Speaker, the thing is in a nut shell.
The question is, which of three railroads owns
some lands, or does any of them own it, or is
any of them entitled to it. or does it oelong
to the Government of the United States? _ As
to the issue between those two railroads, it is
a very nice question of lav/, which should be
decided bv a deliberate tribunal. It belongs
to the decision of the Interior Department;
and if eitherparty is dissatisfied with the con-
clusion there, they can go to the courts, i he
counsel for both of these railroads said to the
committee, in so many words, they did not
desire our investigation. They said m my
hearing, and in reply to questions 1 put to
them, both Mr. Hoar and Mr. Henderson,
they preferred we should let them alone, ana
they would go before the Secretary of the
Interior, and if either party got an unsatisfac-
tory result they would go farther. And I have
been entreated, as one of the members of the
committee, by counsel on both sides of the
question, to make this report to the House
and have an end of it; because the Interior
Department will give is no consideration ; they
will hear neither party, until we discharge our-
selves from its consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM, and Mr. BUTLER of
Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. PETERS. Allow me to complete my
statement; and I will yield to nobody while I
make it.
Mr. Speaker, that is the position of these
railroads. We are not fit up there in the com-
mittee-room, in the haste and wantof deliber-
ation, having a mass of business pressing upon
our attention, to sit as a court and determine
the nice question of law between these parties,
nor do they want us to do it, but have be-
sought ns to take our bands off to let them go to
the Department and the courts for their rights.
In the beginning it was otherwise. Why?
Because the Interior Department made a de-
cision in the first place ex parte. They imme-
diately receded from it on the request of the
other party, and there is where they should
have their status. It was rescinded on the
application of Mr. Henderson.
Now, one thing further. Supposing, Mr.
Speaker, the land does not belong to either of
these corporations, but belongs to the United
States, the view of the commit tee is that the
Secretary of the Interior is able to take care
of our rights. If they get the land from us
without legal title, they will get it, from our-
selves with our Department of the Interior,
with our officers, with our Attorney General
and other officers acting lor us in our intorest.
If I understand my friend from Massachu-
86 Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You did
not understand me, fori hud not been allowed
to Bay a word. When I say something then
you will understand me.
Mr. PETERS. If I can understand from
what he said before, his object in the minority
report is to pass a statute relating to the ques-
tion between these railroads. The questions
whether you will take from the Department
of the Interior the decision of questions which
it has had from the beginning of the Govern-
ment and give it to the Judiciary Committees
of the House and Senate ; that is the question
as 1 understand it. The question be!ween the
railroads can be better decided elsewhere.
We have not the time, and we have not the
opportunity lieceBsary ior such deliberation.
In the contest between the Government anil
the railroads before the Department ot the
Interior and the courts the Government can
take care of itself. It seems to me that is a.
plain statement of the subject, which ought
never in my judgment to have come befoto
the House or been sent to the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, ad dressed
the House for ten minutes. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 now yield eight min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [i\lr.
Goodrich.] a memher of the committee.
Mr. GOODRICH. It is with some reluc
lance that 1 undertake to say anything upon a,
matter which divides the committee of which
I am a humble memher. The clianman ot
the committee [Mr. Bixgiiam] undertakes on
this occasion to make a report, m which he
asks that the committee shall be rely ved from
the further consideration of the resolution that
was referred to it. Members of the committee
come forward now and claim that ttiey should
be allowed to make a minority report. As 1
understand, the chairman of the committee
yields to allow them to make a minority
BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
5ieMr.eGO°ODRIGH. And instead of making
that report, those members of the committee
who come here and ask that opportunity, are
here to rediscuss the questions of fact and of
law that were considered by the committee,
and which were settled and decided by a
majority of the committee, and the report
now made through its chairman is with the
sanction of a majority of that committee.
The precise question which is now before
the House, as I understand it, is whether the
action of a respectable committee oft his House
shall be thwarted in the manner that has been
here indicated. I do not know how that is in
fact, but it seems to me that it is nut proper at
all to undertake to discuss upon eiiher side
here the facts that appeared before the com-
mittee, it that were in order, and this were
the proper occasion, it would give me great
satisfaction, if time were allowed, to show, as
I undertake to say can be done roost conclu-
sively, that every member of the emit milled
who has the slightest regard to propriety or to
the regularity of proceedings by this body,
would entirely agree that the decision arrived
at by the majority of the committee was
correct.
Sir, it appeared before the committee that
there were three claimants to these lauds, and
each one of the three was a railroad company,
and each one may be assumed to have or not
to have friends either in this body or oulside
of this body. And each claimed the lands
upon the ground that ihe first standing in the
line of claims had failed to do what was essen-
tial to entitle them to the lauds.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it appeared perfectly
clear to the committee that caeh one sought
the decision and report ot the Jndieiarv Com-
mittee merely as an aid to proceedings to be
taken elsewhere It is essential lo proceed-
ings to be cari ied on either in the conits or
before the proper Secretary; and as the cum-
mil tee dul not leel itself at liberiy to be thus
used, and thought that it was not ilue to decide
the rights of either one ot the parties, it
simply decided that it ought to he released
from idI furl her consideration of the matter,
and remit each p.iriy back to the claim that he
might have before any tribunal. And them
the committee have leit I he ir.dter. I here is
no member of the House that can have any
knowledge of the case thai would not see
the propriety of the cour.se taken by tjie
committee. Is there not, ample opportunity
for either claimant 10 make good it s right bo-
foiethe proper Secretary? And it it tails lo
do so,caeh or eiiher one of iheui can go soihe
courts. But let neiiher have the sanction of a
commit!ee of a legislative body. The case
belongs to the cx«-cuiivtj department and to
the courts of the country, and one should have
no more advantage given to it th<ui fh« oihor.
But that is not the question here. ] he
question here is whether something in lieu of
the minority report shall be allowed to ovei-
ride the action of one of the respectable com-
mittees ol this body. 1 may say that loi my-
sell, as an humble member of the committeo,
1 listened attentively to everything that was
said before the committee. 1 cmeiturned a
conviction, as clear as any conviction 1 ever
entenamed in my life, that it was |>vecisely a
ease where a committee of a legifd-mve body
had no right lo interlere, and that mtei luieuce
was unjustifiable it' "ot even woise, and in
ihat opinion I Stood by the bide of the re-
spected chairman ot the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 now yield five, minutes
to the gentleman lrom W isconsui, [Mr. LlJO-
reiig e.J . .
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, it must be
apparent to the Douse that this cu^e involves
questions of too much importance even to be
stated in live minutes. The committee, vvlmn
this subject was first commuted to imui,
started out uuder embarrassment iron- the
fact that they were not empower, d to send
tor persons and papers, lliey w-re requuei
to investigate certain tacts which they could
