1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
cent, to their compensation. This, I think, is
a little less than twenty per cent.
Mr. COLE. The amendment provides no
time when it shall take effect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will say "from and
after the passage of this act," or "from the
time this act shall go into effect."
Mr. COLE. The Senator had better reserve
it for some other bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will say "from the 1st
of July, 1872."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the amendment will be modified
in that respect.
Mr. HILL. I propose, without any desire
to embarrass the proposition before the Senate,
to offer an amendment to it, merely because
this is a convenient place to put it. I send it
to the desk.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Georgia let this be disposed of first, and let
each stand o.n its own merits?
Mr. HILL. The difficulty is I have given
no notice of this amendment, nor does it come
from any committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the Senator cannot
move it to my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment would not be in order then, by being
offered as an amendment to this.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator has given
no notice of it he cannot move any amend-
ment increasing the amount of appropriation.
Mr. HILL. I do not propose to increase
that. It is an amendment not expending
money.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is an act of justice
long needed and long delayed. I hope the
Senator from Georgia will not embarrass it by
putting anything upon it.
Mr. HILL. I do not propose to spend any
money or to make any appropriation at all. I
propose to do what the Senator is doing,_ no
doubt, to perform a long-neglected act of jus-
tice.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator let that
stand on its own merits, and let this stand on
its merits? Why connect the two together?
Mr. HILL. I inquire of the Chair whether
I can introduce an independent amendment
here of which no notice has been given ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the Chair
understands the statement of the Senator from
Georgia, his amendment would be out of order
•whether offered as an independent amendment
to the bill or as an amendment to the pending
amendment. It is out of order in either case.
Mr. HILL. May I inquire of the Chair how
the distinction occurs between this amendment
that I propose and the one which I offeredto
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is speaking of an amendment to be proposed
by the Senator from Georgia without having
seen it, and only from the character given it
by the Senator himself.
Mr. HILL. The amendment is to raise
ga] jpq
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator will send his amendment to the desk and
have it reported the Chair will rule upon it.
Mr. HILL. I send it up to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment to the amendment, as follows:
After the 4th of March, 1873, the annual salary of
the President of the United States shall be $50,000;
and after the 4th of March, 1872, the salaries of the
Vice President and of the Speaker of the House of
Representatives of the United States, respectively,
shall be $10,000 per annum, and the annual salaries
of Senators and Representatives of the United
States shall be $7,500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of the opinion that the amendment is in
order. [Laughter.] It is not such an amend-
ment as was represented by the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
question of order. If this amendment should
pass, it would clearly Create a charge upon
the Treasury, and as such it is in my judg-
ment out of order.
Mr. HILL. Would not that be true of
what has been done?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order, sustaining the
decision made yesterday, which was substan-
tially upon the same point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to lay the amendment to the amendment on
the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 offer the following
amendment, to come in after line eight hun-
dred and sixty-five, on page 36 :
For putting in repair the building and grounds
of the branch mint at New Orleans, $10,000.
For three watchmen to supervise and protect the
building and machinery, 82,000.
Mr. 'SPENCER. I move to amend the
amendment 
Mr. COLE. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state the point of order.
Mr. COLE. No notice of the amendment
has been given, and it proposes a new item of
appropriation. It comes within the letter of
the rule.
Mr. KELLOGG. In addition to the notice
given yesterday, I report this amendment from
the* Committee on the Levees of the Missis-
sippi. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the amend-
ment has been reported by a committee and
notice given as required by the rules, the Chair
rules it to be in order.
Mr. COLE. Not unless notice was given,
and it lias been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Louisiana to
say that notice was given.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Senate will remem-
ber that I gave notice yesterday, and the Chair
asked from what committee, apd I said from the
select Committee on Levees. I could not
then go around to see all the members of the
committee, but I have their authority now.
Mr. COLE. The requirement is that the
amendment shall be presented and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations a day before-
hand. I do not know what notice may have
been given verbally. That does not comply
with the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from Louisiana
whether the proposed amendment was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir ; and I make the
point that that is not required by the rule
where an amendment is reported by a stand-
ing or select committee of the Senate, notice
having been given twenty-four hours in ad-
vance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
clause of the thirtieth rule is :
"AH amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
Therefore, if this proposed amendment was
not referred to the committee yesterday, it is
clearly out of order.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would like to inquire
of the Chair if notice given in the Senate does
not come within the operation of the rule,
without a reference to the Committee on
Appropriations? ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it does not.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is out of order.
Mr. SPENCER. I offer the following
amendment:
That the salary of the chief clerk of the State
Department shall bo $3,000 per annum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right. He is
one of the most useful men in the Govern-
ment, I must say.
Mr. COLE. I rise to remonstrate against the
demoralization of my fx-iend from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ireturnmyfrieud'scom-
pliment, and say that I am not demoralized
at all. This body has determined that this is
the time, and, as the poet says, " now is the
hour," for doing this thing, and from my own
personal knowledge I will say that the chief
clerk of the State Department, who has been
there for many years, is one of the most wor-
thy and deserving officers of the Government,
and he earns every day twice the salary you
pay him.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an objection to
this amendment that I trust Senators will not
be so hasty in acting on it as to overlook.
This officer is no more important and performs
no more important duties than at least forty
men of the same grade and rank. Therefore,
if it is proposed to increase the salary of the
chief clerk of one Department, it ought to
extend to the chief clerks of all the Depart-
ments and bureaus; make it general. The
great trouble is that you single out a partic-
ular officer because some Senator may think
he is very worthy, his work having been
brought to that Senator's attention, and he
moves to increase his salary. That is a spe-
cial gratuity; but when you propose to con-
fer a salary on a rank, or office, or position,
you ought to treat all alike. ' For instance, the
chief clerk of the Treasury Department, the
chief clerk of the War Department 
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me to interrupt him, the chief clerk
of the Treasury Department, I think, now gets
a salary of $3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law fixes all the
chief clerks of Departments on the same foot-
ing. There are four gradations of clerks, and
then chief clerks of bureaus, then chief clerks
of Departments. If the Senate'has made up
its mind that these chief clerks are underpaid,
it had better increase the salary by a gen-
eral description of the office in the different
Departments rather than by selecting a single
one.
Mr. SPENCER. I am willing to acceptan
amendment including all the chief clerks of
Departments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think this sub-
ject has been considered by a committee. I
think we ought not to vote in regard to these
officers without the full consideration of a com-
mittee as to the number of officers to be pro-
vided for. In regard to the heads of bureaus
we had that matter considered for three years
by several committees who uniformly reported
in one way. But the increase of the pay of a
single clerk is quite a different matter. I hope
the Senator will withdraw it, and let the matter
await the consideration of the general revision
of the service of these officers.
Mr. SPENCER. I introduced early in the
session a bill increasing the pay of the clerks
of the different Departments. That bill was
referred to the Committee on Finance, of
which the Senator from Ohio is chairman, and
reported adversely.
I wish to state that the salary of the chief
clerk of the State Departmentis less than that
of the chief clerks of other Departments. The
chief clerk of the Treasury Department, I
understand, gets $3,000 a year; the appoint-
ment clerk of the Treasury Department gets
a salary of $3,000 a year.
Mr. COLE. I want to correct the gentle-
man.
Mr. SPENCER. I am on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama declines to yield.
