728
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 18,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laios of the United, States.
of July fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight; for the apprehension, securing, and
delivering of deserters, and the expenses inci-
dent to their pursuit; and for the following
expenditures required for the several regi-
ments of cavalry, the batteries of light artil-
lery, and such companies of infantry as may
be mounted, viz, the purchase of travelling
forges, blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse
and mule shoes and nails, iron and steel for
shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons, medi-
cines for horses and mules, picket-ropes, and
for shoeing the horses of the corps named;
also, generally, the proper and authorized
expenses for the movement and operations of
an army not expressly assigned to any other
department, three hundred and twenty five
thousand dollars.
Barracks and quarters :
For rent or hire of quarters for troops,
and for officers on military duty ; of store-
houses for safe-keeping of military stores;
of officcs; of grounds for camps and can-
tonments, and for temporary frontier sta-
tions ; for construction and repairs of tem-
porary huts; of stables, and other military
buildings at established posts; for construc-
tion and repair of hospitals ; and for repairs
of buildings occupied by the Army, six hun-
dred and twenty live thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That hereafter barracks and quarters,
and all buildings and structures whatever of a
permanent nature, shall he constructed upon
special authority, to be given by act of Con-
gress, except, when constructed by the troops;
and no such stiuctures whose cost shall exceed
twenty thousand dollars shall be erected or
continued in erection unless by such authority
so specially granted.
Clothing and equipage:
For put-chase and manufacture of clothing,
camp and garrison equipage, and for pre-
serving and repacking stock of clothing, camp
and garrison equipage, and materials on hand
at the Schuylkill arsenal and other depots, one
hundred thousand dollars.
hot' the preservation of Army clothing and
ejjuipage, fifty thousand dollars: Provided,
That there shall be no claim upon the United
Slates for the use of any patent for the manner
of or material for doing the same.
Ordnance and ordnance stores:
For purchase of ordnance and ordnance
stores, to continue the armament of certain
southern forts, one hundred thousand dollars.
For establishing and maintaining national
military cemeteries, fifty thousand dollars ; and
the appropriations for collecting, drilling, and
organizing volunteers, heretofore considered
as permanent appropriations, are hereby con-
tinued and made available for the service of
the present fiscal year only, so far as the same
may be necessary to pay the usual clencal
service heretofore paid out of said appropria-
tions in the War Department.
Miscellaneous.
For payment of any balance due, or to be
found due, during the present fiscal year, to
any State, tor costs, charges, and expenses
contemplated and provided for in and by the
act approved .July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, being an act to indem-
nify certain States for expenses incurred by
them in enrolling, equipping, and transporting
troops for the defence of the United States
during the late rebellion, one million dollars.
Signal Office.
Observation and report of storms :
For manufacture, purchase, or repair of me-
teorological and other necessary instruments;
for telegraphing reports; for expenses ofstorm-
siguals, announcing probable approach and
force of storms; tor instrument-shelters; for
hire, furniture, and expense of offices main-
tained for public use in cities or posts receiv-
ing reports ; for maps, bulletins, and so forth,
to be displayed in Chambers of Commerce and
Board of Trade rooms, and for distribution ;
for books and stationery; and for incidental
expenses not otherwise provided for, sixty-one
thousand and fifty dollars: Provided, That no
part of this appropriation, nor of any appro-
priation for the several Departments of the
Government, shall be paid to any telegraphic
company which shall neglect or refuse to
transmit telegraphic communications between
said Departments, their officers, agents, or
employees, under the provisions of the second
section of chapter two hundred and thirty of
the statutes of the United States for the
year eighteen hundred and sixty six, and at
rates of compensation therefor to be estab-
lished by the Postmaster General.
To furnish transportation to insane volun-
teer soldiers at any time entitled to be
admitted into the Government hospital at
Washington, one thousand dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors at the
Military Academy at West Point, two thousand
dollars.
Public buildings and grounds in and around
Washington, under the chief of engiueers of
the War Department: for repairs and improve-
ments, viz : for survey and map in accordance
with the provisions of the joint resolution of
July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For grading and paving circle at the inter-
section of Vennontand Massachusetts avenues
for fiscal years ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, and June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, five thou-
sand seven hundred and eighty-nine dollars
and eighty-two cents.
For stationery for the office, one hundred
and twenty-four dollars and thirty-two cents.
For repairs on the Executive Mansion, ten
thousand three hundred and forty-five dollars.
For additional compensation to the assistant
doorkeeper at the Executive Mansion, for the
fiscal year ending June thirteenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, three hundred and
sixty dollars.
For the executive avenue and adjacent
grounds, recently inclosed, for grading, pav-
ing, and otherwise completing the work dur-
ing the fiscal years ending .Tune thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
twenty-five thousand two hundred aud nine-
teen dollars and twenty five cents.
Contingencies of the Army prior to July
first, eighteen hundred and seventy:
Forfeesofattorneys at law employed by the
War Department; expenses of suits incurred
previous to act of June twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and Seventy, creating the Department
of Justice ; the cost aud chaiges of State pen-
itentiaries for the care and maintenance of
United States military convicts confined in
them; the pay of detectives and scouts ; and
for compensation of provost marshals em-
ployed by the Secretary of War in eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, fifty thousand dollars.
Freedmen's hospitals aud asylum:
To reimburse the commissary department
for supplies furnished the Freedmen's Bureau
prior to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, thirty-four thousand doilars.
Military convicts at State penitentiaries :
For payment of costs and charges of State
penitentiaries for the care, clothing, mainte-
nance, and medical attendance of United
States military convicts confined in them, ten
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to pay for
additional clerical services heretofore employed
by him in the investigation and settlement of
accounts for abandoned and captured property,
one thousand dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Naval Establishment.
Marine corps:
For rent of quarters for officers, where there
are no public quarters, one thousand five hun-
dred and thirty-ninedollars and thirteen cents.
For forage for horses belonging to field
and staff officers of the marines, one thousand
four hundred and forty-seven dollars and
thirty-four cents.
For indispensable miscellaneous articles for
the use of the marine barracks at Brooklyn,
New York, and for other posts, seven hun-
dred and thirty-one dollars and sixty cents.
This item and the two preceding items are
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one.
For hire of officers' quarters where there
are no public quarters, eight thousand three
hundred and fifty-four dollars.
For forage for horses for field and staff offi-
cers, three thousand five hundred and forty
dollars.
For pay account for per diem to Marine
band, one thousand five hundred dollars. Tliis
item and the two preceding items are for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two.
For completion of the survey of a route for
a ship-canal between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans, by the routes of Tehuantepec and
Nicaragua, with reports upon the same, twenty
thousand dollars; and to complete the survey
of theDarien route, five thousand dollars.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Pension Office.
To reimburse the contingent fund of the
Pension Office for expenses incurred in re-
moving the papers and files of said office to
the Seaton House, and in refitting rooms in
said building, the sum of ten thousand five
huudred and fifty-seven dollars and seventy-
eight cents.
To pay six clerks of class one and six clerks
of class two, to be employed in the examina-
tion of claims for pensions to the survivors of
the war of eighteen hundred and twelve, which
the Secretary is hereby authorized to employ
for one year, and no longer, fifteen thousand
six huudred dollars ; and this appropriation is
available for said purpose for one year, and
no longer.
For deficiency for fuel and lights in the
Interior Department, one thousand two huu-
dred and eighty-two dollars.
Land Office.
For contingent expenses of district land
offices for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred aud seventy, five thousand
dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation
for the expense of depositing public moneys
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one, eight thousand
dollars; and for a deficiency in the appropri-
ations for clerks in the olliee of the surveyor
general of California, five hundred dollars.
Patent Office.
To provide for the plates of an official Ga-
zette of the Patent Office abstracts of the draw-
ings of patents issued, thirteen thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Patents: Prodded, That one copy
of said Gazette shall be furnished to each Sen-
ator, Representative, and Delegate in Con-
gress ; aud one copy each shall be sent to eight
such public libraries as may be designated by
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate,
and two copies to the Libraiy of Congress
