1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Provided further, That a subscription price
of not less than five dollars per annum for said
Gazette shall be charged to each subscriber;
and all sums received from such subscription
shall be, on or before the first day of each
month, paid into the Treasury.
For the Public Printing.
For the additional expense of printing and
stitching the Patent Office official Gazette, with
the abstracts of specifications and drawings,
five thousand four hundred and twenty-five
dollars.
Census.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the expenses of the ninth census, twenty
thousand dollars, and such sum as may be
Decessary to pay the remainder due* census-
takers, for taking ibe eighth census : Provided,
That the amount of money paid under this
appropriation shall not exceed in all twenty-
five thousand dollars.
Public Works.
Columbia Institute for the Deaf and Dumb :
for furnishing and fitting up the buildings of
the institution, six thousand dollars.
For repairs of buildings of said institute
during fiscal year ending J uue thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy-two, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
To commence the proper fitting up, in a
fire-proof manner, of the vacant apartments in
the Smithsonian Institution building for the
proper distribution and exhibition of the
Government collections of natural history,
geology, and mineralogy, five thousand dol-
lars.
For the preparation and publication of the
maps, charts, geological sections, and other
engravings necessary to illustrate the final
report of the United States geological sur-
vey of the Territories, by Professor Hayden,
ten thousand dollars, to be expended under
the directiou of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
For the payment of clerks in the office of
the surveyor general of the State of Louisiana,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the repair and improvement of the Con-
gressional Cemetery, to be expended under
tbe direction of the warden and vestry of
Washiugton parish, District of Columbia, three
thousand dollars.
For the completion of the United States
court-house at Charleston, South Carolina, one
hundred and two dollars and eight cents.
Capitol Extension.
For the purpose of buying and putting in
place a new boiler, water-tank, and steam-
pump in the south wing of the Capitol, ten
thouband dollars ; and the disbursing clerk of
the Interior Department is hereby required to
disburse all moneys appropriated for the Uni-
ted States Capitol extension and improvement
of tbe grounds, and to receive therefor an
annual compensation of one thousand dollars,
to be paid from said appropriation, from Oc-
tober lirst, eighteen hundred and seventy-one :
Pi added, That in the adjustment of the ac-
counts ot F. VV. demons, late disbursing
agent of the Capitol extension, the accounting
olliceis of the Treasury are hereby authorized
and directed to allow him the sum ot eight
hundred dollars, to be paid from the appropri-
ations heretofore made for expenses ol the
ninth census, as compensation for increased
responsibility and labor in disbursing said
appropriations from October first, eighteen
hundred and seventy, to September thirtieth,
eiglileen hundred and seventy-one.
For additional lamps and service-pipe injhe
east and west parks, Capitol grouuda, tour
thousand dollars.
Indian Bureau.
For tbis amount, to pay to the Seneca In-
dians the interest due on the sum of forty
thousand dollars, held in trust for them as
provided in the treaty of February twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, from
June eighteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, the date of the ratification of said treaty,
to November first, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one. the date when interest on stocks
purchased with said sum of forty thousaud
dollars commenced to accrue, six thousand
seven hundred and thirty-three dollars and
thirty-three cents, which amount shall be paid
direct to said Seneca Indians, and not to au
agent, attorney, or other person claiming to
act for them.
For this amount, to replace the sum appro-
priated by the act of July twenty-eighth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, under the provision
of the sixth article of treaty with the Semi-
noles of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, aud ninth article of the treaty
with the Creeks of June fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, for the erection of
agency buildings on the reservations of said
tribes, twenty thousand dollars.
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to supply the Kaw tribe of Indians
in Kansas with subsistence, to relieve their
immediate and pressing wants, the same to be
reimbursed to the United States, from the
proceeds of the sale of lands of the said In-
dians, when the same shall have been sold
under existing treaty stipulations, ten thousaud
dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for subsisting the Navajo In-
dians in New Mexico, for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-two, sixty thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to subsist the Apache Indiaus
of Arizona and New Mexico during the re-
mainder of the present fiscal year, who shall
be upon the reservation and peacefully remain
there, or who shall otherwise maintain peaceful
relations with the United States, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the subsistence, civilization,
and care of the Arickaree, Gros Ventre, and
Mandan Indians, at Fort Berthold agency,
Dakota, during the remainder of the present
fiscal year, forty thousaud dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, lor the subsistence of the In-
dians at the Milk River agency, in Montana
(including eight thousand Sioux now collected
at that place], for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For this amount, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, in
providing subsistence and clothing for the
Osage Indians, and aiding them in establish-
ing themselves in their new homes, to be re-
imbursed to the United States from the interest
on the net proceeds of the sale of their lands
in Kansas, as provided by the second article
ot the treaty with the Great and Little Osages,
of Septemoer twenty-nine, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, and the twelfth section of the
act of July fifteen, eighteen hundred and
seventy, fifty thousand dollars: Provided.
That no person shall receive any part of the
money appropriated by this act tor any services
01' pretended services as attorney, counsellor,
or ageut, for any tribe, or Indian, or Indians,
for whom any part of these appropriations are
made. Any person violating this provision
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall be tinea in double the amount so received.
For this amount, being the_ balance on
account due the Quapaw tribe ot Indians for
a certain tract of land in the State of Kansas,
containing seven thousand six hundred and
thirty-two hundredths acres, ceded by said
tribe to the United States in accordance with,
the terms of the fourth article of the treaty
with Senecas, Mixed Senec-as, and Shawnees,
Quapaws, confederated Peorias, Kaskaskias,
Weas, and Piankeshaws, Ottawas of Blanch-
ard's Fork and Roche de Bceuf, and certain
Wyandotts, concluded February twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven (Statutes,
volume fifteen, page five hundred and thir-
teen), four thousand five hundred dollars and
forty cents.
For this amount, to be taken from any funds
in the Treasury of the United States belong-
ing to the confederated bands of Peorias,
Kaskaskias, Weas, and Piankeshaws, to make
good to the Quapaw tribe of Indians the esti-
mated value of eighteen thousand five hun-
dred and twenty-two and fifty hundredths
acres of land lying south of Kansas, ceded
by them to the United States under the terms
of the fourth article of the treaty with the
Senecas, Mixed Senecas, and Shawnees, Qfta-
paws, confederated Peorias, KaRkaskias,
Weas, and Piankeshaws, Ottawas of Blanch-
ard's Fork and Roche de Bceuf, and certain
Wyandotts, concluded February twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven (Statutes,
volume fifteen, page five hundred and thir-
teen), which lands were, by the twenty-sec-
ond article of said treaty, granted and sold to
the confederated bands of Peorias, Kaskas-
kias, Weas, and Piankeshaws, at the same
rate as paid by the Government, twenty-one
thousand three hundred dollars and eighty-
seven cents.
JUDICIAL.
District Courts of the United States.
For salaries of district judges for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, fourteen thousand three
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the courts of
the United States, including the District of
Columbia ; for jurors and witnesses, and ex-
penses of suits in which the United States are
concerned; of prosecutions.for offenses com-
mitted against the United States; for the safe-
keeping of prisoners; and for the expenses
which may be incurred in the enforcement of
the act of February twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, for the four months
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, one million dollars.
To enable the commissioners on revision of
the statutes of the United States to expedite
the work and furnish clerical and other assist-
ance, and supply contingencies, the sum of
nine thousand dollars is hereby appropriated,
to be paid from time to time as the work pro-
gresses, upon vouchers approved by all the
commissioners: Provided, That this appropri-
ation shall continue available until June thirty,
eighteen huudred and seveniy-three.
To enable the clerk of the Court of Claims
to pay attorneys', commissioners', and mar-
shals' fees for the years ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, aud June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, eight
hundred dollars; and for attorneys' and com-
missioners' fees, paid by the clerk of the court
in excess of the appropriations for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, three hundred and forty-one dollars
and fourteen cents.
To purchase books for the Department of
Justice, two thousaud five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury in
his discretion to pay the judgment entered by
the circuit court of tbe Uniiea States for the
northern district of Florida, in the c>>se of
Theodore T. Edgertou against Jesse VV. Cul*
