1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4365
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move to lay the
appeal on the table, being very sorry that I
cannot add more.
Mr. SAULS BURY. I inquire if it is in
order to move to indefinitely postpone the
motion of the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that is not in order. The question is,
shall this appeal lie on the table ?
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The roll-call having been concluded,
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to state that some
southern members have left the city, and
before they left they told me they had paired.
Mr. CASSERLY. This motion is not de-
batable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
debatable.
The result was announced—yeas 28, nays
22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Conk ting, Corbett, Cragm, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe,
Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy. Fool, Pratt, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, and Windom—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Featon, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Hansom, Sauls-
bury, Sehurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton. Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and West—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Ferry of-Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldth-
waite, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Osborn,
Patterson, Rice, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Spen-
oer, Stewart, Sumner, Wilson, and Wright—24.
So the appeal was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to indefinitely
postpone the bill.
Mr. President, nothing that has happened
since I have had a seat in the Senate has given
roe more surprise and more pain than the vote
which has just been taken. I did suppose
that the rule which was adopted by the Sen-
ate, and whieh we unanimously applied to this
bill, relying upon what we supposed to be its
fair, honest, and well-understood meaning,
would not be extended in the way that this
vote indicates, extended in a way that takes
every Senator on this floor who votes against
the extension not only by surprise, but creates
in his mind unaffected astonishment. What
is the principle that has this moment been de-
termined by the Senate? Why, sir, it is that
you may amend any law on the statute-book
in reference to which there is any appropria-
tion made in this bill; amend it indefinitely ;
amend it without limit; go over almost the
whoje statute-book of the United States be-
cause there is an appropriation for executing
that law. Sir, let us see what it is._
The first appropriation in this bill is under
the head of " the Treasury Department,'' and
relates to life-saving stations. Now, sir,_ if
this decision to which the Senate has just
come be the true ruling, the true interpreta-
tion of this rule, then we can amend by this
bill all the laws in relation to life-saving sta-
tions. Then comes the "revenue-cutter ser-
vice," and you may go on and amend all the
Jaws in relation to that service. Then, sir,
come the " marine hospital service;" you may
amend all the laws in relation to that service.
Then comes "loans and Treasury notes and
national currency," and you may amend the
entire national bank law, and all this under a
five minutes rule of debate, and y 0 u may amend
all the laws in relation to the issue of green-
backs, and limit the debate to five minutes.
Then comes " detection and punishment of
counterfeiting," and under that you may amend
all the criminal laws on the statute-book in
relation to the crime of counterfeiting. Then
comes "the contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate," and you may amend all the laws in rela-
tion to them. Then eomes the "judiciary,"
and you may amend every judicial act upon the
statute-book, every one from the act of 1*789
down to this day, and limit debate to five min-
utes, the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court,
the jurisdiction of the circuit court, the juris-
diction of the district court, the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims, the jurisdiction of the
courts of the District of Columbia, the writ of
habeas corpus, everything that appertains to
the judiciary, every statute passed since the
foundation of the Government is open to
amendment or repeal, and that is under a
debate limited to five minutes under this ruling
which has just been made by the Senate! That
is the truth about it. Why, sir, I would a
thousand times rather have the previous ques-
tion of the House of Representatives than this.
But that is not all. Let us go on and see
what may be done under this ruling. Then
comes " miscellaneous," " for continuing the
collection of statistics of mines and mining."
Under that you may amend all the laws upon
that subject. Then comes " the geological
survey." You may amend all the Taws upon
that. Then "the survey of the Colorado."
You may amend all the laws on that, and so
on. I need not take any of the time of the
Senate with that. Then here is "the Coast
Survey." You may amend all the laws in
respect to that. " Mail contracts." You
may amend all the post office laws. The
"District of Columbia." You may amend
all the laws in relation to the District of
Columbia. " Supervising inspectors of steam
vessels." You may add the steamboat bill
that is before the Senate to this bill under this
ruling that has been made. Then comes the
question of the steamer Kearsarge "for the
destruction of the rebel cruiser Alabama,"
and you may move payment of the Alabama
claims on this bill, and it is all germane and
proper. In a word, there is scarcely a stat-
ute on the statute-book that may not be
amended under this ruling that the Senate
has just made, and all under a five-minutes
rule of debate.
Sir, Senators may smile as much as they
please; they may think this is a very smart
trick—no, I will not use the word "trick,"
for it is not respectful; they may think this is
very sharp practice, that this is a very acute
thing on the part of the majority that has
power to do what it pleases. But I -say it is
not good faith. I say it is not a fair inter-
pretation of this rule. I say that it is a ruling
which makes the rule absolutely nugatory for
the purposes for which it was adopted, abso-
lutely so. Worse than all that, Mr. President,
it is a rule that utterly stifles everything like
debate, and that upon the most important
questions which can concern the Senate or
the American people. _ Why, sir, is it so that
whenever an appropriation is made to execute
an existing law you can move as an amend-
ment under this rule, and limit debate to five
minutes, any amendment whatsoever of that
law? If that is the case, I pray to know
whether there is any freedom of debate left in
this body ? Sir, we had better stop all debate
at once if that is the case. _ Under this inter-
pretation you can at any time on an appro-
priation bill pass any measure you please, to
repeal or to amend a statute of the United
States, and limit all debate to five minutes
upon it. Is that the purpose of this Senate?
Sir, one of the distinguishing characteristics of
the Senate of the United States has been that
it never would adopt the previous question,
that it always adhered to the doctrine of full
and free debate in this Chamber. And now it
is proposed, by an interpretation of a rule that
I venture to say nobody ever dreamed of be-
fore, to stifle free speech and stifle debate
in a way that never was known in any legisla-
tive chamber in this world. That is what it
comes to.
What is this rule, I pray once more, under
the interpretation that is given to it? Why, it
is that if there is any appropriation made to
execute an existing statute, any amendment
altering or modifying or even repealing that
statute is in order. That is the ruling, and
upon that question of repealing or amending,
for instance, the national bank law, the ques-
tion of amending the law in relation, to the
issue of Treasury notes, amending the law in
relation to the constitution of the Treasury
Department itself, its powers and its duties,
all these great questions or any others equally
great may be moved as amendments to an ap-
propriation bill and all debate limited to five
minutes. That is what this ruling is. It is
nothing less than that, and I s$y again that
never since I have been in the Senate have I
known a ruling that so astonished me or gave
me so much pain as this.
I have thought that the Senate of the United
States would at least accord to the minority on
this floor the privilege of debate. That priv-
ilege I supposed belonged to a Senator of the
United States; but now, under an interpreta-
tion of this rule, all debate upon any question,
however important, may be limited to five
minutes. It is only necessary that there shall
be an appropriation bill, and any statute what-
soever, to execute which there is an appropri-
ation contained in the bill, may be amended,
modified, changed, altered, at the will of the
majority of the Senate, and all debate upon it
stifled.
I say to Senators, beware before you adopt
such a rule as this. There was a time when
the Republican party marched to victory with
"free speech" upon its banners. There
was a time when it claimed that in every
part of this country there should be free
speech. There was a time when the silencing
of voices and preventing the utterance of the
thoughts of even.the smallest minority, was
considered a crime against humanity and a
crime against the Constitution of the couiitry.
But now in the highest legislative Chamber of
the country we find a rule that stifles free
speech utterly, and places the whole body of
the statute law of the land at the mercy of a
numerical-majority of the Senate without any
debate whatsoever on the merits of the propo-
sition to modify or to repeal it. I say it will
not do to talk about free speech any more.
You had better say at once, with Napoleon I,
"I hate phrase mongers." Yoa had better
at once adopt the Jogie of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chamdi.er,] the other day,
who hates all "o-ra-tors," as he calls them,
despises everthing like speech; establish mili-
tary rule, have no discussion ; discussions are
always hostile to tyranny. There never was
a tyrant yet who loved discussion ; there never
was one yet who did not frown down debate.
What reason is there that this body should
sit at all to discuss and to debate? Why not
have but one arbitrary rule that a bare numeri-
cal majority without debate shall decide every-
thing ? Or rather, why not go the entire length
and say that Congress shail be dispetsed and
the will of one silent, reticent man—not William
the Silent, but Ulysses the Silent—shall make
law for the Republic. Why not do it at once ?
This is only a step in that direction. I defy
any man, no matter how acute his intellect
may be, to show that if this rule shall prevail
there is any longer such a thing as freedom
-of debate and discussion in. the Senate of the
United States, it is worse, a thousand times
worse, than the rule of the House <lf Repre-
sentatives. 1 say once more 1 would a thou-
sand times rather you had a previous question,
for some of you would want to speak on any
measure that was up before you would move
the previousquestion, and thatwouli) give some
opportunity to us to speak and to speak at
large upon the question that was pending
before us.
But once adopt the rule that wherever there
is an appropriation in anyoneofthe twelve or
thirteen appropriation bills to execute an ex-
isting statute, an existing law oa tie statute-
