4366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
book, that any amendment to modify, to
change, or to repeal that law is in order, and
that debate is limited to five minutes, and I
say there is no more any such thing as debate,
discussion,.or freedom of speech in the Senate
of the United-States. No, sir, if this ruling
phall prevail it is simply the death-knell of
liberty, if liberly is dependent upon free speech.
It is of nouse to conceal it. No exigency what-
soever can justify such a ruling  s this. If it
is necessary to extend this session in order to
pass this law, extend it like men. You have
the power to do it. You have the majority in
both branches Extend the session, but leave
the right to debate untouched.
Do not under pretense that the session is
drawing to a close—a session which you have
absolute power to extend as much as you
please—do not stifle the last privilege of a
minority in this Chamher, the right of debate.
Do not stifle free speech, do not trample it
under foot, do not pretend that the whole body
of American lawin your statute-books is liable
to be changed, altered, modified, or repealed
under a debate limited to five minutes. Do
not do that, sir. No, take the manly and open
course. If the exigencies of your party or
your own sense of public duty require that this
supplementary election law shall be passed,
pass it openly, pass it in a manly way, extend
your session if it must be, extend it to pass
your law, but do not pass it by trampling upon
the dearest and most sacred right of an Amer-
ican Senator, the right to debate that which is
proposed as the law of his country, that which
is proposed to bear upou every citizen of the
United States.
Now, sir, here is an amendment offered at
this moment, an amendment that cannot, be
understood at all from ils mere reading, that
requires yon to look at the law, to hunt it up,
to interline this amendment in the law, to see
how the. law will then read, which requires you
to study the whole statute, t.o study every word
of it—an amendment that changes completely
the law of the land. The law as it stands
extends only to towns andcities of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants and upward. Here is an
amendment that proposes to extend that over
the entire conntry—extend it to every election
precinct in the entire country.
ilow much more it attempts I do not know.
That much I do know. A more plain legis-
lative provision cannot, be supposed. The
appropriation is to execute an existing law,
and all amendments are to be in direct rela-
tion to that appropriation to execute an exist-
ing law; and here isa proposition to make an
entirely new law, a wholly new law, not the
existing law ; not to appropriate money to ex-
ecute an existing law, but to make au entirely
new law. And that is said to be in order!
Sir, something of good faith as well as of
poliey is due to the minority on this floor. No
man, I venture to say, thought before this time
that thin rule had any such interpretation or
meaning as that which has been placed upon
it. In perfect good faith, without one single
word of objection from any member on this
floor, we agreed to the application of this five
minutes'rule to this bill; but never did any
one suppose that that rule, which heretofore
has been properly and strictly construed, was
to be so interpreted that the whole body of the
(statute law of the United States was open to
be repealed, amended, or modified by way of
amendment to this appropriation bill, and
that debate on it was to be limited to five
minutes. Why, sir, every law, the law to
enforce the fourteenth amendment, the law to
enforce the fifteenth amendment, civil rights,
every thing may be al tered, changed, amended,
or repealed under this ruling that has been
made, and every Senator limited to five min-
utes. I do pray that the Senate will recon-
sider what it has done before it establishes
such a rule of despotism, utterly destructive
of free debate in the American Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I thank the
Senator from Ohio for the word he has just
uttered. He said that under the ruling of the
Chair the bill for civil rights would be in order.
I so understood him.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr, SUMNER. He now says "certainly,"
and I agree with him. The act which it is
proposed to amend is entitled "An act to en-
force the rights of citizens of the United States
to vote in the several States of this Union,
and for other purposes," and one of its sec-
tions, section eighteen, is as follows:
That the act to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and furnish the means of
their vindication, passed April 9, 1866, is hereby re-
enactod, and sections sixteen and soven teen thereof
shall be in force according to the provisions of said
act.
Now, sir, I have nothing to say of the ruling
of the Chair or the question of orderwhich the
Senator has so ably debated. I accept the
ruling of the Chair; I follow it ; I apply it
logically, and I adopt the illustration afforded
by the distinguished Senator from Ohio when
he said that it covered the civil-rights bill. I
thank him for teaching us that word. It does
cover the civil rights bill, and I now insist that
the eivil rights bill shall at last find hospitality
in this Chamber. Long enough has it been
played with and paltered with. Now, at last,
1 insist upon a vote. 1 move, sir, at the end
of the pending amendment to insert as follows:
Also, that the act above mentioned bo further
supplemented and amended byadding the following
provisions.
Then follows what is known familiarly as the
civil rights bill, being a bill well known in this
Chamber, carefully drawn by myself, much
amended, debated, and this has all the last
emendations. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. And none of the emas-
culations? [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. None of the emasculations;
it is the pure article.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair
to remind Senators that the motion now pend-
ing is to indefinitely postpone the bill.
Mr, SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion to postpone indefinitely
and give me the opportunity of gettin-g a vote
On the civil rights bill. May I appeal to my
Democratic friends (or that ?
Mr. THURMAN. Several of my friends
want to speak on this motion to indefinitely
postpone.
Mr. SUMNER. That motion will be in order
when you have adopted the eivil rights bill. I
hope the Senate will indulge me and allow us
to have a vote on the civil rights bill.
Mr. THURMAN. We will try the other first.
Mr. SUMNER. But then that will be de-
bated till morning. Now, I want an early
vote on the civil rights bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be early in the
morning. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to indefinitely postnone this bill.
Mr. CASSERLt. Mr. President, I am
going to say a few words at this stage 
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Missouri?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn, (at ten o'clock and thirteen
minutes p. m.,) and I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Kenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull, and Vickers—lti.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Edmonds, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, lYelinghuysen, Hill, Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pouieroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Sprague,
Sumner, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Clayton,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert. Soldthwaite, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Lotian, Osborn,
Patterson, Rico, Schurz, Scott. Sherman, Sponcer,
Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, West, Window, and
Wright—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I had
occasion to make some remarks on the man-
ner in which this amendment came here to-
night. That made it necessary to refer to the
Senator by whose agency the amendment
came here. I had commented oil the fact, that
he brought, the amendment herein his pocket,
that it did not come here in the ordinary way
through the'Government Printing Office, and
yet it was printed. I am tempted to regret
that I made any allusion to that Senator for
two reasons: one is, that perhaps I ought not
to blame him ; I presume he is the mere organ
of others more prominent and influential than
he is in this matter. I do not doubt from the
manner in whicb the majority here rallied, as
at the tap of the drum, that this proceeding
has all been concerted beforehand. One of
the greatest faults of the Senator from Lou-
isiana was in permitting himself to become
the organ of that movement. I regret, it in
the next place because it gave the Senator
from Louisiana an opportunity to institute
a comparison between him and myself. I -
am perfectly willing to leave that subject to
others than myself. The Senator disclaimed
with some heat any impropriety in the intro-
duction of that little bill of his the other day
in the very midst of the-tariff bill. I leave
it to the Senate to judge about that. I
shall not debate the conduct of the Senator
with him or with any one. [ think it speaks
for itself. Neither shall I debate the course
of that Senator in giving an assurance to this
Senate to induce the passage of a House bill
on the same general subject that it was the
same as the Senate bill, when in point of fact
there were substantial differences between the
two bills.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Senator ismistaken.
I never made a statement of that kind in regard
to that bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir, the Senator is
not mistaken.
Mr. KELLOGG. It was another bill en-
tirely.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is not mis-
taken. The Senator from Louisiana will allow
me to proceed. He can have his day and talk
to the Senate just as long as he chooses with
ray full assent. I am not mistaken, sir. The
first day the Senator made that statemeut was
in that convenient period of time, a period of
confusion, between- going out of legislative
session and into executive session, or some
other period, like that when he moved to take
up the bill from the desk which had come
from the House of Representatives and put it
on its passage. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] objected to that proceeding.
The Senator from Louisiana deprecated that
opposition and exclaimed, "Mr. President, it
is the same bill that we passed the other day."
The Senator nods assent.
Mr. KELLOGG. It was the same bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator nods assent.
It was the same bill, he now says ; and he is
no more correct now when he says that than
he was when he was doing it at the lime to
which I am referring. The Senator from Mis-
souri retorted at once, " I do not know that it
is the same bill; I do not care whether it is or
not; but if it is the same bill, for that reason,
I object." However, sir, it was not the same
bill. The Senate bill provided for the election
of Bepresentatives, and the House bill did not
provide for the election of Representatives.
Was that no difference? Could it be truly said
