3470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
A bill (H R No. 2770) granting a pension
to Mary E. Shelton.
The bill (H. R. No. 2763) to provide a
building suited to the use of the custom-house,
post, office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States
in the ciiy of Memphis, Tennessee, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2702) providing for h
life-size imirbie siatue of the late Senator Ed-
ward Dickinson Baker was read twice by its
title, and releired to the Committee on Public
Buildiims and Grounds.
The bill (II R. No. 1982) to provide for
holdng a circuit court of the United States in
and for the wcs cm district of Missouri was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Jndiciaiy.
The bill (LI II. No. 2764) making an appro-
priation 'or the erection ol a marine hospital
at San Francisco was read twice by its tiile,
and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
ELECTION IN LOUISIANA.
The bill (H. R. No. 531) to prescribe the
time for holding the election for choosing
electors for President and Vice President for
the Siate of Louisiana lor the year 1872 was
read twice by its title.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
that that bill be now acted upon. It is the
same bid thai was passed by the Senate a few
days ago, and I presume there will be no
objection to acting on it.
Mr CASSI3ULY. I think I shall have to
ask thai it take its course ; that is to say, 1 do
not wish it, to go on the Calendar, but I think
it should not interfere with the current morn-
ing business.
Mr. ICULLOGG. I will call it up after the
mol'nlnir business.
The ViCii PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table to be examined.
Mr KliLLOGG. [ did notthink there would
be any on|-c'ion to my request, and I suppose
there won <1 not lie from any other Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator sees my
purpose. 1 wish to have the morning business
disposed of.
I'KTrrroN's and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
a large number of citizens of New York, mem-
bers ill ihe Universal Peace Union, desiring a
general disarmament throughout the world and
the substitution of arbitration in the se'tlement
of difficulties. They say: " Believing that the
war provisions of our Government stand in the
way. and that we cannot delegate to others that
which is wrung for us to do ourselves, we
respectfully petition for ihe repeal of the war
clauses of the Constitution." I move the refer-
ence of I iiia petition to the Committee on the
J udieiary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of
the American Steamship Company of Phila-
delphia, piaying fur the adoption by Congress
of the measure presented by the Secretary of
the Treasury, recommending the passage of a
law guarantying to persons who may employ
in the foieign trade American-built first-class
steamships of not less than two thousand tons
but den, an annual payment of thirteen dollars
per ton. for a period of five years. I move
that tliis memorial be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SI'RAGUE presented the petition of
Hannah L. Lloyd, praying compensation for
one touilh interest in the brig Fanny, seized
and solil by tne United Stares marshal in New
Yoik m 1862; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FEN l'ON presented the petition of
Cyrick Knoedier, praying arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SAULSBTJRY presented the petition
of Jesse E. Peyton, attorney of Elizabeth
Montgomery, heir of captain Hugh Mont-
gomery, praying compensation for the services
of her father in the revolutionary war ; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. POOL. I present additional papers
connected with the memorial of James A.
Harrold, praying compensation for property
taken and destroyed by United States forces
during the war of the rebellion, which was
reported on unfavorably by the Committee
on Claims because of the informality of the
papers. 1 move to have the matter rereferred
to the committee with these papers.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GILBERT, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1078) referring to the United
States Court of Claims a claim for the use of
the Norton type-wheel dating and printing-
machine, also the dating and canceling boud
Stamp, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Patents, (o whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 924) for the relief of Sarah S. Trapp,
executrix of William Trapp, deceased, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 93-3) incorporating the National Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphans Industrial Training As-
sociation, reported it with an amendment.
He also,from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2706) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the disposition of useless military reserva-
tions," approved Februaiy24, 1871, reported
it without, amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2698) to pro-
vide lor the payment for certain p'roperty taken
by the Government for the extension of the
military reservation at Camp Mohave, in the
Teriiiory of Arizona, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
refened to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to wnom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Elizabeth B. McUorinick, of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying compensation
for loss sustained in her business of keeping
boarders and for extraordinary rents paid by
reason of being suddenly dispossessed of the
houses she was occupying by the military
authorities, who took and held possession
thereof for military purposes, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed, and the committee was discharged
from the fuither consideration of the petition.
He also, from ihe same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1945) for the
relief of E. W. Whitaker, of Hartford, Con-
necticut, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2040) for the
relief of Redick McKee, reported adversely
thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have that
bill go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
TRUSSES FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
812) to provide for furnishing trusses to dis-
abled soldiers, have instructed me to report it
without amendment, and I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that every soldier of
the Union Army who was ruptured while in
the lineof duty during the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion shall be entitled to
receive a single or double truss of such style
as may be designated by the Surgeon General
of the United States Army as the best suited
for such disability. The application for such
truss shall be made by the ruptured soldier to
an examining surgeon for pensions, whose
duty it shall be to examine such applicant,
and for every sueh applicant found to have a
rupture, or hernia, shall prepare and forwaid to
the Surgeon General an application for such
truss, without charge to the soldier. The
Surgeon General is directed to purchase and
procure the number of trusses which may be
required for distribution to such disabled sol-
diers at a price not greater than the same are
sold to the trade at wholesale ; and the cost
of the same is to be paid, upon the requisition
of the Surgeon General, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER obtained the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
consent of the Senate to take up a bill which
involves almost a question of privilege, being
the removal of the disabilities of Mr. Rogers,
of North Carolina, who was elected to a seat
in the House of Representatives, but cannot
take his seat until his disabilities are removed.
The bill has passed the House and has been
on the table here lor some time. I ask the
consent, of the Senate to take up that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent, as the conference report on the
deficiency appropriation bill was taken up at
the beginning of this day's session and is
now before the Senate, subject, however, to
the routine morning business.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds J who sits beside me
objected to that bill.
Mr. MORTON. I was advised just now by
the Senator from North Carolina that he per-
haps will not make any objection.
Mr. POMEROY. He may have changed
his mind ; but when the matter was presented
to him he did object decidedly. I happen to
know that fact.
Mr. POOL. I had rather the Senator from
Vermont, was here.
The ViC li PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to take up the bill. The Senator
fiom Massachusetts was recognized.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 was about to ask the
Senate to be good enough to take up the Dis-
trict school bill in order to have a final vote
on it. It has been debated, and I believe the
debate is exhausted, and if we can have the
final vote that bill may be taken off the Calen-
dar.
Mr. PRATT. Is it in order to make reports ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in
order after the Chair asks unanimous consent,
as he is compelled to do ; but the Senator from
California has risen, the Chair supposes, to
object.
Mr. COLE. I do object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The remnant of
the morning hour, by unanimous consent, was
granted for the conference report of the defi-
ciency bill. The Senator from Indiana rises
with a report which the Chair will receive.
ADDITIONAL REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of citizens
of' Philadelphia, praying the passage of House
bill No. 1738, allowing totally and partially
disabled soldiers and seamen increased pen- j
