782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
thousand Indians. They are to-day at peace
with the Government. The experiment has
succeeded. But if there had been a provision
in the law that none of the money appropri-
ated should be expended upon any tribe, or
part of a tribe, at war with the Government,
the whole object would have been defeated,
because the Interior Department would have
been inhibited from paying one dollar to aid
Indians who were at war.
Mr. TAFFE. Do you want to pay them for
being at war?
Mr. SARGENT. Wo do not want to pay
them for being at war, but we want,to go there
with supplies purchased with the money ap-
propriated in this bill, and say to them, " Cease
your depredations; go upon the reservations
we have provided for you, and we will feed you.
Do not steal the cattle of settlers or commit
other depredations, but remain at peaco, and
you and your families shall not starve. The
people of the United States are able to givo
you the means of subsistence; they are wil-
ling to act toward you with humanity if you
will go upon the reservations and stay there,
and conduct yourselves peaceably. Here is
an earnest of our good intentions; hero is a
part of the goods which the Government has
sent you." liy such a policy we may secure
peace with these Indian tribes. But if we put
the money into the Treasury and say that until
the Indians have beeomopeaeeable it shall not
be expended for their benefit, we defeat the
very object of the appropriation. It is for the
very reason that, they are at war that we want,
to go to them, and by means of the supplies
we furnish them make them peaceable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. You propose
to buy a peace ?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, we propose to buy
a peace with these Indians.
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. And to buy it by
presents, &c., given to thorn while they are
still at war?
Mr. SARGENT. We propose to buy it
under the circumstances as they exist. They
are now in a state of hostility to (lie Govern-
ment—partially or spasmodically at any rate.
One month, perhaps, they may holiving peace-
fully on llu;ir spoils ; the next month thev are
on the war-path. Wo want to induce these
Indiaua to become peaceable, like the Semi-
noles, or like the Creeks and Oherokees, for
whom we are now talking about providing a
territorial government; or like the Pottawato-
mie's and Winnebagoes, who are citizens of the
United .States, though a generation and a half
ago these Indians were carrying bloodshed and
murder all over the Territories.
Mr. FARNHWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow mo to interrupt him?
Mr. SARGENT. 1 am always glad to yield
to my friend from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTil. From all that I have
heard in listening to gentlemen who under-
stand the character of'tiae Indians, tho ground
of those who urge these appropriations seems
to be that it is for the interests of tire white
people, for the preservation of their lives and
property, as also that they may have a slice of
these appropriations which have been munifi-
cently made by the Government, that the
Indians should remain at peace with them.
Now, if you make it necessary that the Indian
tribes should be at peaee with the whites
before they receive any of these appropria-
tions, you secure the earnest efforts of the white
settlers to keep the Indians upon their good
behavior, and also make it the interest of the
Indians that they shall be upon their good
behavior in order to get the money. More than
half—probably nine tenths—of all the troubles
arising with the Indians originate with the
whites. I may state tho proportion too largely ;
but at any rate, these troubles, to a great ex-
tent, originate in trespasses committed by the
whites upon the Indians. If you say to the
white man as well as to the Indian, that none
of this money shall be appropriated unless there
is peace between the Indians and the whites,
you put them all upon their good behavior.
Mr. SARGENT. I resume the floor for a
moment, for the purpose of saying that the
principal obstacle which has been met with
in carrying out the humane policy of the
Government is in the mistaken ideas of the
frontiersmen. My friend from Texas [Mr.
Conner] represents fairly the opinion of the
great body of the white people upon the
Texas frontier. And if you go into the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, or into some parts of my
own State, you will there find people insisting
just as earnestly, and in equally good faith,
that it is impossible to keep the Indian at
peaee ; that the only good Indian is the dead
one. Now the Government does not think
so, and it is not the policy of this bill. I
think that will be the effect of the amend-
ment, and I therefore call for the previous
question.
Mr. CONNER. I regard this as one of the
most important measures which can come be-
fore Congress, and as I intend to insist on the
demand for the yeas and nays, I now move
the House adjourn so as to take the vote to-
morrow when the House is full.
Mr. SARGENT. I have 110 objection to
taking" the vote to-morrow, if that will accom-
modate the gentleman.
Mr. CONNER. Let it go over until to-mor-
row. It is too important a measure to be voted
011 when there is 110 quorum in the House.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 insist 011 my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CONNER. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
!)8, noes 59.
Mr. CONNER. I demand tho yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will order tell-
ers. The previous question had in fact been
ordered, but was waived in order to allow the
amendment of the gentleman from Nebraska
[Mr. Taffe] to be offered; and if there be
110 objection the Chair will consider the pre-
vious question seconded and the main question
ordered.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then put
the question to the House 011 seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-seven, noes not counted.
So tho previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Aud then, on motion of Mr. CONNER, (at
four o'clock aud fifty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ACKER: The remonstrance of R.
W. Pascoe and 101 others, workers in the
Lehigh zinc mines of Lehigh and Northampton
counties, Pennsylvania, against any change in
tire tariff laws abating duties on articles suc-
cessfully produced in this country, urged by
the Free-Trade League, and praying the repeal
of all duties on tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles as cannot be produced in the United>
States, and also such adjustment of duties'
as will encourage and defend every home
industry and foster the honor and interests of
the American laborer.
Also, the remonstrance of Charles G. Weiss
and 616 others, workers in the Allentown roll-
ing-mill, of Allentown, Lehigh county, Penn-
sylvania, against the change in the tariff laws
abating duties on articles successfully produced
in this country,urged by the Free-Trade League,
and praying the repeal of all duties on tea,
coffee, and such other articles as cannot be
produced in the United States, and also such
adjustment of duties as will encourage and ;
defend every home industry and foster the
honor and interests of the American laborers.
By Mr. AVERILL : The petition of mer-
chants of Minnesota, for a modification of the
tariff on certain kinds of sugar.
By Mr. BECK: Thcpetilion of William M.
Coffey, guardian of John T. and William S.
MoGuire, children of Benjamin F. McGuire,
deceased, ofLineoln county, Kentucky, pray-
ing that a pension be granted to them in con-
sequence of tho services of their father as a
soldier in the Army of the United States in the
late war.
By Mr. BIGGS : The remonstrance of Archi-
bald Crozier and 08 others, workers in Pnsey
Brothers' factory, and others, of Wilmington,
Delaware, against the change in the tariff laws
abating duties on articles successfully produced
inthiscountry,u rged bytheFreeTradeLeague,
and praying the repeal of all duties on tea,
coffee, and such other articles as cannot be
produced in the United States, and also such
adjustment of duties as will encourage and
defend every home industry and foster the
honor and interests of the American laborer.
Also, the remonstrance of John P. Edwards
and 4G others, workers in machine and other
shops at Wilmington and vicinity, Delaware,
against the change in the tariff laws abating
duties on articles successfully produced in this
country, urged by the Free-Trade League, and
praying the repeal of all duties on tea, coffee,
and such other articles as cannot bo produced
in tho United States, and also such adjustment
of duties as will encourage and defend every
home industry and foster the honor and inter-
ests of the American laborer.
By Mr. CLARKE, of New York: The peti-
tions of the officers aud trustees of the Roches- *
ter Savings Bank and the Mechanics' and East
Side Savings Bank, of the city of Rochester,
New York, in favor of abolishing the tax on
deposits.
Also, the petition of manufacturers and deal-
ers in tobacco, in favor of a uniform tax of
sixteen cents per pound.
Also, the petition of dealers in wine and
liquors, in favor of a change in the mode of
taxation.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of the Equitable
Savings Bank of New York, for the repeal of
the tax on deposits.
Also, the petition of S. Funke, for the re-
moval of the tax on cigars manufactured for
export.
Also, the petition of Catherine Ferry, for a
pension.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
citizens of Aurora, Illinois, for tho repeal of
tho duties on tea, coffee, Ac.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of William Oliver and 28 others, soldiers, of
Belmont county, Ohio, prayingthe equalization
of bounty money and tor bounty land.
Also, the petition of William 0. Reed and
29 others, soldiers, of Belmont county, Ohio,
asking the equalization of bounty and for bounty
land.
By Mr. GETZ: The remonstrance of John
L. Seibert and 45 others, manufacturers of
cigars, &c., of Wotnelsdorf, Pennsylvania,
against- the change in the tariff laws abating
duties on articles successfully produced in this
country, urged by the Free-Trade League, and
praying the repealof all duties on tea, coffee,
and such other articles as cannot be produced
in the United States, and also such adjust-
ment of duties as will encourage and defend
every home industry and foster the honor and
interests of the American laborer.
By Mr. GRIFFITH: The petition of Colonel
D. C. McCoy and 95 others, citizens of Pennsyl-
vania. and late officers and soldiers in the Army
of the United States, prayingthe passage of all
act givingall soldiers, sailors, and marines who
enlisted in the service of the United States for
the suppression of the late rebellion, and who
have an honorable discharge, and to the heirs
of those that are deceased, $8 33J- per month
