1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
I know I did, and I believe my colleague did—
to come, for "vve thought they could be heard.
Those delegations are now on the way, and I
suppose will be here to-night or to-morrow. I
am perfectly willingif they arenothere in time
to be heard before Monday, then to yield the
claim which I now have or think I have and
certainly ought to have for Monday, or defer
it until Tuesday or Wednesday on behalf of
the Committee on Commerce, to take up the
Chicago bill and finish it on Monday. If these
delegations are not here to be heard 011 Mon-
day before the committee, I do not wish any
further delay. I simply wish that they may
go before the committee and be heard, and
that the bill may come immediately back, and
I will vote with my honorable friend from
Ohio to take it up on Monday and stick to it
until it is finished.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Does he intend on Monday,
if it is postponed till Monday, to then make a
motion to re-refer it to the committee?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. I propose
to bave it recommitted and reported back
before Monday. I propose that these men.
shall be heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. You are willing to fix
Monday as the time the matter shall be dis-
posed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. That it shall be dis-
posed of on Monday, and I will vote to con-
tinue it until it is disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senators will
agree that the Chicago bill be fixed for Mon-
day, and kept under consideration until it is
disposed of.
Mr. WRIGHT. To settle the whole thing,
let it be understood that this bill shall be the
special order for Monday at one o'clock, with
the understanding that the vote shall be taken
at four o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. That I cannot do, but
will agree to continue it until the vote is
a Mr.'WRIGHT. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot agree to that.
There is an Indian appropriation bill which I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations is ready to proceed with, and
I know that the exigency of the public service
requires its passage at an early day. I am
willing to take up either of these bills and pro-
ceed with them now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think with the under-
standing stated we might proceed with the
tariff bill this afternoon, and so far as the tariff
bill is concerned, to the extent that I can con-
trol it, I am willing to let it go over Monday
until the Chicago bill is disposed of.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. Both my col-
league and myself have telegraphed to the
delegation now coming that they could appear
here and be heard. A delegation from Mich-
igan was here some time ago and was not
allowed a hearing. That having since been
granted to the Chicago delegation, it would
seem as though an invidious indulgence had
been granted here, and it is unfair to the dele-
gation from Michigan, representing such a large
interest as is to be affected, to deny them a
chance to be heard. The Senate will bear
in mind that I have interposed no obstacle to
the consideration of the bill, and this is the
first time I have appeared in the Senate to
ask for indulgence in regard to it, not for
myself, but for those whom we represent.
It is said that the Senators from Michigan
were heard by the Committee on Finance.
That is true. There was no one else here to
speak for that people; and it was a courtesy
extended to us, for which we were grateful. _
The Senator from Illinois was very kind in
this regard ; but he had a large delegation who
appeared, and they two mornings, while three
quarters of an hour was given to the Senators
from Michigan. Now, it seems but fair, inas-
much as a large delegation are on their way
from Michigan, and have so signified by dis-
patch, that they should have an opportunity to
be heard. As I said before, on Monday I shall
be disposed to take hold of the bill, and go on
with it until the question is decided.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not see any necessity
of our discussing about the committees, but in
order to 
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I merely did it
as the Senator referred to the hearing before
the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. In order to set this matter
right, 1 will make a suggestion. I have had
no disposition to manage this matter in any
way except according to parliamentary usage.
The Senators from Michigan said they had a
large committee here for about two weeks. I
will say now to Senators that I never heard of
it before.
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated it in my seat.
Mr. LOGAN. I never heard of it before.
It may have been stated, but I never knew
that they had a committee here waiting for two
weeks. I am perfectly astonished to hear it.
I heard the other evening that there were sev-
eral persons at a hotel here a few days ago.
I was absent some four days, and I understood
that during my absence, and during at the
same time the absence of my colleague, the
Senator from Michigan made a motion to re-
refer this bill and afterward withdrew it. _ I
never knew anything about a committee being
here from Michigan, never heard of it before.
It comes now by way of surprise to me that
those gentlemen insisL that they have a commit-
tee coming here at this late hour, when they had
every opportunity before the Finance Com-
mittee ; but I have no disposition to throw
anything in the way. What I want is to get a
vote on the bill at some time. I do not sup-
pose a committee would influence the Com-
mittee on Finance one way or the other. I do
not suppose any committees from anywhere
else have influenced them.
Mr. MORTON. I think we will all agree
to take up the bill of the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
who will sustain the call of the Senator from
Ohio 
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it for the pres-
ent and ask for a count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's motion was decided in the negative by a
count, and the Senator from Ohio called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let there be another
count, by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOGAN. Is the understanding that
the Chicago relief bill is to be taken up on
Monday? ["Yes!" "Yes!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Chair will again count the
Senate on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
the understanding announced from the Chair as
to the Chicago bill, that it is to come up on
Monday at one o'clock by general consent, to
the exclusion of everything else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois asks that there be an under-
standing 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois asks what he refused to allow me a
moment ago.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot agree to that
unless it is agreed to have a vote on that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, let us have a
vote on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is, Will the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill called the tariff bill?
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a quorum pres-
ent if the vote is taken again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The-Chair
will count the vote again.
The vote being again taken the division
resulted—ayes 28, noes 10.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that the tariff bill is now before the Senate,
and if the Senator from Ohio has no objection,
as I believe the executive business on the table
is very considerable, (it has been accumulating
anumber of days,) I move an executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. We might spend half an
hour in reading the bill. It has to be read
formally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not
make the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask if this bill cannot be
informally laid aside and the Chicago bill
taken up. I voted with that understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, they have agreed
to put the Chicago bill over to Monday, to be
then disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The tariff
bill is before the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, and will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No. 173)
to repeal the duties on salt, and the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance.
The bill is as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That from and after the passage
of this act salt shall be placed oil the free list, and
no further import duties shall be collected upon the
same.
The amendment is to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and substitute the following
for the matter stricken out:
That on and after the 1st day of July, A. D. 1872,
in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law on
the articles mentioned in this section, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares,
and merchandise, in this section enumerated, im-
ported from foreign countries, the following duties
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On teas of all kinds, ten cents per pound;
On coffee of all kinds, two cents per pound ;
On chiccory and succory roots, two cents per
pound;
On chiccory and succory roots, ground, burned, or
prepared, three cents per pound;
On acorn coffee, and dandelion root, raw or pre-
pared, and on all substitutes for coffee, two cents
per pound ;
On all extracts or essences of coffee, fifty cents per
pound;
On all slack coal or culm, or such as will pass
through a five-eighths of an inch screen, twenty-five
cents perton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds
to the bushel;
On all bituminous coal, fifty cents per ton of
twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel;
On mineral and bituminous substances in a crude
state, not otherwise specifically provided for, ten
per cent, ad valorem;
On salt in bulk, and on all rook-salt, or mineral
salt, nine cents per one hundred pounds;
On all salt, in bags, sacks, barrels, or other pack-
ages. twelve cents to the one hundred pounds; ,
On cleaned rice, one and one half cents per
pound;
On uncleanedrice, onecent per pound;
On paddy, three fourths of a cent per pound;
On potatoes, ten cents per bushel;
On all hides and skins, not otherwise speoifically
provided for, five per cent, ad valorem;
On all timber, squared or sided, not otherwise
provided for, one cent per cubic foot;
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
of spruce, hemlock, white-wood, and bass-wood, one
dollar per thousand feet board measure;
On all other varieties of sawedlumber, two dollars
per thousand feet board measure: Provided,, That
when lumber of any sort is planed or finished in
addition to the rates herein provided, there shall be
levied and paid, for cach side so planed or finished,
ono dollar per thousand feet; and if planed on one
side and tongued and grooved, two dollars per thou-
sand feet; and if planed on two sides and tongued
and grooved, 4250 per thousand feet;
On hubs for wheels, posts, last-blocks, wagon-
blocks, oar-blocks, gun-blocks, heading-blocks, and
all like blocks or sticks, rough-hewn or sawed only,
twenty per cent, ad valorem;
On pickets and palings, twenty per oent. aa
valorem; .
On laths, fifteen cents per thousand pieces;
On all shingles, thirty-five cents per thousand;
On pine clapboards, two dollars per thousand;
On spruce clapboards, $1 50per thousand;
On house or cabinet lurniture, in pieces or rough,
and not finished, thirty percent, ad valorem; _ ,
On cabinet wares and house furniture, finished,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem ; *
On casks and barrels, empty, and on sugar-box
shooks, and packing-boxes ot wood, not otherwise
provided for, thirty per cent, ad valorem ;
On fruit shade, lawn, and ornamental trees, shrubs,
plants, and flower-seeds, not otherwiseprovtdedior,
twenty per cent, ad valorem ;
On garden-seeds, and all other seeds for agri-
