1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong,...2d Sjess.
all cases; and if any contingent matter or
condition constitute® a part of the contract or
agreement it shall be specifically set forth:
Provided, Thai all such contracts shall have
a tixcd limited time to i nil. and shall he invalid
unless so limited: And provided, That such
contracts t-hall nat he assignable, in whole or
in pait, unless the names of the assigneesand
their residences and occupations he entered
in writing upon the contract, and the consent
of the Secretary of the Interior and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to such assignment
be also indorsed thereon: And be it further
provided, That the judge before whom such
contractor agreement is executed shall certify
officially the time when and place where such
contract or agreement was executed, and that
it was in his presence, and who are the inter-
ested psirtifs thereto, as stated to him at the
time, the parties present making the game;
the source and extent of authority claimed at
the time by the contracting parties to make
the contract or agreement, and whether made
in person or by agent or attorney of either
party or parties.
Sec. 3. That no money shall be paid to any
agent or attorney by an officer of the United
States under any such contract or agreement,
other than the fees due him for. services ren-
dered thereunder; hut the moneys due the tribe,
Indian, or Indians, as the case may be, shall
be paid by the United States, through its otvn
officers or agents, to the party or parties en-
titled thereto: Provided, That no money or
thing shall be paid to any person for services
under such contract or agreement, until such
person shall have lirst filed with the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs a sworn statement,
showing each particular act of service under
the contract, giving date and fact in detail,
and the Secretary of the Interior and Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs shall determine
therefrom whether, in their judgment, such
contract or agreement has been complied wirli
or fulfilled ; if so, the same may be paid, and
if not, it shall be paid in proportion to the
services rendered under the contract: Pro
vided. That ail such contracts or agreements
hereafter made in violation of the provisions
of this act are hereby declared null and void,
and all money or other thing of value paid to
any person by any Indian or tiibe, or any one
else for or on his or their behalf, on account
ol such services, in excess of the amount ap-
proved by said Commissioner and Secretary
lor such services, may be recovered by suit
in the name of the United States in any court
ot the United States, regaidltss of the amount
in controversy, one half of which shall be paid
to the person suing for the same, and the other
half shall be. paid into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States for the use of the Indian or tribe by
or for whom it was paid ; and the person so
receiving said money, and his aiders and abet-
tors, shall, in addition to the. forfeiture of said
sum,be subject to prosecution for misdemeanor
in any court of the United States, and, on con-
viction. shall be fined not less than one thou
sand dollars, and imprisoned not less than six
months ; and it shall be the duty of all district
attorneys of the United States to prosecute
such cases when applied to to do so, a.tid their
failure and refusal shall be ground lor their
removal from office; and any Indian agent or
other person in the employment of the Umteu
Slates who shall, in violation of the provisions
of this act, advise, sanction, or in any way
aid in the making of stich contracts or agree-
ments, in making such payments as are here
prohibited, shall, in addii ion to the punish men t
herein imposed on the person making 8<ud con-
tract or receiving said money, be, on convic-
tion, dismissi d from the service of the United
States, and be forever disqualified from holding
any office of profit or trust under the same.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXVIIT.—An Act to prohibit the i
retention of Soldiers' Discharges by Claim
Agents and Attorneys.
Beit enacted hy the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any claim agent,
attorney, or other person engaged in the col
lection of claims for pay, bouniy, pension, or
other allowances for any soldier, sailor, or
marine, or for any commissioned officer of
the military or naval forces, or who may have
been a soldier, sailor, marine, or officer of
the regular or volunteer forces of the United
States, and honorably discharged, who shall
retain, without the consent of the owner or
owners thereof, or shall refuse to deliver or
account for the same upon demand duly made
by the owner or owners thereof, or by their
agent or attorney, the discharge papers or
land warrant of any such soldier, sailor, or
marine, or commissioned officer, which may
have been placed in his hands for the purpose
of collecting said claims, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon con-
viction, be punished by fine not exceeding
five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or both, at the discre
tion of the court, and shall thereafter be de-
barred from prosecuting any such claim in any
executive department of the Government.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. 'CLXXIX.—An Act to establish an
additional Laud District in the Territory of
Dakota.
Beit enacted by the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'That there be, and here-
by is, established in the Territory of Dakota,
an additional land district, to he bounded and
described as follows, and known as the Dakota
land district, viz: beginning at a point on the
north bank of the Missouri river, at the inter-
section of the line between ranges fifty-two
and fifty-three; thence north, along said range
line, to the forty-sixth parallel of north laii-
tude; thence west, along said parallel, to the
line between ranges fifty-seven and fifty-eight;
thence south, along said range line, to the
Missouri river; thence easterly, along the.
north bank of said stream, to the place of
beginning.
Sec. 2. That the land office for said district
shall be located at Yankton, the capital of said
Territory; and the President Qf the United
States is hereby authorized to appoint a regis-
ter and a receiver for said land office, who
shall receive the same salary and be governed
by the same regulations as are provided by law
lor the registers and the receivers of the other
land offices in said Territory.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXX.—An Act to create an addi-
tional Land District m the State of Minne-
sota.
Be it enacted by the Senate a nd House of Rep-
resentatives of the ljnited Elates oJ America, in
Congress assembled, lhat the Pi evident of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to establish an additional land district in the
State of Minnesota, embracing all that part
of the present New Ultn land district lying
north ot the north line of township number
one hundred and ten, and to fix from time to
time the boundaries thereof, which shall be
named after the place at which the office shall
first be established ; and the Pres.dent shall
have power to fix from time to time the loca-
tion ot' tile office for such district.
Sh.c. 2. That the President is hereby author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a i egister and a receiver
for said land district, who shall be required to
reside at the site of the land office for said
district, who shall be subject to the same laws
and responsibilities, and whose compensation,
respectively, shall be the same as that now
allowed by law to other laud officers in said
State.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXI.—An Act to authorize the
Issue of a Supply of Arms to the Author-
ities of the Territory of Montana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, instructed, without
delay, to cause one thousand effective breech-
loading rifled muskets and two hundred thou-
sand cartridges to be forwarded to and placed
at the disposal of the Governor of the Terri-
tory of Montana, delivered at Virginia City,
in said Territory, for distribution among the
settlers of the Gallat'n valley and other ex-
posed localities in said Territory, for home
defence against Indian raids; and the Gov-
ernor of said Territory, in m-tking said distri-
bution, shall take from the parties to whom
they may be distributed good and sufficient
security for the return of said arms to the
United States after the necessity for their use
has ceased.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXII.—An Act to reduce the Lim-
its of the Military Reservation at Fort Stan-
ton, New Mexico.
Be it enacted hy the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and in-
structed to reduce the limits of the military
reservation at Fort Stanton, in New Mexico,
to a tract not exceeding sixteen square miles.
The new limits of said reservation shall em-
brace a strip of land eight, miles in length, and
shall extend one mile from each bank of the
liio Bonito; the boundaries thereof to be
determined by the Secretary of War, aud the
balance of the reservation to be thrown open
to entry and settlement under the laws of the
United States.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXXfll.—An Act relinquishing cer-
tain Wharf Property to the City of New
Orleans.
Be it enacted In/the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
i Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
| War and the Secretary of the Navy be, aud
they are hereby, directed to relinquish posses-
sion of the wharf and landing now occupied
by the Government, of the United States in
the city of New Orleans, and to turn over the
same to the authorities of said city.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. CLXXX1V.—An Act to authoiize the
Construction of a Bridge over the Tide-
water of Duustan tiver, in the State of
Maine.
Be it enactcdby 'he Senate and House of Rep-
resentative* of the United Sta.tes of America in
Congress assembled. That the inhabitants of
ihe town of Scaiborougb, in the county of
Cumberland, and State of Maine, are hereby
licensed to build, and to authorize to be built,
as in their judgment may be or become neces-
sary to facilitate intercommunication, a bridge
or "bridges, either for ta.lroad or ordinaty
travel, over the tide-water of Dunstun river,
at or above the Steep hanks, so called, on said
river, without any draw in said bridge or
bridges.
