1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
3471
sion, have had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that the petition be indefinitely
' postponed, for the reason that the Senate has
acted upon the subject-matter.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PRA.IT, from the same committee, to
whom were referred petitions of citizens of
Minnesota, of Philadelphia, of Wyandott,
Kansas, of Iowa, and of one hundred and
sixt.y-seven citizens of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, making the same prayer, asked
to tie discharged from their farther consider-
ation. and that they be postpoued indefinitely ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 281) t.o construe sections two, three,
four, five, and six of tlie Army appropriation
bill, approved March 3, 1871, moved that, the
bill he indefinitely postponed, the subject
having already been acted upon; which was
agreed to.
i\lr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary have instructed me to report back
the bill (S. No. 480) concerning thecircuit and
district courts of the United States I'or the dis-
trict of Kansas, with a recommendation that
it pass. I myself am not in favor of the bill,
but a majority of the committee instruct me to
report it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 338) in relation to the office of attor-
ney of the United States, for tiie district of
Louisiana, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 should like to have that
bill go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The hill will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 326) to regulate certain actions in the
Court of Claims by loyal owners of property
seized under the act of March 12, 1863, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1343) sup-
plemental to an act. entitled "An act for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the
ninth census, " reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same csmmittee, to whom
were referred the hill (S. No. oG) for tiie better
organization of the district, courts oftheUnited
States within the State of Louisiana, and the
bill (S. No 333) for the better organization of
the distnct courts of the United States within
the State of Louisiana, reported adversely
thereon, and moved their indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 124) to establish
■ the eastern judicial district of Kentucky, re-
ported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred ihe bill (S. No. 144) to create
the southern judicial distnct of California,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement.
Mr. COLE. Let that bill go on the Cal-
cnd&r
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petitions of the Indian agents, 'latum and
Darlington, praying the enactment of a law
regulating intermarriages of white persons
with Indians outside of auy State or organized
Territory, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee oil the Judiciary ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The Committey on Military
Affairs report back the bill (H. 11. No. 2099)
to amend an act, entitled "'An act to establish
and protect nati Nrtal cemeteries," approved
February 22, 1867. This bill has only six
lines, and I should like to have it put on its
passage at once.
Mr. COLE. T must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1116) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase a site and erect thereon
a building to be used as a marine hospital in
Sioux City, Iowa; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PROTECTION OF HARBORS, KTC.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (S.
No. 1072) for the pieservation of harbors,
havens, roads, channels, navigable livers,
lakes, and other navigable waters within the
United States, was passed last evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wish to make
the motion so that the bill shall be retained
in the possession of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has sent to the office to see if the bill has gone
to the House of Representatives, and if it has
gone to the House a message will be sent
asking its return.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION HILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the report of Ihe committee of conference on
the bill (R. R. No. 1654) making appropr;a
lions to supply deficiencies in the appropri i
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for oilier purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on agreeing to the report, and declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Senate
understand the question. I should like to
have a vote by yeas and nays on agreeing to
tins report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall not vote to con-
cur in this repoit, for the reasons given by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] 1 am
unwilling myself to allow these cotton claim-
ants to go to the Treasury of the United States
and hitve their claims seti led by the clerks and
subordinates of' that Department. 1 am will-
ing that these parties should have a proper
oppori unity to test I heir rights ina court where
their claims can be judicially investigated.
But I remembervery well that we had a strug-
gle here four or five yeais aso to prevent tlie
plunder of this money that had been received
from the sale of Captured cotton. I think it
was one of ihe most, corrupting funds ever in
the possession of the Government. It was
kept out of ihe Treasury for several years as
a mere fund for the whole body of claimants
to prey upon. Many millions were paid with-
out anv judicial investigation at all through
the action of the I reasury Department. We
had a long struggle to get that money covered
into ihe Ireasuiy, winch we finally succeeded
in doing, whete it, cannot be taken out except
in pursuance of an appropriation made bylaw.
I think we did not,get itcovered in, if 1 remem-
ber rightly, until 1868.
Mr. SHERMAN. July, 1868.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These parties had two
or three years to get their claims out ot this
fund. I think they had a reasonable tiine.^ it
seems some of them did not succeed in being
paid. Now, I wish to say to the Sena'e that
1 reported this morning from ihe Judiciary
Committee a bill—and I hope Senators who
think there are claimants who have some
rights will notice its provisions—authorizing
any of these claimants to bring suit for six
months in the Court of Claims, allowing them
six months to bring suits and show thii they
have got a right to any of the proceeds of iliia
abandoned property. If ihey havn, let, ih'm
establish it judicially. I altogether prefer that
to opening the Treasury and allowing these
parties to go there and m.ike their settlements
on ex parte testimony.
in saying what. I do I do not mean to enst,
and do not wish to be understood as casting,
any imputation on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. 1 have confidence in the integrity of the
Secretary ol ihe Treasury, and I do not mean
in my remarks to cast any imputation upon
him. But the proceeding before him will be
ex parte-, it will be like the proceedings before
a committee of Congiess, which I think is the
worst sort of body to investigate a claim. I
am willing, and have reported, as I say, this
morning, a bill to allow these parties to go be-
fore the Court of Claims any time within six
months and establish their claims if they have
any, and I think that ought to be satisfac-
tory.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me call the Sen-
ator's attention to the fact that the bill we
have reported only applies to loyal men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It only applies to loyal
men, of course.
Mr. CARPENTER. The statement made
by the chairman might imply, that it included
the cases of all persons claiming cotton under
that act.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. 1 am very glad to bo
corrected. I never was in favor of opening
the Court of Claims fordislojal claimants to
bring suits. The bill which we have tvponed
is the bill which the Senator Irom Wit-cousin
introduced some time ago. We have reported
ii wii ii an amendment, making it a little more
specific in regaid to the proof of loyalty. I
am willing 10 vote for the hill we have reported,
and 1 hope the Senate will take it up and pass
it; but 1 am unwilling to vote for this confer-
ence report, which allows these parlies to go
with their ex parte claims to the 'Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. Til (J KM AN. If I understand the
report of the conference committee, the hill
referred to by the Senator from Illinois dues
not touch the subject-matter of the amendment
reported by the conference committee. 'They
are upon wholly different subjects. 'The bill
to which the Senator alludes, and which he
has just reported, relates only to propelty
seized under wlmt is known as the capiured
ami abandoned property act. 'The pi'oviMOti
in the report of the committee applies to piop-
erty that was nor seized under ihat aet, hut.
seized in plain violation of Ihe act. I think I
am not. mistaken about it; so that ihe bill
reported by the Senator does not touch the
question that, is now before us on the report
of the confeience committee ; audi hope i hat
delay will not intervene, or that the report
will not be rejected under the idui now sug-
gested that we can provide for it by the pas-
sage of the bill reported from the Judiciary
Committee. They are upon wholly difl'eient
subjects.
'The question now before the Senate is
simply this and nothing more: wiiliout any
right whatsoever, without any authority of
any statute whatsoever, in plain violatton nt
law and in a tune of peace, after the war had
ceased, the property of the citizen was seized
and sold, and the proceeds put into the I reas-
ury of the United States; and now the only
question is, whether we will keep that plunder
(for plunder it is) or whether we will surrender
it to its rightful owners.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to inteirupt him? I ask him why not let
the party establish those facts before a court
that the property was taken in time of peace
and after the rebellion was over? I do not
