784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
" 3. Resolved, That the president of this board 13
hereby requested to transmit to the President of
the Senate, Speaker of the House, and the con-
gressional delegation from this State, a copy of
these resolutions."
The memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
JAMES DE LONG.
Mr. FRYE,by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee of Claims the peti-
tion of James De Long for compensation, and
moved that thatcommittee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition, and
that it be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
j. w. quinn.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 133-1) for the relief
of J. W. Quinn; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent to
have the bill put upon its passage.
The bill was road for information. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-rolls, subject (o the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name
of J. W. Quinn, late a first lieutenant of the
United States revenue marine, and pay him a
pension to commence from and after the pas-
sage of this act.
Mr. MOOliE. I ask that the report in this
case be read.
The report was read, as follows :
The claim for invalid ponsion in the cuso of John
vt. Quinn, laton first lieutenant in tho United States
roveuuo manno. is ouo ol'a class for which no pro-
vision is made by law. If a pension is granted to
this claimant it must bo considered among thoso
which aro denominated ns gratuitous pensions, Suoh
pom-'ions should bo granted with extreme caution,
aud the ovidenco should show tho particular oaso to
ho peculiarly meritorious, and such eases should
stand by themselves, and not bo considered, when
frrnntcd, in the light of formic precedents for future
notion. IJieUoveriuuentbas, however, from its foun-
dation been in tho habit of granting such pensions
whou tho ease has appeared to bo one of superior
merit, i ho present oaso wo think one of this ohar-
aclor. Captain Quiun i.s an old salt whoso wholo
career, of ubout twonty-livo youra, whilo in thomer-
chant marine and United States roveuuo marine,
has beon one of HinKulur usefulness ami marked by
the highest .possible integrity, Tho old gentleman,
now sixty-eight years of age, i>s tho vory personifica-
tionot cleverness and honor; jusUuoh a uian as any
arm ot tho Government service might bo proud or.
In 18m he was crippled by a fall whilo in the lino of
duty wluch permanently disabled him for activoeea
service. He ih now very poor and unable to pro-
cure, by his own oxortions, a subsistence for his
family, consisting ot himaolf, his aged wifo, and two
children, still dependent upon him for support. His
sou, a noble and gallant younpr navalofliccr, fell in
the late war, on whoso account thoilopendont mother
would bo entitled to a pension; but the sousitivo
mother absolutely declines to apply on aocouut of
the death of her boy.
To Captain Quinn his country is his idol. He
has served it with singular fidelity and honesty, and
has truly boon an ornament to tho aervieo. This
Oovemmeiit can lose nothing by recognizing in
fcoiuo substantial way such singular virtuo in an old
public servant; besides, ho U now quito old, and
cannot, in the course ot nature, long continue to
enjoy this gratuity. Tho committee, therefore, rec-
ommend tho piwsaffo of tho following bill for Ms
relief.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, ;t was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to rceonaidcr be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES KBBNON.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, by unam-
?trU?>°?i"seut\Produced a joint resolution
(11. ii. Xvo. 94) to amend the joint resolution
lor the relief of James Keenon, late consul at
iiong Koug, China, approved February 18,
1867 5 which was read a first and second time,
referred to tho Committee on Foreign Affairs
and ordered to be printed. '
CIIUKOKKE NEUTRAL LAUDS.
Mr. LOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
present, for reference to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, a memorial of the Legislature
of the State of Kansas, in behalf of seftlers on
the Cherokee neutral lands, and I desire to
have the memorial read.
The memorial was read, as follows:
Be it resolved by the House of Mepreeentatweo, (the
Senate concurring therein,) 1. That the Congress
of the United States is earnestly requested to pass
such laws IBs may secure bona fide settlers upon the
Cherokee neutral lands tho full benefit of thehome-
stead and preemption laws, and also secure to tho
State tho sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections of lands
in each township throughout the State, for school
purposes.
2. That our Representatives and Senators in Con-
gress are urged to use their best efforts to secure such
legislation as will accomplish the above object.
3. That the secretary of State is hereby instructed
to transmit a copy of the above resolutions to each
member of the Kansas congressional delegation.
Adopted by the house January 23,1872.
A. R. BANKS,
Chief Ckrk House of jttepresentatives.
Concurred in by senate January 23,1872.
GEORGE C. CROWTHER,
Secretary.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
TKADR STATISTICS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House wityi the following
stfttistios, namely: tho amount of tonnage and value
of cargoes representing tho trade of the United
States for tho year 1870 witb the west coast of Mexico
and Central America, west coast of South America,
Sandwich Islands, islands of tho Pacific, Australia
ftnd Now Zealand, China, Japan, and British, Butch,
and Spanish East Indies; also between the States
of California and Oregon, and the Atlantio States;
the amount of tonnasre and value of cargoes repre-
senting tho trado of Groat Britain for tho year 1870,
with California atid west coast of British America,
west const of Mexico and Central Apaerica, Ecuador,
lent. Chili, tho islands of tho Pacific, Australia,
and New Zealand, China, Japan, and tho Dutch and
Spanish Jiast Indies,outward only; also thoamount
of tonnage and value of cargoes representing tho
trado of Germany for 1870, with west coast of North
Aniorioa, wost coast of South America, Australia
and Now Zealand, islands of tho Pacific, China and
Japan, Dutch and Spanish East Indies, outward
only.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the regular order.
INDIAN APPROPBIATION HILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (H. It. No. 1192) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 80,
1873, and for other purposes, reported last
evening from the Committee of the Whole on
tho stato of the Union with sundry amend-
ments, and the pending question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe.]
Mr.TAFFE'samendmentwas read, as follows:
Provided, That none of the payments provided for
shall be made to tribes which are at war with tho
United States; but if portions of such tribes shall
remain at poaeo and observe their treaty obliga-
tions payments may bo made to such parties pro
rata, under thedireotion of tho Secretary of tho Inte-
rior; And provided further. That all moneys or arti-
cles appropriated by this act shall bo liablo to the
payment tor depredations committed by any of tho
tribes named or contemplated.
The amendment of Mr. Kerb was to strike
out the second proviso, which is as follows:
And provided further. That all moneys or articles
appropriated by this act shall be liablo to the pay-
ment for dopredations committed by any of the
tribes named or contemplated.
^ The question was put; and there were—ayes
79, noes 29; no quorum voting.
Mr. TAFFE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Taffe and
Mr. Kerb were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers renort-
ed—ayes 107, noes 15,
So the amendment to Uio amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to Mr.
Taffe's amendment aa amended, which was
as follows:
Provided, That none of the payments provided
for shall be made to tribes which arc at war with tho
United States; but if portions of such tribes shall
remain at peace and observo their treaty obliga-
tions payments may be made to such parties pro
rata, under the direction of the Secretary of tho
Interior.
The question was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The bill, as amended,was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the
title of the bill by striking out the words " so-
called."
The amendment was agreed to.
COLLEGE OF WILLIAM AND MARY.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, at thirty-one minutes past 'twelve
o'clock, and this being Friday, the committees
will be called for reports of a private nature,
and reports of that character are in order from
the Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1335) to reimburse the College of William and
Mary, in Virginia, for property destroyed dur-
ing the war of the rebellion; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the College of Wil-
liam and Mary, in V irginia, the sum of $65,000
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to reimburse the college
for the destruction of its buildings and other
property, destroyed without authority by dis-
orderly soldiers of the United States during
the late rebellion, no money to be paid except
upon account of such destruction and dam-
ages caused thereby, duly verified and proven.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I make the point
of order that the bill contains an appropriation,
and must have its' first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, and the bill is referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on tho Private Calendar,
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the purpose of considering this bill. Pending
that motion I move that all general debate
thereon be limited to forty minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] that
his motion cannot be put in that precise form,
The gentleman moves that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of this bill. The House
must go into Committee of the Whole for the
consideration of the Private Calendar. The
Chair is not aware, at this present moment,
whether there are any bills on the Private
Calendar preceding this or not; if there are
any, they must be first considered when the
House shall go into Committee of the Whole.
The question was upon going into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar;
and upon a division, there wore—ayes 80,
noes 50.
Before the result of the vote wa3 announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH and Mr. CONGER
called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farxswoiitji
and Mr. Perce were appointed.
'Ike SPEAKER. The Chair has the Private
Calendar before him. There is no bill thus far
this session referred to the Committee of the
Whole and placed on the Private Calendar
except this one; therefore, should the House
