3472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
want him to go into the Treasury Department
to establish it.
Mr. THUliMAN. You allow not simply
the heads of your Departments, but you allow
bureau officers to pass upon twenty times the
amount of these claims every year. You have
done it from the foundation of the Govern-
ment. . You permit them toauditand to allow
upon their certificate the payment of ten times
the amount covered by this amendment of the
conference committee in other cases, and you
have done it for seventy years. If you cannot
trust them in such a matter as this, why not
repeal all those laws; why have any Auditor
of the Treasury at all; why have any Comp-
troller of the Treasury ? Why not compel any
man who is entitled to money from the Gov-
ernment of the United States for services, or
for any reason whatsoever, to go into the Court
of Claims? Why, sir, we had before us but
lately—I know it is a thing that the Senator
from Illinois condemned, and I express 110
opinion upon its merits—the matter of an
award of Si'3,000 by the Secretary of the Navy
upon an old claim and a payment of thalclaim.
Whether that was right or wrong, it is not for
me to say. I have not yet read a word of the
testimony upon it, and I do not express any
opinion upon it; but I mention it simply to
show what the existing law is. Nobody denies
that he was a proper person to audit and allow
that claim if it was not prohibited bylaw. If
the claim had not been fully paid, nobody
denies that he was the proper person to audit
and allow it. So with your Secretary of War;
so with your Secretary of the Interior; so with
your Secretary of the Treasury ; and how is it
done ? By a bureau officer ninety-nine times
out of a hundred.
Now, it will not do to say all at once that
you have 110 confidence in your Secretary of
the Treasury, that }'ou will not trust him to
pass upon claims amounting to only about
half a million dollars, when every year not
only he but almost every Secretary in the Gov-
ernment passes upon ten times the amount of
such claims.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I desire to
say that I shall vote against agreeing to this
report. I shall do so for two reasons. One
is oecause 1 understand it to abandon entirely
the amendment which the Senate agreed to
upon the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Moriull.] I confess that I hear
with reluctance that that amendment is to be
abandoned.
JMr. SHERMAN. It was rejected by the
House.
Mr. HOWE. I understand it was rejected
by the House, and it is abandoned in this
report of the committee if I am correctly in-
formed. For that reason alone I should vote
against agieeiug to the repoit of the commit-
tee; but I think we ought to hesitate, too,
before we agree to the amendment adopted
by the House of Representatives in lieu of
that.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tiidrman] is
entirely right, however, in saying that this
property ought to be paid for. It was taken
without law; it was taken in defiance of law ;
it was taken in defiance of orders. All laws
which authorized the seizure of captured or
abandoned property, and the sale of it, and
paying the proceeds into the Treasury, ended
when the war ended. The war ended, I be-
lieve, in view of that act when we stopped
fighting. I always thought the war ended for
all purposes at that particular date. The war
ended and that statute ceased to operate. But
the Secretary of the Treasury seemed to think
he had a duty to discharge in reference to
property down there after that period arrived.
He admitted that he had 110 right to take the
property of a citizen living down there, what-
ever might have been his sentiments duxing
the war; but he assumed that there wasprop-
erty there which had belonged, not to citizens,
but to that organization known as the confed-
erate government; and he assumed that it wa9
his duty to get hold of that property in some
way. That was not a duty charged by any
statute upon anybody ; and when the Secretary
issued his proclamation, telling these agents
to stop collecting property under the seizure
acts, he excepted from the operation of the
proclamation that which belonged to the con-
federate government. Under that exception
these agents still kept their places.
Mr. SHERMAN. He issued fresh orders
after July.
Mr. HOWE. My attention has not been
called to those fresh orders; but there was an
exception in his proclamation. They still
kept their places, and they went on taking
property upon the pretense that it was con-
federate property. That property was sold
and the money went into the Treasury. The
Senator from Ohio is entirely right in saying
that we cannot keep that money. We have
got to pay that out. We paid some out the
other day, or at least passed a bill to provide
for one of the persons whose cotton was taken
upon the pretext that it belonged to the con-
federate government. That is the only case
we have provided for in the Committee 011
Claims. I do not know what action has
been taken in other committees. But it
seems to me—and this is the point to which
I wish to call the attention of the Senate—
that you ought to make up your minds now
and at once what your liability is in refer-
ence, to that matter. If you say that you
have got to rep iy all these individuals what
their cotton was worth because somebody in
defiance of law and in defiance of all orders
took and sold it 
Mr. MORTON. The amendment only pro-
vides for paying back what the Government
really received, not, what the cotton was worth.
Mr. HOWE. I understand what the prop-
osition here is; but I say the Senate ought to
make up its mind what is the liability of the
Government, and if you say the Government
is liable to pay for that property what it was
worth, then you can trust, perhaps, some one
of your tribunals to go on and lisLen to these
claims individually. But if you make up your
mind that the duty only rests upon the Gov-
ernment to repay to these citizens the money
we got, then another consideration must not
be lost sight of. You see that every one of
these citizens who have lost cotton is inter-
ested in this fund. No one of them can be
paid what he lias lost; they can only be paid
pro rata; and in order to do justice, 110 mat-
ter who undertakes to do it, the Secretary of
the Treasury, or the court, or the Congress,
you ought to have all these parties Jbefore
you. There is a specific tund, amounting to
so many dollars, and each person who has
lost cotton under these circumstances is en-
titled to that share of the fund which the
cotton that he lost bears to the whole cotton
that was taken.
Mr. THURJIAN. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator for one moment. Ilis principles
are entirely right, if the fund is a limited fund
and the claims exceed the fund, and if our
liability is limited to that, there would have
to be an apportionment of the fund. But as I
understand the facts—I am not, going into any
question about whether we oughtto; makegood
the loss—the appropriation provided for by
this conference report is very far from exhaust-
ing the fund.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let rne ask my col-
league as matter of fact do not the books of
the Treasury Department show from what,per-
son the cotton was taken, and the amount
which was paid, into the Treasury on each
man's cotton, and when it was taken? I ask
for information, because I do not know what
the fact, is.
Mr. HOWE. Toacertain exient, undoubt-
edly, the books of the Treasury Department will
show that; but the books will furnish very in-
adequate information in a great many particu-
lars. I call the attention of the Senator from
Ohio to the fact that the proposition before
the Senate is based upon the assumption that,
the Government is liable only to the extent of
the money it has in its Treasury.
Mr. THUIIMAN. That is only hard on
the claimaut, for we give him no interest. We
have got the money ; we have used it; and all
he asks is to be paid back his principal; to be
paid back, too, what the cotton sold for,
although, according to the information of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Saw-
yer,] who investigated the subject, it, was sold
for mueh less than it was really worth.
Mr. HOWE. I admit that is hard on tho
claimant, but will you not make it harder on
him if you say to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, " You may take up these claims seriatim,
consider the claims of Jones and Brown, and
so on, and pass upon them individually?"
Then the men that grab first will be apt to
come off best. When you have exhausted
that fund, where arc you going to come out?
Mr. MORTON. It does not come out of
any particular fund, but out of the Treasury
generally.
Mr. HOWE. But the appropriation is lim-
ited, if I understand 
Mr. MOIITON. It is not. I will read tho
language to the Senator :
And a sufficient sum for such pnymont is hereby
appropriated out of anv money ia liio Treasury 1106
otherwise impropriated.
Mr. HO WIS. A sufficient sum for what?
Mr. MORTON. To pay these claims.
Mr. HOWE, What claims?
Mr. MORTON. For cotton taken after the
war was over.
Mr. HOWE. All cotton or only the pro-
cegd fi 1
Mr. MORTON. The net proceeds of the
cotton taken after the war was over.
Mr. HOWE. Precisely, the net proceeds;
what the Treasury has got derived from tho
cotton taken. That is what you are to pay.
Mr. MORTON, The appropriation is not
confined to that at all. Ttie appropriation is
general; but the money to be paid is the net
proceeds of the property taken after the war
was over.
Mr. COLE. It shall not exceed the amount
of that.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Indiana is
unquestionably right in the supposuion 1 hat
we are not, to pay those exact dollars ; but I10
is unquestionably wrong when he supposes that
the sum which wo are to pay is not measured
precisely dollar for dollar and cent for cent by
the net proceeds of the cotton which was taken
in this way.
Mr. MORTON. Of course it is ; but sup-
pose that should have already been exhausted
by other claims, it is to be paid from the general
appropriation.
Mr. HOWE. You substitute an equal
amount. Those dollars may have gone, but
you are to substitute an equal amount for them.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Then 1 say again the fund is
limited ; and if the aggregate of that tund is
$3,000,000, if that is aH those net proceeds,
when you have disbursed $3,000,000, the
amount, of the cotton taken vastly exceeds the
amount of the proceeds of the Treasuiy. The
claims will be filed hero; Mr. Jones will come
in and claim that he had so much cotton taken.
The Secretary passes upon that claim, findi
he had so much, and pays what the clerk ad-
judges to be tho net proceeds. He does not
have anybody else there to say, " You did not
lose so much cotton." Nobody makesan ls-uw
with him but the Government, and the Gov-
ernment has no interest, because it has money
enough to pay the first man and the seci-n i
man ; but when it has paid the full $3,OOO.OOJ,
t.heu it has not a dollar to pay more, and the
man who has not got his claim iu at all gets
nothing.
Again, I say, it is utterly impossible for any-
