1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4369
the privilege of speaking on any public ques-
tion, or any legislation making any great
change in the laws of this land; that we do
not'propose to do; but while we ask you to
limit debate to five miuutes, we say we will
not offer an amendment, nor permit one to be
offered, that interferes with the general legis-
lation of the country, which is not (to use
my short term, for I shall be more definite
directly) germane to the bill." That was the
contract stated in the rule, and those were the
only terms on which the American Senate, 011
both sides of the Chamber, ever could have
been induced to permit the adoption of that
five-minutes rule.
Now, sir, let me turn for a moment to the
language of that rale :
"Resolved, That during the present session it
shall be in order at anytime to move a recess"—
That was one change—
"and pending an appropriation bill, to move to
confine debate on amendments thereto to five min-
utes by any Senator on the pending motion, and
eueh motions shall be decided without debate."
There is another gag. What was the con-
sideration? What was the consideration that
would have induced Senators on the other
side who have long been members of this body,
and who glory in its privileges, which are sel-
dom abused, to agree to such a rule? What
was the consideration you offered to us and
offered to your own members? To facilitate
public business, to help you through, we agreed
to the limitation of five minutes, we agreed
that the motion could be made without debate,
and you said this:
"And no amendment to any such bill making
legislative provisions other than such as directly
relate to the appropriations contained in the bill
shall be received."
Iusedtheword "germane." Under this rule
a matter of legislation has been introduced, a
proposition which is admitted to be legislation,
a proposition which the Chair itself admits tobe
legislation, but, as the Chair said; "legislation
which relates to an appropriation." It ap-
propriates nothing, and is defended on that
ground by its advocates, and it is decided that
it is legal because it appropriates nothing. If
it appropriated anything it would be a viola-
tion of the regular rule, because it would be
an amendment appropriating money without
the proper notice having been given to the
committee. Let me read that rule for a mo-
ment ; that is, rule 30:
" So amendment proposing additional appropri-
ations shall be received to any general appropri-
ation bill, unless it be made to carry out the pro-
visions of some existing law, or some act or resolu-
tion previously passed by the Senate during that
session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of
an estimate from the head of some of the Depart-
ments; and no amendment shall be received whose
object is to provide for a private claim, unless it be
to carry out the provisions of an existing law or
treaty stipulation."
Now, I appeal to such Senators as think
this matter important enough to listen to the
sound of my voice, whether the object was
not, and that alone, to prevent the loading
down of appropriation bills with matters which
ought to be treated as matters of substantive
legislation. This amendment, as I was say-
ing, could not have been received if it con-
tained an appropriation, and so the Chair says
it is legitimate, it can come in under this rule
because it contains no appropriation. It is
legislation, the Chair decides, but it can come
in under the other rule because it is " legisla-
tion which relates to an appropriation bill."
That is precisely the ruling of the Chair. I
shall not comment upon it. I have too much
respect for the Chair and too much respect for
the Senate to comment on that.
"Relates to appropriations!" Are these
two rules to be so construed that if you put no
appropriation in your amendment you can
pass the first rule, which is put there as a bar-
rier, and then you may adopt any legislation
in the world if that legislation does relate to
any appropriation, and so pass the second
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 274.
barrier? Were those barriers put there to be
passed whenever the man who stood at the
gate at your " open sesame " opened it, and
to be closed to every man who did not know
the talismanic words? Sir, it is idle to pre-
tend that these rules were passed for such a
purpose or could have such a meaning.
One illustration, and I have done. Suppose
the President of the United States is author-
ized by this bill or by some other bill, some
general act of legislation, to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus in Sooth Carolina, South
Carolina being in open warfare, and for that
purpose $5,000 is appropriated in the bill for
the purpose of taking care of the prisoners
and to pay such expenses as may be necessary
in enforcing the law in South Carolina, and
then an amendment is moved which relates
to that appropriation, which is legislation,
admitted to be so by the Chair, but which re-
lates to it. It passes through your first barrier
because there is no appropriation in it; it
passes through your second barrier because it
"relates to an appropriation;" and in that
way you introduce a proposition for the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus in New
York and all over the North. You can do
that under this construction of the rule, and
110 man can gainsay it if the ruling of the
Chair is right.
Now, Mr. President, if I have talked in a
loud voice, it is because, as Senators know,
that is my way of talking. I have tried to talk
gently and discreetly on a matter that is so
important and so serious that rather than tan-
talize other Senators by words of heat or the
least disposition to be uncourteous I would
urge upon Republican Senators for their own
sakes, for the sake of their party, for the sake
of the country, and for the sake of the honor
and credit of the Senate, not to do this thing
at this time of night. I assure them that
nothing on earth can be gained by such an act
as this, such a surprise.
Now, Mr. President, I do not wish to in-
troduce matters which in some sense may
be said to be private and in another sense
may be said to be public, into this debate ;
but I do say—I do not wish to mention the
names of Senators, but I do say that Sen-
ators from that side of the Chamber who have
been within the sound of my voice since I
have been talking, within one or two days
came to this side, and in the presence of three
or four Democratic Senators told me this
attempt would not be made, and when I told
a Democratic Senator who was taking ac-
tion on the supposition that this movement
would be made, that he need take^ 110 such
action, that Democratic Senator replied, " Do
not trust them;" but I said, "i will trust
them; they will notgo backon what they say."
That I am prepared to prove. 1 would rather
not mention the name of the Senator, because
I am perfectly satisfied he is as honorable a
Senator as there is in this body. I have as
much respect for him as I have lor any Sena-
tor in the body. He believed it from the bot-
tom of his heart when he said so ; but it proves
that if I had acted on it and trusted upon it
I should have trusted upon a broken reed—
not through his fault; but somehow or other
there has been a change of policy, I think, in
the party.
To-day a gentleman came to me and asked
me if I would consent to change that rule so
as to permit some private schemes to come in
on the bill. Said I, " No; no Democratic Sen-
ator will permit that, because you will then
introduce party amendments on this bill."
Said he, "I am authorized by a Republican
Senator" (whose name he mentioned) "to
tell all the Democratic Senators that the thing
shall not be attempted." That I am ready to
prove.
I make no charge agamst these Senators, i
say, not for any purpose of parliamentary pro-
priety, and I beg Senators to understand that,
but because I believe it and know it, these
Senators believed what they said. I know
they believed it as far as their information
went. As late as this morning one gentleman
told me there was no intention on earth to try
and force this thing 011" the appropriation bill.
And now they come in to-night, as I said in
the opening of my remarks, with this propo-
sition printed, printed at the Government .
Printing Office, as far as we can judge;
handed about, not laid on our desks as all
other bills are, but handed about, when called
for, by the Senator introducing it—they come
in and ask us to pass this thing at this time of
night on the appropriation bill'.
Mr. President, 1 have never occupied one
minute of the time of the Senate since I have
been a Senator for the purposes of delay. If
the majority in this body desire to pass this
measure in this way, to append it to an appro-
priation bill, I have nothing to say but this,
that it will not benefit them in any way in the
world. It never can. The people of the
United States understand the proprieties of
legislation as well as Senators on this floor do.
My friend, the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who we are so
sorry may possibly be called in some of the
various accidents that occur in human life, by
some interposition of Providence, from his
seat in the Senate to take another position,
defends the workingmen's rights constantly in
the Senate, and is all the time talking about
how they understand what we are doing here,
how they smell out what Senators are at, and
speaking of their intelligence; but he does not
go one half as far as he might. _ They do un-
derstand well what is going on in the Senate,
and the action of to-night, in my humble judg-
ment, will betiefitno person engaged in attempt-
ing to pass this amendment on the appropri-
ation bill.
But, sir, as I said before, I have no object
to occupy one minute of time unnecessarily.
I do not propose to prevent your putting this
measure through if you intend to do it, if you
have agreed to do it, but I do mean to say that
the people of this country will look at this ac-
tion to-night and the attempt to put this meas-
ure on an appropriation bill at this time, aud
will ask you the reason why.
Mr. ANTHONY. From what the Senator
from New Jersey has said, there seems to have
been a misunderstanding, although how it
originated I do not know. I am not one of
the Senators who gave any pledges about this
amendment not being proposed, nor did 1
know until very recently that it was to be pro-
posed ; but the whole gravamen, the wnole
complaint, as I understand from the other side
of the Chamber is, that whereas a mouth ago
this amendment would have been perfectly in
order as a permanent law, we have passed a
rule by which it can only be in order as appli-
cable for the term for which the appropriation
bill now under consideration applies. Two
attempts have been made by Senators on this
side of the Chamber to repeal that rule, anu
it was resisted I think 011 both sides of the
Chamber. I am sure it was on the other side.
Now, the only complaint is thefive-minutes rule.
What evil that rule accomplishes when Sen-
ators speak half an hour, I do not see, because
we all know, and have abundant illustration
that a motion can be made to which the five-
minutes rule does not apply, upon which a de-
bate can go on covfting the whole ground of
this amendment.
Now, I speak only for myself; but I say, if
this rule, which is the cause of so much com-
plaint, is the only difficulty, I am quite willing
to rescind it, and let us stand just the same as
we did before the rale was adopted. _ We all
know that a large portion of the legislation
since I have been in Congress, for twelve or
thirteen years, has been put on appropriation
bills: and that is a very vicious system or
legislation, I think; but it_ is_ one that has
always prevailed, and this bill itself has every
year been made the rider for legislation ot
