1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*?33
Laics of the United States.
42d Coxg....2d Sess.
irittis'er^ plenipotentiary to Great Britain,
Fr.uiet. Gi-tmany, anil Russia, at seventeen
>iioti.-ai"i lire hundred dollars each, seventy
It't us,!' d dollars.
I'o ^p.iiii, Austria, Brazil, Mexico, Japan,
China, atld Italy, at twelve thousand dollars
each, e ghty-tour thousand dollars.
To C:nli and Peru, at ten thousand dollars
each, twenty thousand dollars.
For ministers resident at Portugal, Swit-
zerland, Greece, Belgium, Netherlands, Ben-
mark, .Sweden and Norway, 'lurkey, Ecuador,
Columbia, Bolivia, Venezuela, Nicaragua,
Guatemala, Costa Rica, Honduras, and Sal-
vador, Hawaiian Islands, and the Argentine
Republic, at, seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars each, one hundred and forty-two thousand
five hundred dollars: Prodded, That on and
after June thirty, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-three, there shall be but one minister res-
ident accredited to Guatemala, Costa Rica,
Honduras, Salvador, and Nicaiagua, and that
the President be authorized to select the place
of residence for the minister in any one of
those States.
For minister resident at Uruguay, also
accredited to Pataguay, eleven thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For salary of minister resident and consul
general at Hayti, seveu thousand five hundred
dollars.
For minister resident and consul general at
Liberia, four thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation at
London, Paris, and Berlin, at two thousand
six hundred and twenty-five dollars each,
'seven thousand eight hundredaud seventy-five
dollars,
To enable Robert C. Schenck, minister to
Great Britain, to employ a private amanu-
ensis, according to joint resolution approved
January eleventh, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation to
Austria, Brazil, Italy, Mexico, Russia, and
Spain, at one thousand eight hundred dollars
each, ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
For salaries of assistant secietaries of the
legations to France. Great Britain, and Ger-
many, at two thousand dollars each, six thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation (act-
ing also as interpreter) to China, live thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter of the United
States legation and consulate general in Tur-
key, three thousand dollars ; and on and after
the passage of this act tbe duties of secretary
of legation shall be performed by the inter-
preter at Constantinople.
For salary of interpreter and secretary of
legation to Japan, two thousand live hundred
dollars each, five thousand dollars; and the
office of secretary of legation to Japan is
hereby authorized and established.
For compensation of charg6 d'affaires ad
inteiim, and lor compensation of diplomatic
officers of the United States abroad, forty
thousand dollars : Provided, That no compen-
sation or allowance shall be made to any such
officer after the termination of his official func-
tions other than for such time as shall neces-
sarily be occupied in his direct return to the
United States, and the proviso to the clause in
the act of March third, eighteen hundred and
seventj-one, entitled " An act making appro-
p'iat.mis 10 supply deficiencies for the seivice
o> t; c Government for the fiscal yeat[«J end-
it g <)u< e tlni tietli, eighteen hundred and sev-
eii'y, a d June thirtieth.eighteen hundredarid
j'< vwi.j-one, aud for other purposes," "for
salaries of United States ministers abroad,"
and so fotlh, he, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
For compensation of agents appointed by
tbe President to examine consular accounts, as
authoiized by the second section of tbe act,
approved July eleventh, eighteen hundred and
s'venty, ten thousand dollars ; and I'rom and !
after the close of the fiscil year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy three,
said appropriation shall cease, and all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent therewith be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course proper, and of all the missions abroad,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For salaries of consuls general, consuls,
vice consuls, commercial agents, and thirteen
consular clerks, including loss by exchange,
four hundred and sixteen thousand dollars, as
follows :
i. consulates general.
Schedule B.
Alexandria, Calcutta, Constat) tinople,Frank-
fort-on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shang-
hai, Beirut, Tampico, London, Paris.
ii. consulates.
Schedule B.
Aix-la-Chapelle, Acapulco, Algiers, Amoy,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bangkok,
Basle, Belfast, Buenos Ayres, Bordeaux, Bre-
men, Brindisi, Boulogne, Barcelona, Cadiz,
Cailao, Canton, Chemnitz, Chin-Kiang, Clif-
ton, Coaticook, Cork, Demerara, Dundee,
Elsmore, Fort Brie, Foo Choo, Funchal, Ge
tieva, Genoa, Gibraltar, Glasgow. Godeticb,
Halifax, Hamburg, Havre, Honolulu, Hong-
Kong, Hankow, Hakodadi, Jerusalem, Kana-
gawa, Kingston (Jamaica), Kingston (Can-
ada), La Rochelle, Laguayra, Leeds, Leghorn,
Leipsic, Lisbon, Liverpool, Lyons, Malaga,
Malta, Manchester, Matanzas, Marseilles,
Mauritius, Melbourne, Messina, Munich,
Mahe, Nagasaki, Naples, Nassau (West In-
dies), New Castle, Nice, Nantes, Odessa,
Oporto, Osacca, Palermo, Panama, Pernam-
buco, Pictou, Port Mahon, Port Said, Pres-
cott, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, Rio de
Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Juan del Sur, San
Juan (Porto Rico), Saint John's (Canada
Hast), Santiago de Cuba, Port Sarnia, Rome,
Singapore, Smyrna, Southampton, Saint Pe-
tersburg, Santa Cruz (West Indies), Saint
Thomas, Spezzia, Stuttgardt, Swatow, Saint
Helena, Tangier, Toronto. Trieste, Trinidad
de Cuba, Tripoli. Tunis, Tunstall, Tien-Tsin,
Turk's Island, Valparaiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna,
Valencia, Windsor (Canada West), Zurich,
Birmingham, Barmen, and Winnipeg (Selkirk
settlement, British North America).
iii. consulates.
Schedule C.
Aux Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Haytien, Candia, Cape Town,Carthagena,
Ceylon, Cobija, Cyprus, Falkland Islands,
Fayal, Guayaquil, Guaymas, Maranham, Mat-
amoras, Mexico, Montevideo, Omoa, Payta,
Paro, Paso del Norte, Piraeus, Rio Grande,
Saint Catharine, Santiago (Cape Verde), Stet-
tin, Tabasco, Tahiti, Talcabuano, Tumbez,
Venice, Windsor (Nova Scotia), Zanzibar.
And there may be appointed a consul at Wind-
sor, Nova Scotia, at an annual salary of one
thousand dollars.
iv. commercial agencies.
Schedule O.
Amoor river, Apia, Gaboon, Saint Paul de
Loaudo, Lautliala, Sabmilla.
v. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Madagascar, San Juan del Norte, Saint
Domingo.
For interpreter to the consulates in China,
Japan, and Siam, including loss by exchange,
five thousand seven hundred dollars.
For marshals for the consular courts in
Japan, including that of N.-mas iki, anJ in
China, Siam, and lurkey, including los-i !>y
exchange thereon, seven thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For stationery, book-cases, arms of the
United States, seals, presses, and flags, and
payment of rent, fr-ight, postage, and miscel-
laneous expenses, including loss by exchange
thereon, sixty thousand dollars: Provided,
That none of the books published by the Gov-
ernment, and usually known by the name of
" public documents," shall hereafter be sup-
plied to the legations and consulates of the
United States, except such as shall have been
first designated by the Secretary of S'ate by
an order, to be recorded in the State Depart-
ment, as suitable for and required by the
legation and consulate to which it shall be sup-
plied.
For expenses for interpreters, guards, and
other matters, at the consulates at Constanti-
nople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, Jerusa-
lem, and Beirut, in the Turkish dominions,
three thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts
in Siam and Turkey, and for wages of the
keepers of the same, including loss by ex-
change, four thousand dollars.
For rent of prison for Atneriean convicts in
China, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of keepers, care of offenders, and
expenses, ten thousand dollars.
For rent of prison for American convicts in
Japan, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For wages of keepers, care of offenders, and
expenses, five thousand dollars.
For expenses incurred in bringing home from
foreign countries persons charged with crime,
and expenses incident thereto, including loss
by exchange, five thousand dollars.
For relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, eighty thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in
acknowledging the services of masters and
crews of foreign vessels in rescuing American
citizens from shipwreck, five thousand dollars.
To meet the necessary expenses attendant
upon the execution of the neutrality act, to be
expended under the direction of the President,
in conformity with the third section of the act
of May first, eighteen hundred and ten, enti-
tled "An act fixing the compensation of min-
isters and consuls residing on the coast of
Barbary, and for other purposes," twenty
thousand dollars.
To meet the payment of the ninth annual
instalment of the proportion contributed by
the United States toward the capitalization of
the Scheldt dues, sixty-six thousand five hun-
dred and eighty four dollars.
The compensation of the chief clerk of the
Department of State shall beat the rate of two
thousand five hundred dollars per annum,
beginning with the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Approved, May 22,1872.
Chap. CXCV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service for the year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen- hundred and sev-
enty-three, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the naval service
of the Government for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred aud seventy-thiee,
anil for other purposes:
For pay of commissioned and warrant offi-
cers at sea, on bhore, on special service, and
of those on the retired list and unemployed,
