734
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
42b Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
and for mileage and transportation of officers
travelling under orders, and for pay of the
petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, lands-
men, and boys, including men of the engineer's
force, eight, thousand five hundred men, at ail
average pay of three hundred dollars each per
annum, six million two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Navy De-
partment, one hundred thousand dollars.
BUREAU OF NAVIGATION.
For foreign and local pilotage and towage
of ships of war, fifty thousand dollars.
For services and materials in correcting com-
passes on board ship, and for adjusting and
testing compasses on shore, three thousand
dollars.
For nautical and astronomical instruments,
nautical books, maps, charts, and sailing direc-
tions, and repairs of nautical instruments for
ships of war, ten thousand dollars.
For books for libraries for ships of war,
thiee thousand dollars.
For Navy signals and apparatus, "amely,
signal-lights, lanterns, and rockets, including
running lights, drawings, and engravings for
signal books, six thousand dollars.
For compass fittings, including binnacles,
tripods, and other appendages of ship's com-
passes, to he made in the navy-yards, five
thousand dollars.
For logs and other appliances for measuring
the ship's way, leads and other appliances lor
sounding, three thousand dollars.
For lanterns and lamps and their append-
ages, for general use on boaid ship, including
those for the cabin, ward-room, and steerage,
for the holds and spirit-room, for decks and
qunrtertnasier's use, six thousand dollars.
For burning, and other inateiials for flags,
and making and repairing flags of all kinds,
five thousand five hundred dollars.
For oil for ships of war oiher than that used
for the engineer department, candles when
u^ed as a substitute for oil in binnacles, run-
ning lights, lor chimneys and wick and soap
used in navigation department, thirty-five
thousand dollais.
For stationery for commanders and navi-
gators of vessels of war, four thousand dol-
lars.
For musical instruments, and music for ves-
sels of war, one thousand dollars.
For steering signals and indicators, and for
speaking-tubes and gongs, for signal com-
munication on board vessels of war, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
Civil Establishment.
For pay of writers and laborers, and for
purposes incidental to the support of the civil
establishment under this bureau at the several
navy-yards, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Navigation: freight and transportation of
navigation matetials; instruments, books, and
stores; postage and telegraphing on public
business; adveitismg for proposals; packing-
boxes and materials; blank-books, forms, and
stationery at navigation offices, six thousand
dollars.
For drawing, engraving, and printing and
photo-lithographing charts, electrotyping and
cot reeling old plates, preparing and publish-
ing sailing directions, and other liydrographic
information, seventeen thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For surveying in the Pacific, fifty thousand
dollars.
For making charts, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For fuel, lights, and office furniture; care
of building and other labor; purchase of books
for library, drawing materials, and other sta-
tionery ; postage, freight, and other contingent
expenses, seven thousand dollars.
For rent and repair of building, two thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses of Naval Observatory,
namely:
For pay of one clerk, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For three assistant observers, four thousand
five hundred dollars.
For wages of one instrument maker, one
messenger, three watchmen, and one porter;
for keeping grounds in order and repairs to
buildings ; for fuel, light, and office furniture ;
and for stationery, purchase of books for
library, chemicals for batteries, postage, and
freight, and all other contingent expenses,
thirteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For computation for theory and tables of
the moon, two thousand dollars.
For fitting up transit circle room, and com-
pleting its arrangement, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For transcribing astronomical observations
upon sheets for publication, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For erection of tower and dome for the
new refracting telescope, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For payment, in part, for the great refract-
ing telescope now in the course of construc-
tion, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of Nautical Almanac:
For pay of computers and clerk for compil-
ing ana pieparuig for publication the Ameri-
can iSphemeris and the Nautical Almanac,
twenty thousand dollars.
For prepaiing elements and tables of new
planets discovered by American astronomers,
three thousand dollars.
For rent, fuel, labor, stationery, boxes,
expresses, and miscellaneous items, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
BUREAU OP ORDNANCE.
For one thousand two hundred and fifty
barrels of gunpowder, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For fuel and materials necessary in carrying
on the mechanical branches of the oidnance
department at the navy yards and stations, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For labor at ad the navy-yards, three hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That labor-
ers shall be employed in the several navy-
yards by the proper officers in charge with
reference to skill and efficiency, and without
regard to other considerations.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry
on his experiments towards converting heavy
smooth bore guns into rifled guns, with a view
to obtain a combination gun possessing the
qualities of both smooth-bore and rifle, forty
thousand dollars.
For repairs to ordnance buildings, maga-
zines, gun-parks, machinery, and oilier neces-
saries of the like character, toity-seven thou-
sand six hundred and one dollars.
For miscellaneous items, six thousand one
hundred and fifty dollars.
For experiments in ordnance, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For the gun-park at the navy yard at Pen-
sacola, eight thousand eight hundred and
eighty-six dollars.
For the shot-park at Pensacola, five thou-
sand seven hundred and sixty dollars.
For the sh -*11-house at the magazine at Pen-
sacola, twenty-three thousand seven hundred
and eighty five dollars.
For the railroad to the shell-house at Pen-
sacola, one thousand and ninety-six dulluis.
For the railroad to the magazine, six thou-
sand tlnee hundred and ninety-eight dollars.
For gun-skids and shot-bed at navy yard,
Mare Island, ten thousand dollars.
For reservoir and pipe at magazine, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For new car and railroad track at maga-
zine, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the torpedo corps; for the purchase and
manufacture of gunpowder, nitro-glycerine,
and gun-cotton, twelve thousand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of electrical
machines, galvanic batteries, and insulated
wire, twenty-four thousand dollars.
For purchase of copper, iron, wood, and
other materials necessary for the manufac-
ture of torpedoes, and for work on the same,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For construction of torpedo-boats, pur-
chase of coffer-work or hulks, and contingent
expenses, thirty five thousand dollars.
For additional . buildings, and machine-
shop, and additional quarters, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For labor, including one chemist at two
thousand dollars, one foreman machinist at
one thousand five hundred and sixty-five dol-
lars, and two clerks at one thousand seven
hundred dollars each, twenty-one thousand
and sixty-five dollars.
Civil Establishment.
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
es'ablishment of the several navy-yards under
this bureau, which shall include one store
clerk of ordnance at the Philadelphia navy-
yard, at the salary of one thousand four hun-
dred dollars, fifteen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the ordnance
service of the Navy, one thousand dollars.
BUREAU OP EQUIPMENT AND RECRUITING.
For Equipment of Vessels.
For coal for steamers' use, including ex-
penses of transportation ; storage, labor,
hetnp, wire, and oilier materials for the uian-
ufaciure of rope; hides, cordage, canvas,
lea'her; iron for manufacture of cables,
anchors, and galleys; condem-ing and boat-
detaching apparatus; cables, anchors, furni-
ture, hose, bake-ovftis, and cooking-stoves,
lile rafts, heating apparatus for receiving-ships;
and lor the payment of labor in equipping-
vessels, and manufacture of articles m the
navy-yaids pertaining to this bureau, one mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars.
Civil Establishment at the Navy-Yard, Kit-
tery, Maine.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for store tlerk, one
thousand one hundred dollars ; and lor time
eleik, nine hundied dollars; in all, three
thousand four hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Charlestown, Massachu-
For superintendent, of rope-walk, one thou-
sand nine hundred dollars; clerk to same,
one thousand two hundred dollars; clerk in
equipment office, one thousand five hundred
dollars; for store clerk one thousand two hun-
dred dollars ; time clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; in all, seven thousand dollars.
At the Navy Yard, Washington, District of
Columbia.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars ; and for one store and
one time cleik, one at one thousand four hun-
dred dollais, and one at one thousand two
hundred dollars; in all, four thousand oue
hundred dollais.
At the Navy-Yard. Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for one store and one
time clerk, at one thousand two hundred dol-
lars each ; in all, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Brooklyn, New York.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
