1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
the same manner and out of the same appro-
priation provided for in the act organizing the
commissioners of claims, being an act making
appropriations for tUe support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes, approved March 3, 1871.
The amendments reported by the commit-
tee were read, as follows:
At tbe end of section one add the following:
Provided, The claimants shall pay the fees of such
special commissioners for taking the depositions of
■witnesses called by them, and such fees shall in no
cose exceed five dollars if the claim is less than
81,000.
Alter the word "claims," in line two ot the sec-
ond section, insertthe words " or either of them."
Before the word "dollars," in line thirteen of
section three, insert " six."
At the end of the bill add the following as a new
section:
SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the said commissioners of_ claims to
receive and examine and consider the justiee and
validity of such claims as shall be brought before
them of those citizens who remained loyal adher-
ents to the cause of the Government of the United
States during the war, for stores or supplies taken
or furnished during the rebellion for the use of the
Navy of the United States, in tho same manner and
with like effect as they are now required by law
to do in the cases of stores and supplies taken or
furnished for the use of the Army.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman. ]
Mr. HOLM AN. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose ot submitting a motion to strike out
the third section of the bill. 1 propose to ask
that the section be again reported. Belore
that is reported by the Clerk, 1 trust the House
will permit me to say a word or two. Mem-
bers will observe there are two important fea-
tures in this bill, one being the appointment of
commissioners to take testimony to be laid
before the commissioner. Th'at is all right:
but there is a second provision for the appoint-
ment of agents who shall proceed to the vari-
ous sections of the country where these claims
originate and there make inquiry into all the
facts. 1 think that is an unnecessary expense.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope the House
will be called to order, as we cannot hear any-
thing said by the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER pro tempore called the
House to order.
Mr. HOLM AN. Mr. Speaker, I was seeking
to call the aitention of the House to the im-
portance of the features of this bill. The first
is in reference to the appointment of commis-
sioners by this commission of claims, who in
various sections shall take the testimony to be
used before these claims commissioners. That
provision of the bill seems to me to be a very
proper one. The provision which I propose to
strike out is contained in the third section,
■which proposes that the commissioners of
claims may appoint and employ agents, but
not more than three at any time, whose duty
it shall be, under the direction and authority
of said commissioners, to investigate claims
pending before them which exceed $3,000 in
amount, to procure evidence, to secure tbe
attendance of witnesses on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, and to examine the same, and to
cross-examine the witnesses produced byclaim-
ants, and to perform such other duties as may
be requited of them by said commissioners,
■who may discharge them at any time.
I object to tliis not so much on the score of
expense, but because, after the Government,
through these agents, shall have made inquiry
in reference to these claims before reporting
tho testimony to these commissioners of claims
they will act, not so much in an ex parte, pro-
ceeding, but it will assume rather the formof a
regular legal proceeding where the Govern-
ment will not be fairly represented. It would
not be, as now, an ex parte proceeding. It is
not proposed that the Government shall bo
represented by an attorney; and in reference
to this commission, there are none of the safe-
guards with regard to nil these claims which
aie thrown round the Court of Claims, and
beside, there is no appeal provided for to the
Supreme Court. The adoption of this section
will leave the commission, while it will, to a cer-
tain extent, relieve Congress from all the em-
barrassments of allowing these claims, without
those safeguards in behalf of the Government
which, when you consider the character of
many of these claims, many of them exceed-
ing half a million dollars, the Government
ought to have. The Government ought to be
secured against any false practices, for we must
recollect, these agents are to be employed at
small salaries and will be surrounded by all
the temptations generally attending this sort
of proceeding, and the security provided for on
the part of tho Governments altogether incon-
siderable.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
I will say a word in reply to the gentleman
from Indiana. While I did not believe tnere
would be any opposition to this bill, I was,
nevertheless, willing that the gentleman should
have an opportuniiy to move his amendment.
The section he proposes to strike out is the
most important section in the bill, and the one
which really has led to its being reported at
at all. It arises out of this fact: the board
of commissioners of claims, in examining
claims which come before them, oftentimes
become satisfied that while there is an ex parte
case made out before them, if an examination
could bo made by impartial persons into the
truth of the matter, it would turn out quite
otherwise. The claimant comes from a thou-
sand miles away, and brings three witnesses,
if you please; one of these witnessesis himself
and the other two are old servants of his. They
appear before the commissioners and all swear
to a similar state of facts, and make out a
prima facie case. It looks as if there were no
defense, but yet, from all the circumstances
surrounding the case, the commissioners are
morally certain there must be some other facts
which ought to appear before them and which
bear greatly on the matter. They desire from
Congress authority simply to appointan agent,
where they have this belief, who shall go into
the neighborhood and investigate these facts,
and bring their investigation to the knowledge
of the commissioners; to subpena witnesses
if need be, and bring them before them in
order that the truth of the matter may be made
to appear. 1 f there can be any possible objec-
tion, 1 do not really see what it is.
The committee believe, upon consultation
with the commissioners, that this is not only
wise but in fact is almost indispensable. Some
of these cases, involving amounts of $50,000
or $100,000, or even $200,000, are brought
before the commission on just such ex parte
testimony. They ask Congress to give them
the authority to look into the truth of the mat-
ter. We think that they ought to have it, and
that it is the interest of the Government that
they should have it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I move the previous
question on the engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is first on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holmajs",] to strike
out the third section.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask that the third
section be again reported.
The section was again read.
The question being taken, Mr. Holman's
amendment was rejected.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Tho question was nexton the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the bill
be read in extenso.
The bill was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry or two. This is a very important bill,
and its object strikes me as a v.ery good one,
but it is important that the attention of the
House should be carefully directed to its pro-
visions. I see no provision in the section lim-
iting the number of commissioners who may
be appointed. Is it left to the discretion of
the commissioners of claims?
There is one other matter to which I wish
to call the attention of the chairman of the
committee, the tjentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Blaik.] The Constitution provides that the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, &c.,
and all other officers of the United States
whose appointments are not therein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be established
by law; but the Congress may by law vest the
appointment of such inferior officers, as they
think proper, in the President alone, in the
courts of law, or in the heads of Departments.
Now, the claims commissioners are not a
court. Nor are they the head of a Depart-
ment. Is there not here a difficulty in the
way of that provision which authorizes the
commissioners to appoint other commission-
ers who may take testimony and administer
oaths? These commissioners provided for
by this bill to be appointed by the claims
commissioners are like the United States
court commissioners in their power to take
testimony, administer oaths, &c. And what
I wish to ask is, whether we have authority
for their appointment in any other way than
that prescribed in the Constitution ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. As the law now
stands, the same state of things exist in that
respect. Under the authority of the act au-
thorizing their appointment, they may appoint
commissioners to take testimony merely as
they may consider necessary in all parts of
the southern country. We have not touched
the question as to authority; they have the
authority utider the old act, and 1 take it for
gianted that they would have the authority
under this act. The object of the Gist section
is to author.ze and enablethein more fully to do
thisbu&iness. It does not alter the number of
commissioners that may be appointed. In fact,
it makes no change atall in that respect. This
difficulty is found: that the commissioners
appointed under the authority of the board did
not have a right to administer oaths by virtue
of such appointment, but they had to appoint
persons who had authority to administer oaths
by virtue of some oilier olfice held by them. I
have not examined into the constitutional ques-
tion, but I think it will be found that there is
nothing in it. I do not deem it important to
make any further remarks. I ask that the bill
be passed.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISVILLE ETC., TUttNPIKE COMPANY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
19d0) for the benefit of the Louisville and
Bardstown Turnpike Company; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that that bill makes an appropriation,
and must have its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and the bill is
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I suggest that
this bill does not make an appropriation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I am not cer-
tain about it.
