1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
chester c. tolman.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. It. No. 1339) for the relief
of Chester C. To 1 man; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to consider, rehear, and
determine the application of Chester C. Tol-
man for the extension of letters-patent for an
improvement in gimlets, issued to him on the
4th of December, 1855, and numbered 13897,
for the term of seven years from the 4th of
December, 1869, upon the same evidence and
principles and with the same effect as if the
application for extension had been made and
the evidence therein filed in the Patent Office
within the time prescribed by law prior to the
expiration of said patent, and as if no hearing
had been had for such extension. The bill
provides, however, that in case such extension
be granted no person shall be held liable for
damages for infringement of said patent, or
for the sale or use of the said improvement
between the date of the expiration of the ori-
ginaf patent and the date of the extension.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KBLLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alexander. smitii and iialcyon skinner.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1340) for the relief
of Alexander Smith and Halcyon Skinner;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Patents to grant a rehearing of the
application of Smith & Skinner for extension
of the letters-patent granted them on the 4th
of November, 1856, for improvement in power
looms, and authorizes him to revive and ex-
tend the letters-patent for a further term of
seven years from and after the 1st of Novem-
ber, 1870, notwithstanding the original term
for which the letters-patent, was granted has
expired and said patentees have patented the
invention in foreign countries, and such for-
eign patents had expired before the 4th of
November, 1870, if in his judgment the paten-
tees were originally the first inventors of the
invention described in said letters-patent, and
the invention is useful and the patentees have
failed without neglect or fault on their part to
obtain from the use and sale of the invention
a reasonable remuneration for the time, inge-
nuity, labor, and expense bestowed upon the
same, and the introduction thereof into use.
The letters-patent, when so revived and ex-
tended, are to have the same effect in law as
if they had been oiiginally granted, for the
term of twenty-one years; but all persons who
at the time of the passage of this act had con-
structed or caused to be constructed or used
looms on the plan of said invention, shall be at
liberty during such extended term to use, and
vend to others to use, the looms so constructed.
Mr. KELLOGG: This is one of those cases
of foreign patents where the late Commissioner
of Patents refused an extension simply on the
ground that the foreign patent had expired.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sakaii s. teapp.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Patents, reported, with an amendment, House
bill No. 924, for the relief of Sarah S. Trapp,
executrix of William Trapp, deceased.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
letters-patent granted to William Trapp, a
citizen of the United States, dated the 1st day
of October, 1845, surrendered and reissued on
the 10th day of March, 1849, and extended by
the Commissioner of Patents for seven years
from the 1st day of October, 1859, and again
surrendered and reissued in two several divis-
ions or patents, numbered respectively 1946
and 1947, for new and useful improvements in
barrel machinery, be renewed, revived, and
extended for the term of seven years from and
after the passage of this act; and the Commis-
sioner of Patents is directed, upon the pre-
sentation of said patents or reissues, numbered
respectively 1946 and 1947, or certified copies
thereof, by making a certificate upon such
patent or reissue, or certified copy thereof, of
such extension (the lawful fees being first paid
therefor) in the name of Sarah S. Trapp, exe-
cutrix of William Trapp; and the Commissioner
of Patents is directed to cause the same to be
entered of record in the Patent Office j and the
patents, so renewed, revived, and extended,
shall have the same effect in law as if origin-
ally granted for terms extending to the end of
the term to which they are extended by this
act; provided, however, that such renewal or
extended patents shall be open to legal inquiry
and decision in the same manner as if issued
under the general law regulating the granting
of patents; and provided further, that no
person, firm, or corporation shall be liable
for any damage or royalty for having made,
vended, or used said improvements in said
patents specified prior to the passage of this
act.
The amendment reported from the com-
mittee was to add to the* bill the following:
And any such person, firm, or corporation having
made or purchased and used said improvement since
the expiration of the patent, shall be entitled to use
the same without liability during the term of said
extension.
Mr. DICKEY. I would like the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogg] to explain
the necessity for renewing a patent that has
already run twenty-one years.
Mr. DU BOSE. I desire the floor after the
gentleman has made his explanation.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will yield to the gen-
tleman after I have made my explanation. I
ask that the report accompanying this bill be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee of Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of Sarah S. Trapp, widow and executrix
of William Trapp, late of Elmira, Uew York, de-
ceased, report:
That it appears from the evidence in this case
thatletters-patent of the United States were granted
to said William Trapp, on the 1st day of October,
1845, for improvements in machinery in making
barrels; that at the proper time said patent was
duly extended by the Commissioner of Patents for
seven years, that is, to the 1st day of October, 1866 ;
that on the 2d day of May, 1865, said patent was
surrendered and reissued in two separate divisions
or patents numbered 1916 and 1947, expiring Octo-
ber 1, 1866; that said Trapp spent about seven years
of his life in inventing and perfecting his improve-
ments and upward of seven thousand dollars in
money upon the same; that he industriously sought
to introduce his invention into public use and
realize some benefit therefrom, but lie was poor,
and capital was essential to construct the machinery,
and be was so harassed with litigation, undertaken
to defend and establish his patent, that he could
get but little credit, and at the expiration of his
patents the total amount of all his receipts, on
account thereof, were less than fourteen thousand
dollars. In May. 1866. he filed a petition and proofs
to obtain an extension of said patents by Congress,
but the matter was not acted upon, and in July,
1867. after a lingering illness, ho died, leaving his
wife, the petitioner, and two minor children his
heirs, and the entire value of his estate, both real
and personal, did not exceed the sum of §1,000. -H-IS
wife was duly appointed .executrix of his estate,
and now applies to have said patents e.sj;©nded.
Much of the evidence was taken and filed in 18M>,
and is from leading citizens of Elmira, rsevr Yoik,
where Trapp had resided some years. Xt was proved
by those who had known Trapp for six or eight years
before his death, that during that time ho had been
in embarrassed circumstances, largely m debt, and
numerous judgments, unsatisfied, against him; that
from his crippled resources ha had been unable to
do much with his patent barrel machinery; that ho
had seemed to make all the effort possible to reap
some benefit therefrom, but the machinery was such
that it required a large capital to manufacture it—
more than he was able to command; that he was a
poorman, wellalong in years, the most ofwhoselife
had been devoted to the perfection of his invention
and endeavoring to introduce it. The practical use
and value of the invention is abundantly proven by
evidence of practical workmen and experts.
The committee believe the invention a very use-
ful and important one, and that the inventor has
received comparatively no compensation therefor,
and they report a bill for the relief of the petitioner,
extending and reviving said patents, andrecommend
its passage, with an amendment herewith reported.
Mr. KELLOGG. As I am asked to make
a brief explanation of this bill, I will endeavor
to do it in very few words. I will say in the out-
set that the committee would not have reported
in favor of this extension if the most of them
had not believed that it was a es^e of peculiar
hardship, and that this petitioner- was justly
entitled to the privilege of realizing something
out of this patent during an extension of seven
years, if she can obtain anything from it. It
seems that this inventor, Mr. Trapp, was one
of those men who spend their whole lives in
getting up and perfecting inventions without
making any money from them. This inven-
tion appeared to be the hobby of his life.
Although, it is true that the patent has run for
twenty-one years, it is not true that he ever
enjoyed the full benefit of it for any such period
of time. The invention was notfully perfected
until near the close of the first term of the
patent, and the reissue by which .he finally
secured the full benefit of his invention did
not take place until within two or three years
of the end of its term.
This patent was for an improvement in the
making of barrel staves, by which they are
bent and fitted by the same operation so as to
make a tight barrel. It is iu evidence that
the public has actually saved thirty per cent,
in the cost of barrels by this improvement.
Still the machine is a very expensive one.
The evidence shows that a single machine
could not be built for less than $1,000, and
Mr. Trapp, during his life, never had the
money to build those machines so as to realize
much from them.
No opposition was made before us at all to
this extension, and those who are using these
machines are perfectly satisfied that it shall
be extended, as their rights are fully protected,
as gentlemen will observe by referring to this
bill. With the exception of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Du Bose,] who I think
will not make any strenuous opposition to this
bill, the Committee on Patents unanimously
thought that this lady, left in destitute circum-
stances as she was, in connection with all the
other circumstances of the case, ought to have
the benefit of a further extension of this patent.
The fact that this has been of great benefit to
the public, and the further fact that so little
was realized from the invention of his patent,
render it proper this patent should be extended
for the brief period of seven years, as in the
judgment of the committee the inventor never
received an adequate remuneration for his
time and expenses.
I desire to dispose of this bill to-day, and
therefore I trust no one will insist upon any
other business at the close of the morning
hour. I will now yield to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. DuBose,] as I agreed to do.
Mr. DU BOSE. As I am the only member
of the Committee on Patents who opposes this
bill, I think it proper that I should state my
reasons for that opposition. It appears from
the evidence submitted to the committee that
this patent was granted iu 1845, and after some
reissues it was again surrendered and reissued
for an additional seven years. Trapp and his
widow enjoyed thispatentfortwenty-oneyears.
It has now lapsed for five years and a half—a
little more than that time; and now, at the
expiration of twenty-six years and a half, she
comes to Congress and asks that the patent be
extended, not from the date of its expiration,
