1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
Laios of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
five hundred dollar*; and for one store and one
time clerk, sit one thousand two hundred dol-
lars each ; in all, three thousand nine hundred
dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Norfolk, Virginia.
For cleik in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for store clerk, one
thousaud one hundred andtweniy five dollars;
and for time clerk, nine hundred dollars ; in
all, three thousaud four huudred and twenty-
five dollars.
Al the Navy-Yard, Pensacola, Florida.
For equipment office clerk, one thousand
three hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Mare Island, California.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousaud
eight hundred and seventy five dollars; for
store clerk, one thousand two hundred dollars;
in all, thiee thousand and seventy-live dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau
of Equipment and Recruiting, namely :
For freight and transportation of stores,
transportation of enlisted men, mileage to
honorably discharged men, printing, advertis-
ing, telegraphing, stationery, apprehension of
deserters, and assistance to vesoels in distress,
one hundred and twenty five thousand dollars.
BUREAU OF YARDS AND DOCKS.
For Civil Establishment at the Navy-Yard,
Kittery, Maine.
For draughtsman and cleik to civil engineer,
atone thousand tour hundred dollars each;
!or clerk of pa)-rolls and musteiing clerk, one
thousand five hundred dollars; for receiver
and inspector of stores, one thousand five hun-
died dollars; for writer to receiver and in-
spector ot stores, one thousand dollars ; for
chief accountant, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; for gate-keeper and "detective, one
thousand dollars; and for messenger al com-
mandant's offk-e, six hundred dollars; making,
in all, ten thousaud two hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Charlestown, Massachu-
setts.
For assistant to civil engineer, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at one thousand four
hundred dollars each ; tor clerk ot pay-Tolls
and mustering clerk, one thousand live hun-
died dollars; for receiver and inspector of
stores, one thousand live hundred dollars ; for
writer to receiver and inspector of stores, one
thousaud dollars; for writer to commandant,
one thousand dollars; for chief accountant,
one thousand eight hundred dollars : for gate-
keeper and detective, one thousand dollars ;
and for messenger for commandant's office,
six hundred dollars; in all, twelve thousand
seven hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Brooklyn, New York.
For assistant to civil engineer, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for draughtsman atid
clerk to civil engineer, at one thousand tour
hundred dollars each ; for receiver and in-
spector of stores, one thousand five hundred
dollars; for clerk of pay-rolls and mustering
clerk, one thousand five hundred dollars; lor
writer to commandant, one thousand dollars;
for chief accountant, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars ; lor gate-keeper and detective,
one thousand dollars; for mail-carrier, time
hundred dollars ; and for messenger for com-
mandant's office, six hundred dollars; in all,
twelve thousand six huudred dollars.
At the Nacy-Yai d, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania.
For draughtsman and clerk tochil engineer,
one thousand four hundred dollars each; lor
cleik of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, one
thousaud live Uuudred dollars; lor receiver
and inspector of stores, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for chief accountant,, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; forgate keeperand
detective, one thousand dollars: and for mes-
senger for the commandant's office, six hun-
dred dollars; in all, nine thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Washington, District of
Columbia.
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand lour hundred dollars each;
for receiver and inspector of stores, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; for clerk of pay-
rolls and mustering clerk, one thousand five
hundred dollars; for chief accountant, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; for gate-
keeper and detective, one thousand dollars ;
for mail messenger, one thousand dollars; and
for messenger for commandant's office, six
hundred dollars; in all, ten thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Norfolk, Virginia.
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ; for
receiver and inspector of stores, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for clerk of pay-rolls
and mustering clerk, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for gate-keeper and detective,
one thousand dollars ; and for messenger for
commandant's office, six hundred dollars; in
all, seven thousand four hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Pensacola. Florida.
For superintendent of yard improvements,
two thousand dollars; for receiver and in-
spector of stores, one thousaud five hundred
dollars; for gate-keeper and detective, one
thousand dollars; for messenger for the office
of the commandant, six hundred dollars; in
all, five thousaud one hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Mare Island, California.
For assistant to civil engineer and draughts-
man, one thousand eight hundred dollars; for
clerk to civil engineer, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for receiver and inspector of
stores, one thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars ; for clerk of pay rolls and
mustering clerk, one thousand eight hundred
and seventy-five dollars; for chief accountant,
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five
dollars; for gate-keeper and detective, one
thousand dollars ; and for messenger for com-
mandant's office, seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; in all, ten thousand six hundred and
seventy-five dollars.
At the Naval Station. League Island, Penn-
sylvania.
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each;
clerk of pay rolls and mustering clerk, one
thousand five hundred dollars; receiver and
inspector of stores, one thousand five hundred
dollars ; in all, five thousand eight hundred
dollars.
At the Naval Asylum.
For steward, four hundred aud eighty dol-
lars ; for matron, three hundred dollars; for
cook, one hundred and sixty-eight dollars;
assistant cook, one hundred and twenty dol-
lars ; four laundresses, at one hundred and
eight dollars each; eight scrubbers and house-
cleaners, at ninety-six dollars each ; six labor-
ers at two hundred and forty dollars each, and
one laborer, at two hundred and sixty-four
dollars; master at-arms, four hundred and
eighty dollars ; for ship's corporal, three bun-
died dollars ; for barber, three hundred and
sixty dollars; supeiintepdent, five hutidred
and forty dollars ; in ail, five thousand six hun-
dred and fifty two dollars.
For the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia.
For support of the institution, sixty-five
thousaud one huudred dollars; which sum
shall be paid out of the income from the naval
pension fund.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, viz:
For freight and transportation of materials
and stores; printing, stationery, and adver-
tising, including the commandant's office;
books, models, maps, and drawings; pur-
chase and repair of fire-engines ; machinery
aud patent-rights to use the same ; repairs on
steam-engines and attendance on the same;
purchase and maintenance of oxen and horses,
and driving teams, carts, and timber wheels
for navy-yard purposes, and tools and repairs
of same; postage on letters on public service,
and telegrams ; furniture for Government
houses and offices in the navy-yards; coal
and other fuel; candles, oil, and gas; cleaning
and clearing up yard, and care of buildings ;
attendance on fires; lights; lire-engines and
apparatus ; incidental labor at navy yards ;
water-tax, and for toll and ferriages; pay of
the watchmen in the navy-yards; and for flags,
awnings, and packing-boxes, nine hundred
thousand dollars.
BUREAU OF MEDICINE AXD SURGERY.
For support of the medical department for
surgeons' necessaries for vessels in commis-
sion, navy-yards, naval stations, Marine corps,
and coast survey, forty thousand dollars.
For necessary repairs of naval laboratory,
hospitals, and appendages, including roads,
wharves, outhouses, steam-heating apparatus,
sidewalks, fences, gardens, and farms, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For pay of the civil establishment under
this bureau :
At the hospital at Chelsea, Massachusetts,
seven thousand seven hundred and eighty-two
dollars.
At the hospital, New York, eleven thousand
three hundred and thirty-six dollars.
At the hospital, Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, six thousand nine hundred and ninety
dollars.
At the hospital, Washington, District of
Columbia, five thousand five huudred and
sixty-eight dollars.
At the hospital, Annapolis, Maryland, four
thousand five hundred and twelve dollars.
At the hospital, Norfolk, Virginia, five
thousand four hundred and six dollars.
At the hospital, Pensacola, Florida, five
thousand and ninety-four dollars.
At the hospital, Mare Island, California,
eight thousand eight hundred and seventy-
two dollars.
At the naval laboratory, New York, six
thousand four hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Kittery, Maine, one
thousand two hundred and ninety dollars.
At the navy-yard', Charlestown, Massachu-
setts, one thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars.
At the navy-yard, New York, one thousand
four huudred and eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, one thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars. _
At the navy yard, Vi ashington, District of
Columbia, one thousand four hundred and
eighty dollars.
At the navy vard. Norfolk, Virginia, one
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, Annapolis, Maryland,
one thousaud two hundred and forty-two
dollars.
At the navat station. Mound City, Illinois,
one thousand tour hundred andeiglny dollars.
For contingent expenses of the bureau,
freight on medical stores, transportation of
insane patients to the Government hospital,
advertising,, telegraphing, purchase of books,
expenses attending the naval medical board
of examiners, purchase and repair of wagons,
