1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3475
you -want fifteen
It
Mr. COLE. I think we cau finish this
matter iu fifteen minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a conference
report.
Mr. CAMERON. And
minutes?
Mr. POMEROY. That is all.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
twenty minutes after twelve.
Mr. SCOTT. When the morning hour ex-
pired, being entitled to the floor on the unfin-
ished business, I only refrained from making
objection to the consideration of the report on
the deficiency bill for the purpose of permit-
ting the Senator from Mississippi to finish his
unfinished remarks in consequence of his stat-
ing that he had refrained from making them
before in the hope of getting a vote, intending,
in the exercise of my right to the floor, if the
vote could not be had on the deficiency bill at
the conclusion of his remarks, to call up the
unfinished business, and I did not intend to
yield that to anything but the order of the
Senate previously made to permit my colleague
to test the sense of the Senate upon whether
they would lay the unfinished business on the
table for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the business which he has in
charge. Having said that much, I merely
wish to add that it will only be in obedience
to the vote of the Senate that I shall yield the
unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania therefore objects to the
extension of time.
Mr. CAMERON. I make the motion, then,
that the bill in charge of my colleague be laid
aside for the purpose of taking up House bill
No. 2187.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No.
656 is now before the Senate, and the Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that it be laid on
the table for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Pennsylvania, to
make a statement to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable; but the Sen-
ator from New Jersey asks consent to make a
statement to the Senate. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayaiid] is on the ICu Klux Com-
mittee—I use the word for brevity; it is the
common language I believe—and he and the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] are the
only two Democratic Senators who were on
the committee. They separated in their du-
ties, the Senator from Delaware,^ I think,
going to Georgia and to Florida. There are,
1 think, about eight thousand pages of printed
testimony taken by that committee. I have a
telegram this morning from the Senator from
Delaware saying that he will be here on Mon-
day next, and that he wishes to speak on this
Ku Klux bill.
Under these circumstances, considering the
great importance of the matter, and as he is
the only gentleman on one side who knows
anything about a great part of the case, I do
not think the chairman of that committee who
has charge of the bill ought to push the bill
until he returns. «
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senator from New
Jersey has appealed to me, I will only state
that 1 have every disposition to accommodate
my colleague upon the committee, the Senator
from Delaware ; and were it possible for me
to control the legislation of the session, which
is now nearly approaching its end, I should be
glad to accommodate him ; but the statement
is made that he does not expect to return
before Monday. I hope that before that time
we shall be able to finish the consideration of
the bill. I should be glad to yield to him, and
no doubt the Senate would yield to him at
any time for the discussion of this question.
But as the chairman of tie committee, with
the rapidly approaching end of the session, I
would not feel at liberty to defer the consider-
ation of this bill until that time. The question
of whether it_ is to be deferred to-day, as I
have stated, is one to which I am compelled
to submit by the order of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish, if there is no
objection, to say a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may
be allowed to state in connection with this
matter that to-morrow has been assigned by
unanimous consent for the bills of three com-
mittees : the day session for the Committees on
Indian Affairs and Public Lands, and the even-
ing session for the Committee on Post Offices
aud Post Roads, subject, of course, to the
unfinished business, and the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. West] has given notice that
on Friday at twelve o'clock he will ask for the
consideration of the Ariny appropriation bill
on behalf of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
any of the time of the Senate, but having had
something to do with this measure at the last,
session of Congress when it came from the
Judiciary Committee, and having known then
something of its importance to the country as
it turned out, I feel more than usual interest
in it. This bill to continue in force one of the
most effective and useful sections of the pres-
ent law until the next session of Congress has
been reported for many weeks, I do not know
but months, certainly many weeks. It is a
bill that, we ought to have passed or to have
defeated; it ought to have been brought to a
solution long ago. Now, it comes up to-day
in the regular way, and ought to be proceeded
with ; aud I hope that no temporary conven-
ience of my friend from Pennsylvania,no inter-
est of a railway corporation, aud no other con-
sideration, will induce us to leave hold of this
bill until it is disposed of now by a continuous
sitting upon it, unless it may be necessary to
adjourn over until to morrow. Let us, at any
rate, dispose of it by continuous consideration ;
I do not say to-day, for that I shall, of course,
leave to the honorable Senator who has charge
of it; but I think that nothing ought to stand
in the way of discussing and considering this
bill and voting upon it in one way or the other,
because we have reason to suppose that if it
should pass aud go to the other House, it will
take considerable time to consider it there;
and therefore I regard it as of the highest im-
portance and propriety that we should stand
by it at this time wilhout any interference, and
for that reason I have called for the yeas and
nays on this motion to displace it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to lay this bill on the table for the purpose of
considering the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware desires consent to make a
statement. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I feel disposed to pay
some deference to the wishes of my colleague.
He is absent, from the necessity of the case.
We all know that at present he is laboring
under an affliction which causes him great
concern, as it does many of the rest ot us.
He would be glad to be here to-day, but he is
not able to be present. I think, having been
a member of that committee, it is due to him
and due to the country that he should be heard
when this bill is acted upon, and I therefore
think that courtesy is due to my colleague that
he should be permitted to be here to partici-
pate in the discussion of this bill before it
comes to a final vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ordering the yeas and nays on the motion
to lay on the table the pending bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 89, nays 17: as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aloorn. Iilair, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton,
Cooper, Cfagm, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Gilbert, GoldtbWalte, Hamilton of Maryland
Harlan, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Nye, Pool, Ransom, Rioo. Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Schnr!!, Sherman,Spencer, Knrague,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thuruian, and Trum-
bull—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bororoan, Buckingham,
Corbett, Edmunds, Frelinghuyson. Hamilton of
lexas, Kellogg, Logan, "Morrill of Maine, 1'om-
eroy, Pratt, Soott, Viokers, West, Windom, and
Wright—17.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cole, Conkting, Davis of Kentucky, Davis ot West
Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Hamlin, Hitchcock,
Morrill of Vermont, Cshoro, Patterson, Itamsey,
bawyor, Sumnor, Tipton, and Wilson—18.
So the motion to lay ou the table was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, Now I move to take up
the railroad bill.
Mr. COLE. I rise to appeal to the Senator
to allow a vote to be taken on the conference
committee report upon the deficiency appro-
priation bill. The Senator from Ohio on ray
left [Mr. suermaif] very kindly proposes to
decline making any speech on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN, On the condition that
no one pise does.
Mr. POMEROY. I think wo ought to finish
the appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The most that I desire
would be five minutes to state the reasons why
I am opposed to the report.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an urgency about
the deficiency bill that does not exist about
the railroad or anything else. Let us finish
it. Besides, reports of committees of confer-
ence are a sort of privileged question here.
Mr. CAMERON. When the Senator from
California said to me that no speech would be
made and that he wished only to take the vote,
I was inclined to say yes, that I would give
way ; but my experience here is that when one
speech is made another will be made, and then
that will bring oil another. Now wo have got
this bill right before the Senate, and I prefer
to go on with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
yet taken up. The Chair entertained the mo-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania to take
up the bill which is now pending, but it is
subject to a majority of the Senate whether
they will lake up this bill. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 will say
that I think we ought to take up this bill.
Surely the business of the nation cannot be
of much importance as compared with this
railroad bill, and I therefore hope there will
be no struggle against taking it up. Why, this
is the bill of the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road, owned ill good share by the celebrated
Mr. Scott, who was recently about i  brought
forward as a candidate for the Presidency at
Cincinnati by a distinguished eiiizen of the
State of my friend from Pennsylvania. Now,
I hope in view of such considerations we shall
not hesitate, to throw aside any business that
may belong to the natiou and lake up a meas-
ure of this kind 1
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, will it be in order to move to take up
the deficiency bill if this should be voted
down?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I want to
see whether Senators here are prepared to
take up a local, private bill in preference to
the deficiency bill, which concerns the country
and every man in it; and therefore upon
that question I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I will not
allow myself to lose my good temper to day,
[laughter,] not even alter the very sharp sar-
casm of my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] I could if it were the proper time say
