1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. STRONG. There is a report accom-
panying the bill. The case was reported upon
by the Committee ot' Claims iu the last Con-
gress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the report be
read.
The report was read. It states that on the
night ot November 17, 1868, the post office at
Thoraaston wag entered by burglars, and post-
age stamps, for which he was responsible to the
Treasury, to the amount of $300, were stolen
and carried away without fault or negligence
on his part. The committee states that satis-
factory evidence warrants the conclusion that
it is but just and reasonable the claimant
should be relieved.
Air. STRONG-. I desire to state that this
ease comes from the dit4rict of my colleague
on the other tide of the House, [Mr. Baunum,]
who is acquainted with the parties, and can
certify to the lact, if any gentleman doubts the
accuracy of the report. There can be no ques-
tion as to the justice of the claim.
Mr. HOAR. 1 hope the gentleman from
Connecticut will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. STRONG. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I desire, before the expiration
of the morning hour, to withdraw the objection
which I mijde to the bill reported this morning
fiom the Committee of Claims by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. STRONG. I hope the bill I have
reported will now be dispos* d of.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
aceoidmgly lead the tliird time, and passed.
Mr. Si RONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william nixon.
Mr. STRONG. On behalf of the Com-
mittee ot'Claims, I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table a bill (S. No.
618) for the relief of William Nixon, of West
Virginia, in order that it may be put upon its
passage.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I make no objection to the bill being taken
up if it is referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Connecticut asks that the bill be
taken from the Speaker's table for the pur-
pose of putting it upou its passage.
Mr. HOAR. To that 1 object.
Sir. STRONG. Very well; let the bill
remain where it is.
adverse reports.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted adverse reports in the fol-
lowing cases ; and they were laid upou the
table:
The petition of E. B. Tuttle; and
The petition of Albert G. Brown, late super-
vising special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
james 0. p. bdrxside.
. Mr. HOAR. I now withdraw my objection
to the bill reported by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Smitu ]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts having withdrawn
his objection to the consideration of the biil
reported by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Smith.] is these objection to the Com
miitee ot' the Whole House on the Piivate
Calendar being discharged from the timher
consideration of that bill, and the bill being
put on its passage at the present time?
Mr. SLOSS. I object.
william vails.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1275)
lot the relief William Vails, late a private
in company C, third regiment Indiana vol-
unteer cavalry, with a recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to grant a certificate of honorable
discharge from the Army of the United States
to William Vails, late a private in company
C, third regiment Indiana volunteer cavalry,
to date the loth day of June, 1865, without
loss of pay or emoluments.
Mr. HOLMAN. The report in this case is
voluminous, and I move that it be printed.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. COBURN, I hope the gentleman will
state in brief what are the facts in the case.
Mr. HOL.MAN, My colleague asks me to
state the facts in this case, and I will do so.
They are as follows: William Vails was a pri-
vate soldier who served upon the Potomac
during the war. He enlisted in 1861, and
afterward, in 1864, reenlisted as a veteran,
and served until the close of the war. While
his regiment was going home for the purpose,
of being discharged, and when it had reached
the city of Cincinnati on its way to Louisville,
where it was tobe discharged, and while lying
at Cincinnati, as is alleged in the testimony,
he heaid that his wife anil son were both lying
sick at Rising Sun, twenty-five miles below
Cincinnati. He told the captain he was going
to see his wife, and that he would be at Louis-
ville the next morning by the mail-boat, in
order to be present at the inustcrmg-out of
his regiment. It does not appear, however,
that the captain gave consent to his going to
see his wife. The testimony shows, however,
that he notified the captain that he was going
to see his sick wife. He went to Rising Sun,
twenty-live miles below Cincinnati, and, as is
alleged, found his wile sick, and was taken
sick himself, so that he was unable to join his
regiment the next day. The regiment, instead
of being discharged at Louisville, went to Indi-
anapolis to be discharged, and he was reported
upon the rolls as not present and absent with-
out leave. The committee put the bill upon
this ground: here was a soldier who had
served faithfully during the whole war. The
testimony of the captain fully proves that.
While the regiment was returning home to be
mustered out he left for the purpose of visit-
ing his sick wife at Rising Sun, ti.eaty-live
miles below Cincinnati, and which was on his
way to Louisville, where the regiment was to
be discharged. We think, under all the cir-
cumstances, he should be relieved from the
charge of desertion. I call for the pievious
question.
Mr. SrOCJGIITON. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me tor a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 desire to make one
statement. There is a glaring inconsistency
in the bill. It proposes that the Secretary
of War shall issue an honorable discharge.
That cannot be done. All that can be done
according to the rules and practice of the
War Department is to remove the charge of
desertion, and the bill ought to be drawn up
in that way.
Mr. HOLMAN. I look upon the mere form
as unimportant, and should be willing to mod-
ify the bill so as to provide that the xVdju-
tant General be directed to remove the charge
of desertion. 1 presume, however, that my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Stoughtox] will
regard this as a mere formality. The sub-
stance of the thing is that the man should
be relieved from the charge of desertion, and
that we provide for. As the time of the
committee is limited, I hope the gentleman
will allow the bill to pass in its present form.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. So far as I am personally
concerned I should be happy to yield to the
gentleman, but I must decline to yield, because
I am consuming the time of other members of
the committee. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered tobe engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also.moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
horace b. siikpard.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, wuh the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 837) tor
the relief of Horace B. Shepard, of Indiana.
The bill was read. It provides that there
shall be refunded and paid to Horace B.
Shepard, late collector of internal revenue
for the first collection district of Indiana, the
sum of $1,006 75 for beer-stamps, amounting
to that sum, intrusted to him for sale while
acting as such collector, and destroyed by fire
by the burning of his office on the 29th day
of March, m the year 1857, and which were
charged to and have been accounted for by
him m the final settlement of his accounts
with the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a report in this,
case, prepared by the present Governor of
Massachusetts, Mr. Washburn.
Mr. HOAR. 1 raise the point of order on
this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOAR. It is that this is an appropria-
tion of money. The Chair will allow me to
call his attention to the difference between
this and the other case on which the Chair
ruled a short time ago. The other case was
for a settlement of accounts. In tins case the
account is already settled, and this is simply
an order to pay the amount from the Treasury.
1 submit, therefore, that the bill should have its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill, I believe, makes
an appropriation.
Mr. N1BLACK. I introduced the bill, and
it was not intended that it should operate as an
appropriation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts insist on his
point of order ?
Mr. HOAR. I do.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point ot' order, and the bill will
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
e. w. whitaker.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, repotted a bill (H. R. No. 19-15) for
the relief of E. W. Whitaker, of Hartford,
Connecticut; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read. It directs the Postmas-
ter General to pay to E. W. Whitaker, late
postmaster at Hartford, Connecticut, the sum
of $651 96 out of the sum of $1,000 deposited
on the 5th day of January, 1871, with the
United States Assistant Treasurer at New
York, by the clerk of the district court of the
United States for the district of Connecticut,
on account of the Post Office Department,
being amount of the penalty of bond forfeited
in said court to the United States; the said
sum of $051 9G having been post office tunds
taken from said postmaster, without default
on his part, and accounted for and paid by
him to the Post Office Department.
Mr. HOAR. I raise the point of order on
this hill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will please state his point of order..
Mr. II OAR. Tiie point of oiuw is ilmt
