2580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
age for my district. It has been controlled,
generally speaking, by Senators from my State
while they were in accord with the Admin-
istration. Since that time it has been turned
over to other men in the State who are in
accord with the Administration.
Bat I wish, Mr. Speaker, to call attention to
the evil of which I have just spoken. The cor-
rapt politicians submit to the candidate for Con-
gress this " slate." He must accept the prop-
osition they submit or suffer defeat, although
knowing that he could name fifty men in his
district for every one of those offices, who are
more pure and capable of filling them faithfully
and efficiently than the persons whose names
are submitted to him. The result is, however,
that he must accept this proposition or him-
self suffer defeat. He therefore agrees with
those men that for and in consideration of their
services to aid him, he will go before the Presi-
dent and urge their appointment to office.
He therefore has his hands tied by men in
his own district in whom he has no confidence,
and who do not deserve confidence. He
comes to the President of the United States
and asks him as a favor to himself to ap-
point these friends of his to office. The
President agrees to the proposition to grant
these gentlemen his favor, in doing which he
obtains control over the Representative; and
that man, in consideration of the favors he
stowed upon him by the Executive, does not
feel himself at liberty to resist any measures
which the Executive inay wish to inaugurate.
It is in that way, sir, that the independence
of the Representatives of the people in the
Congress of the United States has been im-
paired.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLARD. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman trom New York, [Mr. li. H.
llOBJEllTS.]
Mr. J3. H. ROBERTS. The tendency of
the advocates of a particular policy is to exag-
gerate its necessity. It is not strange that
those who make a specialty of civil service
reform have done so. Our civil service is not
perfect, but it will compare favorably with that
Of other lands. All civilized nations have their
representatives here, rooi edited to our Gov-
ernment. Compare with them those whom we
have sent abroad. We need not be ashamed
of Schenek and Bancroft, of Washburne and
Jay, of Marsh and Francis, of De Long and
Boker. These are at least, the peers of the
chosen diplomats of other nations. Results
show no infeiiority in other departments. We
collect internal revenue, notwithstanding onr
extent of territory, at an average expense less
than does Britain; and our customs are col-
lected at three and eleven hundredths per
cent., while Britain pays four and seven tenths
per cent., an excess of more than one third.
Waive, then, all exaggerations. Reform is
desirable, unless the millennium has come in
the civil service alone of all the world.
The chief indictment against the civil ser-
vice has just been stated by the gentleman
from Missouri, Mr. [MoCokmiok.] It is that
membets of Congress treat political patronage
as a personal appanage ; that they trade the
offices for renoimnalion ; that they use them
as rounds upon which to climb. Gentlemen
upon this floor are indicted parties. The fault
is laid at their door. Must not aveidict, of
guilty be rendered in many eases? Is not the
tendency to crystallize the evil into a system?
The bill pending proposes a remedy. Some-
times now a Representative uses his influence
over offices as a trust to be exercised not for
self, nor even for party, but for the country.
His local knowledge, his judgment of men,
and familiar! tywith specific circumstances may
be made useful. Under this bill all this may-
be done. In contested cases the Representa-
tive will always be the umpire. He will cease
to be a beggar for place, the errand-man and
advocate of candidates. He will be a judge,
and he should be nothing else under any cir-
cumstances.
Responsibility centers upon Congress. The
commission has achieved something. It repre-
sents the best intellects and the highest aspira-
tions of the country. It has aroused activity
of thought on the evils and the remedy.
Gentlemen call the plan a failure, the rules
a mistake. It is never a mistake to try to do
well. Preliminary failures are often the cor-
ner-stones of final success. The plan was
never stronger than it is at this very hour.
The President compels the respect of adver-
saries by placing limitations upon his own
power. Incredulous friends wrong him by
questioning his good faith or charging that
he is the victim of a trick. His acts prove
earnest and intelligent purpose. Plain people
honor him for the persistent effort for reform.
He is wedded to no plan ; he has asked Con-
gress to perfect proper legislation. He presses
forward faithfully an important experiment.
What will Congress do ? Ought certain offi
cials, now appointed, to be elected? Inaugu-
rate legislation to that end. Ought wounded
soldiers to be preferred for duties for which
they are fitted? Give us the draft of a bill.
Details of administration in various depart-
ments may be improved. Those who oppose
the methods on trial are bound to suggest
other means to achieve the result.
This House must do more than carp at the
plan of the commission. It. must dec hire that
legislation has a higher meaning than begging
or seizing spoils for personal retainers, i'his
bill does not confirm the published rules ; they
may be modified. It does divorce members
from patronage, and excuse them from being
clients in the Departments and attendants in
the waiting-room of the Executive. Will we
refuse to do that? Let us stand aloof from
the spoils, and a system can be devised by
which an aristocracy of officials can be avoided,
the Government always be administered by iis
friends, and republican institutions be relieved
from the strain and the disgrace of a perpetual
strife for the " loaves and fishes'' of office.
Mr. Speaker, the object deserves effort.
Only one system is proposed, the rules of the
commission and the pending bill in harmony
with them. Opposition to the only plan pro-
posed is opposition to the purpose itself. Let
it have a fair trial. I do not see the dangers
which the eloquent gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] portrays. The strength of the
Republican party is not in offices, but out of
them. It combatted all the "bread and but-
ter'' dispensed by Andrew Johnson. Its might
is not, in spoils or patronage, but in its moral
convictions, in its principles, in daring to do
right. It abolished slavery; it can destroy the
bondage of patronage.
The distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] represents civil service re-
form as a trick of the opponents of the Repub-
lican party. Minorities always seek to gain
power by adopting a popular rallying cry by
advocacy of reform. We may learn wisdom
from our enemies. The strength of the Admin-
istration with the people is that amid obloquy
it strives for reform, and tries to respond to
their worthiest aspirations. The Republican
party is best served by trampling on spoils, by
winning power and using power in supreme
devotion to the highest interests of the peo-
ple.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sow, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 473) to further the adminis-
tration of justice ;
A bill (S. No. 978) to fund certain liabil-
ities of the city of Washington, existing June
1, 1872, and to limit the debt of, and taxation
in, the District, of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 385) to regulate the admis-
sion of pupils into the Columbian Institution
for rhe Deaf and Dumb ;
A bill (S. No. 364) relating to the Reform
School of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 298) directing the conveyance
of a certain lot, of ground with improvements
thereon for the use of the public schools of
the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 994) to further define the
duties of the Board of Health of the District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 073) to establish a municipal
court in the District of Columbia, and tor other
purposes;
A bi>l(S. No. 299) amending an act entitled
" An act directing the conveyance of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of the
city of Washington
A bill (S. No. 988) to provide homes for the
Pottawatomie and absentee Shawnee Indians
in the Indian territory;
A bill (S. No. 954) granting a pension to
William Hutchison, minor son of Joseph
Hutchison, deceased;
A bi'l (S. No. 856) granting a pension to
Eliza Whitney; and
A bill (S. No. 989) granting a pension to
John Carbaugh, a pnvate of company A, forty-
Sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers.
The message further announced that the
Senate had parsed bills of the House of the
following titles, with amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (H. R. No. 203G) for the relief of
James A. Bell;
A biil (II. R. No. 100) for the relief of pur-
chasers of lands sold for direct taxes iu the
insurrectionary States;
A bill (H. R. No. 19-1G) granting a pension
to Eliz.ibelh llarding; and
A bMl (II. R. No. 1552) in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia.
ADMINISTRATION OP JUSTICE
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the bill (S. No. 473) to further the adminis-
tration of justice be taken up now and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object.
civil skuvick.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill(H. R. No. 787) to preserve the independ-
ence of the several departments of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. "WILLARD. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Fixkulxbuug] for five
minutes.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Whatever may be
the fate of this bill, I will not let this oppor-
tunity pass by without expressing my sympathy
with the object of the measure. Much has
been said in rhe course of this debate as to the
effect that this bill would have on the civil service
reform, to all of which I agree. But, I would
add a word as to the salutary effects which I
expect the acceptance of this measurse to have
upon Congress, because the bill, in ray opinion,
is one which will carry reform in two direc-
tions, and I do not know but what the effect
upon Congress will be the more important of
the two.
I do not know how other members may feel
about this thing ordinarily called congressional
patronage; but I may say as to myself that
what little patronage has ever fallen into my
unwilling hands has been little more than a
source of annoyance, chagrin, and trouble to
me, and I have no doubt that by it I have
made ten enemies to one friend. But leaving
aside personal inclinations or disinclinations,
I believe that this whole system of patronage
and appointment to office has a demoralizing
effect upon Congress, a demoralizing effect
