4372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 7,
if successful again, if kept in power, it will
treat with disdain the rights of the people
under the Constitution; for it says the past
history of the party is the pledge of its future
action.
' Again, "no person shall be held to answer
for a capital or otherwise infamous crime
unless on a presentment or indictment of a
grand juryand yet you have arrested men,
you have tried them by drum-head court-mar-
tial without any presentment of a grand jury,
without the intervention of a petit jury, and
you have deprived them of life, liberty, and
property. And, sirs, your attacks were not
confined to males alone, but you have arrested,
without warrant, unoffending women ; you
have tried in the capital of your country by
court-martial and sent into eternity a woman
that by the judgment of the country was an
innocent woman. And this party, with such a
record, refers to its history as the pledge of its
future action.
I have already said that the Republican party
have deprived men, and women too, of life,
liberty, and property without due process of
law. And I say that you have violated that
further provision ; "nor shall private prop-
erty be taken for public use without just com-
pensation." Why, sir, many men have been
deprived of their properly taken for public
use, and after being reduced to abject want,
after being despoiled of their goods, appeal-
ing to the Republican? party that lias done this
thing, have appealed in vain; and no longer
ago than this day, when a bill had passed the
Senate and had passed the other House giving
to one man who had been despoiled of his
property bjr military authority a meager com-
pensation for the property taken, the veto of
your President has come into this Hall and
declared that that bill should not be a law.
This is but one instance ; hundreds of men
who have been despoiled of their property
have not to this day been able to get any com-
pensation for it, while you have lavished your
benefactions on rich corporations and party
favorites.
The Constitution further provides:
"Article VI. In all oviminul prosecutions. the
acousod shall enjuy tho right to a jmoody and public
trial, by an impartial jury of tho Statu ami ilistriot
whuroin tho crmio shall have been committed,which
district shall havo boon previously ascei tained by
law, and to bo informed ol tho nature and cause of
tho accusation."
And yet how many men havo been charged
with crime and havo been denied the privileges
secured by this amendment. Sir, there ia not
a Republican Senator upon this floor who will
deny that that has been tho case, or undertake
to justify it, I presume, at this late day ; and
yet, with such a record, the Philadelphia con-
vention points to it as the pledge of what may
be exjpected of the party in the future.
I mightgo on and cite variousotherprovisions
of the Constitution which have been trampled
underfoot, but I do not deem it necessary. The
fact is, the history of the .Republican party is a
history of aggressions upon the rights and liber-
ties of the citizen, and of wrong and outrage
to the rights reserved in the Constitution to
the States. Why, sir, you deal with States
as if they had no rights. You attempt to set
up and to tear down constitutions and gov-
ernments at pleasure. After the war had term-
inated, the States that had been in rebellion
were anxious to come back into the Federal
Union, to reassume their relations to the E'ed-
eral Government. You had declared that the
war had not, been prosecuted for purposes of
subjugation, but that the rights of all should
be secured after the war should have been term-
inated ; and yet, in defiance of your own dec-
larations, of your own enactments-—and 1 refer
now to the resolution that passed both Houses
of Congress in July, 1861—you turned around,
after the people of the South had laid down
their arms and had manifested a willingness
to assume their proper relations to the Gov-
ernment—you turned around immediately and
drove them out of the Union by destroying
their constitutions and holding them as sub-
ject provinces, and never, until some of them
consented to put certain provisions in their
constitutions, did you let them assume their
relations or be represented upon the floor of
the Senate.
You reconstructed and rereconstructed at
pleasure, and why did you do so ? Every
person knows that if you had had the political
power in those States there would have been
no rereconstruetion of Georgia or of any
other State. It was simply to reconstruct the
people of those States to vote the Republican
ticket. That is the judgment which men will
put upon it in the future. That is the judg-
ment which history will write upon the doings
of this Republican party in reference to the
whole acts of reconstruction from beginning
to end. And now you propose to invade the
rights of States. Through all the history of
the Government the people were left to determ-
ine certain questions for themselves. It is
their right reserved plainly in the Constitution
to the people and to the States. And yet you
have been invading those rights first in one
way and then in another, until, reaching the
very acme of criminality, you propose to as-
sume the management of churches, of schools,
of cemeteries, and to control the whole police
powers of the States.
During the war the despotism was centered
in a single hand, and then the people became
alarmed. The Executive of the country was
clothed with absolute power. His nod was as
potentalmostasthenod of Jove. When Antfrew
Johnson became Presidentofthe United States,
and when, in the spirit of patriotism, he pro-
claimed that the Constitution which had been
rolled up for four years must, be taken down
and read, then the cry was raised against him
because he dared to point the people to the
Constitution under which they lived. I was
not a political follower of Andrew Johnson.
I took iiim one veto at a time. He was elected
by the Republicans. I had no lot nor share
in him except as he stood as the defender of
the liberties of the country ; and 1 would vin-
dicate the action of any man, even of President
Grant, if he would now turn against his own
record and the record of his party aud stand
by the Constitution of the country.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If the
Senator will yield to me, I will make a motion
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator yield to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. SAULSBURY.- Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maryland moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us have the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayakd.] In consequence of a serious afflic-
tion he has in one of his eyes he cannot remain
in the Senate Chamber at night, and I have
paired with him. If here, he would vote
"yea" on this motion, and I should vote
" nay."
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am paired with the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrii,i„] He
would vote "nay," and t should vote ''yea."
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Iam paired
with the Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Hitch-
cock] on all questions connected with this
bill
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Cooper, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Norwood,Ransom, Sauls-
buiy, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, and
Vickers—13.
HAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, IMmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan.
Freiinghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont.
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, and Wil-
son—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham. Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Bavis of West Virginia, Fenton, i'orry of
Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, H.imlin, Ilarlan, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Oshorn, Patterson, Rice,
Robertson. Spencer, Sprague, Thurman, Iruinbull,
West, Wmdom, and Wright—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. _ Mr. President, when
I gave way lor the motion to adjourn, which I
hoped might prevail, I was saying that I was
not the especial defender of President Johnson.
I never voted to place him in the presidential
chair, nor did I ever defend him on the stump
or anywhere else as a partisan. While I have
done justice to him and given him credit for
being honest in certain measures of his admin-
istration, there were certain other acts of his
administration which I condemned as much as
any man. But, sir, when Andrew Johnson
proclaimed that the Constitution had been
rolled up and must be taken down and read
again, then the voice of the entire Republican
party was turned against him, and from that
time he was a marked man, vengeance followed
him, aud culminated in the presentation of
articles of impeachment in the other House
and of his arraignment in the Senate. By the
judgmeut of his peers, of the jury which tried
him, he was falsely charged in the articles of
impeachment.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer,] in his very able
and eloquent speech the other day, proclaimed
in the hearing of the Senate that if Andrew
J ohnson had been guilty of half the acts which
tho present Executive has been guilty of he
would have been successfully impeached. That
is Republican authority ; that is the testimony
of men in your own party ; that is the testi-
mony of the apostle ot Republicanism on this
floor. Is that to be gainsaid ? Had the charge
been made by Democrats in the same language
used by the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts you would have said that it was the
inspiration of malignity, and was calumny
itself; but when it comes from the very chief
apostle among you, you must give respect to
it. It is the indictment, the arraignment, by
one of his own household, of the present
Executive.
I am not hero to accuse General Grant, but
simply to refer to the indictment that has been
preferred against him as the chief executive
officer of the country by the chief apostle of
his own faith, a man who claims, aud perhaps
justly claims, that he was at the very birth of
the Republican party, aud who I know until
recently lias been regarded as one of its chief
Supporters. He may have fallen under exec-
utive disfavor and not now be regarded as a
brother beloved. But I have observed that
upon every question which they now come forth
to champion with so much zeal Republican
Senators have learned in the school of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and have followed
in his wake.
But what 1 started out to say was that I was
not arraigning President Grant, but the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who has been the
leading apostle of the Republican party on
this floor, and who has had all the rest of the
members of the Republican party as his fol-
lowers, has risen iu his place and arraigned
the President of the United States before the
whole country. That Senator was but reiter-
ating charges which had been preferred time
and again by the Democratic party of this
country, and which were true in fact, yet while
they emanated from Democrats they had no
hearing in the Republican ranks; but now,
when the chief apostle of Republicanism
comes forth and makes the arraignment, I
apprehend there are Republican voices that
will respond and reecho the views whieti he
has expressed.
