1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
this is an appropriation of moneys from the
Treasury. A mere recital of how the moneys
are deposited does not make it any the less
an apptopriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this money is
not covered into the Treasury. To show what
are the facts, I ask that a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, which I send to the
desk, be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
„ Treasury Department.
Washington, D. c„ February 12,1872.
Sir! In reply to the letter of Henry H. Smith,
clerk Committeo ot Claims, House of Representa-
tives, requesting that you be informed whether or
not the penalty of the bond of $1,000ot Mr. B. P.
fjUthawny, referred to in the letter of the Post-
master General, which is herewirh respectfully re-
turned, has been paid or covered into the Treasury,
i have the honor to inform you that the amount of
$1,000 wasdeposited January 5,1871, with the United
St.ues Assistant Treasurer at New York city by
Loren Wald, clerk United States district court of
Connecticut, on account of the Po&t Office Depart--
ment, being bond of Philip B. Hathaway, forfeited,
(indicted lor embezzling money from postal money-
order department of the post office, Hartford, Con-
necticut,) and w«s reported by said Assistant Treas-
urer to the credit of the Treasurer for use of the
Post Office Department.
The Postmaster General, therefore, appears to be
mistaken when he says that his Department has
received no part of the proceeds of the bond referred
to. Having been credited in the account of the
Post Office Department, the amount is under the
control of the Postmaster General. If desired, it
can be withdrawn either by a counter entry, ap-
proved by the Postmaster General, or by a regular
Post Office Department warrant.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
UEO. S. BOUT WELL, Secretary.
Hon. Austin Blair, Chairman Committee of Claims,
Mouse of llepresentatives.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
insist on the point of order ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think that this
money was actually covered into the Treasury.
Mr. HOAR. I leave the question to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not consider that the money was covered
into the Treasury, and therefore rules that the
point of order has not been well taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. Tbcie is a report accom-
panying the bill, which I ask to have printed.
There was ao objection ; and it was so or-
dered.
The bili was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thomas p. spj5ncisii.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 am instructed by the
same committee to report back a bill appro-
priating the sum of $100 to a poor man whose
horse was taken and appropriated for Govern-
ment purposes, it is the bili (H. R. No. 1274)
for the reliefof Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOAll, I rise to a question of order.
That bill makes an appropriation, and must
have its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and the bili is
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
DANIEL C. BKIGGS.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, the
Committee of Claims was discharged from the
further eonsideratior of the petition of Daniel
C. Briggs, late second lieutenant in company
G, fourth cavalry regiment Pennsylvania vol-
unteers; and the same was referred to the
Commit!ee on Military Affaiis.
jsmsctiox contest xollris vs. 1undley.
Mr. McCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a report in the case of
Norris vs. Handiey, from the third district
of Alabama, accompanied by the following
resolution:
Retolved, That W. A. Handiey is entitled to re-
tain his seat in this House at) Representative from
the third district of Alabama.
Mr. McCRARY. I move thatthe report be
laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCRARY. I give notice that I will
call up the report for consideration one week
from to-day.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts^ by unanimous consent, the -bill (S. No.
702) in addition to an act entitled " An acJ to
amend an act entitled ' An act for the removal
of causes in certain cases from State courts,'
approved July 27, 18GG," approved March 2.
1809, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF BRAZOS DI5 SANTIAGO.
Mr SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce,
for consideration now, the bill (H. R. No. 131)
to change the boundaries of the collection dis-
trict of Brazos'de Santiago, in the State of
Texas.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that the cqpnties of Starr, Zapata, and
Webb, now forming part of the collection dis-
trict, of Corpus Christi, in the State of Texas,
shall be detached therefrom and annexed to
the collection district of Brazos de Santiago,
and forma part of said district in said State.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. Does
this bill come from a committee?
Mr. SHELDON. It has been unanimously
agreed to by the Committee on Commerce.
There was no objection, and the report was
received and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accoruingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LINKTON LAND DISTRICT, OREGON.
Mr. SLATER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
lite bill (fl. K. .No. 1G38) to create the Link-
ton laud district, in the State of Oregon.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that all that portion of the State of Oie-
gon lying south of the fourth standard parallel
south of the base line, between towush'ps
eighteen and nineteen south, and east of the
meridian line between ranges fire and six
in said State, shall constitute an additional
land district, to be called the Linkton dis-
trict; and the office in said district, shall be
located at Linkville, subject to be changed by
the President of the United States as the pub-
lic interests may require. The second sec-
tion authorizes the President to appoint, in
accordance with existing l-:ws authorizing ap-
pointments to office, a register and a receiver
for the district hereby created, who shall be
required to reside at the site of the office for
said district, have the same powers, respons-
ibilities and emoluments, and be subject to
the same acts and penalties which are or
may be prescribed by law in relation to other
land olficers of the United States for the State
of Oregon. The third section confirms all
sales and locations made at the offices of
the district in which the lands embraced in
this district have hitherto been included, sit-
_ Mr. HOLMAN. Does this bill grant the
right of way?
Mr. SLATER. No, sir; it creates a new
land district, and the bill has the approval of
the Committee on the Public Lands, as well
as of the Commissioner of the Public Lands.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KLiZABHTII IHUDIXG.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Harding; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Elizabeth Harding,
mother of Jasper II. Harding, late a private
in company A, seventy-sixth regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, to take effect from the 1st
day of January, 1870.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ST. CROfX AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The hour
of half past one having arrived, the House,
by order, will proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. CG5, to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to complete a road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands under
instructions of the House.
Mr. KEl'CHAM. I ask that the bill, with
the amendments reported by the Committee
on Public Lands, in pursuance of instructions
from the House, be now read.
The Clerk read the bill as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United State* of America in Congress
assembled, That in ease there shall be completed
within one year from the parage of this act ioity
mites of the road from the St. Croix river or lake to
Lake Superior, as authorized by aet of Congress
approved June 3, lSSG.aml act of Congress approved
May 5, 1804, and the Secretary of the Interior shall
be satisfied of such completion, the time for com-
pleting the construction of said road as authorised
by said acts shall be extended to the State of Wis-
consin five years from the passage of this act, and
all the grants, rights, and privileges contained m
said original acts shall be continued in lull force and
virtue lor said time of five year-*; and subject to the
condition that the lands granted by the acts hereby
extended, excepting only such as are necessary for
the company to which the benefits of this act may
inure, reserve for depots, station*, side-tracks, wood-
yards, standing-grounds, and other needful uses, in
operating tho road, and pine (and coal] land , shall
be sold to actual settlers only, and in quantities not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to any one
person, under such rules and restrictions as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior, at sueh
prices as will secure to said company, its successors
or assigns, an average price of not more than $2 SO
per acre, and subject to the further condition that
the right of way is hereby granted to said company
to the extent of one hundred feet in width on each
side of said road through the public lands: Provided,
That the grant hereby extended shall inure only to
the benefit of such company or companies as the
State of Wisconsin may hereafter designate.
Skc. 2. That this act shall be so construed as to
grant to the Slate ot Wisconsin all the lands nero-
toiore leservod and embraced m its provisions,
ji which would inure to the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, under existing laivs, by any location of
said Northern Pacific Railroad Company aulhoraed
by existing laws, if this gra,nr or extension bad not
been made to si id State of Wisconsin, and as lira-
nate within the limits Of this district, which jj i'tin" uVe'graniTVo" tho'lands which, iu tho absence
shall be valid and right in other respects !| of lurtner legislation, would, by fair interpretation
npto the day on which the new office shall :i
go into operation. 11 Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
