1872.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
78ft
one we now have, for we do not intend to estab-
lish a system of mixed schools, leading to a
social equaiitv of the raees, which we are not
prepared to submit to.
So our interest in the public lands will be
abandoned it' this bill becomes a law, rather
than comply with the conditions it imposes,
and many of the former slave States will do the
same thing, and the result will be that they
will lose their interest in the public lands, and
instead uf this being a measure peculiarly jn
the interest of the southern States, as is con-
tended bv the friends of the bill, it will be an
act of injustice to them, for their interest in
the pubiic lands will be appropriated for the
benefit of the other Statea, and they will have
to be taxed to supply the deficiency in the
Federal Treasury caused by this appropria-
tion ; or even if they complied with the con-
diiions of the law, the northern States get
about three times as much as the southera
States, for the fund is to be distributed accord-
ing to population.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoak] went very far out of his way in bis
argument in favor of this bill to assail the State
which I have the honor in part to represent
on this floor. He made an unnecessary and
invidious companson between the educational
afiamments of his State and mine, and boast-
fully exhibited a table of the comparative illit-
eracy of the two States, which waa entirely
uncalled for, and added no strength whatever
to his argument. Kentucky needs no defense
on that subject. She is not behind the other
southern States in the education of her peo-
ple; she is not behind any State in the great
elements of public virtue, manly pride, and
national enterprise, and in her devotion to
democratic institu ions.
in her national policy she adheres more
strictly to the fundamental principles of the
Government than does the State of the gentle-
man, and in her State affairs she manages them
with an honesty and frugality that is in strik-
ing contrast with the corruptions and extrava
gance we spe around this Capitol, managed by
the gentleman's political friends. Her finan-
cial condition is better to-day than any State
in the Union, with a sinking fund which is
able to redeem all her public debt and leave
$1,500,000 for the treasury, and this, too,
independent of nearly a million dollars which
this Government justly owes to her, for the
payment of which I had the honor to intro-
duce a bill in this House and which ought
to pass. This is the result of the financial
management of a State where, the gentiemau
says—
"Th  Democratic rule has been undisturbed
throughout all the period of war and throughout all
the period of reconstruction."
Would it be invidious, sir, to compare this
with th'e financial condition of those ten south-
ern Stales where the Republican rule '"has
been undisturbed throughout all the years of
reconstruction," and where that party has in
six years increased the public deot not less
than two hundred million dollars?
Sir, Kentucky in the current year will raise
by State taxation ne.tr one million dollars
for common-school purposes, ill addition to
the amount raised by local taxation for the
same purpose in the cities, towns, and school
districts, of which 1 have no data to estimate
the amount; and in this connection I will have
the Clerk to read an extract from the report
of Rev. Z. F. Smith, late the able and distin-
guished superintendent of public instruction
in Kentucky, whose deieat by the Democratic
party the gentleman seems so much to deplore;
but I can say, for his gratification, that Mr.
Smith has been replaced by a man of equal
ability, and one whose zeal for the common-
school cause is only surpassed by his fitness
and qualifications for the office.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Kentucky has established a liberal and sufficient
financial basis, as fur as action in the name of tlic
Commonwealth is concerned, in the assessment of
an ad valorem tax of two mills on the dollar of
property, iio further ad valorem, tax should be
asked of the State. But few if any States have large
amounts of school tax on them, as State?, depending
on local and district taxation for thegreater propor-
tion ot the school revenues expended. The neces-
sity for a maximum State rate on property, the reve-
nnes from which ;ire to be distributed pro rata for
tbe support of free schools throughout the Com-
monwealth, is found in the extremes of wealth and
poverty which exist between different sections of the
same. 'Left to their ewn resources, there are many
communities and sections where the people would
be utterly unable to, educate their children. The
basis must be laid, therefore, for a system of com-
mon schools in a general tax on property, which
becomes a kind of nucleus or guarantee for a free
school in each district throughout the State."
Mr. McHENRY. In addition to the State
tax there is in the cities, towns, and many
of the school districts a heavy tax imposed,
and in many of our cities we have common
schools equal in every respect to first-class
colleges. Two in my district, the cities of
of Henderson and Owensboro, have public
schools second only to institutions estab-
lished and supported by endowments. And,
sir, we have more common schools, and more
colleges and more students in our colleges,
than they have in Massachusetts. I have not
compared the school statistics of my State with
thos6 of the other States generally. Whether
they are above or below tbe average I do not
know or care to know for any purpose in this
debate; but I will say this, that if the learning
and intelligence of a State could be aggregated,
my State will stand equal to any in the Union,
yet it may not be so generally distributed as
in Massachusetts.
The boastful manner in which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] has
paraded before this House and the country
the educational statistics of his State, has
caused me to look at the report of the board
of education for Massachusets to see whether
that State manifests as much zeal for the
education of its poor children as the gentle-
man does for the education of the negroes in.
Kentucky, and I find the following in regard
to the boasted compulsory law of that State:
"It is a sorrowful thought, that, notwithstanding
tfao very large amount expended for the mainte-
nance of tiie public schools of our State, so large a
proportion of children of school age fail to reap the
advantage of this, and grow up in comparative
ignorance.
" It is true we have a compulsory law, with suffi-
cient penalties, if it were enforced; but in.many
towns it is not only never enforced, but no disposi-
tion to enforce it is shown. Says General Oliver,
whose experience and observation lor two years as
a State constable, specially delegated to see to the
enforcement of this law, were such that he knows
whereof he affirms:
"'Nobody looks after it—neither town authori-
ties, nor school committees, nor local police—and the
large cities and many of the towns of the State are
full of unschooled children, vagabondizing about
the street?, and growing up m ignorance, and to a
heritage of sin. The mills all over the State, the
shops in city and town, are full of children deprived
of their right to such education as will fit them ior
the possibilities of their after-life, and nobody thinks
of obeying tho school laws. In fiicr, most persons
are ignorant that there is any such law, so that be-
tween those so ignorant and those that care for none
of these things we have no right to^ boast of com-
pulsory education in Massachusetts.'
" In fact, from the experience of the writer m at-
tempting prosecution to enforce the school act tor
factory children, an act almost wholly disregarded,
he doubts whether any law officer to whom cases
might be brought would bring action. It would
require much courage to enter the lists against the
power that sets the laws at defiance. We ought
to scop boasting in Massachusetts, educationally at
least, because we are very weak and vulnerable m
that direction."
This is the fostering care which the gentle-
man's State has for the children of poor and
indigent parentage, and as his philanthropy is
so large as to include the children of all the
States, 1 will call his attention to an extract
from the report of the Bureau of Statistics for
1870 on the subject of the over-working and
non-educatiou of the factory children of Massa-
chusetts.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The State and the Republic
being controlled by corporations. Let earls "J
of prevention be secured. In Massachusetts jt&e/*«
spfto of her law—though whether spue other law is
i an expression worth using when the law itself, a
I mere formula of prohibitory words, 'vox etprceterea
| nihil,y u bark without, a bite, may be questioned;
j yet spite of her l*w children under as well as over
! ten years are employed over ten bours a day, and
! that, too, in many cases, without the legal school -
j ing; and yet the strong manner iu which the fact
1 has been represented to the Legislature has failed to
secure an effective law preventive of the acknowl-
edged evil. What between parents, covetous of the
earnings of these children, Or driven, as is true in
many instances, by the unsparing necessities of posi-
tive want, or because of idleness or dissolute habits,
reckless of the moral and intellectual or even phys-
ical growth of their own children on the one hand
and the inordinate pressure for gainful product-and
greed of wealth of employers on the other hand, the
poo^ children aFe subjected to a pretty effectual
grinding, as between an upper and a nether mill-
stone. God help them, if man's law cannotl
''But can it be possible in this Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, favored above States as she is, or as
her people say she is—for they are somewhat of a
boastful race, with all the blessings of highest civil-
ization, tbe growth of a genuine Christian influ-
ence—that men can be found, regardless not only of
the letter of her laws but of their manifest spirit
and intent, and regardless, too, in a case involving
the best good of the tender younglings who are grow-
ing up t.o be the producers of her wealth, the indis-
pensable toilers and workers in her countless hives
of industry; can it be possible, that it this query
meet, as it must, an affirmative reply, the State will
permit the condition of things to exist that must
ultimately produce a moral and physical deteriora-
tion of her working people, and so by exhaustiug,
year after year, both body and mind, find her pro-
ducers less productive, their physical power enfee-
bled and worn out, their minds dulled into a stolid
stupidity, incapable of thought and of iavontion, so
that the plowman shall only differ from the ox that
he drives by having two legs less; the hodman's head
and the bricks he bears beyond the same level ; the
toilers at machines of every name be but as tbe ma-
chines they tend, if even thai; and, at least all her
laborers become lowerthan the lowest Gibeonite that
ever drudged for Hebrew lord, and moresunken than
the most hopeless Helot that ever toiled for Spartan
master. Rather than such measureless misery should
come, and if there be no hope from those that now
control, and deaf years* be turned to supplicating
cries, I have only to pray that God, in mercy to the
toilers and to the Republic, will raise up, now and at
once, from tbe toilers themselves, as of old He raised
Moses from his brethren the enslaved sons of Israel,
ten thousand leaders from among themselves, in-
spired for the task, who, like him, shall lead their
brethren out of the worse than Egyptian bondage
that shall have fastened his chains around them into
a land where true and fair labor shall be the honored
rule, and where it shall at least yield to the laborer
that share of tbe milk and honey that is the just
recompense of his toil."
Mr. McHENRY. Let the gentleman turn
his attention to home affairs, and he will find
much there to engage the attention of his
humanitarian disposition. He wiil find that
Massachusetts has more retail liquor shops in
proportion to her population than any State
or Territory in the United States east of the
Rocky mountains. This I get from the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for
the year ending June 30, 1871. Sir, she has
eight thousand two hundred and thirty-eight
whisky shops, while my State, with nearly
equal population, has only about half that
number. This, however, is not the conse-
quence of superior education, but is only a
matter of taste, or it may be tlie result of their
excessive loyalty in a patriotic endeavor to
support the revenue department of the Gov-
ernment.
In regard to the other direct taxes imposed
for the support of the Federal Government
Massachusetts has decidedly the advantage
of Kentucky ; for notwithstanding her wealth
is about three times as great, the amount p.dd
into the Federal Treasury is nearly equal.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. I wiil
now yield ten minutes of my time to my col-
league, [Mr. Hibbari>.]
Mr. HIBBAIiD. Mr. Speaker,_ in the limited
time which has been allotted me in this discus-
sion I can only refer to a few of what I conceive
to be the objectionable features of the measure
which is now before the House.
I concur in the opinion which has been so
aptly expressed by other gentlemen who have
preceded me, that Congress possesses no con-
stitutional authority to legislate upon the gen-
eral subject of education in the States. 1 kriow
of no articie, no section, no clause in the Con-
stitution which confers any buch authority upon
Congress, and in the absence ot any such cou-
