1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2581
upon members, and upon the work of legisla-
tion.
The evil commences with the very origin
of this body. In every congressional district
there are certain active politicians whose
chief aim and purpose is to control the small
Federal offices, your post offices, assistant coi-
lectorships and assessorships, &c. Those men
exercise a wonderful influence in controlling
congressional nominations. Knowing that
through Congressmen they can attain their
desires, they naturally follow the business of
making Congressmen, working at primary
meetings and upon public opinion in favor of
this man or that man, and finally succeeding
in placing the member sleet under real or pre-
tended obligations, which, with the very best
intentions, he cannot always ignore. Then,
when the member comes here, he goes through
the work of importuning the heads of Depart-
ments for their favors, and if they are granted,
he then falls under obligations to them: and |
between the officer-seeker on the one hand
and the officer-giver on the other hand, the
member often loses much of that independence
which should always characterize a true legis-
lator.
It goes further, and like a subtle poison per-
meates the whole legislative body, often con-
necting itself with measures where it is least
suspected. Now, I believe that this bill seeks
to strike at the root of that evil by separating
us entirely from this whole office-brokerage
business, and leaving us to turn our undivided
attention and our independent judgment ro the
real work of legislation, as the spirit of the
Constitution and the spirit of our system of
government intended that we should do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WTLLAKD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] for twenty
minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I deeply
regret that the bill now pending has been
repoited by the honorable Committee on the
Reorganization of the Civil Service, and that it
is insisted upon by the chairman of that com-
mittee, [Mr. Willard,] and pressed upon the
consideration of the Ilou-e. I have no apol-
ogy to offer, no pardon to ask either now or
at- anytime for any part tha* I may have taken
in the politics of this country. 1 am tree to
say, in reply to a suggestion which tell from
the lips of the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri.'[Mr. Fixkelxburg.] that at no time in my
life, under no circumstances. by_ direction or
by indirection, did I ever seek to influence the
vote of a solitary man in my behalf, either
before or after my nomination, upon a hope
or promise of reward, or of political influence
for appointment. I would scorn inyse.f, and
account myself unfit to be a Representative ot
a free people, if I were capable of entertain-
in"" for a moment the thought of taking a posi-
tion among the Representatives of the United
States of America upon the condition of bar-
gain and sale in the distribution ot patronage.
iVrni't me to say that 1 am not in the habit even
of associa- ing with gentlemen, whom 1 suppose
to be capable of any such conduct. It we
cannot, atford to be virtuous m tiie exercise of
our plivileges, and to have something ot self-
respect, without being obliged to be so, by
force of nenal enacimeirs, we ought to aoro-
Ka e our relations to the people and vacate the
office that we thereby acknowledge we are not
fit to fill, and confess ourselves unworthy to
be the Representatives of a free people.
Mr. Speaker, the honorable and learned
gontieman from New York, [Mr. Poti'Ek,] my
associate on the Committee on the Judiciary,
touched the key of this whole controversy on
veiterdav, when he said that what is contem-
plated to be done by the legislation proposed
In re, cannot be done without a rauical change
in the whole theory of the American Govern-
ment. No truer words have been uttered, from
the beginning of this discussion to this hour,
than the utterance I have just repeated from
the lips of iny friend from New York. This
bill is forbidden by the genius of your institu-
tions ; it is forbidden by the express letter of
your Constitution; it is in contravention of
the whole theory of your Government.
Men, whether they hold official position or
occupy "private station,-' which is the only
" post of honor" according to the utterances
wo hear in these days and in this place, are
equal in the general privileges of citizens
of the United States by the guarantees of the
Constitution, and are therefore equally enti-
tled to exercise the right of petition, the free-
dom of speech, and the freedom of the press,
every one of which guarantied rights is inter-
fered with by the letter as well as the spirit
of the bill reported by the committee. This
fatal defect of the bill is not altogether cured
by the substitute offered by my learned and
accomplished friend from Cincinnati, [Mr.
Pekiiy.] I may be allowed to say in this
connection that if it were possible to get rid
of the objection named without overturning
your Constitution and breaking down the dis-
tinct provisions of that instrument, the intel-
ligence and the great ability of my learned
colleague would have enabled him to accom-
plish that object. My colleague [Mr. Perky]
has done in this behalf all that is possible,
yet, sir, the bill stands before this House, and
will stand before the people of the United
States, as directly interfering with the guaran-
tied privileges of citizens of the United States.
A reference was made yesterday by my
learned friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Bot-
LKitj to the fact that the bill interferes with
the right of petition. I say it interferes as
well with the freedom of speech ; it interferes
as well with the freedom of the press. The
language of the bill is that "no person, a
member of either House of Congress, shall,
directly or indirectly, recommend the appoint
ment to office, or the removal from office, or
the rejection upon nomination to office, of any
person in the United States." It was deemed
important when the Constitution was framed
to incorporate in it the express provision that
" Congress shall pass no law abridging the
freedom of speech or of_ the press, or the
rittiit of the people to petition." It is in vain
that gentlemen undertake to say that the right
of petition is restricted to any form or any
number of persons, or that persons in any
official position in the United States may be
excluded from the right. Sir, it is the privi-
lege of all the people, it is a right as sacred
as the right of liberty or life. _ _
You need not tell me, sir, that it is com-
petent for the Government of the United
States to say to me that because I happen to
be a Representative of the people it shall be a
crime, unless I get leave from the President
of the United States, for me to indorse a paper
asking him to consider the claims of a man m
every way competent to fill with honor any
place to which he may be appointed and
whose character gives assurances that he will
perform witli fidelity the duties ot the oiiice—-
a man answering to the Jeffersonian test in
that he is "honest and capable"—a, man
who has had his limbs blown away m^the
storm of battle in defense of your flag. Rep-
resentatives, shall it by your act be made a
crime for me or you to venture to put in writ-
ing, without leave first had and obtained from
the Executive, a true statement of the services
and the character of such a man, and that lie
is able to fill well a vacant place in one of the
Departments, and that by reason of what he
has suffered and sacrificed in defense ot his
country he has need of the appointment? Mo
man need tell me that when I sign such a
petition I bring dishonor either upon myself
or upon the people who have sent me here as
their Representative.
I repeat, the bill provides that no member
of either House of Congress shall directly or
indirectly, verbally or in writing, by agent or
third person, recommend the appointment of
any person to office in the civil service of the
United States. Under this provision, if a con-
test is going on in your district between two
applicants for a position of honor and trust,
in which especial qualification is of import-
ance to the country, you cannot venture to
exercise your privilege of making known
through the press your views touching the emi-
nent fitness of one of these men as compared
with the other for that appointment, because
it would be indirectly attempting to influence
the President, and especially if you should
happen to allow the man whom you thus favor,
and who is entitled to this consideration at
your hands and at the hands of all his neigh-
bors. to send the note, favorable to him and
truthful in its contents for the consideration
of the President.
Again, sir, as was intimated the other day,
if you happen to meet the President in the
street and say to him that there is an applica-
tion pending before him to which you ask his
consideration, telling him you know the appli-
cant to be in every way deserving, and that
you know of no other man in the district who
would be willing for one moment to interfere
with his appointment, you are to he held guilty
of a misdemeanor, and must be taken before
a court to answer.
Again, sir, if in your placo here the fact be
made in some manner to appear in tho course
of debate that a petition was pending for the
appointment of one of your neighbors, you
aro told that you shall not, even in your place
as a Representative of the people, niake a
truthful utterance in favor of or against the
man's appointment, lest by direction or indi-
rection you should seek to influence the Pres-
ident. What becomes, with such legislation,
of that other provision of the Constitution,
the privilege not so much of the Represent-
ative as of the people represented, that Sen-
ators and Representatives for any speech or
debat e in either House shall not be questioned
in any other place ?
Am I to be made dumb and not permitted
to open my mouth when one of my neighbors
happens to be assaied here whoso name, is
pending for appoin'mcnt before one of these
departments? Strange as it may appear, that,
ataong other things, is proposed by this bill.
To show more clearly to the House what is
proposed I beg leave to read from the text of
the bill, that gentlemen inay see that I do not
overdraw in anything I have said. What I
am about to read from the text of the bill is
the strongest argument against it, an argument,
so strong that I defy the wit of man, here or
anywhere, to answer successfully in open,
manly debate. I know many things may be
said for the bill under a rule where no reply
can be made; but 1 submit nothing can be
said for it to justify it. How does it read?
Th.it hcreaftcrit shall be unlawful for any mem-
ber of either House ot Congre&s or Iletegate from a
Tenitory, verbally or m writing, directly or_ indi-
rectly, or by any intent or third per.^ou, to solicit or
recommend, or to advise the President ot the United
States, or any head of a Drp.irtmcnt, or of any
bure ixx thereof, or any official who has by lavr power
to nominate or appoiut to positions in the civil ser-
vice of the United Slates, to nominate or appoint,
or tu reiui-e to nominate or appoint any person to,
or to remove nnv perr-on from, office or employment
in the civil service, cxcept as hereniaftor provided.
Slit'. 2. That whenever tho President or the head
of a Don ait me nt shall, in wiitms, ask the opinion
or art vice of a member of Congress or a Delegate
from a Teiruory, respecting any appointment or
lemoval, such member or Delegate may, m wriune
only, give hi? advice or opinion respecting such ap-
pointment or removal. And such member or Dele-
gate may al««. without being requeued so to uo,
t1Ve in writiojr, to rhc President or head ot Depart-
ment any information which such member or Dele-
gate may have ot tho misconduct or unl.utsifulneis
of any person in the civil service. Any such intorm-
aiion, advice, or opinion given to tho Pi evident or
heart of a Department by any memoer and Delegate
shall be resided as official, and shall atall times be
open to tho inspection of members and Delegates,
and copies thereof .hall be transmuted to cither
House of Congress whenever called for by them for
