1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GiLOBI.
3m
amendment to one of our amendments to the
appropriation bill in no way at all pertinent,
and the Senate is now called on to vote upon
it without any chance to amend it. There is
one amendment I want to make, that every
'Senator will see it is necessary to make. This
section gives six months within which suits
shall be brought for the recovery-of the pro-
ceeds of this cotton; but when shall these
claims be determined ? There'is no limitation
as to the term during which any Secretary of
the Treasury in all future time may pass upon
these claims. They have once been acted
upon and decided by Secretary McCulloch.
jSow we open the door again'aud invite for
six months all these claims to be presented;
but when shall they be decided?
Mr. EDilDNDS. It is an indefinite appro-
priation to pay them.
Mr. SHERMAN. An indefinite appropria-
tion limited only by'the whole amount of the
fund, $20,000,000. I say, therefore, it is not
guarded, and the plan 1 propose is better.
Let us dissent from this conference report and
simply say to the House of Representatives,
'■ Weare notprepared to acton this subject,"
and let them abandon it as we have aban-
doned the Morrill amendment, and this report
can be disposed of in five minutes. If the
Senate disagrees to the conference report,
in ten minutes the bill may be passed and
become a law, and then this class of claims
Can be referred to the Committee on Claims,
and the whole subject may be presented in a
formal, orderly way. This is ail I desire to
say.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope that the
Senate will not agree to this report and the
first reason is because it is a very improper
way of legislation, as I think every Senator
here must perceive. The difference of opinion
in reference to this subject, as developed here
this morning, shows that we ought not to
adopt such a law without full discussion.
The next reason is this: as to each of these
claims the owner must be ascertained. Great
frauds, it is alleged, have existed heretofore
in having that ownership determined, not
judicially, but by Departments, so that Con-
gress, as has been stated, was obliged to inter-
fere by law.
But there is another objection, to which I
call the attention of Senators, that has not yet
been stated. As I understand that law, alter
the owner is ascertained it by no means fol-
lows that he ought to have the cotton or the
proceeds of it. That cotton may have be-
longed to the southern confederacy ; and will
any one insist it that cotton belonged to the
confederacy, or if the persons who had it in
possession had it in their possession as trus-
' tees for the southern confederacy, that by es-
tablishing their ownership this Government
ought to pay them the proceeds? Andyetthe
report as it is presented heie actually calls
upon the Senate of the United States to pass
a law to hand over to the southern confed-
eracy, or to persons who were its trustees,
property which we captured at the close oi
the war.
These are the reasons; and in addition to
them the fact that a bill has been introduced
this morning from the Judiciary Committee
which either does or if properly amended can
he made to cover this whole question.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from New Jer-
sey is entirely mistaken in supposing that this
provides for paying over the proceeds of any
cotton which belonged to the southern con-
federacy. It provides simply for paying the
owners of cotton which was taken subsequent to
June 30, 1805, in violation of instructions ot
the Department and in violation of law. Ihe
instructions required the agents to take the
cotton of the southern confederacy; and the
cotton that was thus taken which belonged to
the southern confederacy was taken m accord-
ance with the instructions, and therefore is
not provided for in this amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
will permit me to say that the instructions did
not provide for taking the cotton-of the con-
federacy after 1865.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
Jersey is mistaken. Special instructions were
issued to those agents to take propeHy that
belonged to the confederate States and to two
corporations that were agents of the confed-
erate States, or agents for the holders of the
cotton loan.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Uptowhattime?
Mr. SHERMAN. At any time. The order
was not to take any private cotton, not to take
any cotton which belonged to private persons,
whether loyal or disloyal, but to take property
of the confederate States or their agents.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There the ques-
tion at once comes up, whether the persons
who had cotton in their possession had it in
their own right or as trustees for the confed-
eracy.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point.
Mr. BLAIR. The presumption of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey does not hold good.
This simply provides for the repayment of the
proceeds of the sales of cotton which was
taken contrary to the instructions of the Sec
retary of the Treasury, and contrary to law,
after tlw war had ceased, the property of in-
dividuals; and when we consider that this
property has b.een in the hands of the Govern-
ment for seven years and they are not required
to pay interest for it, that it was sold by agents
of the Government for one third of its value,
I think it does not justify the language of the
Senator from Vermont who said that this was
a raid upon the Treasury. I think there is
quite a different phrase to be applied to this
case; it was a raid of cotton agents upon the
private property of individuals, in violation
of law and of instructions of the Secretary of
the Treasury, which amounted to simple plun-
der, and that plunder has been put away in
the Treasury of the United States, and is now
held in violation of law and of the rights of
these citizens, and there cau be no earthly
justification for keeping it there.
As for the bill the Senator from Illinois
reported this morning, to provide for pay-
ment of these sums of money, I do not see
that that bill has any superiority over the pres-
ent bill. 1 think the more promptly this jus-
tice is done the better it, will be done. It has
already been delayed too long. And although
the Senator from Illinois has reported such a
bill, the very fact that he has reported such a
bill from the Judiciary Committee ought to
make the Senate vote for this conference report,
which will effect the object of his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The _ yeas and
nays having been ordered on agreeing to the
conference report, the Secretary will call the
roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Alcorn. Blair. Casserly. Clayton,
Oole, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, l'laniiKau,
Gilbert. Goldthwmte, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
lan, IIiU, IvcllORg, Kelly, Lewi-, Losmi. Morton.
Norwood, Pomeioy, Pool. Ransom, Itice, Robertson,
Suulsbury, Sawyer. Scliura, hneneer, SpraKue bte-
v en son, Stockton, Thurman. Vickers, and West-tt.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Loreinan,Buuicinsnatii,
Caldwell. Carpenter, Chandler, Conkbng. Corbctt,
Cragin. Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, *re-
Hngbuyfen, Rainlm, Howe, Morrill ot Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Ramsey, hcott. bherinivn,
Sumner, Trumbull, Windoro, and \\ ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony,.Bayard. Brownlow,
Cameron, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry ot Connec icut,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston, Osborn,
Patterson, Pratt. Stewart, Tipton, and VV ilson-15.
So the report was concurred in.
BRIDGE AT 1SVANSVILLE, INDIANA.
Mr. MORTON. Before we proceed with the
railroad bill, I ask the consent of the Senator
from Pennsylvania to have a formal vote taken
in order that a bill may be sent to the House.
Sometime ago two bridge bills were passe,
authorizing budges over the Ohio river, one at
Evansville and one at Mount Vernon. They
were both of the same character precisely.
They have, both been amended by the Com-
mittee on Gom'raerce, and the Mount Vernon
bill was passed last night. The other was not
taken up on account of my absence, i now
ask that the vote to reconsider may'be form-
ally considered as taken, and then that the bill
may be passed as amended by the committee,
bo as to make it like the other, hill-that passed
last night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) Pending the bill in regard to
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad depot,
the Senator from Indianaasks onanimouscon-
sent that the vote may be taken on the bill to
which he has referred. Is there objection?
Mr. CAMERON. I'shall make no objec-
tion if it is eimply to take a vote on the hill
•without debate. ' ■
•Mr. MORTON. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. BOREMAN. -I think it probable that
tjjat is the bill that went over on my motion;
I have no objection to the bill" passing in the
form suggested, ' If it is to be like the one
that passed last night, it will be all' right.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; it is just like the
other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the vote on Ihe fund passage of
the bill (S. No. 639) authorizing the construc-
tion of a railroad bridge across the Ohio river
at Or near Evansville, in the State of Indiana,
as well as on the, engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill, will be regarded as reconsidered,
and the bill is now before the Senatfe and open
to amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that the vote be
taken on the final passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire that the amendments be re-
ported?
Mr. MORTON. I presume it is not neces-
sary to read them unless some Senator desires
it. They are the same as those to the other
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
tary has the amendments. If no Senator calls
for the reading of the amendments the ques-
tion will he on agreeing to the amendments.
Mr. THURMAN. "What is the provision,
as to the height above low water?
Mr. MORTON. It is the same as before,
but places the matter under the supervision
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. THURM AN. Does it require a height
of ninety feet above low water?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think it is one hundred
feer, above low water, and forty feet above high
W The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendments of the committee.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT TO AI'I'UOI'lttATlON BIl-L.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations lor
sundry civil expenses of the Government lor
the fiscal year ending June 3U, J&io, and for
other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
martha G. kcdoijvh.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that, by unanimous
consent the vote indefinitely
little pension bill, being House bill No. 2.>.  ,
granting a pension to Martha G. Kudoip.i, _ e
reconsidered, and that the bill be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Pensions, wuh the
papers. Some additional evidence has been
furnished which may change the complexion
: of the case. , , ,
i By unanimous consent; the vote indefinitely
