4374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. BOREMAN. I merely wish to have
the discussion on the subject really under con-
sideration.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will now turn to the
matter immediately under consideration. This
amendment does not say when that law which
it proposes to continue in force was passed. I
should like to find out, if I could, when it was
passed without turning to the law itself.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
from Delaware will look at the bill on page 5,
line ninety-seven, he will find the date of the
act.
Mr. SAULSBURY. You propose to ex-
tend the act which you passed for the purpose
of conferring upon the President of the Uni-
ted States tl^e power to control elections in
every town containing a population of twenty
thousand inhabitants and upward to every
election precinct in the land. You are not
satisfied to usurp the control of elections in
towns and cities containing a population of
twenty thousand, but you now propose to ex-
tend it to every election precinct iu the coun-
try, and to appoint supervisors to interfere
with the rights of the citizen. You call it
superintending, but the design and purpose is,
that they shall be there to aid the Republican
party.
Sir, what right has Congress to interfere
with the right of the people to hold their elec-
tions ? Take the State of Massachusetts, the
State of Connecticut, the State of New York,
the State of Pennsylvania, or any other State
in this Union, and what right has Congress to
intervene and appoint persons to superintend
the elections which are held in those States or
in any State of this Union? Can there be
any other object in this supervision of the elec-
tions than to aid the Republican party? Will
not every marshal, deputy marshal, super-
visor, register, and every man appointed
under it be in the interest of the Republican
party? Is it not the purpose that they shall
interfere and determine the election in favor
of the Republican candidate, the present
Executive of this country ?
Senators disclaim any aach object, and so
far as they are individually concerned I will
not say that thoy are actuated by any such pur-
pose ; but I will say that the judgment of the
' country will be that that, and that alone, is
the purpose and the object for which you pro-
pose to continue in force this law.
Is not that a fearful power? Is it not an
invasion of the rights of the States? Never
in the history of this country until the Repub-
lican party came into power was the idea con-
ceived of superintending under Federal law
the elections held in the States. Why, sir,
throughout the previous history of this coun-
try no such idea entered the mind of any
statesman, and I challenge the Republican
members of the Senate to point me to a single
instance in the history of this country where
any statesman, any member of either House
of Congress, until the Republican party came
into power, ever proposed to invade the rights
of the people to hold their own elections.
Now, sirs, you point to your past record as
the pledge of what you will do in the future,
and in the past you have interfered in the elec-
tions in the States of this Union. You have
done so in States that were never out of the
Union, according to your ideas of being ont
of the Union, States that are north of Mason
and Dixon's line, that held their allegiance
and have ever held their allegiance to the Fed-
eral Union. You interfered in the elections
in my own State, which was the first to adopt
the Federal Constitution, which I believe to-
day has stood more faithfully by the FederaJ
Constitution than any State in this Union.
During the whole war we insisted upon a strict
observance of the Constitution. While we
were in the Union and meeting every obliga-
tion imposed upon us as a member of the
Union, we protested at, every step against the
repeated violations of the Constitution. We
protested through the executive messages of
our Governors. We protested against it
through the resolutions of the Legislature of
our State. We guarded carefully as far as we
could that Constitution, and yet, in that State,
Mr. Stanton, who was eulogized to the very
heavens the other day by the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] and other Senators,
at the solicitations of certain politicians sent
Federal troops to every election precinct in
two of the three counties in my State to in-
terfere with and oonlrol our local elections.
Since the war has been over you have sent
your troops to New York and moored your
national vessels to the wharves of that city and
pointed your guns at her streets. You have
interfered by your marine force in the elec-
tions in Philadelphia. You have interfered
in almost all the southern States under the
provisions of this law which you propose to
continue in force. Your actions proclaim
loudly and in tones that cannot be misunder-
stood to the people of this country that you
propose to carry the election in November by
interference with the elections, by the appoint-
ment of marshals and deputy marshals and
registers and supervisors of elections.
I appeal to Republican Senators; I ask them
to sit in judgment upon their own consciences
to-day, and ask themselves whether they do
not believe that that is in violation of the
spirit of our free institutions. I ask them to
lay their hands upon their hearts and lift their
eyes toward heaven and say whether they can
do that with just regard or respect to the rights
of the people of the country. For one, I have
too high a regard for the Constitution which I
have sworn to support to vote for a measure
so iniquitous, so violative of the spirit and
intendment, of our free institutions, so viola-
tive, as I believe, of the letter and the spirit
of the Constitution. I will not say that other
gentlemen take the same view of it as I do;
but I say, regarding that Constitution accord-
ing to the Democratic teachings in which I
have been brought up, I could not vote for a
measure so palpably violative of every pro-
vision of that sacred instrument.
Yon propose by the continuance of this law
to carry the election. You may say that is
not your objcct, and I will not impute such a
motive to Senators, but I say that is the judg-
ment which the people will pass upon this
measure; it is the judgment which history will
record as the only proper and legitimate con-
clusion to be drawn from any such measure as
this.
Well, gentlemen, there will be an end of
all this. There will come a time, if it has not
already come, when the people, too long
deaf to the voice and appeals of reason, too
long blind to their own interest, too regardless
of their rights, will awaken from the leth-
argy and apathy that has seemed to surround
them for somo time past, and they will hurl
from power—ay, sir, with vengeance they
will hurl from power thft party which has
trampled upon the Constitution of the country
and violated the rights of the States of this
Union and put in jeopardy the very liberties
of the people.
Sir, I am proud to be associated with the
minority on this floor, with gentlemen who
are protesting against your violations of the
Constitution. I feel proud of the position o'f
the Democratic party, because in all its past
history you cannot call up a single violation
of the Constitution. How proudly does our
history as a party compare with your own!
We point to the Constitution, not to one, but
to many provisions of it, which we say you
have violated, and which you cannot gainsay;
and now we challenge the Republican mem-
bers of the Senate to point to a single page iu
the history of the Democratic party upon
which is inscribed a single violation of the
Constitution. Sir, you may have the patron-
age of the executive office; you may have the
patronage which flows from power. Give me the
consciousness of rectitude, association with
gentlemen who I know feel the same spirit
animating them—the conviction that they
are the defenders of the Constitution of their
country, protesting at every step against the
violation of that sacred instrument—and I am
content. We care not if we are in a minority ; ,
we care not if we are to remain in the minor-
ity, while we have the proud consciousness
that history will award to us the meed of
praise for lifting our voices in protest against
the numerous infractions of the Constitution
by your party. Sir, it is with pride that I look
back upon the history of the old Democratic
party, running back to the very days of Jeffer-
son, in which there is not a single instance
that can be pointed out where it has violated
a single provision of the Constitution. You,
Mr. President, (Mr. Nye in the chair,) ac-
knowledged in early life its teachings, and
rejoiced in the virtue it inspires, and I have
no doubt to day feel something of the spii it
that animates the Democracy, the mother that
gave you birth. I indulge the hope that you
will yet return from your wanderings, and
prove that though fallen most foully you have
not fallen finally. [Laughter.]
Mr. NORWOOD. If the Senator will yield
to me for a moment, I will move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall be through in
a moment more.
Mr. NORWOOD. The Senator had better
go on in the morning.
Mr. THURMAN. Has the Senator given
way ?
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
take up the Calendar and proceed with busi-
ness.
Mr. COLE. There are a few more amend-
ments to this bill that I should like to dispose
of, and, if Senators are willing, I think we
might do that with propriety.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia has moved that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it to enable us to dispose of the other
amendments to this bill. I think there are but
a few more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. How many?
Mr. COLE. Perhaps half a dozen or less.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the motion to adjourn, and declared
that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. NORWOOD and Mr. TIPTON called
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator with-
draw that motion for a moment?
Mr. NORWOOD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me, I am very well satisfied
that this bill cannot be got through with to-
night under the ruling the Senate has made, if
adhered to. Very many amendments must be
offered to the bill that otherwise would not
have been offered. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has already notified the Senate that
he will offer the civil rights bill in its original
purity. [Laughter.] I shall feel bound to
offer a somewhat long bill in regard to the
public buildings in Cincinnati, which are par-
tially provided for in this bill. The bill that
I shall offer is necessary to enable the appro-
priation provided for in this bill to be applied.
I shall also feel bound to offer the steamboat
bill, for that is a measure in which the people
of the West feel the deepest interest. They
feel that a most unjust discrimination is made
by the laws now against the internal commerce
of thecountry. There are other amendments
that will be offered, and there are other Senators
who desire, I suppose, to speak. Now, under
these circumstances, I am very well satisfied
the bill cannot be passed to-night.
