2582-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
information or publication. All appointments and
removals concerning which communications shall
have been received by the President or heads of
Departments from members or Delegates shall be
reported to Con grew at the session thereof next after
such appointment or removal shall have been made,
together with all correspondence with or communi-
cations from members or Delegates respecting the
same.
Sec. 3. That any person who shall violate any of
she provisions of this act shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and, 011 conviction thereof, shall be fined
not less than $100, and not more than SI,000.
Mr. Speaker, let me ask tlie attention of the
House a little further. The bill embraces not
merely the executive department—whether in-
tended by the committee or not, it is not for
me'to inquire; it embraces not merely the Ex-
ecutive of this Government touching the matter
of appointments before whom and in whose
presence you are to be dumb, and neither in
writing directly or indirectly make reference
touching the propriety or fitness of an appoint-
ment, but it enters the Senate Chamber and
says to you and to me, that inasmuch as the
Senate has certain official power over appoint-
ments which are to be made by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
you shall not dare after the nomination has
been made, because the Senate is clothed by
the Constitution with power to confirm or
reject, the nomination, to open your inomh or
utter a word on the subject to any Senator.
Gentlemen tails here about the sad exhibi-
tion of courtiers under the despotisms of the
Old World. I would like to know in what age
of the world such a miserable spectacle was
ever presented as would follow the enactment
into law o'' this bill?
The President sends a name to the Senate
of the Untied Slates for their advice and con-
currence to an appointment to office, and you
are to bo told in the language of the bill, inas-
much as he ia the official who has power of
appointment by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, you shall not, unless you
get leave, directly or indirectly, verbally or in
writing, suggest that the man named deserves
well of his country ! What right has this Con-
gress to say that to me or any other citizen ?
What right has Congress to inaugurate by law
in this country that the people's Represent-
atives shall be the mere sycophants and slaves
of power, standing in the ante-chamber of
crowned privilege, bowing at every nod and
simpering at every word of their royal mas-
ters? We are equal, sir; we are all equal.
One word more in this connection. The
bill declares that it shall be unlawful for any
member of either House of Congress directly
or indirectly to advise the President. What
becomes of the Constitution, that the Senate
shall advise the President? This law says no
member of either House shall directly or in-
directly advise the President. What becomes
of the provision of the Constitution that the
President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint
embassadors and other public ministers and
consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all
other officers of the United States whose Ap-
pointments are not otherwise provided for?
My colleague saw this weakness in the bill as
to the Senate; that (he effect was by the very
text of the hill to make it unlawful for the
Senate to exercise the very powers with which
it was clothed by the words of the Constitution.
The gentleman read in this bill that ihe
Senate should give the President no advice,
that they should be dumb until he asked
them for advice in writing. He saw the dif-
ficulty, and therefore he incorporated in his
substitute this proviso:
Provided, nevertheless, Thar, nothing herein shall
be construed to limit or obstruct any officer, legally
charged with any duty in relation to nominations,
appointments, or removals, from performing any aet
m the line of his duty.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Look at the body
of the section.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh! yes. The body of
the section is somewhat different; bat after
all the body of the section contains the pro-
vision to which I have made objection. It
provides—
That hereafter it shall not be lawful for any mem-
ber or officer of either House of Congress or Delegate
from a Territory, or for any member or officer of a
judicial court organized under the laws of the Uni-
ted States, orforany other officer in thccivil service
of the United States, to solicit, procure, or attempt to
procure a nomination of any person to an office in said
civil service, or to solicit or procure, or attempt to
procure, or to defeat the appointment of any person
to an office in said civil service, or to prevent or at-
tempt to prevent a nomination of any person to an
office in said civil service, or to solicit, procure, or
attempt to procure the removal of any person from
an office in said civil service by means or in manner
not in accordance with the rules and regulations for
the civil service adopted by the President.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me to have read a sentence
or two from a work by Arthur Helps, clerk
of the Privy Council of England, entitled
"Thoughts on Government," in which he
tells us how competitive examination works
there ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows :
"In Great Britain we ha.ve, of late, adopted the
system of competitive examination, as a means of
discerning men's qualifications for ofQce. In my
judgment, although the system has long been
adopted in China, it is a most iuadequato one for its
purpose. It detects Qualifications which are little
needed, while it fails, inevitably, to discover thoso
which are most needed. It is a bringing back of the
world to the schools. The main reasons given for
its adoption are, that it prevents jobbery, relieves
men in power from importunity, and encourages
education.
" These may bo very good objects; but, unfortun-
ately, they arc foreign to the main object, which is
to choose lit men, and, if possible, the fittest men,
for certain employments. Competitive examina-
tion is mainly a mode of relieving those persons
who ought to have the burden of making a choice
from tile responsibility of so doiug.
"llow ineffective this mode of procedure is likely
to bo may bo inferred from the following state-
ment. You wish to ascertain that a mail will be
Hcalous, faithful, true, reticent, cautious, and capa-
ble of dealing rapidly with current business; and,
also, as he advances in office, of taking a certain
amount of responsibility upon himself. You think
that you haveaecomplished this end by ascertaining
that he can construe Latin, and has been crammed
with a certain knowledge of the facts of history,
which facts, having been devouied rather than
digested, stand very little chance of being well used
by him for the futuro, and will probably be entirely
forgotten.
"As a humorous person, I know, is wont to say,
'if you were to try the candidates in whist there
might bo a chance of discerning whether they would
be capable of dealing with the real business ot the
world.' "
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
this will not come out of the gentleman's time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire now to ask the
attention of the House to the fact that while
my honorable colleague [Mr. Perry] has
avoided one of the difficulties arising from the
bill reported from the committee, all I have
said touching the bill, as originally reported,
applies with full force to my colleague's sub-
stitute, save and except the exception in the
interest of the Senate.
Now, if I comprehended the argument of
my colleague the other day, and 1 listened to
it with great satisfaction, it was that one of
the abuses of the time was the Senate's inter-
ference with the equal rights of the people ot'
this country in the matter of appointments.
Some gentlemen went so far as to intimate
that they had established a rule of their own ;
that a single Senator, or two at most, repre-
senting a State, could command at any time
the control of the body for the rejection of
any person nominated, unless the nomination
was in accordance with the personal wishes
ot the Senator or Senators of a single State.
I agree that such an abuse oughtto beavoided.
As I understand, there is no remedy for it
whatever save an appeal to the people. But
my colleague [Mr. Persy] has called my at-
tention to the fact that in his substitute, while
in the proviso it is stated that nothing in the
aet shall be construed to limit, those privileges
which belong alike to all citizens of the United
States, he does make a limitation, nevertheless,
in the body of the section by paying:
In manner not in accordance with the rules and
regulations for the civil service adopted bv the Pres-
ident, to go into effect on January 1, 1872, or such
other rules or modifications thereof as may be in
force at the time.
That is, at the time the appointment is pend-
ing, at the time when the recommendation is
made.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the difficulty is not in
any want of intelligence in my colleague, but
in the subject itself. What right have we in
advance to say that the commissioners may
exercise the high powers of legislation over us
without knowing what they do at the time?
The President of th® United States has no
power vested in him under the Constitution to
do anything of the kind, and we have no power
to clothe hiui with any such authority as that
proposed by the substitute. The legislative
power rests exclusively in the Congress, under
the limitations of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and we have no right, either directly
or indirectly, to pass any law abridging the
right of petition, abridging freedom of speech,
or abridging the freedom of the press, and this
right, belongs to all the citizens of the United
States, whether they be in office or out of
office,
Mr. Speaker, there are one or two other
views of this subject which, with the favor of
the House, I desire to present very briefly.
The powers of the Government are subdivided
between three great departments, the legisla-
tive department, the executive department,
and the judicial department. It ia our duty
under the Constitution and in accordance with
its spirit to make laws for all the people, and
having done that, we have discharged our
duty. It is for the judiciary to interpret the
laws under the Constitution, and pronounce
judgment on all issues affecting property, lib-
erty, or life. It is for the Executive of the
United States, in accordance with the simple,
plain words of the Constitution and the obliga-
tions of his oath, to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, all the laws, including
these guarantees of the Constitution of the
right of petition, and the right of free speech
and a free press. How could he undertake,
even if you had clothed him with any power
of this sort, to say that it shall be carried into
execution? His oath would say it is for-
bidden ; the plain letter of the Constitution
would say it is forbidden. The discretion
must be somewhere, and the discretion is in
us to exercise the right of petition, the right
of freedom of speech, and the right of free-
dom of the press, and if we exercise it to the
detriment of the Republic or of the public
service, if we abuse the great trust confided
to us, let the people drive us from this place ;
but do not, in God's name, undertake to make
yourself virtuous by your own legislation in
violation of your oath, of the Constitution of
your country, and of the rights of the people.
I only desire the favor of the House for a
few moments longer. I have said all that I
can say in these hurried moments touching
the measure itself, but I desire to appeal to
my Republican friends to remember that we
are the advance guard in the great struggle
which has resulted substantially, as it will
result fully and completely and forevermore,
in restoring to the people their lost liberties.
Let us not blot the record of liberty assured
to all by the power of all. Let us not attempt
under the forms of law to forge fetters for the
minds and consciences of freemen in this
country. Let the civil service be reformed, but
let it bo reformed in the only way it can be
reformed under the Constitution of the United
States, and that is through integrity to duty
and honor on the part of the executive offi-
cers, through integrity to duty and honor on
the part of all the representatives of the peo-
ple, and of the people themselves. Public
opinion is the controlling power in this coun-
