190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
stitutional provision Congress clearly has no
such authority. And if Congress has nopower
to legislate on the educational systems of the
several States, I cannot understand how it
can accomplish indirectly what it cannot do
directly, by giving a portion of the property of
the whole people to those who will comply -with
certain conditions, and withholding it from those
who refuse to comply with those conditions.
I regard this bill, Mr. Speaker, as merely an
opening wedge for further and more extensive
legislation on the subject of education in the
States. It is only a pioneer. If itshall become
a law it will pave the way for the comprehen-
sive measure providing for a system of national
education which was introduced into the House
during the Forty-First Congress by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who
addressed the House last week in favor of this
bill, or for some measure similar to that. The
postal telegraph and other kindred legislation
will follow in its train, and before the people
are aware of it, every right which has hereto-
fore been regarded as vested in the States will
be absorbed by the General Government.
Doubtless it is a threadbare statement to
make in this Hall for one to say he is opposed
to centralizing all powers in the General Gov-
ernment, but it is a statement which cannot
be made by too many members of this House,
nor can it be repeated too often. I am not
ashamed to acknowledge that I still confide
in the States and in all those old time-honored
subdivisions of power which are incident to
our form of government, even down to the
school districts. I would not make those little
democracies dependent in any degree upon
officers residing in the national capital for
the settlement of any of their local questions.
But, sir, if the general purpose contemplated
by this bill is to be enacted into a law, I say
then, by all means, let it be done directly, by the
donation of a specific sum of money annually
from the public Treasury, without sugar-coat-
ing the pill under the subterfuge of conse-
crating the proceeds of the public lands to the
education of the people.
What connection is there, Mr. Speaker, be-
tween the public lands and the education of the
people any more than between thepublie lands
and the support of the poor and other subjects
of State authority? 1 submit there is none.
Now, sir, I rose principally to make a single
point, and but for making it 1 would not have
occupied tho attention of the House for a mo-
ment, and that is if the people of the South,
or the people of any other section of the coun-
try whoso educational systems are inferior, are
to he relieved by the Government, they ought
to be relieved by a direct appropriation from
the Treasury of a definite sum which should
be uniform from year to year, f call the at-
tention of the House to the fact that under the
provisions of the pending bill there will bo
the widest disparity between the sum, which
will be devoted to this purpose from year to
year. I have a table, procured from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, which
shows in detail the sums of money which have
been realizedfrom thesales of the public lands
during the past seven years. What I propose
to read is without any deduction of expenses
in conducting the business.
It gives the gross proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, and I call particular attention
to these figure:-; as furnishing an argument
against this bill which ought to be sufficient in
the mind of every friend of education in this
House. If the authors of this measure are
sincere in the belief that Congress has the
authorityand that it is expedient to relieve
these various States whose educational sys-
tems, or whose pecuniary circumstances do
not enable them to make suitable provision
for the education of their children, let them
go to work in a manner that will accomplish
the object.
In the year ending on the 30th of June,
1865, the gross proceeds of the sales of pub-
lic lands were $748,426 35. In the year end-
ing June 30, 1866, they were $561,299 97.
In the year ending June 30, 1867, they were
$1,071,706 75. In the year ending Jurs 30,
1868, they were $1,285,450 96. In the year
ending June 30,1869, they were $4,055.197 35.
In the year ending June 30, 1870, they were
$3,123,677 39. In the year ending June 30,
1871, they were $2,389,982 37. The whole
amount realized during these seven years was
$13,235,741 04 as the footing of these figures
will show.
Thus we see, Mr. Speaker, that during one
of the years mentioned, the sum of $561,000
was derived from the sale of public lands, and
during another year, $4,055,000—I give the
figures in round numbers—being a difference
of more than seven to one. According to
the figures of the Commissioner, the expenses
chargeable upon these sales during the same
period amounted to $4,616,863 74, being a
little more than one third of the gross proceeds ;
but this does not materially change the rela-
tive proportion in different years, and so far
as it does change it it makes the dispropor-
tion still larger. Now, I submit that if there
is to be a measure of this kind enacted into
a law, the sum which is given should be defi-
nite and uniform from year to year, so that the
various States and districts for whose benefit
it is to be enacted shall receive the same amount
every year, and shall know beforehand what
sum they may rely upon, and not be dependent
on the constantly fluctuating sales of the public
lands. I submit that it will introduce extreme
confusion into the whole system of education
in all the States if you provide that they shall
receive one dollar one year, seven the next,
and so on in different years, and that if there
is to be a law of this kind passed, this whole
subject of dividing the proceeds of the public
lands should be utterly abandoned, and a spe-
cific appropriation made for that purpose,
which will carry out the intention professed by
those who have this bill in charge. If its par-
ticular friends persist in pressing the measure
in its present form, well knowing that though
the educational fund, according to its provis-
ions, would during some years be respectable
in amount, it is likely during other years to be
reduced to a mere pittance, not much more
than sufficient to defray the expense of the
distribution, it will go very far to demonstrate
that the education of the people is not the real
object which they have in view.
There is one other subject, Mr. Speaker, to
which I wish to call attention for a moment.
Various bills are before Congress which pro-
vide for the closing up of the sales of the
public lands, and that there shall be no fur-
ther disposition of them except that actual
settlers may go upon them and occupy them
under the homestead and preemption laws.
The introduction of numerous bills of this
general character shows that the public mind
is drifting in this direction. It is not strange
that there should exist throughout the country
a growing restlessness on the subject of longer
permitting our national domain to be pur-
chased at wholesale by speculators. While I
have not given sufficient attention to the ques-
tion to enable me to express a confident opin-
ion upon it, I submit to the candid consider-
ation of the House whether the uncertainty
which awaits this class of bills does notafford
a weighty argument in favor of defeating this
bill in its present form?
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. Iyield
to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
fifteen minutes.
Mr. KERR. I propose very briefly to give
my objections to this bill; and before I pro-
ceed to do so, I desire just for one moment to
refer to a speech made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] the other day,
when this bill first came before the House. In
that speech, in a manner uncalled for by the
subject-matter, and entirely outside the range
of legitimate discussion, he made aspersions
against the Democratic party as a national
organization which are not justified by history,
and are not supported by truth; and, in my
judgment, are extremely discreditable to him
and unjust toward us. Slanderous suggestion
that the Democratic party is in alliance with
ignorance and vice, and opposed to education
and enlightenment, can deceive nobody, ex-
cept, possibly, the benighted followers of the
Republican party in the South; and the time
is not far distant when even they will be unde-
ceived on this point. ,
I will not, stop now, Mr. Speaker, to refer
more in detail to that speech, but in this con-
nection will only say that the record of our
party in regard to the educational interests of
this country is most honorable and illustrious,
and that we can stand by it in the future, as
our country has won distinction and prosperity
under it in the past. In my own State of Indi-
ana we have a magnificent educational fund
to-day of about eight million five hundred
thousand dollars. In 1851, by our constitu-
tional convention, almost unanimously Demo-
cratic, that great fund was organized, perpet-
uated, and made sacred in the interests of
education.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say just in a few
words why I oppose this bill 
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana in that connection state to the House
where that fund came from?
Mr. KERR. I would state it, Mr. Speaker,
if I had time, but I must hurry on.
Mr. HOAR. Did it not come 
Mr. KERR. I will incorporate a statement
of where it came from—the whole of it—in my
remarks in the Globe.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to know whether a
part of that fund, which is the glory and
Credit of Indiana, did not come from a gift of
public lands from the General Government?
Mr. KERR. By no means.
Mr. HOAR. No part?
Mr. KERR. I did not say so. I did not
understand the gentleman's inquiry to relate
to a part of it, but to the whole.
Mr. HOAR. I asked you; that is all.
Mr. KERR. If the House will indulge me
on account of this interruption, I will tell the
gentleman and the House from what sources
this fund comes. I read from the educational
report for 1870:
Negotiable State bonds $3,591,316 15
Common-school fund held by counties.... 1,5->2,410 38
Congressional township fund  2,211,867 76
Valueof unsold congressional township
lands     101,502 25
bahne fund on loan  3,727 07
Saline lund in treasury  1 348 flo
Bank-tax fund on loan  1,39(5 99
Bank-taxfund in treasury  107 07
Escheated estates  16 702 42
Sinking fund  803,963 35
Total $8,259,342 34
Thus it appears that all this fund is created
by the people of the State out of their own
forethought and efforts, except about two and
a quarter million dollars. Beside, our State
constitution makes it the imperative duty of
our Legislature—a duty which has been most
honorably met and discharged—to provide
"a general and uniform system of common
schools, wherein tuition shall be without charge,
and equally open to all."
This congressional township fund comes
from the legislation and beneficence of the
Federal Government; and every other State
in this Union has had the satne gift except the
old States, where there were no public lands.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether this particular fund came to any
other of the States t.han those formed of the
territory ceded by Virginia called the North-
west Territory?
Mr. KERR.^ Yes, sir; it did to many other
States, and this has been done by the legis-
lation of the Democratic party, which during
those years controlled the Federal Government
and the disposition of the public lands. The
