1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
enlarge the grant of land to the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, or to authorize said Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to select lands elsewhere
in tieuot any lands embraced in this act, or as grant-
ing to said State any lands in lien of which other
lands might be selected by said Northern Pacific
Bniiroad Company, or as granting any coal lands.
Sec. 3. That the extent of tho grant to said State
under this act shall be determined by the Secretary
of tho Interior and the Attorney General, subject to
the approval of tho President of the united States,
and shall be reported to Congress by the Secretary
of tho Interior as soon as such determination is
made.
Mr. IvETCHAM. I desire to give notice
that, unless the House shall otherwise order,
I shall move the previous question on the
pending biil and amendments at font' o'clock.
In tho mean time I desire that the lime shall
be divided equally between the friends and
opponents of the bill.
Mr. AMBLER. I would suggest that per-
haps it would be as well that there should now
be an understanding as to the time when the
vote shall be taken.
Mr. KILLINGER. I will agree to that if
it will not, interfere with offering amendments.
Mr. KBFCHAM. In reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] I will say that i
have no objection to fixing the time absolutely
now. But there are quite a number of gentle-
men who are anxious to be heard, some for and
some against this bill. I will ask that it be
ordered now that the vote shall be taken at
four o'clock.
Mr. KILLINGER. I must object, unless
it is understood that amendments are all in at
that time and ready to be voted upon.
Mr. KBfCHAJi. Then I give notice that
I propose to ca'l the previous question at four
o'clock. And now I must ask that I shall not
be interrupted while I proceed to say what I
have to say on this bill.
Mr. Speaker, I reported back from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, on Thursday last the
bill which has just been read, it being Senate
bill No. 565, to extend the time for the com-
pletion of the St. Croix and Bayfield railroad,
with the amendments which the committee
were instructed by the House to make to the
bill, and by order of the House it was made
the special order for to-dav. T desire now,
Mr. Speaker, to state briefly the histoiy of
tho road and the legislation of Congress
respecting it, and to call attention to some
important facts which have come to my
knowledge, which I think will fully war-
rant me in opposing the passage of any legis-
lation reviving the grant of land to the road.
Some of these (acts have not been stated
thus fur in the debate upon the measure.
The fiiends of the bill, it' they havo been
aware of them, have not seen fit to allude to
them, and its opponents were notable in the
short time given them, when the attempt was
made about two weeks since to pass the bill,
to obtain the information which has since
come into my possession. The facts which I
shall present will, in my opinion, completely
demonstrate that the bill makes what is vir-
tually a new grant of lands that are at this day
as much the property of the United States as
any other portion of the public domain.
The -first act graining lands to the State of
Wisconsin for the St. Croix and Lake Supe-
rior railroad was passed June 3, 3850, and
granted six sections of land per mile. The
length of the proposed road was as follows:
main line from Hudson to Superior City, 144
miles; branch to Bayfield, 90 miles; "total,
240 miles.
The total amount of land to be given to the
State of Wisconsin for the road by this first,
act was 843,4-52 acres, and the law required
that the road should be completed within ten
years. The company took no measures to
build the road during that time. In 18C4,
eight years after the grant, was made, they
Came to Congress and obtained an extension
of the time for five years from that date, and
an enlargement of ths grant to ten sections to
the mile, which increased the amount of land
to be given them by 565,000 acres, making a
grand total of 1,408,452 acres granted to the
State for the benefit of the road.
LTtider the new grant the road was to have
been completed prior to May 5, 1809. It was
not completed, and there is no evidence in the
Land Office to show that it was even begun
before that date. The purpose of the railroad
company in these long delays was apparently
to wait until the settlement of the country
along the line of the road had progressed so
far as to make a local demand for the road,
and give it sufficient business to make it a pay-
ing line, apart from its munificent land grant,
which they hoped to reserve and sell at high
prices for the benefit of the few corporators.
Having procured one extension without diffi-
culty, they no doubt thought there would be
little trouble in obtaining another. I shall
show further along in iny remarks that in
pursuance of this purpose the company took
care to prevent the lands from reverting to the
public domain, and being thrown opeu to set-
tlement, by inducing the Interior Department
to unlawfully contract with thein, through the
Governor of Wisconsin to withhold the Jands
from settlement.
The railroad company had important inter-
ests at stake, and I regret to say that the offi-
cers of the Government, whose duty it was to
protect the interests of the United States and
those of the settlers, shut theft- eyes to the law
in order to aid the railroad company to carry
out their plans. The value of the lands which
the railroad company seek to have regranted
is very great for land in a comparatively new
country, by reason of the immense forests of
choice pine timber with which they are covered.
1 have no doubt that much of the land is worth
twenty dollars per acre, and 1 am reliably in-
formed that ten dollars an acre would not be a
high estimate of its average value. This would
makethe worth of the gift which it is sought to
bestow upon this railroad company by a single
act of legislation the large sum of $15,000,000.
But admit it to be but half that amount and
ths sum is still enormous, and its magnitude
accounts for the persistent efforts that have
been and are being made by the parties inter-
ested in the road to secure the passage of the
bill. The fiiends of the measure in their ar-
guments made in the course of the debate
about two weeks since insisted that it made no
new grant, of land, and that there were pecu-
liarly strong reasons for extending the time,
to use their expression, for the.completion of
tho road. I maintain that in eveiy essential
feature the grant is a new one. I know it is
stated as an unanswerable proposition by the
other side, that the lands included in the grant,
have not reverted to the United States, be-
cause there has been no act of Congress rein-
corporating them with the public domain ; but
I am prepared to show, as I believe conclu-
sively, that no legislation is necessary to make
the lands revert to the United States; and fur-
ther, that the only reason why they have not
been thrown open to preemption and home-
stead settlement long ago, is because the au-
thorities of the Government chose to take the
responsibility of disregarding the law and
i keeping settlers from going upon them in pur-
[ suanceofan extraordinary and unwarrantable
I bargain made by these authorities with the
I Governor of Wisconsin.
The act of June 3, 1856, making the first
grant, declares in explicit terms that if the
road is not completed within ten years from
the date of the passage of the act '"no further
sale shall be made, and the lands unsold shall
revert to the United States." I call the atten-
tion of the House to the language of the law,
which is imperative. " The lands shall revert
to the United States." If there is any force in
law these lands did revert to the United States
on the 5th day of May, I860, for the act of May
5, 1864, extended the time and enlarged the
grant upon the same terms and conditions as
those prescribed in the oiiginal act. It only
postponed the lapsing of the grant from June
3, I860 until May 5,1809. The land is there-
fore, beyond question, a part of the public
domain, and we are asked to make a new
grant of it to the railroad company.
I do not wish to assert that there may never
arise a case in which there may not be strong
reasons urged for making a new grant of
Government lands to aid in the building of
a railroad, but I do maintain that this is
not such a case. Gentlemen who are opposed
to new grants of land cannot consistently
vote for this measure, because it is essentially
a new grant. Nor can it be successfully
defended on the ground that, being a new
grant, it is a particularly meritorious one.
There are a large number of bills now before
the Committee on the Public Lands asking for
land to construct railroads m the distant teni-
tories of the far West, where population is
sparse and capital scarce, and vast districts
must be traveled by rough wagon-roads to
reach existing lines of railroad, which have
much stronger claims to the favorable regard
of the House than has this St. Croix bill. I can-
not see how any gentleman can consistently
oppose their passage while voting for this bill.
The St. Cioix road for a portion of its
length runs through a well-settled country,
dotted with numerous towns and villages. To
build a road in such a region requires no
aid from the Government. The railroad com-
pany practically admit this, for they have in
the past year constructed without a grant of
land twenty miles of the southern end of their
road, .knowing- there was enough local busi-
ness to make it a paying investment. The
northern portion of the road runs through a
country as yet but thinly peopled. It cannot,
however, be argued that the building of the
road is an urgent necessity to develop this
region, for there is already a railroad built by
the aid of a liberal appropriation of public
land, and is now in operation, running paral'el
to the St. Croix road along its whole length at
a distance varying from one to fifty-six miles.
The average distance between the two roads
is only twenty-eight miles. The road to which
1 refer is the Lake Superior and the Mississippi
railroad, running from St. Paul to Duluth.
A land grant of ten sections to the mile with
twenty mile limits was made to this road May 5,
1864. July 13, I860, Congress authorized the
company to make up any deficiency within
thirty miles of the west line of said road.
This road has already received eight hun-
dred thousand acres of valuable land. Were
it not for the State line the indemnity limits
of these two grants would lap nearly half the
way for the enure length of the road. As it is,
they do lap a short distance at its northern
terminus near Superior City.
No capitalists in the East would build anew
road within a few miles of an existing line,
running parallel with it, starting at a place
only fourteen miles from its starting point and
ending only one mile from its terminus, as does
this St. Croix road, unless the country were
so thickly settled as to afford an enormous
amount of business. There are few portions
of the eastern and middle States where this is
the case.
It is evident that no such condition exists
in western Wisconsin. The real object of the
railroad company, in my opinion, is not to
make a profitable investment of their money
in a railroad, but t.o obtain possession of the
valuable pine lands, and to hold them as spec-
ulators until they are of such value that they
could afford to give away or abandon the
road and still make fortunes from the sales
of the land and timber. There is no imme-
diate need of this St. Croix road beyond the
point to which it will be built without a grant
of land, and when the wants of the country
along the remainder of the line require and
