1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
Laws of the United States.
4 2d Cong.... 2d Sess.
Skc. 2. That said section of land shall, for I
the purpose named in the first section of this I
act, be subject to occupancy and control by j
the board ot trustee* of said city of Cheyenne, 1
and their successors iri office: Provided, That
if at any time the said board of trustees shall 1
occupy, or permit to be occupied, said laud !
for any purpose not contemplated by this act, i
or shall fail for the period of two years to
commence the use of it for said purpose, or
shall abandon the same, the said land shall
revert to the United States: Provided further,
That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed or have the effect to impair the
rights of any person in or to any portion of
said lands, acquired under any law of the
United States.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Ch vp. CC V.—An Act relating to certain Lands
in the Siate of Alabama. !
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the lands here-
tofore certified to the Slate of Alabama by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for
the benefit of the railroad from Selma to Gads-
den, then known as the Alabama and Tennes-
see River railroad, under act of Congress, en-
titled "An act granting public lands in alter-
nate sections to the State of Alabama to aid
m the construction of certain railroads," ap-
proved June third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, be, and the same are hereby, confirmed
to the said State of Alabama for the sole use
and benefit of the Selma, Rome, and Dalton
Railroad Company, the successors of the said
Alabama and Tennessee Railroad Company.
Skc. 2. That the right of way and use of a
strip of land one hundred feet in width from
the centre and on each side of the said rail-
road, as the same is now located and con-
structed. upon and over any lands of the Uni-
ted Slates m the State of Alabama, be, and
the same is hereby, granted to the said Selma,
Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCVI.—An Act to provide Homes for
the Pottawatomie and Absentee Shawnee
Indians in the Indian lerntory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot'the
intenor be, and hois hereby, authorized and
directed to issue certificates by which allot-
ments of land lying within the thirty-mile
square tract heretofore selected for the Pot-
tawatomie Indians, and lying next west of the
Seminole reservation in the Indian territory,
shall be made to each member of the Potta-
watomie band, known as the Pottawatomie
citizen band, as follows, viz, to each head ot
a family, and to each other member twenty-
one years of age, not more than one quarter
section, and to each minor of the tribe not
more than eighty acres; and such allotments
shall be made to include, as far as may be
practicable for each family, the improvements
which they may have made. Certificates of
such allotments shall be made in severalty,
specifying the names of individuals to whom
they have been assigned, and that said tracts
are set apart for the exclusive and perpetual
use and benefit of such assignees and their
heirs. Until otherwise provided by law such
tracts shall be exempt from levy, taxation, or
sale, and shall be alienable m fee, or leased
or otherwise disposed of only to the Lnited
Staies, or to persons of Indian blood, lawiullv
residing within said territory with permission
ot the President and under such regulations
as the .Secretary of the Interior shall prescribe:
i'lovtded, That such allotments shall be made
to such ot the above-described persons as have
resided or shall hereafter reside three years
continuously on such reservation, and that
the cost of such lands to the United States
shall be paid from any fund now held, or which
may be hereafter held by the United States for
the benefit of such Indians, and charged as a
part of their distributive share, or shall be
paid for by said Indians before such certifi-
cates are issued: Provided, Said Pottawat-
omie Indians shall neither acquire nor exer-
cise under the laws of the United States any
rights or privileges in said Indian territory,
other than those enjoyed by the members of
the Indian tribes lawfully residing therein.
And for the protection of the rights of persons
and property among themselves, they may en-
force the laws and usages heretofore enforced
among them as an Indian tribe, not inconsist-
ent with the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, and shall be entitled to equitable
representation in the general territorial coun-
cil, and subject to the general laws wbich it
may legally enact.
Sec. 2. When it shall be shown to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the Interior that
any Indian of pure or mixed blood of the
absentee Shawnees, being a head of a family,
or a person over twenty-one years of age, has
resided, continuously, for the term of three
years within the thirty-mile square tract lying
west of the Seminole reservation in the Indian
territory, and has made substantial improve-
ments thereon, it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to issue to said Indiana
certificate of allotment for eighty acres of
land, to include, so far as may be practicable,
his or her improvements, together with an
addition of twenty acres for each child under
twenty-one years of age belonging to the
family of said Indian, which certificate shall
include the same provisions as are included in
the certificates of' allotments of lands to be
issued under the provisions of the first section
of this act.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCVTI.—An Act to authorize the Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change their projected Line of Railway
iu the State of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Chicago and
Northwestern Railway Company are hereby
authorized to change and relocate that part of
their projected line of railway '' from the
city of Fond du Lac. in the State of Wiscon-
sin, northerly to Esconaba, iu the State of
Michigan," which lies in said State of Mich-
igan, so as to run said line from •' at or near
the mouth of the Menomouee river to Esco-
naba," on such line within the limits of the
land grant reserved for the use of said com-
pany, now on file in the office of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, as they
may deem most advantageous, and shall cause
a plat of their line, as relocated, to be filed in
said office within six months of the passage
of this act: Provided, That the grant of' lands
heretofore made to aid in the construction of
said railroad shall not be increased or changed
in any respect whatever by the change of line
hereby authorized.
Approved, May 23. 1872.
Chap. CCXI1L— An Act to authorize the Con-
struction of a Bridge, and to establish the
same as a Post Road.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful
for any person or persons, company or cor-
poration, having authority from the States of
fowa anil Illinois, to build a bridge across the
Mississippi river at Fort Madison, Iowa, and
to lay on or over said bridge railway tracks,
for the more perfect connection of any rail-
roads that are or shall be constructed to the
said river at or opposite said point, under the
limitations and conditions hereinafter pro-
vided ; that said bridge shall not interfere
with the free navigation of said river beyond
what is necessary in order to carry into effect
the rights and privileges hereby granted; and
in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the free
navigation of said river, the cause may be
tried before the district court of the United
States of any State in which any portion of
said obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. 2. That any bridge built under the
provisions of this act may, at the option of
the company building the same, be built
either as a pivot draw-bridge, with a pivot
or other form of draw, or with unbroken or
continuous spans : Piovided, That if the said
bridge shall be made with unbroken and con-
tinuous spans, it shall not be of less elevation
in any case than fifty feet above high-water
mark, as understood at the point of location,
to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall
the spans of said bridge be less than two hun-
dred and fifty feet in length ; and the piers
of said bridge shall be parallel with the cur-
rent of fhe river, and the main span shall be
over the main channel of the river, and not
less than three hundred feet iu length: And
provided also, That if any bridge built under
this act shall be constructed as a pivot draw-
bridge, the same shall be constructed with a
draw over the main channel of the river at an
accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet in
length in the clear on each side of the central
or pivot pier of the draw, and the next ad-
joining spans to the draw shall not be less than
two hundred and fifty feet, if the proper loca-
tion of the draw over the channel will admit
spans of this width between it and the
shore, and said spans shall not be less than
thirty feet above low-water mark and not less
than ten above extreme high-water mark,
measuring to the bottom chord of the bridge :
and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
with the current of the river where said bridge
may be erected : And provided also, That said
draw shall be opened promptly, upon reason-
able signal, for the passage of boats, and in
no ease shall unnecessary delay occur in open-
ing the said draw during or after the passage
of trains.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be known and
recognized as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid for their transporta-
tion over the railroads or public highways lead-
ing to the said bridge ; and the United States
shall have the right of way for postal-telegraph
purposes across said bridge.
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge shall have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage
of the same and in the use of the machinery
and fixtures thereof and of all the approaches
thereto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, upon hearing the allegations and proofs
of the parties in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 5. That the structure herein authorized
shall be built and located under and subject to
such regulations for the security of navigation
of said river as tbe Secretary of War shall pre-
scribe ; and to secure that object the said
person or persons, company or corporation,
shall submit to the Secretary of War, for his
examination and approval, a design and draw-
ings of the liridge and piers, and a map of the
