1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
policy, thus adopted and established by the
Democratic party, lias been in some cases sinee
followed by later legislation under Republican
auspices.
Mr. HOAR. Then the gentleman admits
that this bill is precisely in the line of the
policy of the Democratic party in its better
days.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, this bill is pre-
cisely out of the line of the Democratic policy,
and of the conduct of the Democratic party in
the past, and it is precisely in the line of the
present and past policy of the Republican
party toward the, States of this Union, as I
will now proceed to show.
And this brings me to my first ground of
objection to the bill as it is introduced by
the committee; and it is, that the condition
on which the States of this Union can alone
enjoy the advantages of this bill is unjust,
onerous, and cruel, and discriminates out-
rageously against the very States that most
need the aid of the Federal Government,
and compliance with it is simply impossible
for some of the States of this Union. That
condition is, that before any State shall have
the advantage of this bill its Legislature shall
have engaged that it will provide by law for
the free education of all its children between
the ages of six and sixteen years, and shall
have actually established and put into prac-
tical operation such a system. This is the
obvious import and effect of the language of
this bill. Is it right?
Now, it must be remembered by gentlemen
of this House, as it will be by the country,
that many of the States in the South, lately in
rebellion, have been, by numerous causes,
deplorably impoverished, first, by the war,
and then more cruelly and effectively by ear-
pet-baggery, that pestiferous offspring of Rad i-
calism ; and that to go to th'em now, with this
kind of a condition, and to say that before they
shall enjoy the mere pittance this bill pro-
poses to give them, they shall first impose upon
themselves a herculean burden, impossible to
be borne by people already crushed to the
very earth by oppressive and dishonest taxe3,
infamous partisan exactions, and millious of
public debts imposed upon them by Repub-
lican rings, robbers, and scoundrels; now, I
say, to go to them with such a condition as
this is unmanly, ungenerous, and unjust; but it
is exactly in keeping with the conduct of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
His State can readily comply with these con-
ditions, and so could mine, but not so with
many others in the South and West.
Besides, when you run this bill out into
its practical results, you will find that on the
part of many of the States it would require a
very extensive change in their present systems
of school organization and administration.
The actual policy of the bill appears to be, to
impose conditions which more or less speed-
ily and effectively bring the whole business of
education under, the control and supervision
of partisan Federal agents and officers here.
Let any gentleman with his pencil by a few
figures determine how much any one State
in this Union would get under the provisions
of this bill, and he will find that it wiil be
the merest trifle, a mere bagatelle, compared
with tbe gross sum necessary to establish and
maintain a system of complete free education,
such as this bill compels the States to estab-
lish and maintain before they shall have the
benefit of this bill. Now, 1 say to gentlemen
of this House, to the chairman of this com-
mittee, who sits near me, [Mr. Perce,] if you
are sincere in your desire to aid education m
the South, and would make your aid substan-
tial and effective, why not give the proceeds
of the sales of these lands directly, freely, and
at once to the States, upon the sole and hon-
est, condition that they shallhold and admin-
ister them as a sacred fund in the interest oi
education?
That is what the Democratic party did. lhat
is Democratic policy—a policy which recog-
nizes the equality and brotherhood of the States
of this Union, and fitly evinces the interest of
the Congress in the promotion of education
everywhere throughout our country. I am in
favor of such a policy as that, and for such a
bill I hold myself ready to vote. Congress
may legally impose such a reasonable and
proper condition. The States would grate-
fully accept the benefaction, and faithfully and
wisely administer the trust in accordance with
their respective institutions and laws. But the
cruel terms on which you offer them this aid
require them, in many States, first to do im-
possible things, to achieve results, excellent in
themselves, but which can only be accomplished
after the lapse of time, the reestablishment of
general prosperity, and the efforts of many
years.
But I have another objection to this bill, and
that is that the provisions of the bill, when they
are practically applied to the enforcement ot
the system which the bill proposes to establish
in the country, will require to be established,
all over the country, free public schools, which
shall also be mixed public schools, in which
all the children of the respective school dis-
tricts, without reference to color or race, shall
be entitled to go, and receive a free education.
Now, I am as much in favor as any man on
this floor of giving free and equal education to
all the children of the country; but I am not
in favor of that miserable and unnatural sys-
tem which would curse both races by forcing
them into daily association in the tender years
of infancy, dnring the acquirement of educa-
tion. I am willing the races shall work out
their destinies in parallel lines, enjoying the
same rights; but I protest forever against mon-
grel schools, forced association, and resulting
demoralization to my own race. I think the
design of this bill is in part, and its language
will bear that construction, to supply a pretext
and afford an opportunity to the Federal au-
thorities to interpose and demand the enforce-
ment of this principle.
I have another objection to this bill, and
that is based upon the ground so well covered
by my friend from Kentucky [Mr. McHesry]
a few moments ago, that it is intended by its
practical operations to transfer the local con-
trol of the educational systems of this country
from the rightful keeping and hands of the
people of the States, and give it to the Con-
gress of the United States. That is a funda-
mental objection,that should control this House
forever against the enactment of such a law.
Any system of public education, to be effect-
ive and to accomplish in a free representative
government all its beneficent advantages and
results, should be left in the control of the
States of the Union, to be administered by
them, to be adapted to their local conditions,
to be managed in their smallest sub-divisions
by their own citizens. _ •
If you want to give anything out of the
Treasury of the United States to these States
to aid them in the advancement of this great
interest, then I pray you put your hands into
the general pocket, and give that benefaction
at once. Treat them, however, as coequals in
the Union, as honest people having a common
interest with you in all that pertains to the
general welfare, and, mv word for it, the inter-
est of education would be infinitely better
managed and more rapidly developed all over
the country than it will ever be through the
asenev of an educational head established
here, sending out its autocratic power all
through the country, overriding the rightiut
jurisdiction of the States, and stifling the gen-
erous growth of individuality by centralization.
When you come, Mr. Speaker, to look at
the last two sections of this bill, it becomes
impressively clear that the logical effect ot it
will unquestionably be to transter the mtiinate
control of education in the country to Federal
tribunals. It is provided in the eleventh sec-
tion of the bill that, upon certain violations
of the conditions contained in this bill, the
persons so violating them—
Shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and, upon con-
viction thereof, shall be punished by fine in double
the amount so misapplied, misappropriated, squan-
dered, or embezzled, or by imprisonment not less
than one nor more than three years, or by both such
fine and imprisonment, in the discretion of the
court.
And the concluding section declares—
That the circuit courts of the United States shall
havo exclusive jurisdiction of all offenses committed
against the provisions of this act, and—
Mark this—
shall have power and authority by the proper writ
to compel the performance of the duties herein
required by any officcr herein mentioned, and to
restrain any undue and improper performance of
such duties.
Those Federal judicial tribunals are to ex-
ercise jurisdiction over the subordinate minis-
terial officers of a State, and to direct them
how they shall perform their duties, thus of
course taking them at once fronfi the control
of the local tribunals to the same extent to
which the Federal courts may exercise juris
diction; for if the latter have any power it
must, in the very nature of our institutions, be
an exclusive power.
To all this system I object. Let us do what
ever we may, Mr. Speaker, to advance the
interests of education throughout our countrr
by a fair, magnanimous, and generous dedi
cation of the proceeds of the public lands
directly to the States, leaving them to be con
trolled and administered by the States undei
the single pledge that they shall always ba
dedicated to the interests of education, an^
sacredly administered in those interests alone
This policy would be fair, honorable to all
consistent with the spirit of our institutions,
generous and manly, and it would greatly con
tribute to the restoration of fraternal relations
among the States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
committee clekks.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the select Committee on tht
Reorganization of the Civil Service a bill (H.
R. No. 1341) to regulate the employment ant*
compensation of clerks of the committees of
the House of Representatives ; which was rear"
a first and second time, ordered to_be printed
and recommitted.
educational fund.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. I now
yield ten minutes to the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Bird.]
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, in addition tc
the objections which have already been urgec
against this bill, I wish to call the attentioi
ofthe House to one further consideration. It
order to make it manifest that it is the inten
tion of those who have suggested and framed
the bill to concentrate a vast amount of addi
tional power in the hands Gf the Federal Gov
eminent, yea, in the hands of one individual
I call attention to the language of the eight!'
section:
That on or before the 1st day of September ic
each year the Commissioner of Education shall cer
tify to the Secretary of the Treasury as to each btate
Territory, and District, whether it is entitled to re
ceive its share of the apportionment under this act,
and the amount of such share, which shall there-
upon be entitled to receive the same.
It will be observed that this provision places
in the hands of a single officer, the Commis-
sioner of Education, absolute and entire con-
trol of this fund, only to be controlled by sub-
sequent legislation. It is for him to say whether
New Jersey and South Carolina or any other
State has complied with tbe conditions pre-
viously expressed in the bill so as to entitle
the State to the benefits intended by the bill.
Are we prepared to sanction any such legis a-
tion as this—any such concentration of power /
Is there any possible warrant lor it in tne
Constitution? Have we any precedent for it
ill any other legislative act? Has either party
Democratic or Republican, at any time passed
