740
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 28,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States,
location, giving, for the space of at least one
mile above and one mile below the proposed
location, the topography of the banks of the
river, the shore lines at high and low water,
the direction and strength of the currents at
all stages, and the soundings accurately show-
ing the bed of the stream, the location of any
other bridge or bridges, and shall furnish such
other information as may be required for a fall
and satisfactory understanding of the subject;
and until the said plan and location of the bridge
are approved by the Secretary of War, the
bridge shall not be built; and if any change
be made in the plan of construction of said
bridge during the progress of the work thereon,
or before the completion of said bridge, such
ehange shall be subject to the approval of the
Secretary of War ; and the said structure shall
be at all times so kept and managed as to offer
reasonable and proper means for the passage
of vessels through or under said structure ; and
the said structure shall be changed at the cost
'and expense of the owners thereof, from time
to time, as Congress may direct, so as to pre-
serve the free and convenient navigation of
aaid river. And the authority to erect and
continue said bridge shall be subject to revoca-
tion or modification by law whenever the pub-
lic good shall, in the judgment of Congress, so
require, without any expense or charge to the
United States.
Seo. 6. That the right to alter oramend this
act, so as to prevent or remove all material
obstruclions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of bridges, without expense
to the United States, is hereby expressly re-
served.
ArrROVED, May 25, 1872.
Chap. CCXVIII.—An Act to provide for
the Abatement or Repayment of Taxes on
Distilled Spirits in Bond, destroyed by
Casualty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized,
upon the production of satisfactory proof to
him of the actual destruction by accidental
fire or other casualty, and without any fraud,
collusion, or negligence of the owner thereof,
of any distilled spirits on which the tax at the
time of the destruction of said spirits had not
been paid and while the same remained in the
custody of any officer of internal revenue in
any distillery warehouse or bonded warehouse
of the United States, to abate the amount of
internal revenue taxes accruing thereon, and
to cancel any warehouse bond, or enter satis-
faction thereon, in whole or in parr, as the case
may be; and if such taxes have been col-
lected since the destruction of said spirits,
then the Secretary of the Treasury shall refund
tlie same to the owners thereof out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec, 2. That this act shall take effect in all
cases of loss or destruction of distilled spirits
as aforesaid which have occurred since the
first day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eig}it: Provided,, however, That when the
owners of such distilled spirits, so destroyed
as aforesaid, may be indemnified against said
tax by a valid claim of insurance, said tax
shall not be remitted to the extent of such
insurance.
Approved,
May 27, 1872.
Chap. CCXIX.—An Act to authorize the
Secietary of War to accept the Peninsula
in Lake Erie, opposite the Harbor of Erie,
in the Stare of Pennsylvania.
Bell enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives vf the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and em-
powered to receive and accept from the Marine
Hospital of Pennsylvania, a corporation duly
incorporated by the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania, the title to a piece orparcel of land,
being the peninsula lying to the northward of
and inclosing the Bay of Presque Isle, and
containing two thousand and twenty four acres,
more or less, to be lield by the Government
of the United States for the protection of the
harbor of Erie: Provided, That the deed con-
veying the same shall not be received or ac-
cepted until the title to the same is complete
and indefeasible, nor unless the acceptance
thereof shall be recommended by a board of
officers of the corps of engineers appointed
by the President.
Approved, May 27, 1872.
Chap. CCXX.—An Act in relation to the
Dakota Southern Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act passed by
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
DakoLa, and approved by the Governor on the
twenty first day of April, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, entitled "An act to enable
organized counties and townships to vote aid
to any railroad, and to provide for the pay-
ment of the same," be, and the same is hereby,
disapproved and annulled, except in so far as
is herein otherwise provided. But the pas-
sage of this act shall not invalidate or impair
the organization of the company heretofore
organized for the construction of the Dakota
Southern railroad, leading from Sioux City,
Iowa, by way of Yankton, the capital of said
Territory, to the west line of Bon Homme
county, or any vote that has been or may be
given by the counties of Union, Clay, Yank-
ton, and Bon Homme, or any township grant-
ing aid to said railroad, or any subscription
thereto, or any thing authorized by, and that
may have been done in pursuance of, the pro-
visions of the aforesaid act of the Legislative
Assembly of said Territory toward the con-
struction and completion of said railroad ; and
the said Dakota Southern Railroad Company,
as organized under and in conformity to the
acts of the Legislative Assembly of said Ter-
ritory, is hereby recognized and declared to
be a legal and valid corporation ; and the pro-
visions of the act of said Legislative Assem-
bly first aforesaid, so faras the same authorize,
and for the purpose of validating any vote of
aid and subscriptions to said company for the
construction, completion, and equipment of
the main stem of said railroad, between the
termini aforesaid, are hereby declared to be
and remain in full force, but no further, and
for no other purpose whatsoever.
Sec. 2. That for the purpose of enabling
the said Dakota Southern Railroad Company
to construct its said road through the public
lands between the termini aforesaid, the right
of way through the said public lands is hereby
granted to said company to the extent of one
hundred feet in width on each side of said
road: Provided, That nothing in this act shall
relieve said Dakota Southern Railroad Com-
pany from constructing and completing said
railroad in accordance with the conditions
and stipulations under which the citizens of
the counties therein named voted aid to said
railroad in accordance with the laws of said
Territory, approved April twenty lirst, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one: Provided fur-
ther, That said Dakota Southern Railroad
Company shall issue, to the respective coun-
ties and townships voting aid to said ruilroad,
paid up certificates of stock in the same in
amounts equal to the sums voted by the
respective counties and townships.
Approved, May 27, 1872.
Chap. CCXXI.—An Act to change the Name
of the Schooner La Pette to La Peiite.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the name of the
schooner La Pette, of Huron, Brie county,
State of Ohio, be, and is hereby, changed
from its present name t,o that of La Petite.
Approved, May 27, 1372.
Chap. CCXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
certain Officers of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in conformity with
and to carry into effect the recommendation
and conclusions of the board of officers organ-
ized in pursuance of the "resolution for the
relief of certain officers of the Navy," ap-
proved July first, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to restore
Commodore Joseph F. Gieen to his original
position on the Navy list, next below Rear
Admiral Boggs; to promote Commodore John
DeCamp to his original relative position as a
rear admiral on the retired list; to promote
Commodore Charles W. Pickering to the grade
of commodore on the retired list, with the
retired pay of his advanced rank; to advance
Captain Egbert Thompson in rank next below
Captain Thomas G. Corbin; to promote Com-
mander Samuel R. Franklin to take rank next
after Commander James S. Thornton; to re-
stoie Commander Edward Y. McCauley to
his original rank, next after Commander W.
D. Whiting; to restore Commandeis John H.
Russell, A. W. Johnson, P. C. Johnson, John
Watters, A. E. K. Benham, Austin Petider-
grast, and W. P. MeCann, respectively, to their
original places on the Navy list.
Approved, May 28, 1872.
Chap. CCXXVII.—An Act to restore Lazarus
L. Rearney to the Navy of the United States
as a Midshipman.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
Uni<ed Statesbe, and he is hereby, authorized,
if m his opinion the good of the service will
be promoted thereby, to restore Lazarus L.
Reamey to the Navy of the United Sta'es as a
midshipman at the foot of the class of eighteen
hundred and seventy, of which he was a
member at the time of his resignation.
Approved, May 28, 1872.
Chap. CCXXVIII.—An Act to provide for
furnishing Trusses to disabled Soldiers.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every soldier of the
Union Army who was ruptured while in the
line of duty, during the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, shall be entitled to
receive a single or double truss of such style
as may be designated by the Surgeon General
of the United States Army as the bestsuiied for
such disability.
Sec. 2. That application for such truss shall
be made by the ruptured soldier to an examin-
ing surgeon for pen.--ions, whose duty it shall
be to examine such applicant, and for every
such applicant found to have a rupture or
hernia, shall prepare and forward to the Sur-
geon General an application for such truss,
without charge to the soldier.
Sec. 3. That the Surgeon General of the
United States Army 13 hereby authorized and
directed to purchase and procure the number
of trusses which may be required for distribu-
tion to such disabled soldiers, at a price not
