2584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
want to know where I can find that in the
books.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yon will find it
in the Globe to-morrow morning.
, Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
tlie only book in which it could be found.
Mr. GrARBTELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will find that my statement is veritable history.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we are told that our pub-
lic service is now as good as any in the world.
The President says in his first message which
relates to this subject, that " the present sys
tem does not secure the best men, and often
not even fit men for public place." That is
what the President of the United Stales says
to the gentlemen who oppose civil service re-
form, and who say that this system is so good
that nothing more is needed.
Next comes the plea for party and its neces-
sities. Our party, the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] tell^us, has done glori-
ously in the past. I agree with him in this,
and there are few things that gentleman says
in which I do not agree with him. But he
goes on to say that our party is doing its work
well, and had better not be disturbed by meas-
ures of this sort. Other gentlemen have inti-
mated that no party could live iu this country
without the use of the patronage to keep it in
power. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Snapi'J boldly told us that theonly way we ever
elected Presidents was by letting his supiport-
ers understand that they were to enjoy the spoils
of office as a reward ot success. Mr. Speaker,
the history of the country and its parties teaclies
mo a different lesson. The best and noblest
reforms and revolutions in the public senti-
ment of this country have been achieved by the
people with patronage, power, and the spoils
of office against them, and where not one in a
hundred of the successful expected any other
reward than the triumph of the principle they
advocated. In such conflicts our noblest tri-
umphs have been achieved. But, sir, if we
are to look at mure party stieeess, I would
still say that a reform in our civil service is fast
becoming a demand of our time which no party
Can afford to ignore.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] tells us we got along well in our war;
that the paymasters settled our accounts so
well that we stood preeminently above Eng-
land in her settlements during the Crimean
war. Our paymasters did well; and why?
Because we had a system of service by which
every oliicer was held to a strict accountability,
a system under which we do not remove an
officer from otlice upon the demand of any poli-
tician who may want his place. Our Navy
and our Army both belong to that class of ser-
vice which is the poles apart from the kind of
service to which this measure relates.
Mr. SAllGENT, Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. G ARFIELD of Ohio. I cannot. There
is no great and eminently successful depart-
ment of this Government which has not been
made sp by being taken out of the ordinary
channels of political management. Is there a
man here who would be willing to turn the Coast
Survey service over to the fate of our ordinary
civil service'/ In that bureau we have a sys-
tem of promotion by merit, which has given
us those distinguished and noble men who in
that service have crowned the nation with
honor. So with the Light-House Board ; and
so with all the branches of our service which
have really been an honor to human nature,
and a glory to the nation itself. It is because
we wisli to lift other departments to a simi-
larly high plane that we ask the power of Con-
gress to some measure of civil service reform.
I wish to pass to another point. Gentlemen
who advocate the purity of our civil service
say that it is now doing well and needs no re-
form. 1 ask those gentlemen what they think
of the system of political assessments ? I ask
them wuttf they think of tiie cullectorof a great
port or chief of any great branch of the ser-
vice issuing a circular calling for one, two, or
three per cent, of the salaries of all the em-
ployes under his control lo be used for party
purposes with the distinct understanding that
unless they paid that per cent, upon their
salaries others will be found to fill their places
who will pay the assessment? I call the atten-
tion of gentlemen around me to that shameful
fact that prevails all through our service, and
which has prevailed for the last twenty-five
years. And I call their attention to the honor-
able fact that in this very executive order, pub-
lished two mornings ago, which has met such
a contemptuous reception in this House, the
President of the United States says:
"Political assessments, as they are called, are for-
bidden in all the Departments of the civil service
of the United States."
There is an executive order forbidding po-
litical assessments, and yet gentlemen around
me do not want this order of the President to
prevail because the practice which it condemns
affords a large so-called electioneering fund,
which in many cases never gets beyond the
pockets of the shysters, the hangers-on, and
the mere camp-followers of the party.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a word
in another direction. During the debate of
last week, and also of yesterday, insinuations
were made alfi.-cling the motives of public
officers and members which 1 do not propose
to pass over in silence. We were told m very
plain language that this civil service business
was a trick of some people who did not like
the President, and who want to get up a hos-
tile movement at Cincinnati, and that the
President has been caught m a trap spread
for him by Congress at the instigation of his
enemies.
" Mark now, how a plain tale shall put you clown."
Iu speaking of the history of this movement
yesterday, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] said it began in the Senate on
an amendment put on to an appropriation
bill, and that it came over here and was
passed in the last hoursof the session, far into
the morning, and being thus forced upon the
President he was compelled to take the action
he did take. I answer by the plain facts of the
case, that the measure originated not in the
Senate on the night of March 4, 1871, but in
the President's messageof December 5, 1870,
where these words are used :
" Irespectfulty call your attention to one abuse of
long standing, whu h £ would like to son remedied
by this Congress, it is a reform in the civil service
ol' the country."
That was four months before the amend-
ment of which the gentleman speaks was put
on in the Senate. In obedience to the re-
quest of the President,, on the 4th of March,
1871, the amendment was put on, authorizing_
the President to devise some means for the
regulation of the public service.
Mr. BANKS. What was the "abuse" re-
ferred to by the President?
Mr. GAliFIELD, of Ohio. The state of
the civil service. Then, ten months after the
law had been passed, in obedience to the Pres-
ident's recommendation, a message came to
us from the President, bearing date December
19, 1871, forwarding the report of the com-
missioners, and paying:
"I ask for at! the strength whieh Congress ean
give me to enable, me to carry out reforms of the
civil service recommended by tlie commissioners,
and adopted, to take effect on the 1st of January,
1872."
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague will notice
that the President reserves to himself the right
to amend the rules.
Mr. GAHF1H1LD, of Ohio. Certainly, he
reserves to himself the right to amend the
lules. And now, on the 16th of April, 1872,
lie sends us an executive order with a body
of rules which the experience of several
months more has enabled lnm to present in
an amended form; and he calls upon Con-
gress to support him in carrying these rules
into effect-
Now, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] yesterday took upon himself to
repeat what he had said last week about this
trick by which the President of the United
States had been entrapped into the civil ser-
vice net. And furthermore, turning directly
to myself, he made the remark that if he were
chairman of the leading committee of the
House he would endeavor to support the Presi-
dent of the United States in that matter, and
not be, as he intimated several times in the
course of his speech, the President's enemy in
regard to this subject. Thereupon I asked the
gentleman a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, Will the
gentleman first allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it true,
as I see stated here in the Tribune, that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
refuses to indorse the Administration ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do riot pro-
pose to be marched out over anybody's race
course at the gentleman's bidding.
Mr. BUTLElt, of Massachusetts. I should
take a very different horse when in want of a
racer. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have the same
paper to which the gentleman refers, and it
says that the entire Massachusetts delegation
did not sign that dispatch.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
am ready to deny that assertion, l'or it is a lie.
Can the gentleman make the same denial?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I call for order;
these interruptions are intolerable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that I
have a tew more words to address to him oil
this question.
Now, it was clear to my mind that in the
debate yesterday the gentleman pretended to
speak by authority, and to represent that this
civil service reform movement was thrust upon
an unwilling President, and that those of us
wha advocate it were enemies of the Admin-
istration.
Now, I have recounted biiefly the stages by
which we reached the present situation in
regard to this civil service question. I have
shown you that it was begun by the President,
that it has been followed up by the President,
that he has asked the help of Congress in car-
rying it out; but to make myself doubly sure
I called on the President last evening, with
one of my colleagues, and conversed with him
upon the matter of civil service reform, and I
have the liberty to say 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Make your point
of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that the utterances of the Presi-
dent of the United States, except when bi ought
here in the form of messages, cannot be
brought in here to influence congressional
legislation.
Mr. COX. Oh they will not make much
impression here. The gentleman need not be
alarmed. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. I made
the point of order because the gentleman was
about to state what the President had said to
him.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair cannot rule
on what the gentleman was about to say.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The rule to
which the gentleman from Massachusetts re-
fers will not apply here. The gentleman
forgets that this is not the criminal court of
Middlesex.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, it is
not, for there is some propriety and decorum
m a criminal court. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 had hoped
there would be some here also. [Laughter.]
