1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2585
I desire to say to the House that from all the
means of information at my command I am
clearly of opinion that in all this matter of
civil service reform the President has been
not only sincere, but deeply in earnest. Every
message he has sent on the subject makes me
sure that it is so, and nothing that I have ever
heard from him detracts from that assurance.
The SPEAKER. The point of order was
made yesterday by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] and again to-dav by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.] The Chair regards it as an indecorum
to refer in any manner to conversations with
the President of the United States with a view
to influence the action of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now do
you not wish it was a criminal court, where
you could avoid that ruling? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 call the Speak-
er's attention, with all respect, to the fact that
I have not given the conversation, but have
stated my own opinions  
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
woraing of it in that way will not avoid the
rule or relieve it from the operation of the
rule. The Chair only ruled in the matter
because his attention had twice been called to
it by members ; he rather waived it, because
he is never anxious to obtrude rulings. The
gentleman's statement of the impression made
on his mind by a conversation with the Presi-
dent was bringing into the free and independ-
ent counsels of the Representatives of the peo-
ple the opinions of the Executive, which can
only be brought here through the regular
channels.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If anything I
have said has led me close upon the borders
of parliamentary propriety, it has been because
the insinuation was made here, in a manner
quite unparalleled in the experience I have
had on this floor, that those who defend
civil service reform are doing it as antagonists
of the Chief Magistrate of the nation. I thought
it was as orderly to do justice to the President
as to do him injustice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call the
gentleman to order. He misstates me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That ia not a
point of order.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. I said that
the enemies of the President were the friends
of civil service reform. I did not say that all
the friends of civil service reform were enemies
of the President.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Will my colleague
allow me to ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts a question?
Mr. GARfc'JELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I ask the gentleman
if he did not say in his remarks yesterday that
any member advocating civil sevice reform here
had need of a certificate that he was not going
to the Cincinnati convention?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, I said
so, and £ tried to get a certificate from the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] a minute
ago. but he will not give me one.
"Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that the gentleman has never yet been appointed
the keeper of my political conscience.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
knew you had any. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentle-
man's status in that respect needs no discus-
sion. But I desire to say, as the sum of all
that I wisti to offer to the House on this sub-
ject, that we have now reached a point in this
legislation where, in my judgment, one thing
is absolutely necessary ; that is, that the Con-
gress of the United States shall abdicate its
usurped and pretended right to dictate appoint-
ments to the chief Executive. Now, 1 am
not willing to go so far as the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr.wlllabd,] arid makeit a crim-
inal offense to make a recommendation to the
President, although I would remind my col-
league from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that we have
a law that does make it a criminal offense for
members of Congress to practice in the claims
departments of the Government.
Mr. BINGH AM. I would ask the attention
of my colleague [Mr. Garfield] to the fact
that that has nothing to do with the universal
right of the citizen which is involved in this
matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It has a great
deal to do with the universal right of a lawyer
to take a case and receive a fee for it, and is
quite a parallel case.
Let us show our willingness to aid the Pres-
ident in this matter by removing the great
pressure of congressional solicitations, and
then hold him responsible for the- manner in
which he discharges his duties.
Mr. BINGHAM. You regulate the admis-
sion of lawyers to all your courts, and every-
body knows that that is not within the gentle-
man's guarantee. I understand the gentleman
and his logic too ; it has nothing to do with
this matter at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted upon
the pending bill. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that this bill aud pending amendments
be recommitted to the committee from which
it was reported.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. WILLARD. And upon that question
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 hope
the gentleman will withdraw that motion, and
let the House vote on the motion to recommit.
Mr. SARGENT. I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. COX. I would like the privilege of
saying a few words on this question, as we
have become confused by the discussion on
the other side.
Mr. SARGENT. If there is opportunity
allowed to reply, 1 will not object.
Mr. COX. Nearly all the time has been
occupied by gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. POLAND. At two o'clock to-day the
Committee for the District of Columbia are
entitled to the floor, and they have a great
deal of business to report.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to recommit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the committee will
have leave to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts, Mr. Bing-
ham and Mr. Shanks objected.
Mr. WILLARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 97, nays 79, not voting 64 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Averill, Banks, Barber,
Beck, Bigby,Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Botes,
Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Benjamin F. But ter. Rod-
erick R. Butter, William T.Clark, Freeman Cljrke,
Cohurn, Coghlan.Commgo.Conger.Critcher, Crocker,
Darrall, fie Large, Dickey, Donnan, Box, Uucll,Bun-
nell, Farwell, Golladay, Goodrich, llarmcr, ilnrper,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Hay.-.,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Ilazdton, Kendall,
Kerr, Ketcham, King, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing,
Ma.yn.ird, McJunkin, McKee.Merc-ur.Moore.Morey.
Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblack. Packer, Palmer,
Isaac C, Parker, Peck, Perce, Peters^ jPrindlo, Rainey,
Rusk, Sargent, Heoiiei'l, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slater, Slos^ John A. Smith,
Waddell, Walden, Wallace, Wheeler, Wtuteley,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and -lohn T. Wilson—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Austin Blair, James Brooks. Bulluiton,
Burchsrd, ISurdett, Cotton, Cox, OrosJ.ind, DuUosc,
Duke, Haines. Eldredgc. Ely, f arusworth, Pinkrln-
bur", Wiidel D. Poster, Frye, (iarfield. (iirrett, Oetss,
Griffith, lLildetnan, ifale, llalsey, Ilainbleton, Han-
cock. Handled, Hanks, ilay, liibbanl. Hoar, Hoi-
man, Ivelley. Lowe, Lynch, Mtwison, -Marshall, ivfe-
Oieliand, MoCorraick, MnOraiy, Molntyre, Merriam,
Monroe, Morphis, Orr, Packard, Hosea W. Parker,
Aaron P. Perry, Eli Perry, Poland, Potter, Price,
Read, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William It. Roberts,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood, Starkweather, bte-
vens, Stevenson, Storm, Strong, Sutherland, Swann,
Upson, Voorhees, Wakeman, Waldron, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Willard. and Young—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Barnum, Barry,
Bell, Beveridge, BigRs, George M. Brooks, Cald-
well, Campbell. Carroll. Cobb, Conner. Crebs. Creoly,
Davis, Dawes, Elliott, Forker, Charles Foster,Henry
D.Uoster, Ilawley,Hereford, Herniion, Rill, Hooper,
Ilough ton, Kellogg, KillinKer, JKinsella,, Leach. Lewis,
McOrcw, Mellonry, McKinney, McSfeely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Negloy, Pendleton,
Piatt, Porter, liandall, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
lliee, liobinson. Sawyer, Shellabarger, 81k,her, Slo-
cum, II, Boarilman Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stowell, St. John, Thomas, Dwight Towuseud, Tut-
hill, Vaughan, Walls, Warren, Williams of Indiana,
Williams of New York. Winchester, and Wood—64.
So the bill and pending amendments were
recommitted.
During the roll-call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. Onthisques-
tion I am paired with the gentleman from
Ohio, Mr. Ambler, who, if present, would
vote "no," while I should vote "ay."
Mr. BI50K. My colleague, Mr. McHenry,
is detained from the House by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITBLEY. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent that the following amendment which I
had desired to offer to the bill just recommit-
ted be referred to the committee along with
the other amendments:
Strike out, all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert the following :
That the Federal offices in the several States and
Territories shall bo filled by oitiicns thereof, and
the appointments in thcDepartnients shall bo equit-
ably apportioned between the States and Territo-
ries composing the Union.
Sua. —. That nil laws or parts of laws in conflict
with the provisions of this act are horeby repealed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the proposed amendment will be
referred.
north uauotrna ciikiiokues.
Ou motion of Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations was
discharged from the further consideration of a
communication from the Secietary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting an estimate of an appropri-
ation of $3,503 65, required to pay the amount
found due on account of expenses incurred by
the special agent to make payments of moneys
belonging to the eastern or North Carolina
Cherokees; aud the communication was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
damage to new york harbor.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was referred,
under the law, to the Committee on Printing:
Reialvp.il, That there bo printed for the use of the
House fivo hundred copies ol the report of the Coast
Survey ollice as to the damage done to th« harbor
of New York, including the chart of said harbor.
j,lection contust uovven vs. d1s large.
Mr. McCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, aud agreed to:
Ro.n'md, That the time for taking testimony in
the contcsted-election case of Bowen v#. De Largo
be, and the same is hereby, extended thirty days
from this date. ., ,
Jtew/vul. That the contestant in said ease may at
his option take testimony, in_ rebuttal only, during
ten da.vs immediately iollowing the expiration oi
said thirty days.
transit of vknus.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On behalf of
the Committee on Appropriations I ask unani-
mous consent to report for immediate action
the bill (S. No. 9G3) making an appropriation
for instruments to be used m observations upon
the transit of Venus m 1874.
The bill, which was read, appropriates,
out ot any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, §00,000, to be expended
under the direction of a commission, to b«
