1872.
fBt CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
798
been argued hare that this will operate as a
stimulus. Now, my experience has been 
Mr. HOAR. My question is whether he
is in fact familiar with the operations of the
Peabody fund.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, r have
not visited the southern States, and I cannot
speak, perhaps, with great accuracy as to their
present condition, or what effect the Peabody
fund may have had.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman does not under-
stand my question.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. My
experience has been that before you can in-
fluence the public mind to a great extent by
placing a small fund of money at its disposal
for educational purposes, you must first educate
the heart and the mind of the people. Edu-
cation is the result of local sentiment. You
must create a well-regulated public sentiment
before you can greatly benefit the people by
bestowing upon them funds.
Now, I do not know what the condition of
the public mind may be in the southern States
in regard to education, but from the argument
of thegentleman from Mississippi [Mr. PeroeJ
I infer that a large portion ot the people of
the South are opposed to education. If that
be true, I would say that' this small sum of
monpy placed at their disposal will work no
good; they must first be convinced of the bene-
ficial power ofeducation, and he had better
go home and instruct his people upon that
point before he asks for this small pittance.
Let them realize the great benefits of educa-
tion, and then any sum of money that we may
place at their disposal will be beneficial to
them.
1 do not know, however, that the gentleman
is right in what he says in relation to the senti-
ments of the South. I am heartily in favor
of aiding the southern States in the education
of their people. It is true they have had thrown
upon them a new element, an element lately
bound down by the chains of slavery, a people
now made citizens. We owe it to that people,
we owe it to ourselves, to do something for
their relief and their education, and if the
gentleman will brin;* forward a measure here
tOr the education of that people 1 will most
heartily indorse it, most heartily advocate it.
But. it would be a great hardship to impose
this burden upon the South. It was very ably
and very truly said by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that it would be impossi
ble for the southern States, situated as they
now are, to comply with the conditions of this
bill. Let us, tben, if we are in earnest, if we
believe what we say, if we wish to h-Jp these
people, come directly to the national Treasury
and ask for a certain sum of money which will
be reasonable, and which will be of some
benefit to these people and assist them.
Alii Mr. Speaker, there is another and an
ulterior object ivliich these gentlemen have
in forcing this measure. It is, as has been
said by gentlemen on this side of the House,
the commencement of a work which they
desire to accomplish. It is to gain the recog-
nition of a principle which I believe gpntle-
men on this side of the House generally do
not believe to be true, namely, that this Gov-
ernment has the right, in any ivay to interfere
with the domestic affairs of any of the States.
I wish gentlemen would plant themselves
upon a resolution which I hold in my hand,
and which was a part of the platform of the
Republican party in I860, at the convention
which nominated Mr. Lincoln. I think it is
pretty good Democratic doctrine, and I will
read it for the edification of gentlemen. If
it is their doctrine to-day, all right. It is as
follows:
"Unsolved, That the maintenance inviolate ofthe j
rights of thp States, and especially of the right of ;
each State to order and eoDtrol its own domestic in-
stitutions according to its own judgment exclusively,
is essential to that balance of power on.which the
perfection and endurance of our political fabric
uependa."
If the placing of a superintendent over our
common schools here at Washington, and then
punishing a State officer as a felon in the Fed-
eral courts, as such, for disobeying bis man-
dates, is not practically abolishing our school
system, what can do it? Let this principle be
admitted, and then carry it ont to its logical
conclusion, and all the domestic and internal
affairs of the States are surrendered to the
General Government. Then the gentleman
from Massachusetts will realize the froits of
his toil. These zealous people who advocate
such doctrines almost invariably, in their
endeavors to accomplish their objects, unite
their schemes with some universally popular
subject, and then condemn everybody who
refuses to take the whole dose. There are
many who would gladly accept the good and
the true which the proposition may contain,
but, as honest men, feel bound to discard the
evil. Thus it is with this bill. It contains
some propositions which meet my concur-
rence, and I would cheerfully give them my
support, but connected therewith are so many
evils and palpable violations of the Consti-
tntion that I cannot support it.
The bill permits Congress to take possession
of the State governments. Should we not
pause before taking any further step in that
direction? If it is thought best to make any
disposition of the proceeds of the public lands,
let it be done in such a manner as not to tram-
ple down or impair the rights of the several
States. Leave the funds in their hands, and
trust to the good sense and intelligence of the
people in making such a disposition of these
funds as they in their wisdom think will be
moat conducive to their highest interest.
Should it not be the policy of Government
to keep these lands as homesteads for actual
settlers, and not to encourage the disposal of
them for any other purpose?
It has been urged by some gentlemen that
if this bill passes and becomes a law it will
prevent any further schemes on the part of
corporations and moneyed powers from plun-
dering and grabbing any more of this sacred
inheritance. Could I be made to see the truth-
fulness of this argument, it would go far toward
inducing me to support this measure with its
many and serious objections. I think of two
evils I should choose the least. But how and
in what way will these nefarious schemes be
stopped by the passage of this bill? Certainly
not on account of the high regard which rail-
road corporations have for the subject of edu-
cation. If we judge the future by the past,
they will think of themselves first, last, aud
forever.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says the
public lands of the nation are the patrimony
of the people. This is very true, and being
the patrimony of the people, it is the right of
the people when these lands come back to
them in any way to dispose of them, and appro-
priate the proceeds arising from the same in
such a manner as they in their wisdom think
best.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
claim which the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Parker] makes for his patty, that
it io in favor of the education of the people,
reminds me of that very fervent temperance
man down East who was in favor of the
Maine liquor law but opposed,to its enforce-
ment. [Laughter.] The Democratic party
of this country were always loud in -their
professions of a desire for education, but they
always contrive to find some constitutional
difficulty in the way.
The gentleman challenges us to show where-
in tbey have been opposed to education. Had
he been on the floor ol this House in the last
Congress, he would have found the Demo-
cratic members going almost solidly agiinst
printing an increased number of the educa-
tional report ; and il he will carry his mind
back to that time he will find that they were
opposed to the plan of education that was
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar.] Herein this Congress we find
them already in solid column against this
effort of ours to distribute and disseminate in-
formation among the people. Tbey are strict
constructionists; they are tainted with that
old virus which brought about the rebellion.
They remind me of the. gentlemen of the
Democratic party of the olden time, who
were always troubled whenever anything was
brought forward that could not be found writ-
ten distinctly in the Constitution.
You perhaps remember, Mr. Speaker, [Mr.
Poland in the chair,] and if you do not it is
tradition, that some few years ago the Con-
gress of the United States thought it proper
to appropriate a small sum of money for the
purpose of purchasing the burying-ground now
in front of the Capitol. Tbey wanted a place
wherein to inter members of Congress and
other officials of the Government who might
die here in the discharge of their official duties.
The gentlemen of the Democratic party from
the southern States took up the Constitution
and read it from end to end, and not finding
there the phrase "burying-ground," or the
phrase "national cemetery," concluded that
it could not be within the purview of the Con-
stitution. The land was bought; it is out yon-
der now, and congressmen have been buried in
it. Soon after it was bought, however, one of
these strict constructionists fell sick at his
quarters. He sent for one of his colleagues
from the southern States, and when he had
entered bis room he said to him, "Jones,
look here; I am ill, very ill, and I think I am
going to die. Now these fellows around here
will want to bury me in the congressional
burying-ground; don't you let them do it, for
it'would be unconstitutional." [Laughter.]
So it is with these gentlemen; they are
afraid of everything; they are afraid that the
Constitution will be violated when we propose
to do aught in favor of the great interest of '
education. Thegentleman from Georgia [Mr.
McIntyre] opposed this bill the other day
because it was unconstitutional, and he has
prepared a substitute for it, whereby the whole
of the money that may be distributed to the
States may be given to them absolutely and
unconditionally. And he telis us with a
great deal of gratification and triumph that
down in the State of Georgia they have appro-
priated $300,000 for the educational interest
of the people of that State. I trust that that
may be so, and I hope that educational fund
will meet with a better fate than that other
educational fund which ten years ago the State
of Georgia appropriated for the benefit of
common schools. I would like to know what
became of it. That fund was aporopriated
by the State, and the interest of the money
was to go to educational purposes; but when
the superintendent of common schools made
his last report the greater portion of that
fund had been absorbed by the Sta'e, had
been appropriated to other and different pur-
poses, and the State superintendent reports
that there is ยง231,000 interest on that fund that
has been diverted by the State from its legiti-
mate uses.
Mr. Speaker, I am perfectly astonished that
thegentleman from Georgia shouldbe opposed
to anything like education in his Sta'e, when
the great fact is made patent to the woild, by
the census returns, that one out of e.very two
voters in that State can neither lead nor write.
So, too, in the State of Noith Carolina, one in
everv three is unable to read or write. Yet I
doubt not, when the vote upon this bill come-i
to be taken, those who represent the Demo-
cratic party of those States will go in solid
phalanx against the bill.
Coming nearer home, I find that in my neigh-
boring State of Delaware, so ably represented
on this fluor by my friend [Mr. Biggs] who
sits befoie me, one out of every four is unable
to read or write; and when the laboring men
employed by my friend come up to get their,
