1872.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
3481
Pennsylvania who pioneers this bill, that will
not say. he regrets those railroad crossings and
wishes them out of the way. Bat I shall not
rely upon the authority of the Senator or iny
own testimony. I have in ray hand the last
annual report of the commissioners, and I
wish the Senate to hear what they say :
" At an earlier period of their organization the
commissioners addressed themselves to thesolution
of tbe very difficult problem of how to attain the
best approaches to the park, and they have not at
any time ceased to give that matter their earnest
attention. If a former generation could have fore-
seen "—
Now, see, Senators, how this applies to the
present case—
" If a former generation could have foreseen that
tho liberal views which far-sighted men among them
held on the subject of a park which should cmbrace
both banks of the Schuylkill would finally ripen into
a fruition beyond what the most sanguine could then
have dreamed, the great railways which now run in
close proximity to that stream would have reached
the city by other routes, or at least would have been
carried on tracks more remote from the river. At
that day this could readily ha\e been done without
conflicting with any interest, but now that the con-
ditions have been long established, and trado and
travel settled in conformity to them, any violent
change must be regarded as out of the question."
The commissioners then make certain rec-
ommendations, which 1 will not take up time
to read. But I come to a brief passage:
"The commissioners, therefore, respectfully but
strenuously urge that steps shall be immediately
taken to promote this most desirable end. And they
do this, not alone in the iutcrestof the thousands
whose vehicles are entangled at the railroad cr« ss-
ing, but much more in the interest ot the hundreds
of thousands whose principal enjoyment of tho park
has been and will be in that pordou of it which is
most exposed to these dangerous annoyances."
That is testimony. If this were a court of
justice instead of the Senate, and if you, sir,
were a court and the Senators now before me
were a jury, that would be a testimony con-
clusive in the case—testimony of experts, who
know by experience what they testify, who
have seen with their own eyes and felt in their
own consciousness whenever they entered that
park the nuisance agamst which 1 now protest.
Sir, they testily against the present bill. Can
you answer the testimony? Is it not clear? Is
it not complete.
• Sir, I need no testimony. I only ask Sen-
ators to look at the paik. Let them pass
through our Library and take their stand on
that unequaled portico, from which they may
look down upon an amphitheater more like
that of ancient Home than that of any other
capital, with a river beneath and hills in tlie
distance—a river much larger than the ancient
Tiber, and hills much more beautiful than
those that stand about Rome, and a Capitol,
too, but how much more beautiful than that,
which once gave the law to mankind.- Stand
on that portico, sir, and survey the amphithe-
ater; your eye will then rest with satisfaction
on the outline of this very park, stretching from
the Capitol beyond the Executive Mansion,
and destined to be a breathing place for the
immense population of future generations.
Stand on that portico and try to imagine what
this park may be.
And now it is proposed not only to diminish
that breathing place, but to disturb it by the
smoke of steam-engines, and to confute it by
the perpetual din of locomotives. I hope no
such thing will be done. There is a place for
all things, and this I know, the place for a
railway station is not a public park.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I dislike
very much 
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will permit me I wish simply to
make a remark to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who has just taken his seat.
Mr. CAMIiiiON. I yield the floor to my
friend from New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. The allusion of the
Senator from Massachusetts to the capitol of
ancient Home reminded me of the very inter-
esting passage in a book published by a dis-
tinguished lellow-citizen of his named llillatd,
a little book entitled " Six Months in Italy,
one of the most readable books about Italy I
have seen. 1 want to read him. a few lines:
"But this supposes a fitting frame of mind in the
traveler nimseit. As Rome cannot bo comprehended
without previous preparation, so it cannot be felt
without ii certain congeniality of temperament.
Something ot the imaginative pri'nciplo ; the pow'er
of going out of one's self, and iorgettiug tbo actual
in the ideal, and the present in tho.past; tho ca-
pacity to sympathize with the dreamor, if not to
dream; a willingness tobeactod upon, and not to
act— these must bo wrought into the being of him
who would catch all tho inspirations of tho place.
The traveler must leave all his notions of progress
and reform at the gates, or ho will be kept in a con-
stautstate of protest and rebellion ; as unlit to re-
ceive the impressions which are around him us a lake
ruffled by the storm to reflect tho heavens. He must
try to torget such things asa representative govern-
ment, town meetings, public schools, raihvass, and
steam engines, lie must learn to look upon pope,
cardinal, and monk, not with a Puritan scowl, butas
partsol'iui imposing pageant, whioh ho inay contem-
plate without self-reproach, though without approv-
ing, as the man of peace may be innocently amused
wall tile splondid evolutions ol a review, lie whose
spirit is so restless and evanescent as to forbid
repose, whose zeal for progress admits neither com-
promise nor delay : who sees not the landscape, but
the monastery which blots it; not tho church, but
the beggar on its steps; who in the knoeling peas-
ant finds all idolatry aud no devotion, may have
many g >od and groat qualities, buthe is oat ol bis
place in llome. He is an exotic, and will ouly lan-
guish and pine in its uncongenial soil."
That is the extract I wished to read.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a very beautiful ex-
tract from a very excellent friend of my own,
and I always listen,to anything of his with
more than pleasure.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am not going to speak
on this bill. The only reason of my reading
this extract was that it struck me as a very
beautiful thing, and it seemed to be applica-
ble to this case, aud showed just wherein 1 think
the Senator from Massachusetts is Inislaken-
That is this precisely. We may want a park,
but we do not want a park if the means of ob-
taining that park aud the conditions annexed
doom this city to be a desolate city with none
to enjoy the park.
Why, Mr. President, it ia but two years ago
that in speaking before the Senate on this very
park, I made an allusion myself to the beauty
of the old Koman capitol, and I called upon
the Senate and the country at the time to
assist the committee in building up this capital
and making it worthy of a great nalion, and
there is no man who has been in Congress so
short a time as I have been who has this more
at heart than I have myself, and according
to his ability has done more lo develop our
national capital. Glorious in its historic mem-
ories, magnificent in its location, laid out on a
grand scale, it needs only wise legislation to
mate it the pride of a proud and prosperous
people. But, Mr. President, to build a Chinese
wall around the whole of one side of this city
and say, "Thus far shall thou go, and no
further," cannot build up a capital for this
nation, at least for this generation.
This is a practical question, and 1 look at it
in no other light, if I know myself, than for
the interests ol this city and this nation. The
town council, I see by the bill, have approved
of the site here proposed. Many of the best
inhabitants of the town have spoken to me in
favor of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the
Senator from New Jersey know lhatone branch
of the District Legislature have repealed their
asseut to this act. The legislative council
have done so, and the other house has not
acted. There are two houses here that com-
pose the District Legislature.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 do not know it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is the fact.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have no doubt of it,
if the Senator says so, but that cannot alter the
fact that they had assented to aud approved
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
Senator allow me further to say that the grant
by the common council was at the expiring
hours of the late government, and not by the
present government? 'The bill was passed at
the very last hours of the government just
going out of power, and it was introduced at
the expiring hours of that government and
forced through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And it has
been openly charged that the members were
bribed.
Mr. STOCKTON. I wish when Senators
speak to me in the Senate and expect replies,
they would speak bo that I can hear them. I
do not think my hearing is worse than other
people's, but I cannot hear what they say. lo
response to the Senator from Maryland, the
only one whose remark I heard, and who asks
me so pointedly if I did not know that this
was done in the expiring hours of the late
local government, I have simply to say ihat
1 do not. 1 was not aware of it. But it is a
matter of no importance to me whether they
have attempted to repeal it in one branch or
both, or whether it was passed at the last
hours of the session. I made no allusion io
it for any olher purpose than to say that my
attention was drawn to this thing first by seeing
that there was a considerable portion of Ihe
people who desired it, and that we wore asked
to confirm the action of ihe common council;
that this led me to look into ihe matter myself,
and to see what would be the result, in this
city il all railroads and ways which might inter-
fere with the beautiful parks that I myself
desire to have laid out were prevented from
coming in.
1 tried to make myself feel that it would not
be such a necessity, because 1 knew beyond
peradventure it it was such a necessity the
park would be a curse and no blessing to
Washington. If so, the park ought not to be
in that place ; the park ought to be souiewheic
out in the country where people can get to it,
and not on this side of Washington, culling il
off from all cummunicaiion. 1 do not believe
so poorly of this plan which the chairman of
the committee has described on which this ciiy
was laid out originally, as I would be obliged
to do if I agreed with lam on this quesllon,
when this was laid out to be a great ciiy, with
broad highways, wide streets, the only city
that ever was laid out for a great city ; ihe
only city on which the sun ever shone whose
founders had foresight and wisdom to foresee
its future, and which future. Mr. President, the
obstructionists of progress will permanently
destroy.
Other cities have grown by natural laws.
This has tho capacity of being made the great-
est city in ihe world, simply because it was
laid out for a great city, but this necessarily
chccked rapid growth. 'This ciiy has stiuugled
along without any development almost in a
state of stagnation. For years and years it
was laughed at as a ciiy of " magnificent dis-
tances." Why? Because it was laid out for
its future, and it seemed at one time as it that
future would never come ; but it has come,
very, very slowly ; but with a little good sense
its time is now. Now, to cut it off Irom im-
provement, because, forsooth, at some distant
day it is hoped there may be a great public
park, is absolutely to bury it, and to bury it
in the eternal stillness and silence that hangs
to-day over Rome—lo roll up a mummy.
Mr. President, I have read to the Senator
from Massaehusetis the passage from Mr. llil-
lard's work on Italy,'his friend. Now, 1 say
to him that I have heard the steam whistle's
shriek arouse the bat and the owl from the
palaces of the CaJsars, notwithstanding the
stranger should forget progress when he en-
ters Rome. I have stood on the dome of St.
Peter's and seen running ihere underneath the
walls of that city the steam-engine with a long
train winding its way down along the l iber to
tho port of Rome at 01 vita V ecchia. I here in
that city where no house has been built for
hundreds of years, they have brought the lo-
comotive, and "harnessed down with iron
bands," ii serves the work of progress m Rome
itself All the way from Civita V ecchia to
Leghorn we are carried on the wings ol steam.
