1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437'
might appoint an unlimited number of persons
for the purpose of assisting them in the enforce-
ment of the law, and that when these ap-
pointees should enter on the discharge of their
duties they should exercise the prerogative of
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy of the United States in this : that "per-
sons so appointed to execute any warrant or
process as aforesaid shall have authority to
summon and call to their aid the by-standers,
or posse comitatus of the proper county, or
such portion of the land or naval forces of
the United States, or of the militia, as may be
necessary to the performance of the duty with
which they are charged."
These were thought to be very marvelous
prerogatives. This was thought to be a mojle
of legislation that was not in accordance with
any precedents in the records of the United
States. Much feeling was elicted in the coun-
try at the time of the enactment of that law.
I never could give my sanction to its provis-
ions. I have never cast a vote for it or for
any of its amendments. But that act was
passed in thisChamber; it went out, and it was
to be put in force in the States of the Union
wherever an effort might be made for the pur-
pose of trying the experiment. It was attempt-
ed to be enforced and was enforced, I suppose,
in the States of Pennsylvania and New York.
The Governor of Pennsylvania, Governor
Geary, held the following language on the sub-
ject of its enforcement; I read from his mes-
sage to the Legislature of that State:
"The employment of the TJnited States troops at
elections, without the consent of the local and State
governments, has recently received considerable
attention and reprehension. It.is regarded as an
interference with the sovereign rights of the States,
which was not contemplated by the founders of the
General Government, and, if persisted in, must lead
to results disastrous to peace and harmony. The
practice is one so serious in its ehara.eter. and so
injurious in its tendencies, as to merit prompt con-
sideration and decisive action, not only by the Gen-
eral Assembly but by Congress. One of the com-
plaints of the colonists against the British king was
the oppression growing out of the assumption of
this power. They said, 'He has kept among us in
times of peace standing armies without the consent
of our Legislatures;' and, what is especially perti-
nent to the case in point, ' He has aSected to render
the military independent of, and superior to, the
civil power.' The aileged authority for the use of
troops at our State elections is derived from the
tenth section of an act of Congress, approved May
31,1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United Sta,tes to vote in the several
States of the Union, and for other purposes,' which
authorizes United States marshals to, call to their
assistance 'such portion of the land and naval
forces of the United States, or of the militia, as may
be necessary to the performance of the duty with
■which they are charged, and to insure a faithful
observance of the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.'
" But it must be a forced construction of this law
that will justify the presence of armed national
forces at our places of election when no necessity
exists therefor, and where their presence is calcu-
lated to provoke collision. With a good President
the exercise of the power referred to might have no
injurious results, but in the hands of a bad man,
governed by personal ambition, it might prove
exceedingly calamitous. Unconsciously agoodPres-
ident might be induced to employ it wrongfully ; a
bad one would be almost certain to use it tor his own
advancement. Under any circumstances, in my opin-
ion, it is unsafe and antagonistic to the principles
that should govern our republica n institutions. At
the last October election United States troops were
stationed in Philadelphia for the avowed purpose
of enforcing the election laws. This was done with-
out the consent or even the knowledge of the civil
authorities of either the city or the State, and with-
out any expressed desire on the part of the citizens,
and, as far as can be ascertained, without existing
necessity. From a conscientious conviction ot its
importance X have called your attention to this
subject. A neglect tohave done so mighthavebeen
construed as au indorsement of a measure that
meets my unqualified disapproval. The civil author-
ities of Pennsylvania have always been, and are still,
competent to protect its citizens in the exercise of
their eletive franchise; and the proper and only
time for United States military forces to intervene
will be when the power of the Commonwealth is
exhausted and their aid is lawfully required."
Mr. President, you are aware that Governor
Geary, of Pennsylvania, was an ardent sup-
porter of the administration of the present.
Execytivfe, was in harmony with Congress, was
anxious to see such legislation enacted here as
would redound to the benefit of the Republican
party as a party and to the advantage of our
common country. There was nothing factious,
therefore, in the opposition of the Governor
of Pennsylvania. No man would doubt his
patriotism ; no man would doubt his fidelity ;
and yet the view which he candidly and dis-
passionately took of this question was such a
one as to place him upon the record beforeall
the people of the State over which he presided
and before all the people of the country in an
attitude of hostility to this legislation of the
Government of the United States.
I think, therefore, that where such a result
has been brought about by the enactment of
this law it would become every friend of the
Administration to be careful in regard to the
reenactnient or extending of its provisions
beyond the original condition of the first act.
But I do not desire to speak as though I was
seeking the well-being of the present Adminis-
tration. I honestly desire to see it supplanted
by that nomination which was recently made
at Cincinnati. Therefore I say to you, Mr.
President, and to all the Senators who are in
my presence this evening, that so far as party
results are concerned, I would have for party
purposes no objection whatever tb see this act
that is attempted to be extended by the bill
which we sent away from this Hall recently
enacted into a law, for then we have the
advantage of charging this enormity upon
the Administration before the people of the
whole country; we have the opportunity then
of walking out upon the prairies and into every
farming community in the whole land, where
one hundred peaceable, honest men are found
in a country precinct, to give them to under-
stand that the only reason they are not voting (
under the control of the Federal Government
is because two o'f their citizens did notcall upon
the circuit judge of the United States for the
appointment of two other citizens to supervise,
not only the election on the day of the elec-
tion, but to supervise the registration of those
one hundred honest, quiet farmers themselves.
I say. then, so far as that is concerned, I
will be honest with you and declare that 1 do
not dare, but I challenge you to pass the act
and let us goto tbe people on the record. But
when I find that it is to be passed by riding
over a solemn, honorable, manly pledge made
by man to man, by Senator to Senator that
that species of legislation should not be
crowded upon appropriation bills—when that
is the question, then I protest never but after
the fullest and freest discussion, and after the
yeas and nays, will I agree that the bill shall
be put in such a position as that it is likely to
become a law.
The first form of the act as passed in 1870,
and approved May 31, was the one against
which the protest of the Republican Governor
of Pennsylvania was so plainly and so man-
fully and so emphatically uttered. Governor
Geary knew when he sent out that message
into every household of Pennsylvania that if
the impression should be made on those who
were the voters of the State that there had
been an arbitrary and unnecessary interference
by the Federal authorities with the registration
and the voting of the citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, the result might be that the seeds of
discord would be planted, and that there would
be a defeat of that party of whom he was then
Governor in tbe State of Pennsylvania. And
yet he risked all that; he risked his reputation
as a true party man which he bore at the time
when he was elected Governor of the State of
Pennsylvania; he risked the friendship of
every man who could read and cast a vote,
and said to them in conclusion :
" A neglect to have done so might have been con-
strued as an indorsement of a measure that meets
my unqualified disapproval. The civil authorities
of Pennsylvania have always been, and are still,
competent to protect its citizens in the exercise ot
their elective franchise; and the proper and only
time for United States military force to intervene
will be when the power ot the Commonwealth is j
exhausted and their aid is lawfully required." J
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senator from Ne-
braska if he will yield to me for a moment to.
make a motion that the Senate adjourn ? I
observe that most of the Senators on the other
Ride of tbe Chamber are asleep, and 1 dare say
they would be very glad to be released from
attendance here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair ) Does the Senator from
Nebraska yield for that purpose?
Mr. TIPTON. I am ready to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, (at two o'clock a. m.)' T
move, then, that the Senate now adjourn ; and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Cooper, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Salisbury,
Sehurz, Stevenson, Thurman, Tipton, and View-
ers—11
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Oole, Conkling. Oorbett,
Crasin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuvsen, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Scott, Sherman, Sumner, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, l)avis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite. Hamlin. Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Patrcrson, Ransom,
Ricc, Robertson. Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Trumbull, West, Windom, and Wright—35.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How is he entitled to the
floor ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He yielded
for a mo'ion to adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If he yielded the floor,
why has he any title to it now more than any-
body else?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
asked him if he yielded for that purpose, and
he said he did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the point that a
yielding of the floor must be an absolute yield-
ing, whether for a motion to adjourn or for
anything else. If we are playing a game wilh
gentlemen on the other side, we may as well
play it accoi'ding to the rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
the custom of the Senate to take tbe floor from
a Senator who gives way for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. We will see about that
question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No such point ought
to be raised in view of past practice.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator irom Nebraska will proceed under the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNIilt. I should like to make a
suggestion that we agree to vote to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Dues the
Senator from Nebraska yield to the Senator
from Massachusetts?
Mr. TIPTON. If the Senate will enter-
tain the proposition, and if the Senator from
Vermont will not take advantage of it against
me, I will certainly yield for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. Can there not be an under-
standing come to, I inquire of the other side?
Mr. THURMAN. i cannot agree to take a
vote at any specified hour on this bill. 1 am
perfectly willing, whenever tbe Senator from
Nebraska has finished his remarks,- and 1 ex-
pect, then, if no other Senator wishes to speak,
to withdraw my motion and let action be had
on the bill regularly.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from
Nebraska indulge me for a few mmutes?
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Sei.ator yield to the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes. sir.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make an appeal
to Senators on this side of the Chamber ro
allow us to vote upon this amendment and
adty amendments that may be offeied by any
