4378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
of them, or by any other Senator. When a
question of order arises, it must be decided
first bv the Chair, and if an appeal is taken,
then by the Senate. An appeal was taken
from the decision of the Chair in this case,
the Chair deciding the amendment to be in
t order under this rule. The appeal was laid on
the table by a motion, which was in fact an
1 indorsement of the opinion expressed by the
Chair.
Now, I submit to our friends on this side of
the Chamber that this question has been de-
cided in the only way that it can be decided;
and without imputing motives or purposes to
any Senator, I suggest that all should submit to
the decision when it is thus made.
The argument of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] was that this was an import-
ant amendment, and could not properly be
discussed under the five-minutes rule, and that
that rule as to it interfered with the freedom
of speech. But I submit to that Senator that
he has made a motion here to indefinitely post-
pone this bill, which is certainly in violation
of the whole spirit of the rule, and under the
operation of that motion any feature of this
amendment or of the bill can be discussed at
any length. It is a motion that can be renewed
at any stage of the amendments; so that in
effect there can be full and perfect freedom of
discussion upon the merits of this amendment.
I do not think the Senate wants to discuss
this amendment. It has been before the
Senate in various forms. There is nothing
new about it. It is the same amendment that
was passed by the Senate in the form of a sepa-
rate bill with one change, and that change is
in favor of the views expressed by tho Senator
from Ohio, in substituting the district judges
for the circuit judges. The Senate has made
up its mind on this amendment, and 1 am sure
no discussion is necessary. Kvery Senator
knows just how he intends to vote upon it if
we come to a vote.
The question of order, therefore, has been
decided in the only way it can be decided.
Whether that decision is right or wrong I am
not going to discuss. If Senators desire to
discuss the merits of the amendment, it can
be done under tho motion that is now pend-
ing; but I am sure that is not desired. There-
fore, 1 appeal to the Senate to allow us to vote
on this question and on any amendments that
may be offered to it. I do not want to sit here
all night, and I am sure others do not.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska is entitled to the floor,
and will proceed.
Mr. TIPTON. There seems to be some
plausibility in the remailcs of the Senator
from Indiana so far as this, that an oppor-
tunity, at least a forced opportunity, may be
had (or the purpose of discussing this propo-
sition ; but the point of objection is not met.
The point of objection is this: that although
the opportunity might be complete as to the
discussion of this and all kindred propositions,
yet after they have been discussed until every
person in the Chamber is satisfied with the
discussion, they are not legitimate as amend-
ments to an appropriation bill, and cannot be
pressed except in violation of the resolution I
have read, and violation of our solemn pledges
each to the other that no such proposition as
jinvolves general legislation shall be presented
'as an amendment to such a bill as this.
Mr. President, when the act was passed
amendatory of the original act, the act which
was approved February 28, 1871, it seems to
liave been an experiment in this: the ori-
ginal stringent provisions were to be extended
to cities of twenty thousand inhabitants and
upward. The charge was that a special ob-
ject was to be accomplished by the enactment
of that law, and that it was dot an object that
we were willing to present in detail to the peo-
ple of the whole country, but we were willing
to experiment with it upon some of the large
cities of the Union. I remember in the dis-
cussions at that time it was charged that there
were some States which had but very few
cities of twenty thousand, and therefore it
would touch lightly upon such States. Why,
therefore, was it not limited in its operation
to cities of five hundred thousand ?_ Because,
the answer was, if you limit it to cities of five
hundred thousand or two hundred thousand,
the application of it would be so small and so
few would be reached by it that it would be
distinctly understood by the people of the
country that there was a bill passed for work-
ing out some special political problems, and
that it was not a matter of general legislation
such as could commend itself to the people,
of the whole country; and consequently, for
purposes of peculiar results, this was placed
upon the statute-book as applicable to cities
of twenty thousand inhabitants in order to
give a show of fairness. The allegation was not
that it will only reach New York, Philadelphia,
Cincinnati, Chicago, and St. Louis, but come
down and touch alt cities that reach wenty thou-
sand inhabitants. Why that arbitrary limit?
Is it not often necessary to watch carefully the
ballot-box in a city of ten thousand? Why
not bring it down to ten thousand? Why not
bring it down to five thousand? Why not
bring it down to a city of a thousand? The
answer was evident. If you bring it down so
low as that you carry it everywhere, and you
expose it with all its peculiarities to too large
a number of voters of the United States; and
honestly that was the reason why it was limited
to cities of a certain number of thousands of
inhabitants only. I refused to vote for it and
all its amendments, although I knew it would
not strike a city in Nebraska. ' Omaha at that
time was not supposed to have more than a
a population of about twenty thousand, prob-
ably under that; and therefore it was not to
affect my State.
But after the experiment was made upon
cities of twenty thousand, then came in the act
of this session, which has gone to the House
of Representatives and not been returned, ex-
tending it not only to cities of twenty thousand,
but to every precinct, whether there be fifty
voters in it or a hundred, or a thousand, as
the case might be, extending it everywhere.
Why extend it everywhere? For the pur-
pose of controlling elections. Take the city
of Chicago, for instance. 1 remember that
an editor there in discussing the question sup-
posed that at one of their elections the people
would probably have on the ticket fifty names:
councilmen, aldermen, and mayor of the city;
members of the Legislature, Governor, Lieu-
tenant Governor, secretary of State ; auditor ;
all the various officers of the State ; the officers
of the city ; all the various officers of the pre-
cinct—all these arc voted for at the same time.
Very well, if there were forty-nine of them,
then Chicago, within the State of Illinois, had
forty names upon the ticket and one member
of Congress.
The Governmentof the United States, there-
fore, having one fiftieth interest in that ticket
in point of numbers, comes in and by its legis-
lation says with this interest in this ticket we
propose to superintend your registration ; we
intend to see whether you gentlemen will
properly register for tho election ; we propose
to ascertain whether you properly vote at the
election ; we propose to see that the ballot-
box is in a certain position during the day : we
propose by supervisors appointed at the re-
quest of two of your citizens to see that the
ballot-box is checked, that it is marked, that
it is stamped, that it is labeled, and we pro-
pose to take the whole control of your regis-
tration and your election ; where you elect
your precinct officers, and your city officers,
and your State officers, we will take absolute
charge, whether the election is held under tlie
law of Congress or under the law of the State
in which the election is holden. In taking
that absolute charge and that absolute super-
vision of the polls, and of the registration
lista, we did it under the pretense that we
might superintend the election of a member
of Congress. Senators, are not the people
interested in the election of members of
Congress? Those members of Congress are
as much theirs as their Governor and their
members of the Legislature are theirs. Those
members come here representing the very
identical men who are represented in the
Legislature. Those members of Congress here
come up representing the same identical peo-
ple that are represented by the Governor of
the State. We therefore cannot separate our-
selves from them and talk about the rights of
Congress in the election of members of Con-
gress. The people have the whole interest in
these elections.
When, then, the people send Representatives
to us, the House of Representatives have
power to sit in judgment upon the qualifica-
tions of their members. There Congress has
the power over the credentials of these men,
and in a contest the question can be settled
whether the rights of Congress, whatever they
may be, have been subserved, or whether they
have been jeopardized in the elections in the
various districts. Congress has the power to
sit in judgment upon the qualification of its
members ; and while it has that power, it un-
dertakes to exercise that other power of abso-
lutely superintending the registering and
voting and then sitting in judgment afterward
in the halls of legislation on the credentials of
the members.
It is evident, therefore, from the manner in
which the bill went on step by step, first ap-
plying to cities of a very large number of
inhabitants, then brought down and saddled
upon cities of twenty thousand, an'd now
extended all over the country for the purpose
of reaching every voting precinct in the
United States, that there is a special reason,
and it is for the purpose of influencing elec-
tions. If not, what cau it be ?
But you tell me that there is fairness about
the process because there are to be two ap-
pointed on each application, and one shall
belong to each party. Very well. If it is
intended to perpetrate a fraud on the ballot-
box, you take a Republican that you can
trust, and you combine with him a man of
some other party affiliation who can be trusted
with him. If you desire to pervert the law,
you can find a man in every community who
for gain may be bribed to act with you, not a
member of your party, for purposes of per-
verting the election. And therefore it is not
safe simply because the individuals have to
assert that they belong to two different political
parties.
The people of the country, when this is
brought down to them, when they ascertain
that they are not to be trusted, that there is a
Government at Washington that has no faith
in their honesty, that is not willing to trust
their integrity, that is not willing to trustthem
with casting their votes for their own neighbor
whom tbey may designate as their candidate
for Congress—when the people have this law
brought down to them in every precinct, then
there will be such a revulsion, then there will
be such a protest, as will teach a lesson to
legislators hereafter not to interfere with the
prerogatives of the people in their voting pre-
cincts, but to confine themselves to their simple
right, the prerogative'of sitting in judgment
on the credentials of members sent up by the
people for the purpose of representing them
in the other branch of Congress.
I have said all I desire to say upon this sub-
ject. I have spoken no word against time ; I
have repeated no sentence unnecessarily. I
am understood upon this question. And now,
so far as I am concerned, you can go on- with
the final vote, and we will go to the country
