1872.
THE COFGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
4379
and to the people on this issue. Never before
was it supposed to be necessary until in this
era of high purity, and high honor, and great
integrity, and it will be of a fitting piece with
the whole process from the inception of the
law and its first operation upon cities of twenty
thousand and upward, down to the time that
would carry it to every man's door. It will be
a fitting finale to violate your own laws, to go
back upon your own pledges of honor each to
the other, and consummate it against the rules,
as you propose to do by your action this
evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
motion to indefinitely postpone the bill.
Mr. KELLY, (at two o'clock and twenty-
five minutes a. m.) I move that the Senate
do now adjoarn, and-upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Casserly, Cooper, Hamilton of
Texas, Kelly, Schurz, Stevenson, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Vickers—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen. Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt., Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Scott, Sherman. Stewart, Sumner, and Wil-
son—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham. Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Hvlan, Hill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Osborn, Patterson, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Spencer. Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, West,
Windom, and Wright—36.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, I desire to submit a few observations
upon the proposition before the Senate. It is
now half past two o'clock in the morning. I
came in here to attend the session this morn-
ing, or rather I should say yesterday morn-
ing, congratulating myself upon the idea that
by early in the afternoon we should have got
through with this, the last of our appropria-
tion bills. I came here in the innocence
and simplicity of my heart supposing that we
intended to do business. I am suie it can be
ascribed to me that I desired to transact busi-
ness as a member of this Chamber. I never
myself introduced a motion or a proposition
that would delay the public business if I could
well avoid it. I am sure that the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will testify that I have invariably stood by him
in urging the legitimate business of Congress,
voting against adjournments upon all occa-
sions, and desiring to discharge my duty as a
member of this Chamber faithfully and con-
scientiously.
When, however, we were progressing very
rapidly to a conclusion, all at once was thrown
into this Chamber this bomb-shell, this species
of legislation. We were passing upon appro-
priations for the public service in all the
aspects of this bill. We were providing for
the exigencies of the coming year, supplying
the demands of various Departments of the
public service, and we were getting along with
a bright hope that by Monday next we might
part as friends, in good humor with each other,
and conscious that we had discharged our duty
to the country as our respective views dictated.
But in comes this proposition, and it is a prop-
osition to put here a bill that the Senate passed
a few weeks ago after a very severe struggle and
a night session, in connection with two other
measures forced through this body by the ddfc-
inant party. They are now before the House
of Representatives subject to their action—a
House of Representatives conceded to have a
majority, at all events asserted to have a ma-
jority, in favor of the Administration of from
t^pnty five to thirty-five ; and it is to be pre-
sumed that that House, if it had concurred in
the opinion of this body, would have passed
these measures long ago. But for what the
House of Representatives do in the premises
we are not responsible. We are to discharge
our own duties to ourselves and to the coun-
try, and leave whatever responsibilities are to
be incurred rest on that body.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] a few moments ago appealed to
members on this side of the Chamber to allow
a vote to be taken on this proposition because,
and it was only because, the majority had de-
termined that it should be passed as it is.
Whatever determination that majority may
have concluded upon, it is not for me to ques-
tion ; but with all respect to the Senator, it
ought not and cannot control my action in the
conscientious discharge of my duty in this
Chamber. I am here a member representing
it is true a small State when compared with
that represented by the Senator from Indiana;
but I am here to protest in the name of my
people and of that State against this measure
now attempted to be forced upon the country,
and to do whatever my efforts may permit in
averting so great a wrong.
What is the object of this legislation ? There
must be some reason for it. The honorable
Senator says that the present proposition
amounts to nothing, or very little; that it is
divested of all the odious features, or, at all
events, the strong features—he did not use the
word " odious," for he is in favor of the prop-
osition—but that it is divested of all the strong
features that are in the bill now before the
House of Representatives. That may be so;
but there are two grounds upon which any
person differing with the honorable Senator
from Indiana can oppose this proposition, and
they are these: first, as. I believe, that it is
against the spirit and letter of this resolution
under which we are acting upon the appropri-
ation bills, that it has no business to be here;
that it took us all by surprise; it was a shock
to this side of the Chamber, and it was a sur-
prise, I apprehend, to many members upon
the other side. How it was conceived, how it
was caucused into existence, I know not.
What inducement secured the introduction of
the proposition I leave to the honorable Sen-
ators upon the other side to say. But does
the Philadelphia convention press them to this
proposition? Is it required by the behests of
that convention or by any of the seventeen
planks in the platform? There are seventeen
planks in it, I believe, and the last is the sum-
mary of all the preceding—an expression of
admiration for the President of the United
States, and confidence, I believe, both in his
personal and official administration 1
But is it a party necessity. I ask you, Mr.
President, that this election bill shall be passed
in this way? Must one of the three proposi-
tions passed in this Chamber under the circum-
stances to which I have referred become a law
of the land? If that be the reason, it may be
a good reason why the party friends ot the
Administration upon the other side^ of this
Chamber shall press the passage of this meas-
ure, but is surely no reason to the minority
here to desist from any legitimate means to
prevent its passage.
But do the interests of the country require
it? Is it the country or is it party 1 _ I ask my
honorable friends on the other side of the
Chamber is it country or is it party? Are our
honorable friends on the other side of the
Chamber to keep us here until half past two
o'clock in the morning, discussing a proposi-
tion that they say has very little merit in it or
that is divested of its hard features, and for
what purpose ? To gratify a sentiment on the
outside and to answer to some extent the
clamor that prevailed at the Philadelphia con-
vention for the passage of some such measure ?
Oris it absolutely necessary that they should
have the appointment of supervisors provided
by the bill to superintend elections lor party
results? Do our honorable Senators on the
other side of the Chamber admit that they are
driven to this position, that with the Phila-
delphia convention just in meeting with some
seven or eight hundred delegates, and these
gentlemen just fresh from its excitement and
from its enthusiasm, if any prevailed, should
still feel obliged on this night to keep us here,
it may be prolong the session for the purpose
of securing to them sufficient power by this
bill to secure the reelection of President
Grant? There must be some sufficient reason
to them. They must feel that it is indispens-
ably necessary here upon this night to press
the passage of this measure to secure the
one great object—the reelection of President
Grant by virtue of the power of the bill itself,
or that it is necessary to gratify some outside
sentiment requiring something to be done after
spending here five or six months without
effecting anything in fact, and just then, upon
the eve of adjournment, in order to give
some manifestation of sincerity to their party
followers, make just such demonstrations as we
are now witnessing, and this, too, about the
"husk" of a bill which some Senators on the
other side characterized it.
I do not know what is in store for us. I am
opposed to this proposition from every con-
sideration. I am opposed to having these
appointees upon us. I believe that our elec-
tions in the main, outside of the great cities,
are carried on fairly, regularly, and nowhere
will this bill make it better. Outside of the
cities fair elections are to be had, except
in some States of the South, where surely the
advantage is with my friends on the other side
of the Chamber. But that these supervisors
should be put upon us, that any two individ-
uals as provided here can call upon the district
judge to appoint supervisors of our elections,
is something so unknown to us, is something
so shocking to our sensibility as States rights
men, that this Government ol the United States
should undertake to control or supervise or
inspect or spy out our elections, that it is im-
possible for gentlemen of our convictions, for
Jeffersonian Democrats, for those who believe
in a strict construction of the Constitution, and
believe that by it alone can our Union be pre-
served in its purity and in its power, ever to
yield without protest and without persistence
in opposition to the passage of this measure.
This is not the first time that we have
opposed measures of this kind, and where
such sessions as this have been held. In days
gone by we have seen the same kind of thing
occur. History but repeats itself; and what
is transpiring here to-night has transpired over
and over again since the organization of our
Government. The same kind of spirit that
induced Senators to remain here to-mght, both
approving and opposing, animated our people
in days gone by upon great measures of public
necessity, public concern, or public opinion.
Now, Mr. President, I" stand here not to
debate the proposition, not to undertake to
discuss the right and the wrong of this measure
in detail. In substance, in the aggregate, I
am opposed to tbe whole of it. I believe that
the American people can conduct tlieir elec-
tions in their respective States, counties, and
townships without the intervention of this
Federal Government; and I will never per-
mit that two individuals, irresponsible tbey
may be, to call upon this Government and
bring into requisition its great Federal power
to superintend the inhabitants of this country
in conducting their elections. Believing that,
1 oppose this.
But. now, Mr. President, I oppose this
amendment, as I said before, in detail and in
the aggregate ; I oppose it because it is against
all my convictions of right, and against the
Constitution; but I appeal to honorable Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber on the
ground that this is so strongly against the
spirit and the letter of the resolution that it is
not doing justice to ourselves, and we cannot
