1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
consistent in his denunciations of all legisla-
tion which looks to its maintenance. It is
fortunate, however, for the country that the
free-trade policy which he represents, and the
importing interests which he persistently ad-
vocates, do not shape the legislation of Con-
gress.
Pennsylvania is only one of many States
gentlemen of free-trade persuasion persist in
holding up as_ a monument of " legalized
fraud;" but, sir, her interests are identical
with the interests of the whole country. Her
prosperity depends on the general prospeiity,
and her people do not claim the benefits of
legislation that do not accrue to all the people
of ali the States alike. It is true the progress
of her industrial interests has been encour-
aging. Her advance in education and the gen-
et al well-being ot her people have kept even
pace with her material growth. She main-
tains to-day the proud position assigned- her
in the earlier and better days of the Repub-
lic as the key-stone of the Federal arch! And
it may be well enough to remind her revilers
of free-trade proclivities that no President
was ever elected without her electoral vote!
It is doubtless true, too, that by reason of
her great natural resources, varied mineral
wealth, and geographical advantages, Penn-
sylvania is well adapted to the production of
iron. This is certainly true of anthracite iron.
Our supply of anthracite coal is inexhaustible ;
our deposits ot' iron ore are equally so; the
other conditions to its production are conven-
ient and cheap, and we are likely to remain
without competition in this respect. The same
field of enterprise, however, is open to the
citizens of the whole country. The capitalists
of the gentleman's district and elsewhere are
■welcome to enter into compeiiiion with our
iron-masters, and share with them what are
constantly represented hero as being enormous
profits. In the interest of the laboring people,
who produce the iron, and of the consumers
thereof, I invite all of them to visit our State,
and invest of their means freely and often.
They will be welcomed with genuine hospi-
tality.
But, sir, I deny emphatically that this pro-
viso is offered in the interest of Pennsylvania
iron-masters from any merely local considera-
tions or in the way ot' a '• bargain." It rises
far above so narrow and contracted a view of
the question. What underlies the proviso is
the great and controlling question of the main-
tenance of the American system. Just pre-
cisely what prompted the incorporation of the
proviso in previous legislation of this character
will justify, may require, its incoiporation in
this measure. Our predecessors wished to
encourage American industry, to recognize the
rights at.d interests of American labor, to make
a home market for the agriculturists of the
broad West, to build the manufactory on the
stream along the line of the railroad, and
thus diffuse wealth,- give employment, and
create happy homes on the broad praiiies
where these lines of improvement are located.
This is, in brief, the scope and purpose of the
amendment. Itappealsto every patriotic im-
pulse, and ought to enlist, the support of every
patriotic member of the House.
Especially does it commend itself to men of
the great and growing West, who are to share
in largest degree the benefits and blessings of
the home policy. The growth of the iron man-
ufacture, under our present wise and beneficent
system of legislation, has been remarkable.
In 1805 we produced nine hundted and thirty
thousand tons of pig iron, and in 1871 nearly
two million tons. The make of rails has in-
creased from three hundred and fiity-six thou-
sand two hundred and ninety-two tons in 18G5,
to seven hundied and twenty iliousaud tons in
1871. But this increase has by no meanstaken
place in Pennsylvania. On the contrary, the
percentage of growth of this industry has been
vastly greater in the West. It is no sectional
interest, no local "bargain" that impels this
great movement. It is a national interest,
and involves the well-being of the laborer of
the West equally with the laborer of the East.
There are not less than sixty thousand miles
of railroad now in operation in this country,
which require four hundred thousand tons of
rails to keep them in running order, and the
new roads which are under construction will
require a million tons more during the present
year. England supplies her own market, and
exports over a million tons besides. Of these,
this country has been taking fully half. So,
to our disgrace be it said, we are only produc-
ing about eight hundred thousand tons of rails,
and robbing our own laboring interests in order
to maintain the monopolies of England, and
keep our home in subjection to the foreign
market.
Let me give gentlemen representing western
constituencies some statistics on this point.
In 1871, Illinois manufactured ninety-two
thousand tons of rails, of which forty thousand
were new and fifty-iwo thousand were re-
rolled. Of the former, three thousand tons
were steel, and her works at Joliet will largely
increase the production. As a rail producer,
Illinois is second only to Pennsylvania. Is,
then, this proviso of no account to her people?
Last year that State produced sixty-five thou-
sand tons of pig iron, and if her members of
Congress give her people half a chance, the
production will soon be doubled; adding
largely to her wealth, and affording a sure
home market for her immense agricultural
products.
Indiana sees in iron a national interest en-
titled to protection at the bands of the Gen-
eral Government, as I notice in the published
proceedings of her recent Republican conven-
tion. Her block-coal is coming into use, and
her furnaces sre steadily growing in number.
In Clay county (properly so called after the
father of the protective system) six furnaces
now turn out one hundred and fifty tons daily.
In Missouri the development of the iron
industry has been rapid. Last year there
were made eighty-three thousand tons of pig
iron. The iron ore mined during the same
period was nearly three hundred thousand tons.
Pilot Knob, Iron mountain, and Shepherd's
mountain can readily put. into the market five
hundred thousand tons per annum. A single
rolling-mill in that State represents $2,500,000,
and employs one thousand men.
In Wisconsin, where tins road is to be con-
structed, the Bay view mill made last year nearly
thirty thousand tons of rails. The furnaces at
Milwaukee arc among the best in the country,
and by proper encouragement there will be
many similar ones erectt-d throughout that
State.
Michigan made last year one hundred thou-
sand tons of pig iron, and one rail-mill at
Wyandotte turned out fifteen thousand tons
of rails. Her shipments of iron ore are enorm-
ous, last year reaching from the lake region
nine hundred and ten thousand nine hundred
and eighty-f.>ur tons. It will be seen that
nearly one third of all the pig iron made in
the United States is smelted from this ore.
Whata commentary this exhibit ot'facts and
statistics is upon the statement of my colleague
that this proviso is ridiculous, or that it brings
ridicule on the State of Pennsylvania! Our
State is shown by this exhibit to be only slightly
interested in this immediate question. The
great and growing iron industries of the West
are far more diiectly interested, without refer-
ring to the large iron interests of Ohio, west-
em Virginia, Tennessee, and other localities
not too remote to be affected thereby.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I call upon the gen-
tlemen representing these and similar constitu-
encies, as well as ali gentlemen who feel that
they are the representatives of the whole peo-
ple, and not of a section, to consider the whole
question involved in this discussion. By un-
wise legislation they may close these indus-
tries in their midst, and give one State the
monopoly of the manufacture of iron ; or, by
wise legislation, by simply letting well enough
alone, they may cherish this industry until
their farms doable in value, and their markets
are brought to their very doors.
And finally, Mr. Speaker, besides being emi-
nently right and wise to adhere to this policy,
let me counsel my political friends, upon whom
rests the responsibility of legislation, that it is
also eminently a safe and expedient policy.
There is a sound and growing sentiment
abroad on this subject. The great West is
awaking to its importance and value to their
productive industry. The Iudiana Repub-
lican convention affirmed it the other day; it
carried New Hampshire ; the Woikingmeu's
conventions of last year and the present 3 ear
have indorsed it, and the success of the Re-
publican party, as well as the prosperity of the
country, is involved in its maintenance.
Mr. SPEBR, of Pennsylvania. 1 wish to
ask my colleague [Mr. Killinoer] whether
he proposes to support the Labor Reform can-
didates for President and Vice President?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time
of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr.
Killinger] has expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Neiv York [Mr. Cox] for ten minutes.
Mr. COX. I am sorry my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. KillingerJ winds up with a
partisan allusion to the New Hampshire elec-
tion. It makes us upon this side feel a little
disconcerted. Nevertheless, Mr. Speaker, if
the Democratic party had not yielded to the
blandishments of these inconsequential tariff
figures too much; if they had not allowed "a
rape on a cloudof statistics,'' statistics scarcely
ever published until after the speeches, we
should have bad, perhaps, a better show in
New Hampshire generally, it'notin Manches-
ter, and such deluded manufacturing places.
But this bill does not concern pig iron or
the tariff, except indirectly. It concerns a sub-
sidy to a railroad. The pig iron introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kklley] is a sort of diversion. Had it not
been for the remarks made by him the oilier
day in opposition to this bill, I should have
thought him in favor of a subsidy of lands to
this Wisconsin company. But perhaps he
will not vote for it unless Pennsylvania does
the job. [Laughter,] That is the meaning, I
take it, of his amendment.
Mr. Speaker, in one sense I am in favor of
all subsidies. 1 would give a subsidy, if to any
body, to everybody, to every man, woman, and
child, to black and white, in the United
States ; to every family ; to all, whatever may
have been their " previous condition of servi-
tude." Then we would be all alike. Then
there would be no inequality. But when
Pennsylvania makes a grab, and Wisconsin
makes a grab, or six men get alter an island,
or a hundred men get after a land grant and a
railroad, 1 protest, in the interest of forty
million people, against all subsidies, whether
of land or through pig iron.
Mr. GETZ. 1 rise to a question of order :
whether it is in order for the gentleman to
speak about pig iron when we are discussing
a railroad question? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. COX. I would like to see the gentle-
man run a railroad without iron. [Laughter.]
Perhaps they can do it in Pennsylvania, but I
have never heard of it. If they do, they must
run it on a very narrow gauge. [Laughter.] '
I was about to refer to some figures in con-
nection with the amendment of ihe gentleman
from Pennsylvania. He seems to believe that
all the people of the United States are engaged
in making iron or digging ore or mining coal
to make the ore, when in fact hardly three
hundred thousand, including the families of
the workmen, are directiy interested in that
branch of industry. Lu 1860 the number of
