1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
the education of all her sons; a splendid
trinily of triumphs in behalf of the people by
a government of the people, the memory of
whuh shall never fade. In war the strong,
great heart of the people paved the Union and
lifted up the slave; in peace, let us now put
in the securing key-stone of the arch of the
people's government by providing for the peo-
ple's education; and this victory of peace
will be more renowned than all the bloodiest
fields of war.
Other nations and other governments may
glide along in despotic peace with educated
rulers only; but here all are rulers, and if the
nation is to prosper the nation must be ruled
intelligently. In this country education of the
masses is indeed the touch-stone of safety and
themagic wand of power. It alone can guide
the forward car of popular progress; it alone
can deliver our country from trouble and dan-
ger; it alone can break down warring faction ;
it alone can crush out such seciional dangers
as may hereafter arise in our widespread and
diversified Republic; it alone can point out
the sale middle path between threatening
domestic interests, and can rally all the people
against hostile foreign power. This Congress
can do no greater work; it can have no higher
aim, no nobler mission; and if we pass no
other act than this, we will have done our
duty well.
The foreign children every year brought by
thousands to our shores, and the children of
foreigners born here, should have an American
education; they should be weaned from Old-
World traditions and foreign ideas and reared
up in full accord with American ideas and
American patriotism. Many patriotic people
fear the dangers resulting from the immense
influx of foreign elements and alien ideas.
Here, in popular, national education, and here
only is the remedy. Others fear our southern
negro vote because it is not an educated vote;
but the colored voters are instinctively patri-
otic, and whatever defects they may hare is
from want of education alone, and this defect
must be remedied, not only because it is bad
statesmanship to have a mass of uneducated
voters, but because to educate them^ by the
nation is not generosity, but simply justice ;
the nation crushed them down, the nation
must lift them up.
In Mississippi we are doing what we can to
educate the children, white and colored. We
desire to educate the white children who, dur-
ing the war and subsequent, by consequent
poverty, were debarred any chance of edu-
cation. We desire to raise up ttie colored
people from out the slough of ignorance into
which slavery has plunged them. During our
Republican State administrations we have
established^three thousand school-houses, and
in one year placed ninety thousand children
at the free schools. But I wish gentlemen to
remember that the southern States are poor.
Desolated and impoverished by war, ive are
illy ab'e to sustain all the burdens which the
new state of things has thiust upon us. Now
that slavery has passed away we have twice as
many children to educate, and yet we have far
less property out of which to raise the money
necessary for educational purposes. ^Now,
here is where the General Government must
. step in and lend us a helping hand. The
children of the South, while and colored, are
not the children of the South alone; they are
the children of the nation. The South has
felt long enough and hard enough the nation s
mailed hand of power; let it now extend to us
the assisting hand of friendship. We have
learned the might of the Urnou, let us now
feel its blessings.
The sum to be received annually by each
State under this bill may seem to the Repre-
sentatives of some of the wealthy and powerful
northern States to be a mere bagatelle, hut to
the southern States who most need it this sum,
annually increasing, as it will, until it gets to
be an immense fund, -will be valuable in itself
as well as an incentive to further effort. And
it is the more valuable to us because it will
not be distributed according to wealth or the
amount of taxation raised, but according to
the number of children, thus equalizing the
old States and the new, the rich States and
the poor.
Opposition is made to this bill on the score
of economy; that we should keep the national
lands for revenue purposes, &c. The experi-
ence of years should teach us that the national
domain is but a national temptation, a grand
invitation for schemes of corporation plunder
and private aggrandizement. Even before
these latter days of railroad land-grabbing
jobs we had plenty of schemes by which the
national domain was lessened and no recom-
pense accrued to the people therefor. We had
even those absurdly ridiculous donations of
" swamp lands," millions of acres given away
as "swamp" which were as dry as the top of
Mount Ararat, and above any possible over-
flow from any source. And so it has always
been and always will be, unless we do some-
thing else than hold it as we do now—avast, un-
guarded treasure, with no especially appointed
guardian.
This billforever consecrates—"consecrates"
is indeed the proper word when creating so
sacred a trust—and sets apart for the educa-
tion of the people the net proceeds of the pub-
lic lands. If you will pass this bill we will
have no more of these gigantic thefts from the
public lands ; we will hear no more of venality
and corruption about land grants. The pub-
lic domain will then be a national blessing.
Hitherto it has almost been a national corse;
it has been a source, a very fountain-head of
corruption ; and it has builded up gigantic
monopolies, which with Briarean arms reach
all over the country, crushing out individual
enterprise, stifling personal effort, and swal-
lowing up the interests of the laborer and of
the smaller capitalists. Cities, counties, even
whole States and State Legislatures, are in the
grasp of these soulless corporations, and they
do with them as they will. Instead of a repub-
lic of the people, we will soon have a despot-
ism of corporations.
It is time we should make a radical change
in this matter. It is time we should utilize this
magnificent heritage of the people, and enjoy
its truits, instead of squandering it as hitherto
in folly and fraud. This bill accomplishes a
double purpose, for it provides a fund which
otherwise would have to be raised by taxation,
and it also secures the public domains, which
else will be wasted and dissipated by new
schemes, of which the future will be as pro-
lific as the present or past.
In behalf of the people of the South I espe-
cially appeal to every southern Representative
to record his votein favorofthis bill. Hitherto
the South, unrepresented in Congress—and
even when fully represented having only about
one fifth of the Representatives on this floor-
has had few of the benefits of national legis-
lation. Millions of dollars are annually appro-
priated for rivers, and harbors, and public
buildings, while a few hundred thousand dol-
lars cover all we get. Millions of acres have
been voted away, and we obtain almost noth-
ing; and the few grauts we did get went mainly
to°benefit northern capitalists. But- under this
bill we will henceforth obtain our full share
of our joint inheritance. I hope no southern
Representative, be he Democrat or Repub-
lican, wi'l vote against it. _ ,
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I yield
a minute tu the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Perce,] who desires to allow an amend-
ment to be admitted.
Mr. PE11CE. i yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Goodrich.]
Mr. GOODRICH. I offer, for the purpose
of having it printed, an amendment which I
i send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend section four by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
Provided, however, That for the first ten years the
distribution of the said fand to and among the sev-
eral States and Territories, including the district
of Columbia, shall be made according to the ratio
of the illiteracy of their respective populations, as
shown from time to time by the last preceding pub-
lic census of the United States.
Mr. McNEELY. I offer the following
amendment, which I desire to have printed.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word " people," at the end of section one,
add the following: " ana after the 1st day of July
next, printer's types and ink, type-metal and print-
ing paper, used for books and newspapers exclu-
sively, imported from abroad into the United States,
shall be exempt from daty and entitled to free
entry,"
Mr. HOLMAF. I offer the following amend-
ment for the purpose of having it printed.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following proviso to section two:
Provided, however, That after the passage of th<«
act no public lands of the United States shall be
sold, except mineral lands and town sites, and all
the public lands of the United States adapted to
agriculture shall be reserved for actual settlers,
under the provisions of the homestead laws, subject,
however, to land warrants and college scrip issued
by authority of Congress, and the grants which Con-
gress sball hereafter make in the Territories and
new States for the purposes of education.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I re-
sume the floor, and yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Burchard.]
Mr. BURCHARD. I have availed myself
of the courtesy of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Townsenb,] not to discuss the
general merits of the proposition, but to sug-
gest some amendments which I think might be
made in the details of this bill; and I desire
to .offer those amendments, or some substitute
that will cover them.
I am rejoiced to hear the Democrats upon
this floor avow themselves in favor of educa-
tion, and that their only opposition to this
measure is that it will interfere with State
rights. But, Mr. Speaker, they fail to specify
any invasion in this bill of the right of a State
to control the education of its people. The
•bill does not compel any State to provide or
enforce a free-school system. It is simply
intended to persuade the States, by offering
them a portion of the avails of the sales ot the
public lands if they will establish and main-
tain a free-school system. The amendments
which Ipropose are first to the second section.
It seems to me that the machinery provided in
that section is unnecessary. Atan early period
of the session I introduced a bill, No. 102,
which differs from this bill in three important
particulars. The first is as to the machinery
and officers through whom the account is to be
taken. This bill proposes that the Secretary
of the Interior shall ceriify the account, to
the Secretary of the Treasuiy._ Now, these
accounts, 1 suggest to the committee, are kept
by the Secretary of the Treasury. He is the
officer to certify to the Secretary of the Interior
the net proceeds of the sale of the public lands.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that this pro-
vision meets the approval of both the Secre-
taries
Mr. BUROHA.RD. Well, I understand that
these accounts are passed upon and adjudicated
by the Secretary ot the Treasury, and it i-> not
necessary, as is provided in this bill, that the
Secretary of the Interior shall certify this
account to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
then the Secretary of the Treasury certify it
back to the Secretary of the Interior. My
substitute proposes that the Secretary of the
Treasury himself shall directly certify th*
account. - . .
There is another point upon which i spoke
the other day. It seems to me that it is better
at once to appropriate all the proceeds of the
sale of the public lands to the objects ot this
bill, so as to iuaugurate immediately a tree-
school system, aud establish free schoola
wherever they do not now exist, ror onej I
