3484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
live there. Now, if you dedicate the hills
above here to the purpose of railroad depots,
it would not be near as convenient for the peo-
ple, and would inconvenience the residences
much more. It does not injure business prop-
erly so much as it does residence property to
have railroads near it.
It is admitted since railroads have been
invented that there must be a place where they
can come in, and I think there is no part of
the city so well adapted to the purpose with-
out disfiguring the city as that portion of
Washington south of the canal. You do not
see a good residence put up. in that part of the
city. Other parts of the city are selected,
better drained, that have better air, &e. You
must dedicate some portion of it,, and it is only
a question of choice which part you will have.
1 invite any one here to look over the city and
see what portion of it they could best dispense
with for this purpose. All concur that rail-
roads must come into the city somewhere.
There are many places that are better for a
park than this. Many places on the hills
about here are perfectly beautiful for a park,
high and dry, and free from miasma. -This
low ground along the canal and near the Poto-
mac is no place for the people congregating
on an evening to ride or walk. It is suggested
by my fiiend from New Jersey [Mr. Frei.ing-
Huysisn] that it will give them all the fever
and ague. [Laughter.] They leave there for
that very reason and go to the hills. Let us
have the park in a more salubrious portion
of the city or outside of the city, where we
can have more ground.
Mr. TI1URMAN. Allow me to ask the
Senator docs he proposes to remove the Smith-
sonian Institute, the Department of Agricul-
ture, and the Observatory?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. And the
Washington monument?
Mr. THURMAN. Does he propose to re-
move I hem from a place that he says is totally
unfit, for habitation? If so, you ought to re-
move the Smithsonian Institution, the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, and the Naval Observa-
tory.
Mr. STEWART. Is the Naval Observa-
tory there?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, a little beyond,
but in the same line; and there is the White
House, too.
Mr. STB WART. One thing my friend had
belter do: he had better remove that loath-
some part of the city, or remove the Smith-
sonian institution.
Mi. TilURMAN. Does not my friend
know that the loathsome part of the city he
speaks of is the part north of the canal and the
canal itself? The moment you improve that
canal in some way that will remove the nuis-
ance ; that loathsomeness is at an end.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are tilling it up
now to make it all right.
Mr. THURMAN. They are filling it up;
but whether that will be the best remedy 1 do
not know.
Mr. BLAIR. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Nevada that this loathsomeness
of which be speaks was caused by an attempt
to make the canal as an improvement, ; but
through the improvement which the Senator
and his friends are now advocating they will
make it still more loathsome by another im-
provement, It has been found necessary to
remove one, and I think it will be found
necessary to remove the other before it has
, been there long.
Mr. S IE WART. If by improvement we
have made one place so loathsome that the
people have ltftit, let us keep the improve-
ment in that locality, and not destroy another
portion by improvements at this time. I
object to disfiguring any other portion.
Now, I would like to have any person select
a place for a depot that will not be more
offensive than this; where it will not do more
harm; where some people will not have more
just cause of complaint; where it will not
injure the value of their property. The prop-
erty on the high lands is held for residences;
but property near the depot site is not fit for
residences. There is no place where put-
ting the depot will not do more harm to prop-
erty owners and to the beauty of the city.
This place has already been ruined by improve-
ment. Let the ruin stay in one place, and not
ruin the whole city.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President. I did not
intend to say anything at allupou the bill; but
I shall say a word or two in reply to some of
the remarks made by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Moiuiiia.]
The Senator laid a great deal of stress upon
the various amendments which the charter of
this company had received from Congress, and
other Senators hare spoken in the same way.
Now, I wish to say to the Senate that this
railroad company has never received one cent,
of money from Congress and not one cent
from the District of Columbia. On the con-
trary, it has conferred upon the District of
Columbia great benefits ; it has conferred upon
the members of Congress very gieat benefits
in making the transit from their homes to this
city much more easy than before. Before a
charter could be obtained to make a railroad
from Baltimore to Washington the travelers
from the North and West and the Northwest
were detained in Baltimore sometimes hours
because of the want of connections. The com-
panies hoi til of Baltimore strove for a long
while to get an act of incorporation from the
State of Maryland to make a railroad from
that, city to this city, but they were not able to
accomplish it. Theic was always a power there
which prevented any act of incoi poi ation being
passed to make a;n additional road between
these two great cities.
Fortunately they discovered that, the people
of the southern counties of Maryland, in their
desire to get a communication through their
country by rail between the r.iiy of Baltimore
and Aquia crec-k, had got a charter long
years ago for that purpose, with the right to
make branches. Discovering that, t.lie gentle-
men who had advanced their money for this
Potomac road bought that charter, came here
to Congress, and asked the right to bring a
branch road into the District of Columbia.
They had a right to make branches, and they
obtained afterward the ri^ht from Congress
to come to the city of Washington, in doing
that they had to expend a very large sum of
money from the junction of that road to
Aquia creek, which is of no account to them,
and for that purpose they bad the right to
get steamboats and make steamboat connec-
tions, out of which the Senator from Vermont
endeavored to make a. bugaboo.
They have brought the road here at an im-
mense expense They had to build a tunnel
into this city of sixteen hundred and eighty
feet long. They are compelled to make a
tunnel through the city of Baltimore of nearly
two miles in length. The tunnel is nearly
finished at the Baltimore end ; it is completed
here, and the road is now within a lew days of
entire completion. Coming here, they discov-
ered that it would be their interest and the
interest of the country south to make connec-
tions beyond this city in a southern direction.
They applied to Congress for the right, to use the
old Potomac bridge. Thatbridge.hadcostCon-
gress from twenty to twenty five thousand
dollars a year to keep it in repair. This com-
pany bound themselves to keep it in repair
forever, and to keep up a common road bridge,
in addition to the railroad bridge, free of cost
to the Government for the use of anybody and
everybody. They spent over five hundred
thousand dollars in building that bridge, and
it takes the place of the bridge beside it, which
was built only a few years ago, but which was
liable to be broken down by every engine
that should pass upon it. The new bridge
is a permanent structure. In passing through
their tunnel to the bridge they have built a
depot, for freight upon Virginiaavenue, so that
the depot they now ask Congress to give them
the riglit to build is one for passengers. The
company will build not only a uselul structure,
but one of the most ornamental ones there is
in the world. The railroad company have had
men traveling in Europe for more than two
years getting designs and making drawings of
the best structures of the kind thioughout
Europe. They are prepared now to build that
immediately, the moment you give them the
right.
I am authorized to say, too, that the Gov-
ernor of the District of Columbia, the Board
of Public Works, and the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds, upon a careful
consideration of this bill as it stands to day,
approve it, and desire that not, an i should be
dotted or a t crossed, so well are tbey satisfied
with the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator allow me?
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather not. I
did not interrupt the Senator from Vermont.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Pennsylvania declines to yield, and he
will proceed.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say also that
the bill contains a proviso allowing Congress
to remove the depot at any future time when
they desire the ground for a park or any other
purpose. The bill gives Congress the power
to do it, and leaves it entirely in the control
of Congress.
Now, a word about parks. The Senator from
Massachusetts made a most beautiful oration
upon that subject; and if that were printed by
ilself without any reference to railroads, theie
is not a young maiden in the land but what
would be delighted in reading it. It was beau-
tiful ; a picture could be made of it; hut it
has no reference to the question in hand. No
man who desiies to see this country prosper
would for a moment take into consideration
the difference between this little bit of a park
and the great benefits which a railroad like
this is going to bring into the city. Men and
women cannot live upon sentiment ; they must
have business; they must have employment
which brings them the comforts and luxuries
of life. That the railroad will do for this city.
Why, sir, this whole c:ty is a park. Talk
about parks here and lungs of the cny. It is
all lungs. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. So it appears here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. The streets of Boston
are about forty to fifty feet wide. ■ Hete the
avi-uues are one hundred and sixty feet wide.
There is no street in Washington narrower
than sixty feet, and some of the-streeta are one
hundred and twenty feet. At every angle you
have a liitle paik, besides this one hete. In
addition to that, the railroad company will
make the park ornamental. Bridges will be
built, under the direction of the Board of
Public Works, passing over the railway, so
that no wrong will be done there. No fieight
will be brought in over that park to interfere
with the taste or the convenience or the pleas-
ure of anybody. All the freight business will
be done at the depot on Virginia avenue; and
nothing will come in to this depot but passen-
gers. They will reach the southern side of
the depot, and pass out by the Pennsylvania
avenue as they would out of a hotel. There
will be no crowding of coaches there ; nothing
at all to inconvenience anybody.
it is very well to talk about the people who
lived in this town when the Government was
established here. What did they do for it^ex-
cept sell their laud for a very high price? T lie
city ought to have been built on this hill where
the Capilol stands, but the owners of property
here, less wise than the men who owned the
swamp down yonder, knowing the property
was valuable, refused to sell H at any reason-
able price, and thus the town was driven to
