744
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the, United States.
for education, per Senate resolution of June
thirteenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine,
and fifth ariicle treaty of May sixth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, two thousand three hun
died and four dollars.
D' Wamish and other allied Tribes in Wash-
ington Territory.
For thirteen instalments on one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, under the direction of
the President, per sixth article treaty of Jan-
uary twenty-second, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
establishment and support of an agricultural
and industrial school, and to provide said
school wilh a suitable instructor or instructors,
per fourteenth article treaty of January twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and fifty five, three
thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
support of a smith and carpenter shop, and
furnishing it with necessary tools, five hundred
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
the employment of a blacksmith, carpenter,
farmer, and physician, who shall furnish
medicines lor the sick, per fourteenth article
treaty of January twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, four thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For fourth of five instalments ou one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, being the
third seiies, for beneficial objects, at the dis-
cretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
supportof an agricultural and industrial school,
keeping in repair the buildings, and providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fitty-five, three hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for pro-
viding suitable instructors therefor, per fitth
article treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping in repair blacksmiths', tin and gun
smiths', carpenters', and wagon and plow
makers' shops, and providing necessary tools
therefor, per fifth article treaty of July six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
employment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tinner, oue gunsmith, one car-
penter, and one wagon and plow maker, per
filtfi article treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
thereforj per fifth article treaty of July six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping in repair the hospital, and providing
the necessary medicines aud furniture there-
for, per filth article treaty of July sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty of July
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping in repair the building required for the
vaiious employees, and furnishing the neces
sary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
ot July sixteenth, eighteen hundred aud fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
Forthirteenth of twenty instalments, forthe
pay of each of the he-id chiefs of the Flat-
heads, Kootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles
tribes, per fifth article treaty of July sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, oue thousand
five hundred dollars.
For transportation of annuity goods and
provisions to said Indians, per fifth article
treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
Gros Ventres.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employees, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
Iowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to July first, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, at five per centum per
annum, for education or other beneticial pur-
poses, under the direction of the President,
per ninth article treaty of May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars at five per centum
per annum, per second article treaty of Janu-
ary fourteenth, eighteen huudred and forty-six,
ten thousand dollars.
Kickapoos.
For nineteenth instalment of interest on one
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum, for educational and other bene-
ficial purposes, per treaty of May eighteenth,
eighteen huudred and fifty-four, live thousand
dollars.
For nineteenth instalment on two hundred
thousand dollars to be paid in eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three, per second article
treaty of May eighteenth, eighteen huudred
and fifty-four, five thousand dollars.
To enable the President of the United
States to carry out tWe provisions of the third
article of the treaty made with the Kickapoo
Indians, dated June twenty eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty two, the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
ascertain the proportionate amount of funds,
and the cash value thereof, to which any mem-
bers of said tribe may be entitled who have
become citizens of the United States, as pro-,
vided in said treaty, and, by converting so
much of the securities of said Indians as may
be necessary for this purpose, pay the same to
each person so entitled, under such rules as
he may prescribe: Frovided, That no part of
said money due or belonging to minor children
shall be paid to them, or to any persou for them,
until said children shall have attained the age
of twenty-one years.
Klamath and[ Modoc Indians.
For second of five instalments, to be applied
under direction of the President, as per second
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, five thousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty instalments, for keeping
in repair one saw-mill, one fiouririg-mill,
buildings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and
wagon and plow maker, the manual labor
school, and hospital, as per fourth article
treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, one thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty instalments, for the
purchase of tools and materials for saw and
flour mills, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon and
plow makers' shops, and buoks and station-
ery for the manual-labor school, as per fourth
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, one thousand five huu-
dred dollars.
For seventh of fifteen instalments, for pay
and subsistencS of one superintendent of
farming, one farmer, one blacksmith, one saw-
yer, one carpenter, and one wagon and plow
maker, as per fifth article treaty of October
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty four,
six thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty instalments, to pay
salary and subsistence of one physician, one
miller, and two school teachers, as per fifth
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, three thousand six
hundred dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For third of ten instalments of thirty thou-
sand dollars (being the fifth series), under
duection of the President, as per fifih article
treaty of January thirty-fust, eghteen hundred
and fifty-live, one thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
support of a smith and carpenter's shop, and
to provide the necessary tools therefor, per
eleventh article treaty of January thirty-fiist,
eighteen huudred aud fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
supportof an agricultural and industrial school,
and pay of teachers, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician, who shall furnish medicine for
the sick, four thousand six hundred dollars.
Menomonees.
For seventh of fifteen instalments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty of May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, und Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one huu-
dred aud seventy-time dollars and six cents.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per filth
article treaty of October sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, and fourth article treaty of
June fifth, eighteen hundredand fifty-four, nine
hundred and forty dollars.
t or permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per fifth article treaty of October
sixih, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth
article treaty of October twenty-third, eighteen
hundred and thirty-four, and fourth article
treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred and
fiftv-four, six hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per thiid
article treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments upon
two hundred thousand dollars, per third article
treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per fourth ariicle treaty of August third,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per articles treaty ot August twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and five, two hundred and
fifiy dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third and separate articles treaty of
