1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
persons engaged in pig-iron manufacture was
as follows: at blast-furnaces, twelve thousand
five hundred; preparation of ore and fuel, forty-
two thousand; total, fifty-four thousand five
hundred. Allowing for the families an aver-
age of six persons, there are three hundred
and seventy-eight thousand in all.
When, sir, it comes down to the matter of
money paid, to actual not ostensible taxation ;
when not revenue merely but burdens are asked
for, I am prepared to show, as I have often
shown before m this House, that this is not
only robbery, but burglary. It is done in the
night, insidiously. It is done by indirection.
It was so decided in this House last session
when we had forty-odd Democrats. Now,
when we have over one hundred, we seem to be
worse off on that subject. Perhaps that is one
reason why we lost in New Hampshire.
I can show this House that in the years 1869
and 1870 there were in iron some $148.7-50,000
paid into the pockets of a few people, iron-
mongers, as a tax on the different kinds of
iron, while there were no more than $5,500,000
as revenue placed in the Treasury. How is it
now in the present year? 1 have a statement.
It is not sufficiently large, I fear. 1 quote from
the World Almanac. On iron hammered,
rolled, and railway iro'n, tiie average duty dur-
ing 1870 and 1871 has been sixty per cent.
ad valorem. The imports durmg 1870-71 have
been $20,000,000. t'iie total amount of con-
sumption was $100,000,000. The amount
of revenue collected during 1870-71 was
$15,600,000. The enhanced amount paid by
the consumers, paid by the fanners, paid by
the ship-builders, paid by mechanics, by all
who use iron ; paid by the people, and paid on
account of the tariff, during 1870-71, was
$68,000,000. Oh ! but that, is never counted as
taxation. Why? Because gentlemen donotlike
to trouble their minds to discriminate between
revenue and taxation, since they must bring
in pig-iron measures on every biil, even into
land grants. Since tbey must add robbery to
burglary, I oppose all subsidies either of land
to the roads thus burdened or of tariff for the
benefit of Pennsylvania or any other State. I
do this ill the interests of the people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will come back a little
more closely to the biil before the House, as
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn
sylvania [Mr. KilungerJ has not yet been
accepted or adopted. 1 venture to say it will
not. be adopted. I venture to say when the
Committee of Ways and Means makes us
tariff report, that the gentleman in the chair,
[Mr. Dawes,] chairman of that committee, will
include in it a measure to reduce the duty on
pig iron to five dollars a ton or less, i his sum
was passed by the last -Congress, or by this
House ; but it was afterward run up again to
seven dollars a ton al ter our long struggle in
Committee of the Whole for two months.
How was it done? It was done by your con-
ference committee, by little bargains.
Mr. KELLEY. No, ray ftiend, you are
wrong. It was put down to five dollars a ton
in the Committee of the Whole, but the House
fixed it afterward at seven dollars a ton.
Mr. COX. Then we beat you iu Committee
of the Whole?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes.
Mr. COX. We beat you in discussion. We
had the facts on yon.
Mr. JBliiLBH, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, 1 lise to a question of order, that
this deb;it'> is not germane to the pending hill.
Mr. COX. 1 will make the connection if I
am permitted to go on.
Mr. UUiLEii, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to take a hand myself when pig iron
conies up.
Mr. COX. I understood the Speaker to
say after the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Killinger,] and after his
amendment had been offered, I was perfectly
in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
expressed no opinion in reference to the gen-
tleman's remarks. The gentleman will pro-
ceed with his remarks.
Mr. COX. It was kind of the Chair to say
nothing about it. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
the attention of the Chair to the fact that the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has not yet been offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is this, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is not yet offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not
a point of order, but a question of fact.
Mr. BUTLER.of Massachusetts. Therefore,
I make the point that the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York are not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order, and decides that
the gentleman from New York is in order.
Mr. COX. I go on this principle in debate :
as you, Mr. Speaker, onee said if you ever
saw the head of a robber above water you hit
it. I try to do the same thing, and sometimes
when I do not see it above water 1 hit it.
[Laughter.]
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
has come over here beside me. He always
wanders about like a perturbed ghost when
anything is said about pig iron. You never,
sir, [addressing Mr. Kelley,] got a bill
through Congress but you tried to tuck pig
iron upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] will please
address the Chair. [Laughter.]
Mi. COX. Will the Chair, then, please
gallant this gentleman [Mr. Kelley] back to
his seat? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York will suspend his remarks
until gentlemen take their seats.
Mr. COX. I shall now try to proceed in
order, having got through with the pig iron
business, 1 trust, until the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means shall report a
bill, when it will come fairly before the House
for debate.
1 opposed this bill granting this great body
of land to this corporation when it was for-
merly before the House. I still oppose it,
although amended and made less obnoxious.
! It is substantially a new grant,. The law says
that H, reverts to the United States on the
failure to take it within a certain time. Every
lawyer, every one who ever saw a gift made
or who reasoned about it legally or morally,
every one who knows what a donation in law
is, must know that- the failure to take it on the
condition upon which it is given is a substan-
tia! reversion of it to the donor. The United
States, in lact and inform, own this land. Else
why does the railroad come here for it now?
Why ask the United States to give it to them
if it is not a fresh gift?
The public sentiment of the people of the
United States demands of their Represent-
atives a condemnation, not merely by bun-
combe resolutions such as we have passed
unanimously, but by your actual yeas and
nays here on this practical question.
I venture the prediction, Mr. Speaker, that
every platform of every party will condemn
this unqualified, unrestricted grant of land to
these few people at the expense of the many.
As I said at the outset, I would be in favor of
all subsidies, provided everybody got a sub-
sidy. But a subsidy, if you look at the dic-
tionary, you will find means a tax ; it means
something which is given away without con-
sideration. When you undertake to give away
inlands, or to give away continents almost, you
are subsidizing or being subsidized. It is all
wrong. It is bad legislation. It has uo end
in its demoralization. We know that our rail-
roads, and especially the California railroads,
as I shall show when the Goat Island bill
comes up again, are running sores on the
body-politic.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Running cars?
Mr. COX. Sores, unpleasant in the nos-
trils of the people. What did the gentleman
from Ohio say ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I asked whether
you said these railroads were running cars?
Mr. COX. I said "running sores," which
are worse than running cars, although some
of the cars are bad enough, too. [Laughter.]
I would like, in the few minutes allotted me,
to say another thing. I could give you facts
that would illustrate iu a peculiar way the
immensity of these grants of public lands ;
but that has already been done in the Senate
and ill the House. That has been done well.
There only remain about four hundred mil-
lions of available land not granted or sold.
And yet there is a parade oftentimes made
in the House of the number of acres that wo
have left. Ay, counting Alaska, counting the
sierras, counting the great alkali and other
unavailable plains, counting the vast Rocky
mountains, we have left large numbers of
acres, great quantities of land. But they are
not valuable. Nearly all the arable land in
this country has already been given away to
corporate leeches. They cry " More, more."
And note it, ye statesmen and economists, I
hail the great opposition at least to these grants
from the State of Pennsylvania and a Repub-
lican member, because his State and its mo-
nopolies must first understand that they alone
must sell the iron to these chartered and gorged
roads. Unless that is done they will oppose.
If it is done will they still oppose ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
redge.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, I was in
hopes to have heard from the gentleman from
Indiana, who is the great enemy of this bill,
before I should make the remarks which I
intend to make.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understood the gentleman tu complain before
that the floor was yielded to the gentleman
from Indiana. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am not finding fault
with the Chair now. I made my complaiut
when he assigned the floor to the gentleman
from Indiana. I now accept this courtesy
from the gentleman from Indiana.
I can hardly expect, Mr. Speaker, to make
an argument on this question in fifteen min-
utes, and yet I may perhaps be able to call
the attention of the House to some of the
points, some of the weak points in the oppo-
sition to it.
It is most extraordinary, and I believe it is
the first time in the history of congressional
action on land grants and in reference to rail-
roads, when we have found so persistent and
determined an opposition to the renewal of a
grant, and especially is itt remarkable when we
censider the fact that more than one half of
the entire road provided for by this grant has
been built.
Gentlemen tell us that the grant was for-
feited by the failure to build the road within
the time prescribed by the act, and the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] is quite
learned upon this subject, telling us that
everybody knows that when a grant is made
upon conditions, and the conditions are not
performed, that grant cannot be taken. But
thegentleman knows, as a lawyer, that in gen-
eral, in cases between individuals, when con-
tracts have been partially performed, courts
of equity will relieve from the failure to per-
forin the condition as to time. Time is never
considered as between individuals unless ex-
pressly so declared of the essence of the con-
tract. Equity, justice, and fair dealing always
relieve from forfeiture on account of time.
Especially is this the case when there is any
reasonable excuse, when the party was pre-
vented from performing by any providential
