1872.
THE C0NGBESSI02UL GLOBE.
707
location, or other disposition of the public lands of
the United States are hereby set apart and annually
appropriated for the maintenance of common schools
for tho free education of all the children in the Uni-
ted States of suitable school age, which proceeds
shall be distributed to each State and Territory, and
to the District of Columbia,in proportion to its
respective population as ascertained by the census
last preceding such distribution.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
cause an account to be taken after the close of each
fiscal year, and ascertain the amount of expend-
itures during the laist preceding fiscal year incurred,
in, or occa<ioned by, thesurvey, sale, location, entry,
or other disposition of the public lands of the Uni-
ted States, including appropriations for the ex-
penses of the general and district land offices during
such year, and the total receipts from the sale or
other disposition of sueh lands, Including all fees
received at such offices, and shall, on or before the
1st day of December of each year, certify to the
Secretary of the Interior the amount of the net ca h
proceeds from the sale, entry, location, or other
disposition of such lands after deducting such
expenses and expenditures.
Sec. 3. That upon the receipt of such certificate
the Oomraissfidner of Education, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, shall proceed to
apportion upon the basis of population, the amount
so certified to the District of Columbia and Territo-
ries of the United .States, and to each State wherein
provision is made by law lor the iree education of
all the children thereof between the ages of six and
fifteen years, and shall certify to the Secretary of
the Treasury ot the United States such apportion-
ment, and to the superintendent of public instruc-
tion of each State and Territory, or other officer
empowered by the laws of such State or Territory to
perform the duty herein enjoined, the amount so
apportioned to such State or Territory.
Sec. 4. That the supermtendentof public instruc-
tion of each State and Territory, or such officer as
shall, by the laws of such State or Territory.be
requi'ed so to do, shall immediately upoa the receipt
of such certificate proceed to apportion the amount
so certified to his State or Territory to the several
districts therein, which shall have maintained for at
least tbree months during the preceding year a free
school for all the children of suc-n district between
the ages of six and fitteen years, which apportion-
ment shall be upon the basis of the population of
such district, and the amount so apportioned shall
be solely applied in payment of teachers'wages;
the said superintendent or officer shall report, his
apportionment so made to the Commissioner of Edu-
cation, who thereupon, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Inteiior, shall certify the same, or
so much thereof as appears regular and correct, to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and to sueh superin-
tendent or inher officer designated as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. That the amount apportioned to the school
di>.triets of any St.Uc, and certified as herein pro-
vided, shall be paid upon the warrant of the Com-
missioner of Education, countersigned by the Sec-
retary ot the Interior, out of the Treasury of the
United States, to the State or territorial treasurer,
or to such officer as shall be designated by the laws
of sueh State or Territory to receive, account for,
and pay over the same to the several districts enti-
tled thereto under such apportionment, whichtreas-
urer or oifacer shall be required to report, on or before
the l&t day ot of each year, to the Commis-
sioner of Education, a detailed statement of the pay-
ments made, and balance in his hands withheld,
unclaimed, or for any cause ui-paid.
Sec. 6. That iu case any State or Territory shall
misapply, or allow to be misapplied, squandered, or
in any manner appropriated or used other than for
the purposes herein required, the funds, or any part
theruoi, received under the provisions of this act.or
shall fail to report, ns herein provided through its
proper officers the disposition thereof, such State
or Territory thai I iorieit its right to any subse-
quent apportionment by virtue hereof, until the
iul! amount bo misapplied, lost, or misappropriated,
shall have been replaced by such State or Terri-
tory and applied as herein required, and until
sueh report shall nave been made.
Sec. 7. That tie Commissioner of Education shall
be ex ojkdo superintendent of public instruction
for the District Columbia, and as such shall make
the app'H tionment. returns, report, and certificates
for said District nf Columbia, in the manner and for
the purposes and under the limitations prescribed
in section lour ot this net, and the money thus up-
poaioneu in said District shall he paid out of the
Troisury of the United States to the pioper officers
emitted to receive, use, account for, or pay over the
same, us may bo piovtded by law.
Mr. TO'vVNSEN'D, of Pennsylvania, I now
yield twenty minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Seeli.abargbk,] on my right.
Mr. S1IKLLABAKG lilt. _ Mr. Speaker, our
experience with this bill furnishes a rather
suggestive indication of what is very often
happening in our country, of how the most
momentous things are disposed of here with-
out attracting to i hem any considerable amount
of a'tenuan, even in that body which disposes
of them. The truth is that m this country we
have become ustd to very large affairs : espe-
cially during the last ten years has that been so,
and I fear it has somewhat spoiled our legis-
lative practices.
Now, sir, here is a bill which will dispose
of the grandest domain that is now upon this
planet belonging to any one Government. I
doubt whether in the history of legislation, at
any rate of modern times, there is to be found
anything, having regard of the national terri-
tory, of the importance of this bill; and yet
I am not sure that one half of us know what
is going on here. Now, sir, this debate on the
part of the friends of this bill has been con-
ducted with most admirable ability; and I trust
they will pardon me for making the remark.
And my reluctance, for I feel some, in speak-
ing now is because I fear that instead ol add-
ing to I will spoil the force of what has been
said in favor of the bill. But I trust it is not
unworthy in me that my desire to speak about
this subject comes rather from an ambition to
connect my name, though but obscurely and
poorly, with it, rather than from any hope I
have that I will aid in securing the passage of
this bill; for I trust there is no doubt about
that.
Now, sir, this bill will forever dispose of all
that we have left of that vast national estate in
land given to us of God. It is suggested that
I should amend my remark by substituting
" proceeds" for "patrimony." I do not know
that the amendment is important. We conse-
crate the land and its proceeds forever, and
put it out of the public property and domain
of the Government of the United States, and
that ends it. Now, a measure that will do so
great a thing as that, we all will agree ought
to consecrate this vast and our last estates in
land wisely and only to the most exalted
ends ; and the question, if we consider any at
all, and I fear wearenotconsideringitenough,
is: are we really doing this wisely ?
Let me now occupy a few momenta by the
consideration of the question whether it is con-
stitutionally proper for us to make this dedi-
cation. Among those on the other side who
have urged the want of constitutional power
I especially listened to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] to whom I always listen
with pleasure, because of the ability and the
clearness with which he states his points. He
presented several points in regard to the want
of power on the part of Congress to pass this
bill. Let me consider one or two of those
points.
One is that the bill proposes to impose upon
certain State officials certain obligations, and
to make the omission to comply with the obli-
gations imposed by act of Congress upon State
officers an offense, and to punish it as such.
He says that sueh a provision is new ; that it
is against the Constitution ; that it makes this
bill clearly in contravention of the fundamental-
law of the country. Now, my friend's mem-
ory fails him when he makes that statement.
Does not the gentleman know that that law
which attracted more of the attention of the
courts, both of the States and of the Federal
Government, than any other law that was ever
on the statute-books of our country—I allude
to the fugitive slave law of 1793—did the iden-
tical thing which he objects to; uot the thing
which this billactually proposes to do, but the
identical thing which he attributes to this bill
and denounces as unwarranted bv the Consti-
tution? That law of 1793 imposed obligations
upon State oSicials with regard to the Federal
right of reclamation of slaves. Agam and
again, all through our history, the validity ot
that law in that regard, as well asia every other,
passed under the most searching ordeals of
judicial investigation that any law was ever
subjected to. Yet it stood the ordeal in
that regard. Iam not saying whether rightly
or wrongly; but whether right or wrong, the
courts sustained it. Although once stated
by the Supreme Court of ihe United Slates in
the ca>.eof Piiggcs Pennsylvania to be the only
provision about which a constitutional question
could be made, yet even there the court jefused
to declare it iucompeteut lor Congress to im-
pose duties iu that way upon State officers.
But, sir, that is not what this bill does. Thig
bill imposes no obligation upon State officials
as such. It does name State officials as per-
sons who, if the States accept this trust, shall
thereby and thereunder become amenable to
Federal law as custodians of a Federal trust-
fund that Congress has a right to completely
manage; and when a State official in accept-
ing the fund has thereby made himself a trus-
tee or agent or depositary of the United States
funds, he voluntarily subjects himself to Fed-
eral control, and is amenable to Federal pun-
ishment as such, and not as a State official;
his official name being used in this act as mere
description of the person. That answers once
for all what tbe gentleman has stated in regard
to the last section of the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I consider next the con-
stitutional propriety of passing this bill, so
far as it affects the autonomy, the machinery
of common-schools as established by the
States. Sir, if this bill even attempted to inter-
fere with the powers of the States over their
common schools, 1 would not, as now advised,
feel warranted in giving it my support. The
common school system is a matter which, I
believe, it is not only wise, but required by the
Constitution that we should leave with the
States, But, sir; is this bill amenable to the
criticism that it disturbs the State's control
over common schools? It seems to me most
clear that it is not, W hat does it do ? My
twenty minutes will not allow me to go through
details: but I can state in a sentence or two
its legal effect in this regard. It takes a cer-
tain fund and says that such States of this
Union as shall provide by law for a sthool
system which shall educate the children be-
tween six and sixteen years of age shall be
entitled to that fund, and others that do not
so provide shall not be entitled to it. If there
is anything more than this in the bill that can
be construed to interfere with the school sys-
tems of the States, let it be named by some
one now and I will yield the floor to hear it.
There is in one of the sections a provision
that fifty per cent, of the proceeds for one
year may go to normal schools, or schools for
the education of teachers, but that is noteom-
pulsory on any State, and if it were, it is only
one condition which the United States attaches
to it. The State is not obliged to make such
a use of this fund. It is not obliged to estab-
lish any system of schools at all, and when
established, that is done by the State, and
controlled by it completely. The bill simply
provides that States which do provide certain
kinds of schools, and keep them open for three
months, shall be entitled to this fund; and
that others who make no sueh provision shall
not be so entitled This is all. Surely, with
its own lands, and these proceeds, over which
the Congress has all the unlimited control of
absolute ownership, the United States can do
as it pleases in giving it to the one of the
States or to all of the States absolutely. And
if they may do so absolutely, then what in the
Constitution forbids the United States bestow-
ing its gratuity, on condition that the State
shall add to the United States funds donated
sueh a State fund as shall sustain a school for
all the children for three months in a year ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see in the light of
our legislation how jar this degree of control,
if it can be called control, over the schools of
the States is authorized by what we have
already done. Let me say first,_ before >o_u
began to exist, sir, the hint was given for this!
species of legislation under the old Articles of
Confederation, in the year 1785, and providing
that schools should be forever encouraged
within a certain named portion of these States.
That hint was repeated again in 1787. m the
celebi ated Ordinance in reference to the North-
west Territory, a subject which, shouidmytime
permit. 1 may allude to before 1 sit down. It
was repeated in those memorable words, which
made a covenant with ail the tuture btates of
the Northwest, that, since education, morality,
