1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2589
(H. R, No. 2333) to aid in maintaining the fire
department of the District of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that one
third of the expense incurred in maintaining
a fire department in the District of Columbia
by the government of (he District shall here-
after be paid by the United States, and the
Secretary of the Treasury is directed to pay
into the treasury of the District of Columbia,
out of any moneys in the United States Treas-
ury hereafter to be appropriated, one third of
the entire cost of maintaining the fire depart-
ment, the amount paid by the United States
in any one year not to exceed $25,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that the proposition contained in this bill
is an exceedingly extravagant one. It is pro-
posed that the ^United States shall pay one
third of the entire expense of keeping up the
fire department of this city. Almost all the
property of the United States in Washington
is fire-proof; a very small portion of it is
liable to the calamity of fire. Certainly the
property of the United States subject to con-
flagration does not begin to approximate to
one third of the entire value of the property
in this city. Washington is already receiving
the benefit of vast expenditures by the Gov-
ernment. The wants of the Government fur-
nish a demand for almost every form of indus-
try, and give employment to almost all the
people here. It seems to me quite unreason-
able that gentlemen who come here for the
purpo.se of being at the capital of the nation,
and who amass wealth at the expense of the
people, should receive this extraordinary ben-
efit of having their property protected at the
cost of the Government of the United States,
whose interest in the property of the city
liable to be destroyed by fire cannot, at. all
approach one third of the entire mass of such
property.
Mr. S FARKWEATHER. This subject has
been befcre the Committee for the District of
Columbia., and we have examined the ques-
tion very fully. I think the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmast] is mistaken. Ibelieve
that the value of the property of the Govern-
ment exposed to fire m this city is more than
one third of all the property so liable. Be-
sides we have no fire-proof buildings. Take,
for instance, the Agricultural Department and
all the other public buildings.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What does the gen-
tleman call a building exposed to fire? Does
he consider the Treasury Department, or the
Patent Office, or this Capitol such a build-
ing?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Our public rec-
ords of a very valuable character are exposed
to tire ill some ten or fifteen different build-
ings outside of the public buildings. While
the Treasury Department, for instance, may
be in one sense fire-proof, in another sense it
is not. Very recently, only last spring, afire
occurred in the arsenal here, which did some
damage, and might have done immense dam-
age but for the services of the fire depart-
ment, which incurred in connection with that
one fire, in the way of repairs, &c., an expense
of over ten thousand dollars.
If gentlemen will look at our public build-
ings m this city they will see_ that they are
quite as mueh in danger as is private property.
The fire department in the city of Washington
is managed more economically, considering its
very efficient condition, than the fire depart-
ments of other cities; and there are fewer fires
here than in almost any other city of the same
size in the Union. There is hardly a city in
the Union of the size of the city of Washing-
ton where there are so few fires, and where
the fire department is managed so econom-
ically as it is in this city.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Let me ask the
gentleman from Connecticut whether all of
the Departments of the Government here are
not watched with great care day and night by
watchmen appointed and paid for that very
purpose?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. You may have
so many watchmen, but unless you have a
good fire department it will do no good.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May they not pre-
vent fires breaking out ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Oar experience
has shown, however closely these buildings
may be watched, very dangerous fires have
broken out. Take this House, for instance,
Mr. Speaker. We have fires going all the time,
and some one of them left unattended might
cause a fire which might get headway long
before it was discovered. Look at the Treas-
ury Department where there are so many fires,
and where, as in this building, the gas-burners
are almost numberless. There is no kind of
doubt in my mind that that buildingis as much
exposed to fire and more than a great many
stores along our streets doing business. This
very Capitol building, although fire-proof, is
liable to have a fire breakout from the number
of fires kept up and from the number of lights
which are kept burning. We know that it lias
been on fire once already. It is as much ex-
posed to fire as other property. Look, too, at
the Agricultural Department, which is not fire-
proof. Not only is the Agricultural Depart-
ment not fire-proof, but very many other build-
ings belonging to the Government in this city
are not fire-proof; and in them are stored
public papers of the utmost value. The State
Department now occupies a building with all
its precious archives liable to destruction at
any moment by fire. Go to any of these public
buildings and you will find their exposure to
fire and to immense damage equal with private
property.
Mr. BBATTY. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Connecticut whether the Seaton
House, now occupied by the Pension Office,
is not just as liable to burn up as any old
steamboat?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Yes, sir; and
yet in that building we have the census papers
and other records of the greatest value to the
Government.
Mr. BEATTY. In my judgment the Pen-
sion Office ought never to have been removed
to that building.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed bills of
the following titles ; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 998) relating to the creation
of new land districts; and
A bill (S. No. 867) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to correct an Army officer's
record.
WASHINGTON I'IKK DEPARTMENT.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. _ I have been
asked to state what is the entire expense of
the fire department here in the city of Wash-
ington. It is some seventy-five thousand dol-
lars, and one third of that would be $25,000,
which is all that the Government of the United
States is asked to pay for the protection of its
public buildings here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe it, was a
great outrage to have removed the Pension
Office to the Seaton House, which is liable to
catch fire at any moment. If a fire break out
in that building, no fire department on earth
can stop it. The Pension Office should not
have been sent there ; and it was a great out-
rage to have sent the valuable records of the
Government to such a place as that. They
ought to have been kept where they were in the
Interior Department. There is as much room
in the Interior Department as there was last
year. They got along there very well with the
additional room they had. In my opinion it
is not necessary that all the assistant clerks
and all the assistant heads of Departments
should occupy three or four empty rooms.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 now yield to
my colleague on the committee from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldredoe.]
Mr.- ELDREDGE. I am in favor of this
appropriation myself, and think it is an aot of
justice to the fire department of the city of
Washington and to the people who reside
here, and to the people of the United States
in general. I do not agree with my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man] that this is ail
unjust proportion of the amount which the
fire department of this city costs. I do not
agree with him that the proportionate value
of the property of the United States is as he
states it. 1 do not believe that the value of
the Government property here is in such small
proportion to the value of the entire property
as he compares it.
The gentleman has said that all the build-
ings are fire-proof. I will tell my friend from
Indiana, as well as the gentleman from Illi-
nois who has just spoken, that such is not. the
case. The experience of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] in the recent ter-
rible conflagration at Chicago ought to con-
vince him at least that there can hardly be
such a thing as a fire-proof building. That
fire demonstrated to the whole country that
there was hardly any sort of a building which
could be called fire proof. There is no eueh
thing as a fire-proof building. When the
heavens themselves melt with fervent heat,
and when the stones are burned up that com-
pose a building, and the iron shutters fall
down, swept away as it were by the besom
of destruction, there is no such thing as a fire-
proof building.
Mr. LYNCH, What good, then, will the
fire department do?
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman asks me
what good the fire department will do. Does
he mean by that to say that we ought to have
no fire department; that we ought to make no
effort to put fires out ? Does he go upon the
principle that because this destruction has
taken place in Chicago he will have no fire
department in his own city to protect his
building? On the occasion of such fires as
that of Chicago there is no fire-proof build-
ing, but in general we have found by expe-
rience that fire departments are of great value
in extinguishing fires. And in this city,
with its broad avenues and wide streets, I
think the fire department can be made very
effective in extinguishing fires, and it would
be niggardly and mean on the part, of the
United States to say that the fire department
kept up here should receive nothing from the
Government of the United States because its
buildings were fire-proof, or because it, has
taken some pains to put, them in a condition in
which they will not be likely to be burned up.
I do not know whether the Secretary of the
Interior was wrong or not in selecting the
buildings which have been referred to ; but it
is a fact that the General Government occupy
more than twenty buildings that are not fire-
proof, which need the protection of the fire
department just as much as the buildings of
the citizens need it. 1 need not enumerate
them. Gentlemen need only call to mind the
buildings to which they go to transact their
business with the Departments to be satisfied
that many or the majority of the places now
used by the Government of the United States
are not fire-proof. There is no reason in the
world why the United States Government.,
having $60,000,000 of property here, while the
citizens have $90,000,000, should not pay some
proportion of the cost of keeping up a respect-
able fire department. The fact that here is a
great city, with a large amount of property
owned by the United States, is sufficient rea-
son why we should pay some proportion of the
expense of keeping up a respectable fire
department in the city of Washington.
