1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'745
Laivs of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
September thiity of September thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and nine, three hundred and fifty
dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per
centum, per Senate amendment to fourth arti-
cle treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred and
fifty four, eleven thousand and sixty-two dol-
lars and eighty-nine cents.
Molds.
For pay of teachers of manual-labor schools,
for aH necessary materials therefor, and for
the subsistence of the pupils, three thousand
dollars.
Mixed Shoshones. Bannocks, and Sheep-
Eaters.
For this amount, to he expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation thereof,in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in pro-
viding employees. educating children, procur-
ing medicine and medical attendance, care for
and support of the aged, sick, and infirm, for
the helpless orphans of said Indians, and in
any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Navajoes.
For fourth of ten instalments, of such arti-
cles of clothing, or raw material in lieu there-
of, lor eight thousand Nav.ijoe Indians, not
exceeding five dollars per Indian, as per eighth
article treaty of June farst, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, forty thousand dollars.
For third of ten instalments, to be used by
the Commissioner ot Indian Affairs in the pur-
chase of such articles as from time to time the
condition and necessities of the Indians may
indicate to be proper, the sum of ten dollars
to each person who engages in farming or
mechanical pursuit (say one thousand four
hundred families), fourteen thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, two thousand
dollars.
For transportation of goods, ten thousand
dollars.
iYez Perees Indians.
For third of five instalments of third series,
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty of June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
support of two schools, one of which to be an
agricultural and industrial school, keeping in
repair school buildings, and tor providing suit-
able furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth
aiticle treaty of June eleventh, eighteen hun-
dred and fiity-five, five hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, forthe
employment of one superintendent ot teaching
and two teachers, per filth article treaty of
June eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, fur the
employment of one superintendent of farm
iiig, and two farmers, two millers, two black-
smiths, one tinner, one gut smith, one carpen-
ter, and one wagon and plow maker, per fifth
article treaty of June eleventh, eighteen bun-
dled anil titiy-five, ten thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
pay of a physician, per filih article treaty of
June eleventh, eighteen hundred andfitty-fivc,
one thousand four hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping 111 repair the buddings for the vari-
ous employees, and for providing the necessary
furniture therefor, per fitth article treaty ot
Juno eleventh, eighteen huudred aud fitty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
the salary of such person as the tribe may
select to be their head chief, per fifth article
treaty of June eleventh, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, one thousand dollars.
For seventh of sixteen instalments, for
boarding and clothing the children who shall
attend the schools, providing the schools and
boarding-houses with necessary furniture, the
purchase of necessary wagons, teams, agri-
cultural implements, tools, and so forth, and ,
for fencing of such lands as may be needed for
gardening and farming purposes for the schools,
three thousand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of
the boarding schools, two assistant teachers,
one farmer, one carpenter, and two millers,
seven thousand six hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for
keeping in repair the hospital, and providing
the necessary medicines, and the furniture
therefor, three hundred dollars.
For repairs of houses, mills, and tools, and
necessary materials, thiee thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Nisquatly, Puyallnp, and other Tribes and
Bands of Indians.
For eighteenth instalment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands, to be ap-
plied to beneficial objects, per fourth article j
treaty of December twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred aftd fitty-four, one thousand dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, for
pay of instructors, smith, carpenter, farmer,
and physieian, who shall furnish medicine to
the sick, per tenth article treaty of December
twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
six thousand seven hundred dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty instalments, for
the support of an agricultural and industrial
school, and support of smith and carpcnter
shop, aud providing the necessary tools there-
for, in conformity with tenth article treaty of
December twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Northern Cheyennes and Arapahoes.
For fouith of thirty instalments, for pur-
chase of clothing, as per sixth article treaty of
May tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For fo.urth of ten instalments, to be ex-
pended by the Secretary of the Interior, ten
dollars for each Indian roaming (say one thou-
sand eight hundred souls), in the purchase of
such articles as, from time to time, the condi-
tion and necessities of the Indians may indi-
cate to be proper, as per same treaty, eighteen
thousand dollars.
For tiausportation of goods, five thousand
dollars.
Omahas.
For fifth of fifteen instalments of this
amount, being third neries, m money or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty of March six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty
thousand dollars.
For seventh of ten instalments, for keeping
in repair a grist and saw mill, aud support of j
blacksmith shop, per eighth article treaty of j
March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty- ;
fout, and third article treaty of March sixth, j
eighteen huudred and sixty-five, three huudred \
dollars. |
For seventh of ten instalments, for pay of
one engineer, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of ten instalments, for pay of
one miller, per same treaties, nine hundred
dollars.
For seventh of ten instalments, for pay of
one farmer, per same treaties, nine hundred
dollars.
For seventh of ten instalments, for pay of
blacksmith, per same treaties, nine hundred
dollars.
For fifth of ten instalments, for support of
blacksmith shop, and supplying tools for the
same, three hundred dollars.
Osages.
For interest onsixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum
per annum, being value of fifty-four sections
of land set apart by treaty of June second,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, for edu-
cational purposes, per Senate resolution of
January ninth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, three thousand four hundred and fifty-
six dollars.
For interest on three hundred thousand dol-
lars. at five per centum per annum, to be paid
semi-annually, in money or such articles as
the Secretary of the Interior may direct, as
per first article treaty of September twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Ottoes and Missourias.
For fifth of fifteen instalments, being the
third series, in money or otherwise, per fourth
article treaty of March fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty four, nine thousand dollars.
Pawnees.
For perpetual annuity, at least one half of
which is to be in goods and such articles as
may be deemed necessary for them, per seo-
ond article treaty of September twenty-fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools,
per third article treaty of September twenty-
fourth. eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, ten
thousand dollars.
For pay of one farmer, two blacksmiths and
two apprentices, one miller and apprentice,
one engineer, and two teachers, five thousand
seven hundred and eighty dollars.
For pay of physician and purchase of medi-
cines, one thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel and other
necessaries for the shops, five hundred dol-
lars.
For the purchase of farming utensils and
stock, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For repair of grist and saw mills, three
hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuities for the Pawnees, two
thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the erection of two school-
houses for the use and benefit of the Pawnee
tribe of Indians, including dormitories forthe
children attending the manual-labor school,
and for providing school furniture, four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Fgr this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the employment of three,
teachers and two assistant teachers, and pro-
viding the schools with fuel, books, and sta-
tionery, three thousand mne hundred dollars.
Poncas.
For ninth of ten instalments (second series),
to be paid them or expended for their benefit,
ten thousand dollars.
For this amount, to be expended during the
pleasure of the President, in furnishing such
aid and assistance in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, including the working of the
mill, as provided by second article treaty of
March twelfth, eighteen hundred and stxiy
[fifty] eight., as the Secretary of the Interior
may consider advantageous and necessary,
seven thousand five hundred dollars;
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessaty, to be used at the discretion ot
the President, to carry on the work of aiding
