1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3485
the west. It ought to have gone east, and then
you would have had, with all these beautiful
surroundings, the most magnificent and the
most healthy city in the world. If you want
a park, as you will some day when this town
has reached its proper height and population,
go up on Rook creek, buy a thousand or two
thousand acres of land there where the millions
of people who probably will live here some
day will go out and get the fresh air. You do
not want drives here. Pennsylvania avenue
is a drive, a better drive than any drive in any
park ill the world, and the cross streets, which
last year have been improved by improved
pavements, make drives about this city.
When 1 got up I only desired to say that this
railroad has had no benefit from this city. They
are coming here to confer a benefit upon it.
Every man who owns a foot of ground south
of Pennsylvania avenue will have his property
increased one or two or three hundred per
ceut. in consequence of the railroad being
made there. The bridge will be a permanent
benefit to the city of Washington, because it
will always be in good condition and men will
not be afraid to travel with their carriages and
horses and wagons across it. There will be
do danger of a railway train breaking down
upon a ricketty thing such as that was before
this company built the bridge, and there they
will have a permanent road crossing this beau-
tiful river. The bridge is now finished, and
when you get this depot the connection will
be made, not only with New Orleans, but with
Texas and California over the Southern Pacific
railroad.
1 said here some time ago, and I repeat
now, that in consequence of the railroad con-
nections being made here, in five years after
this no cotton will go by water from New
Orleans nor Mobile nor any of that country
below us to New York. With these low-grade
railroads, with no grade above twenty-five feet
in the whole distance, the railroads will carry
cotton cheaply, and with these advantages in
addition to their much greater speed cotton
will be carried from New Orleans to New ifork
in fifty hours, and at a price so low that every-
body will be compelled for his own interest to
Send his cotton in that way. That is what the
railroad is going to do here, and in securing
the passage of this trade here this city is ben-
efited as every city is by travel through it.
Look at Baltimore. The night before last,
when at Harrisburg, I got a telegram stating
that some business of importance would be
the next day before the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and 1 started at half past seven to
come here. At half past eleven I was in
Baltimore, and I was compelled to wait until
yesteiday morning—the next morning at seven
o'clock, before I could leave that city. Balti-
more has been built up to sotne extent, but it
loses by the railroad now in existence compel-
ling people to remain there.
1 believe I have spoken more than five min-
utes, and I will not detain the Senate longer
than to say in regard to this park that the pro
posed depot is to be at the northeastern point
of the park, and it occupies a very little space.
The Agricultural Department, the Smithsonian
Institution, and the Washington monument
are away beyond it. This comes m below
Seventh street, and all beyond that is undis-
turbed.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, it has already
been stated by the Senator from Ohio that it
this were a question of whether we should
exclude railroads entirely irom the city none
of us would hesitate. With our present light,
the necessity of railroads for the convenience
and prosperity of great aggregations of people
is so well understood that no-one would hesi-
tate at ail to concede to this company or to
any other company a convenient place lor a
depot.
But, Mr. President, that is not the question.
They may have and have had already a con-
cession made to them of a site tor a depot as
convenient, perhaps, as any depot possessed
by any railroad in any other city of this coun-
try.
COCKLING. Where is tbat?
i j ' j tt '■"' 't® intersection of Mary-
land and Virginia avenues, in the south part
or the city.
Mr. CAMERON. That is to he used for a
freight depot, and there, as I stated, is where
the freight will be loaded and unloaded.
_ Mr. CONKLING. What is the objection to
it as a passenger depot?
Mr. CAMERON. Because it is not con-
venient to the town, and it is not large enough.
Mr. BLAIR. This depot which was con-
ceded to this company, to which they now
have title, is one very convenient in its loca-
tion. The access to it is through this park
from all portions of the city. We know that
in other cities when we go to railroad depots
we generally go through the purlieus of the
city, the outskirts, to reach them. Here the
depot which has already been conceded to
this company is approached from every por-
tion of the city through this park by some of
the different roads which cross it. It is not,
therefore, a question of whether we shall
build a Chinese wall around the city ; it is not
whether we shall afford ample facilities to
railroad companies or not; but t.he question is
a far different one. 'J he question is whether
we shall concede to this company that which
will be ill reality a monopoly of the business,
because it gives them access to the very heart
of the city, while excluding all other railroad
companies from it. It has been well said that
we cannot concede this to one road without
in fairness and justice conceding it to others;
and the result of such concession will end in
yielding up the whole of this park and all this
reservation for the purposes of railroads.
Mr. President, not only has this company a
depot already assigned to it, but that depot is
upon the line of us communication with the
southern roads, and in order to reach the depot
which they are now asking Congress to con-
cede to them, they have to leave the line of
their connection with the southern roads and
come half a mile distant into the heart of the
city across the park. So that they stand not
m the attitude in which they seek to present
themselves here, as asking for some conven-
ience in their junction with soutliern roads
for a depot for their traffic in this city. They
are not denied eitherof thesethings. I heyhave
already been conceded to them with great, gen-
erosity. The depot ground was given to them
by Congress, and not only that, but the bridge
across the Potomac was given by Congress.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am not positive, but I
think the depot ground was not given to them.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 think it was.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is at the junction of
the two avenues.
Mr. CAMERON. Was it conceded to them
by Congress without anything being paid tor
it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, the junction of two
public avenues.
Mr. BLAIR. I know that it is the junction
of two public avenues, but there is a large
spate, five hundred feet in one direction by
three hundred feet the other, ample tor a great
union depot large enough for the use of all the
railroads that come into this town, and in the
very spot which places this road on a direct
line with their southern connections ; and for
the purpose of enabling them so to communi-
cate the Government of the United Stales has
by a bill passed by Congress already given
them the Long bridge over which to make that
connection. That is true. The Senator shakes
his head, but 1 know it. I have seen the law o!
Congress. Does he not know that such a law
was passed giving them the use of the Long
biidge for their connections?
Mr. CAMERON. Congress gave it to them
on condition that they would keep it in re-
pair. That bridge has cost the Government
from twenty to twenty-five thousand dollars a
year to keep it in repair. The Government
rebuilt it, withm my remembrance, I think
some three or four times.
Mr. BLAIR. Would the Senator have the
Government keep it in repair for him or his
railroad?
Mr. CAMERON. I did not say that. I
said that the Government gained by giving
that bridge. They made a bargain by which
they got clear of that expense. It was broken
down then.
Mr. BLAIR. It may have been a bargain
that benefited the Government, but the Sen-
ator cannot deny that it benefited the railroad
company.
Mr. CAMERON. It benefited the railroad
company certainly, because it gave them 'the
most convenient place for crossing the Poto-
mac river.
Mr. BLAIR. Besides having a bridge to
cross on.
Mr. CAMERON. But the bridge was in a
broken down condition when (he Government
gave it to the railroad. The Government,
therefore, was benefited by its gift.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator informed us a
few moments ago that the city had done noth-
ing for this road and the road had done every-
thing for ihe city, and that the Government had
done nothing for it. Now, I assert that the
Government has dune very well for them, for it
has given them a depot, given them a right of
way, given them abridge, and authorized them
to charge other roads that go over the bridge,
and all they have to do is to keep the bridge
which the Government has given them in repair.
Mr. CAMERON. 'I hey have not only built
a bridge, but they are compelled to keep up a
road-way over it free of cost by the conditions,
of the gift from the Government—a wagoti
bridge.
Mr. BLAIR. It was to their advantage.
Mr. CAMERON. No; the old bridge was
worn out and broken down.
Mr. BLAIR. There was a large portion of
it certainly that was not broken down, that was
filled up with solid masonry. If any portion
of it was broken down, it was only at either
end of the biidge; but much the larger portion
of'that bridge was built of solid masonry, and
stands there to-day as it was built.
The Senator from Pennsylvania informs us
of the immense sums of money that this com-
pany has expended in order to come here and
benefit the city of Washington. 1 think he
said the railroad has cost $(1,000,000.
Mr. CAMERON. I thmk so.
Mr. BLAIR, That is the statement made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania. Whatever
.t cost, it' it cost double that, in my view it is-
not worth as much to the city of Washington
as this park is which it seeks to destroy. There
is not a city of this size in the country that has
not built for itself a park and ornamented
it. The city of New York has expended over
thirty million dollars for a park, mid I pre
sume the city of Philadelphia has expended
quite or nearly half that sum on its grand
park. Other cities are expending enormous
sutns of' money upon their public parks.
This park is worth more to the city of Wash-
ington and to the people of Washington, and
to the sojourners in Washington, than this
Baltimore and Potomac railroad. I do not
undervalue this great public improvement, but
1 know very well that the road was not built
for the convenience of the people of Washing-
ton. The men who have it in hand are too
wise to expend their money simply for the
convenience of other people. As a matter
of course the railroad was built for the piolit
of the stockholders. Of course the building
of it coolers an immense advantage upon the
citizens of this District; but all the con-
veniences up to this time that that company
could rightfully ask have been conceded to
them by the Government of the country.
They have had the right of way, they have
