1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
act, any great national calamity or other cir-
cumstance beyond the control of the party,
and unforeseen by either party. Itis considered
inequitable and unjust to insist upon strict
performance in regard to time when the party
has acted in good laith; and more particularly
is this the rule when the failure to perforin
strictly has worked no actual injury to the
other party.
Now, here is a railroad grant made for the
purpose of building a road some four hundred
and odd miles long. Two hundred and twenty
miles of that road have been built, and built in
good faith during hard times, and during times
when almost all other railroad projects had to
be suspended. The United States has derived
advantage from it. Its lands have been in
creased laigely in value, It has derived money
from it which has passed into its Treasury and
is in no way injured by the delay ; and now be-
cause the contiaethas not been fully performed,
because the road isnot entirely completed with-
in the time named in the grant, gentlemen come
in here and seek to take advantage, and insist
upon forfeiture, as they call it, for a mere lapse
of time, without restoring or offering to restore
what has been received in part performance
from the State and people of Wisconsin, with-
out any intention of or effort to restore the
parties to their former condition.
Why, sir, no one but a rascal dealing with
an individual in his individual capacity would
attempt to do such a thing—would seek a for-
feiture in such a ease. No honest, upright,
just man would entertain ail idea of taking
such an advantage of avoiding a contract per-
formed to the extent of this for a mere failure
as to time. The courts of equity have always
relieved from such failures, and I hope they
always will. They never hold time as the
essence of such cotitracts as this railroad grant.
Will gentlemen contend that it is right or just
for this great Republic to do what could not
upon any just piiuciples of law or equity be
permitted to an individual? Will any honest
man be willing his country should do what
he himself would be ashamed to do; what
would not be agreeable to equity and good con-
sciences as between man and man? I trust
not.
The practice of the Government has been
from the beginning on this subject not to take
advantage of the question of lime. It has not
heretofore done it, but has uniformly, with
great liberality and generosity, neglected and
refused to do it. The Government 111 this case
has not taken this advantage and forfeited the
grant or declared it forfeited, but has held the
lands in reserve out of market, thus declaring,
as plain as acts or words can declare, to the
people ot' the State and citizens all along the
line of the road, and everybody interested in
the grant, the belief that the Government did
not intend, if it could, to take advantage of
the failure as to time. Here, then, we not
only have the law and justice of the c'ase, but
we have the practice of the Government in
general and in the particular case in favor of
the renewal. The Government has not only
not declared any forfeiture, but has held out
to the world the strongest evidence that it
never intended to forfeit the grant because the
road was not completed within the time pre-
scribed by the original acts. No mail can
deny that the State of Wisconsin and the com-
panies engaged in building the road and the
people and the country at large had a right so
to consider, and act upon such consideration.
The authorities, the proper department of the
Government intrusted with such duties, has
held and does to day hold these lands in re-
serve, withdrawn from entry, for the purposes
of this grant. Can such action as'this be
ignored or disregarded in any proper consid-
eraiion of the case? Is there nothing in all
this that is obligatory upon the Government
or upon which those interested in obtaining
the benefit of the lands may urge in justice I.
and equity their claim? Such acts would
estop an individual from insisting upon forfeit-
ure; and for one I am not sent here to do for
my country what would be dishonest for me to
do for myself.
Now, it is said by gentlemen on my side of
the House, by friends whom I respect, whose
opinions I regard very highly, that this is to
build up a monopoly ; that they oppose it on
the ground that it is to make another corpora-
tion monopoly. Sir, no one entertains stronger
sentiments of hostility to monopolies than 1
do. During the time I have served in Con-
gress I have invariably voted against all meas-
ures I believed calculated to promote or build
up monopolies. But some of the very gen-
tlemen who make use of this cry of monopoly
are themselves acting in ihe interest of one
of the largest monopolies there is in this or in
any other country. They are doing all ill their
power to take this grant of land from this little
corporation of four hundred miles of road, and
to give it to the Northern Pacific railroad cor-
poration, with its hundreds of millions of cap-
ital and a grant of land running the entire
breadth of this continent. And yet they
talk to me about acting in the interest of a
monopoly.
Those gentlemen will have to explain their
own course upon this subject. This bill is not
in the interest of a monopoly. It is to build
up a little road to compete somewhat with the
great road. It is, if you please to so style it,
a bill to help a small corporation to resi&t in
some little degree the grasping power of a
great monopoly. It is a bill, if passed, that
will cause the building of more than two hun-
dred miles of new road in and through the
wilderness of Wisconsin. It will apply the
lands to some good and useful "purpose that
otheiwise will pass into the possession of the
largest landed monopoly of the world and add
not one foot of road or be of one dollar's
interest to the people.
I must say that I was astonished atthe speech
to-day of my friend from New York, [Jlr.
Ketoham,] the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, from which this bill now comes.
Without any disrespect to him, and meaning
in no way to impugn his motives, I must say
that if his speech had been written out by an
attorney of the Northern Pacific .Railroad
Company, it could not have been a better
argument in the interest of that company.
Every word of it was in the interest of that
company, and just such a speech as might
have been made by the president or attorney
of that road.
And he winds up his remarks by offering an
amendment that these lands shall be immedi-
ately brought into market and the reservation
withdrawn. What would be the effect of such
a provision? The effect would be that every
acieof the land which is embraced in this
bill would be grasped by the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, and the gentleman lrom
New York" [Mr. Kbtcham] must have known
it when he offered that amendment; he must
have known it, it is impossible that he
should not have known it. And I ask, what
better could have been done by ail attorney
of the Northern Pacific railroad than to take
away the reservation which has kept these
lands out of its grasp? The answer must be
that nothing better could be done. It is just
what that company wants, and just what it has
been waiting for in order that it might gobble
them up.
Gentlemen talk much about acting in the
interest of the people, 111 the interest of the
laborer, of actual settlers, in the interest of
soldiers, m the interest ot widows and orphaus;
and they speak loudly and eloquently upon
that subject, as though they wete their pecu-
liar guardians. Do gentlemen furget that the
laboring people, that the soldiers, the widows,
and the orphans in this great country do not
all live in the city of New York or Philadel-
phia? _ Do they suppose that no one is inter-
ested in our public lands except those who
live in these cities? You have not a constit-
uent in either of those great cities that you
could hire to go out into this country and
settle upon this land, if you would pay their
expenses there and support them after they
gut there. Such pretenses are the humbug,
the demagogue argument, as weak as it is
absurd.
Sir, I tell gentlemen they are not acting in
the interest of the poor man,. the laboring
man, or the actual settler in their opposition
to this bill. Gentlemen may talk as they will
about it. and say what they please; but the
fact still remains that they are acting in the
interest of great corporations and great mo-
nopolies, and against the settlers upon the
lands in the great western States. There have
already been sold at $2 50 per acre along the
line of this road one hundred and seventy-five
thousand acres to settlers, as will appear by
the following letter from the Commissioner of
Public Lands, which I send to have read by
the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of this Interior,
Ubxeral Land Officb,
Washington, D. (J., January 19,1872.
Sir : In reply to your communication of the 12th
instant, making inquiry relative to the amount of
land disposed of at $2 50 per acre along the line of
the St. Croix, Lake Superior, and Bayfield railroad,
in consequence of the grant to that road, 1 have the
lionor to inform you that the amount shown by our
records, from the nearest approximate estimate, is
about one hundred and seventy-five thousand acres.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIS DHUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. M. Rusk, House of Representatives.
Mr. ELDREDGB. Those settlers have gone
upon these lands, they have penetrated into
this wilderness with their little families, not-
withstanding the hard times, with the expecta-
tion that some day not far off they could come
out again and transport their products to
market upon this railroad which the Govern-
ment pledged its aid to build. The answer
of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ketcham] will not do ; it is no answer ttiat
those settlers would not now take for the
lands they bought at $2 50 three times the
amount they paid for them. Sir, that maybe
true. After the settler has opened up his
iarra, after he has erected his buildings and
constructed his fences upon it, it is very true
that he would not take three times what he
originally paid for the land. But the chief
value now is what he has added by his labor
to it, and not the laud itself; and because they
have made their lands thus valuable, and will
not dispose of them for their original cost, is
no reason why they should be charged twice
as much as other settlers upon the public lands,
All around them are lands still unoccupied ;
and if' they are so valuable as gentlemen say,
why do not men from New York and Philadel-
phia and our other large cities, who are always
on the lookout to pick up valuable lands at low
rates, go out there and buy them? Do gentle-
men believe that these lands are so valuable,
and still unclaimed, unsold? The alternate
sections have been subject to entry aud sale.
It is pieposterous to suppose ihey are worth
any such sum as claimed by the gentleman
from New York.
You are all invited cordially by those who
have gone before to the western States to go
out there and make homes upon these lands.
We will give you all the right hand of fellow-
ship when you come out there, and ask noth-
ing of you, except perhaps that you shall vote
the Democratic ticket. [Laughter. J And my
colleagues on the other side will not even in-
sist upon that. [Laughter J
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Tyner]
had read a section from the Northern Pacific
lailroad act, and attempted to show that that
company could not get any of these lands. In
the way he construed that section that would
