1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4381
lation, the more usurpations of power, the
sooner will be the end of this power and the
better will it be for the Democratic party, now
the only hope of the country. It stands in
need of a stimulating oppression just at this
time. Let us have it both in your regular and
in your extra sessions. The country needs
arousing upon the eve of the most important
presidential election ever had. But, Mr.
President, I say to you as an American Sen-
ator, I am prepared to pass your appropriation
bills to support the Government; I am here
to night for that purpose. I have remained
faithfully at my post of duty to do it; but
when I have done that you cannot expect me
as a Democrat, nay, more, as an American
citizen, to pass your party measures or to stand
by and permit them to be passed—measures
that I consider in the highest degree injurious
to the best interests of the country and vio-
lative both of the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. STOCKTON, (at three o'clock and five
minutes a. m., Saturday.) I am very sorry to
interrupt the Senator from Maryland. lalways
listen to him with a great deal of pleasure; but
it is about the usual hour of adjournment, I
think, [laughter,] and I hope the Senator will
permit me to make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from
Maryland yields at all, I insist that he shall
yield absolutely, as a matter of order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Mary laud. I did not
hear the remark of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. STOCKTON. Nor I, either.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The remark I made was
that if the Senator yielded at all, I insisted
under the rules that he should yield absolutely.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is that the rale?
Mr. STOCKTON. It is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been ruled so fifty
times.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think we might aS>
well have that matter settled now. The Sen-"
ator from Vermont has threatened us once or
twice on that point. If it is his privillege to
do it, I want him to do it. But I insist, and
the Chair will correct me if I am mistaken,
that the invariable practice not only of the
Senate, but of all deliberative bodies, from
time immemorial, has been that it is always
in order to yield to a motion to adjourn, with-
out forfeiting your right to the floor.
Mr. TKUMBULL. I have served some
time in the Senate, and I never before heard
such a suggestion as that made by the Sena-
tor from Vermont. I am astonished at it.
It cannot be entertained unless all rule and all
precedent and all practice in the Senate are
to be set aside, and by violence, by breaking
down all the practice of the Senate, by over-
riding all the rules of the Senate. Such a
proposition was never heard by me in the Sen-
ate before, that a Senator could not yield for
a motion to adjourn without losing the floor.
What has it come to? Is the Senator from
Vermont setting himself up here to dictate
that a Senator shall not yield for a motion to
adjourn ? This is a new practice in this body.
I object to any such rule—it could not be any
rule—any such arbitrary proceedings as that
here. I hope the Senator will not attempt to
enforce—attempt to enforce, do I say—I hope
he will not attempt to impose upon the Senate
such an assumption.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I always feel a little
alarmed when ray good friend from Illinois
comes in once in awhile and puts on that school-
master air of his. I do not know but that he
has a ferule under his desk and I am to receive
castigation as well as admonition. [Laughter.]
Now, I will leave the Senator from Illinois,
who is not here often enough when there is
any voting to be done to khow all that takes
place, to himself. 1 rose, as I thought in honor
I was bound to do, because I do not imitate
people who do otherwise if I know it, so that
there should be a fair ruling in order to enforce
the fourth rule so as to tell my friend from
Maryland in advance that I should make the
point. If I have a right to make the point, of
course he cannot complain if I gave him fair
notice in advance. Now, sir, the Presiding
Officer of this body, the Vice President, has
within two months, although of course the
Senator from Illinois does not know it, decided
more than half a dozen times that if a Senator
was asked to yield the floor, and it was insisted
upon, and notice was taken of it, he must
yield it absolutely for any motion that was to
be made. I have nothing to say to the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never heard of such
a case in reference to an adjournment.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Mary-
land was on the floor arguing the question
before the Senate. I asked his permission to
make a motion to adjourn, leaving him on the
floor. I make that motion and ask the ruling
of the Chair whether that motion is not in
order. I move now that the Senate adjourn,
and that motion is not a debatable question if
I understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the motion is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that two gentlemen can occupy
the floor at the same time?
Mr. STOCKTON. That is not the question
before the Senate. The question before the
Senate is whether my motion to adjourn is m
order. It is not debatable and I ask that it
be put to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order.
Mr.^ EDMUNDS. Very well. So do I
think it is in order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Just one
moment, Mr. President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a division
first.
Mr. STOCKTON. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. That will not leave us
without a quorum, because we can send out
for other Senators on the yeas and nays.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes eleveu.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays. The Senators are in the cloak-
rooms.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas, 11, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Caiserly, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, arid Trum-
bull—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkiing, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, and
Wilson—3U.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Clayton. Cooper, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, 1'enton, Ferry
ot Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, liamlm,
Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Rice. Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Viek-
ers, West, Wmdom, and Wright—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, I was remarking about the danger of
such a construction of the rule, because under
it we could attach as an amendment to this
bill the steamboat bill, in the discussion of
which we might remain here for two or three
weeks. I am sure if the honorable Senator
from New York would redeem his pledges to
show up the enormities of that bill, as he prom-
ised to do, two weeks would not see us through
with that single proposition. But then, that
being admitted to be in order, we are to have
in addition to that the civil rights bill, so
called, of the Senator from Massachusetts.
How long, with limitless debate, do you sup-
pose it will take us to get through with this
bill with that offered as on amendment to it
and declared to be in order? Then in addi-
tion to that you have what is commonly called
the election bill; that can also be offered, and
into what an abyss of discussion, debate, con-
test, passion, excitement, are we cast? Just
think of it; when we were all looking to the
end of this session with joy that we might
escape from this city and go to our homes,
after passing the whole session without doing
anything, it is now proposed to encumber the
appropriation bill with such measures at this
period and thus delay or prolong the session.
Why, sir, hardly will the vote be cast upon this
amendment, should it be adopted, before the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts will be
on the floor with his so-called civil rights bill,
and then what are we to hear, or what expect?
1 listened to the most extraordinary speech
made by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts the other day. It was an extraor-
dinary speech. I never heard one like it fall
from the lips of that Senator, nor from the lips
of any other man, nor do I think I ever read
one like it in the classics or in modern litera-
ture. If he is to bring that same kind of spirit
developed in his speech into the advocacy of
this, his favorite measure, too, just following
after the Philadelphia convention, with ita
fruition of labors to the immeasurable disap-
pointment of the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and he shall in the same spirit
undertake to force this measure upon his party
as he undertook to force his party against the
President, you may anticipate what kind of a
time you are going to have. When shall we
adjourn, and what will become of your candi-
date for the Presidency, or of your party either?
The President has had enough to bear by the
arraignment made by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts without putting to him
this chalice. Do not press him to the wall by
this bill, in addition to what he has already to
bear in the speech of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. Do not put this cup to
his hps, for I conjecture that the bill intended
to be offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts is his own pure unadulterated social
equality bill; nor put it to the lips of your
party. Honorable Senators upon the other
side of the Chamber have so far avoided direct
contact with it. Why not do so still ?
This is the first time since my service in this
Chamber that I have seen the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts wide awake at this
time of the morning. [Laughter.] lie is
waiting, he is eager to test both the sincerity
and the courage of our Republican friends on
the other side of this Chamber. He wants
the eighteenth plank in that platform before
he is willing to yield the session. There
are seventeen too many now, I hope, for the
people ; but for the eighteenth, intended to be
proposed by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in this Chamber, as it was not pro-
pounded in terms to the Philadelphia conven-
tion, he can have a fair-play exhibit, equiva-
lent to a formal declaration of a convention.
His proposition will not have a taint of Demo-
cratic support. So there can be no double or
equivocal responsibility in its support in this
Chamber.
Let honorable Senators who are forcing the
proposed amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg,] take the
responsibility of the amendment to be pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
When that measure of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is offered, and the question of order
is propounded to the President of this body, I
want to see the issue made upon that and the
difference explained between that and this
now under consideration. I, for one, do not
believe it would be in order, as I do not be-
