1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
seem to be so. The proviso of that section is
as follows:
"That if said route sball be made upon the line
of any other railroad route to aid in the construc-
tion of which lands have been heretofore granted
by the United States, as far as the routes are upon
the same general line, the amount of land hereto-
fore granted shall be deducted from the amount
granted by this act."
Now, the gentleman ought to know—I sup-
pose he does know—that this St. Croix road
is not upon the same "general line" as the
Northern Pacific road. It crosses it diagon-
ally ; so that by that reservation there is noth-
ing saved out of this grant, and the Govern-
ment ought so to have construed it. The
provision is that the deduction shall be made
only where the lands have been granted to a
road running along the " same general line,"
and it is not pretended that this road runs
along the line of the Northern Pacific road.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
always eloquent and oftener than not funny,
has got, as he seemed to think, tolerably close
to this question in discussing the subject of
pig iron. Though I did not see it in that light,
1 suppose he did, because it gave him a chance
to go for the great champion of pig iron from
Philadelphia, [Mr. Kelley.] Near as he did
get, however, he was only about as near the
Northern Pacific railroad and the clashing
interests of these two roads as he was to pig
iron ; not near enough still to the subject of
the bill under consideration to commit either
"burglary," "theft," "robbery," or "rape"
upon it. He argued no question connected
with it. He talked well, as he always does.
I have sometimes thought I would give the
world if I could talk as well as he can. But
I believe I have the faculty of getting a little
closer to the subject under discussion than he
does.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are several matters
to which I would like to refer in this discus-
sion, but my limited time will not permit me.
Gentlemen who oppose this grant must con-
sole themselves as well as they can with the
fact that in refusing the renewal of the grant
to this small corporation they thereby give it
to the great monopoly, the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company. They cannot escape this
conclusion ; and! believe they have abandoned
the attempt to do so, so far as may be judged
by the amendments they have offered; for
they have, in every form that imagination can
conceive or language express, endeavored to
prevent this St. Croix road from getting any-
thing except what the Northern Pacific might
take; and still they oppose the bill with the
same vehemence that they did the original.
I leave the gentlemen themselves to explain
this inconsistency. 1 can only see their action
as in the interest of the Northern Pacific rail-
road.
I wish to inquire of the Speaker whether
the amendment which I offered is considered
as pending? If not, I wish to offer it now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his amendment.
Mr. ELDltEDGK. I did state it before;
but whether it was considered as pending or
not, 1 do not know. I moved an amendment
to the second section of the bill by striking
out all after the word " act," in the fifteenth
line, down to aud including the word "com-
pany," in the seventeenth line; the words I
propose to strike out being " Or as granting to
said State any lands in lieu of which other
lands might be selected by said Northern
Pacific Railroad Company."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Thatamend-
ment would be in order if the gentleman had
the Uoor in his own right.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Have I not the right to
offer an amenement under the general consent
given by the House that amendments might be
offered?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
mail from Indiana [Mr. Hqlman] is entitled
to the floor, and has yielded to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkedge] to explain
the pending measure.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My colleague [Mr. Bar-
ber] yielded to me, and I offered my amend-
ment "at that time. 1 simply wished to inquire
whether the amendment was understood as
pending from that time?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No gentle-
man from Wisconsin has had the floor in his
own right since this debate began, and hence
no colleague of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldredge] could have yielded to him
for the purpose of offering an amendment. If
the gentleman from Indiana yields to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin for the purpose of
offering an amendment, he yields absolutely
according to the rule. The gentleman from
Indiana will state whether he yields for that
purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Wisconsin will not insist on my yielding for
that purpose at this time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I supposed that the
chairman of the committee and myself had
an understanding that that amendment was
to be offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be
in order to offer the amendment before the
vote is taken. Any motion to amend the
matter which the committee propose to add
to the bill will be in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume that the amend-
ment ought to be admitted ; and I yield for
the purpose of allowing it to be offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the
amendment will be considered as pending.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have only one word
to say in regard to this amendment. I wish
to explain its object and intention.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Ritchie.]
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Speaker, I find myself
in an unenviable position. The vote which I
feel impelled to give under a sense of duty
incurs for me a risk of misconception. In the
face of thejustifiable prejudice against extrava-
gant donations of the public lands, any vote
iu behalf of even continuing a grant already
.made exposes the one giving that vote to mis-
understanding and misconception. But, sir,
to my humble apprehension, it would be a
dereliction to shrink from giving the sanction
of my vote to what my judgment approves
lest that vote may be misunderstod and I may
be required to defend it.
I have brought to the consideration of this
measure a disinterested spirit. • I am not from
Wisconsin. I am not from any part of the
Union interested iu the question of land grants.
The State of Maryland has received but an
insignificant portion, I think two hundred
thousand acres for an agricultural college, and
that is all she has ever leceived of the public
domain. No matter what railroaHs or what
States may or may not receive portions of the
public territory, the State of Maryland in all
probability will receive nothing; andl occupy
a position of disinterestedness in regard to
these States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did not Maryland
receive all the lands within her borders? The
Government never received any land in the
State of Maryland.
Mr. RITCHIE. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Government
owns no public lands in the State of Maryland
and never did. You have all your lands.
Mr. RITCHIE. I understand there are no
States until they are framed. They are
carved out of our territory. I suppose the
States stand equally in regard to the common
treasure and the common property of this com-
mon Government.
But, sir, I was only endeavoring to show I
have brought to this question a disinterested
spirit. More than that, no one is more scrupu-
lous than myself in regard to the disposition
of the public domain; and I have watched
with interest aud approval the general course
of my distinguished friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] in that spirit of watchfulness he has
exhibited in protecting the Treasury and the
property of the Government. But I am con-
strained to say, to the best of my judgment,
that spirit of vigilance is misapplied in this
case. If this were an original proposition, if
we were now discussing the question whether
or not the State of Wisconsin should receive
an appropriation of territory, no one would be
more jealous than myself in yielding assent to
it. But the distinction between an original
grant and waiver of forfeiture of it is too obvi-
ous for its discussion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute moved by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ketcham,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add at the end of the substitute the following:
But no part of said lands shall be selected by or
inure to the benefit of any railroad company,
under any assumed grant from the United States,
and said lands are expressly reserved for the bene-
fit of actual settlers under the provisions of the Said
homestead act.
Mr. KETCHAM. I am willing to accept
that as a modificaiion of my substitute.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection the substitute will be so modified.
Mr. HOLMAN. With that proposition
pending, the question is whether all these lands
sball now be reserved for actual settlers under
the homestead law, or shall inure to the ben-
efit of one or the other of these corporations.
For I do not intend to let my friend from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldredge] have the benefit of
the alternative that these lands shall go to
the benefit of the Northern Pacific railroad,
pr the benefit of the St. Croix and Superior
railroad. That is not the alternative. The
question is, under the law organizing that
Northern Pacific Railroad Company and
the lapse of the grant of these lands made to
the St. Croix and Superior company, whether
the lands shall inure to the benefit of either of
those corporations, or be reserved for the ben-
efit of actual settlers under the homestead law.
Let me call attention to one provision of the
act of 1864, granting lands to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company.
It will be found that, no lands were granted
to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
which had been "reserved" or "granted" by
Congress for any purpose, (this is not in the
proviso which has been read, but in the body
of the section,) at the time when the final
location of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company should be made. No gentleman pre-
tends that any such location reaching any of
these la,nds has taken place up to this hour.
If this law shall pass—and there is no lawyer
living who can deny the proposiiion—if this
law shall pass, and the rights of the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company shall remain as they
are now, the reversion of these lands for the
benefit of the homestead settlers under the
homestead law is absolute and effectual, as
would have been the case prior to any ofthese
grants being made, for these lands were actu-
ally reserved when the Northern Pacific act
passed, and are still reserved.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why do
you not offer an amendment with reference
to that?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have offered an amend-
ment, and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ivetcham] has accepted it; an amendment
which will present the clear proposition
whether these lands under iliis law should
inure to the benefit of either of these corpora-
tions or shall be reserved, using the language
of this act, for homestead settlers, a specific
and definite purpose of reservation, for under
