1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
the general land policy of the United States
the public lands are subject to homestead
entries and preemptions, and also to all other
forms of sale. Here would be a simple reser-
vation under the homestead law.
I submit another proposition on this subject.
If the Northern Pacific Bailroad Company
had acquired any rights at all in these lands,
it seems to me that those rights are well es-
tablished without reference to anything that
Cougress may do; but I deny that any such
rights have vested. If that company, by open
and public acts, fix the eastern terminus of
their road, it has already been done.
Gentlemen are aware that the very maps
issued by the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, with which they have Hooded this coun-
try and Europe, and the circulars they have
issued in this country and li.irope for the pur-
pose of securing the credit on which they are
building that road, all declare the town of
Dulutb, on the west side of Lake Superior, as
the eastern terminus of the road ; and it would
be an act of' such reckless bad faith to the
country if that corporation should now assume
that they had the right to go to the mouth of
the Montreal river, that no body of men,
whether organized into a corporation or not,
would dare to be guilty of, for that assumes
that the directors, or the persons who control
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, are
prepared to perpetrate the most inexcusable
frauds on the country to secure an increase
of their enormous grant. If we assume they
can now change the eastern terminus of their
road from the point they have so positively
indicated by their public acts, I still hold
that their rights have never attached to
these lands, because they were reserved,
and now by the forfeiture of the St. Croix
road have returned to the public domain,
subject to further reservation, and are now
subject to such disposition as Congress may
see fit to make ; lor as yet in any possible
view the Northern Pacific road has no vested
rights in these lands. The friends of the
pending bill are compelled to concede that,
and are now attempting to act on that as-
sumption. The Northern Pacific Railroad
Company does not exist by-the act of the
great body of gentlemen on this floor who are
now opposing this grant. I do not remember
whether the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Elduedge] voted for the Northern Pacific
railroad bill ; but I know that the gentleman
whom he censures as favoring the interests of
that road as against the St. Croix road, my
fiiend from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and other
gentlemen around me, resisted the passage of
the act gianting the imperial estate in lands
to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
with as much earnestness, and a great deal
more, than they have displayed in resisting
the passage of ttiis bill. The gentleman knows
very well my opposition to that bill.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldrejdge]
has spoken of me as if I were the enemy of
this particular measure. I oppose, and have
opposed since the commencement of my pub-
lic life, all these grants, whether of lands or
money, from Itie Treasury in support of spe-
cial interests at the general expense, not only
as in contiaveution of the rights of the whole
people, but as tending most certainly to the
demoralization and corruption of public affairs
in every branch of our State and national
Governments. These grants are encouraging
the crowds of lobbyists who are now around
the Capitol seeking wealth at the expense of the
industry of others. It is this tendency to cor-
ruption and public frauds that is more to be
deplored than the mere grant of these lands.
While this system continues you cannot have
purity and honesty in the conduct of public
affaiis. Can you expect honesty in public
affairs, purity in the management of the public
interests, when by this kind of legislation you
hold out hopes to lobbyists and adventurers of
amassing enormous fortunes by the yielding
compliancy of legislative bodies? No, sir;
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, in
my judgment, have already fixed the eastern
terminus of that road at the town of Duluth,
in Minnesota. If they have not, their right to
lands is confined to lands which are not " re-
served by'! Congress for any other purpose
or "granted" for any other purposes; and
if, in the mean time, we reserve these lands
for actual settlers under the most benevolent
and humane law that Congress ever passed,
the homestead law, that is a "reservation"'
we have a right to make, and no court, either
State or Federal, will hold otherwise ; for the
rights of the Northern Pacific Company then
can never attach to these lands.
Therefore, Mr, Speaker, while I had the
honorto submit the instructions reported back
by the Committee on the Public Lands, pro-
posing that no land shall inure to the benefit
of the St. Croix and Lake Superior railroad
under this act unless it be lands which other-
wise would inure to the benefit of the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company, and while, as
to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
that giant political powerwhich we have organ-
ized, I would most earnestly resist any increase
of its grant under any circumstances what-
ever, and would greatly prefer grauting these
lands to the smaller corporation, still I have
reached the conclusion that it is not a question
between those two corporations underthepro-
visions of the act read by my colleague [Mr,
TyserJ and the section to which I have
referred, but is simply a question between the
appropriation of these lands to either of the
railroad corporations and their appropriation
to actual settlers under the homestead law, and
for that reason I shall favor the substitute of
the gentleman from New York.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
bedge] proposes to amend the amendments
reported back by the committee by striking
out the last words of this clause:
That this act shall notbe construed to enlarge the
grant of land to the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, or to authorize said Northern Pacific
Kailroad Company to select lands elsewhere ia lieu
of any lands embraced in this act, or as granting to
said State any lands in lieu of which other lands
might be selected by said Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, or as granting any coal lauds.
Let me ask him if he proposes that Con-
gress shall not only make this grant of lands
to the St. Croix and Lake Superior Railroad
Company, but that the Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company shall be permitted to select
other lands in lieu of the lands so granted?
If it is true that the Northern Pacific railroad
would be entitled to a strip of land forty miles
wide between the inouth of the Montreal river
and the west boundary of Minnesota in the
absence of this grant, does the gentleman pro-
pose, in case the grant is renewed, that that
quatter of a million acres of land shall be se-
lected by the Northern Paoific'Railroad Com-
pany on the great prairies of the West in lieu
of the lands held by this company? Does he
propose to double this grant?
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no such pro-
vision in the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is clearly the effect
of his amendment. He strikes out the condi-
tion that this act shall not be construed, &e.,
as granting to said State any lands iu lieu
of which other lands might be selected by said
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, or as
granting any coal lands." He proposes to
strike that out, and to let both the St. Croix
and Lake Superior road and the Northern
Pacific road receive lands, the one to receive
elsewhere the same extent of grant.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let me tell the gentle-
man that he is mistaken entirely. This is not
a part of his amendment. The amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana buttoned the
whole thing up perfectly right, iu his own judg-
ment accomplishing all the purposes^ he had
spoken in favor of; but the way in which it is
put in is enough to confuse any court, and it
has confused my friend from Indiana, who I
know is a very good lawyer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. The bill before the House
does not affect any local interest in which I am
concerned ; it does not affect the interests of
the State which I in part represent, but, sir,
it affects a class of people in the United States,
it affects a portion of the country ot the United
States similar to a part of Michigan, and sim-
ilar to many parts of the northwestern portion
of our country; and I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House from the many points which
have been discussed here to the provisions of
the bill under consideration, and to call their
attention to the objects of this bill, to its results,
and to its justice.
Sir, all the original States of this Union
entered the Union, and 1 call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands, who said to the House that we might
as well give lands to build a railroad in north-
ern New York as in Wisconsin, to the fact
that all the original States of the Union, when
they formed the Union, reserved to themselves
all the land within their limits, the proprietor-
ship of it, the right to sell it, and the right to
dispose of the money received from all the
wild and unocupied lands in the State for the
sole uses and improvements withiu (he State.
New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Vir-
ginia, all of the old thirteen States came into
this Union with all of their wild and unoccu-
pied lands reserved as their own property, and
they had the right to sell those lauds, and to dis-
pose of the proceeds as they chose, in building
roads, improving their rivers, and in building
railroads when the time came for them.
And yet the pretense is, and it is nothing
but a pretense, that under tbe Constitution
new States are to be brought into this Union
upon an equal footing with the old thirteen
States. That, sir, is but a pretense. What
has been the fact? Instead of coming into the
Union with an absolute ownership of all the
land within their borders, with the right to sell
it and appropriate the proceeds as they choose,
as was the case with all the old thirteen States,
they have come into the Union naked as the
new-born child so far as regards the right to
their land, to property, or to means.
Sir, there is a difference, a vast difference,
between the old thirteen States and the new-
States that have come into this Union. And
I say, what has been said by better and wiser
men than I am, that the -pretended bringing
into the Union of new States on the same foot-
ing with the original thirteen is but a pretense,
if not a fraud.
This Government has admitted new States
into the Union. Wisconsin, for instance, was
admitted, as it was said, upon an equal foot-
ing with the old thirteen States. Now, what
was the fact? The United States was the
landed proprietor of every acre of land in
that and other new States, except so far as
the citizens of those States have paid their
coin to the United States and become owners
of the land. There is not a rod, not a foot
of land belonging to one of our new States
that can be appiopriated by the State for any
purpose whatever. And yet gentlemen rep-
resenting the old States solemnly rise in their
places here and talk about granting to the
new States a few acres here and a tew acres
there, with which the people of those new
States can make improvements, as if it was a
departure from some rule of equity, a departure
from some rule of right or of justice.
Not only did the original thirteen States
retain all the wild and unoccupied lands within
their own borders, but many of them reached
out from their own borders into the Terri-
tories of the United States and reserved acres
of laud by the million, hundreds and thou-
sands of square miles of territory, from which
new States afterward were formed; reserved
it for their own use. And yet we learn that
the people of Connecticut have instructed their
