1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2591
city is fire-proof. The argument that we
should not contribute toward the maintenance
of ft fire department in this city because our
buildings are all fire-proof is an argument
which I confess I cannot appreciate. As well
might a rich man in a city say that because he
vas able to make his house fire-proof, there-
fore he would not contribute one cent toward
the expense of maintaining a fire department
for the benefit of others in that community.
And yet the argument of gentlemen here
amounts to that, and nothing more.
The Government of the United States is
rich ; it has the command of all the property
of this country, and is enabled to construct its
buildings so that they are fire-proof, as it is
claimed. And then we are asked to tell the
people of this country that because those
buildings are lire-proof the Government of the
United States will not help to maintain a fire
department to protect the other buildings in
this city. A rich man in a city with the same
propriety might say that because he had pro-
vided against the destruction of his buildings
by fire, and was not afraid of loss by fire,
therefore he would not contribute one cent
toward the protection of the buildings and
other property of the poorer people of the
same vicinity. If the argument is good in the
one case it is in the other.
Now, there is no propriety in the Govern-
ment of the United States not contributing
toward the maintenance of a fire department
in the city of Washington because it has made
itself secure against fire. There is the more
reason why it should so contribute. Its abil
ity, its wealth, its greatness, its power, all com
bine to strengthen the argument, that it should
contribute in proportion to its means toward
a sufficient fire department for this commu-
nity. I wish, on my own account, to repudi-
ate the idea that because the Government of
the United States is rich and great, and has
fire-proof buildings, therefore it should not
contribute to the expense of maintaining a
fire department here.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The amount of
expense as limited by this bill is less than the
amount paid by the Government when it main-
tained-a fire brigade here. That fire brigade
having been sent to other localities, the whole
duty of protection is left to the fire depart-
ment here. I think there should be no objec-
tion to the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, tha.t the proposition submitted by
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] is
exceedingly remote as an illustration. When
he compares the case of the Government of
the United States selecting this city for its
public buildings and for the expenditure of
vast revenues, to the case of a wealthy citizen
who erects a fire-proof building, and, thus
escaping from liability to fire, seeks to be
exempt from taxation needed to provide for
such calamities, the parallel is so remote as
to my mind to be entirely imperceptible.
This city is simply the national capital;
and the wealth which the Government diffuses
at the seat of its central administration builds
up a great and prosperous city. The Gov-
ernment, having no interest in common with
the citizens here and their wealth more than
with any other city or town, erects buildings
which are the common property of the whole
people; and in order to secure the safety of
its records and archives, makes its buildings
fire-proof. In the navy-yard, which is not fire-
proof, the Government, as gentlemen will re-
member, maintains its own fire department.
I ask the gentleman from Connecticut whether
the city of Washington proposes to pay any
portion of the expense of keeping up a fire
department at the navy-yard in this city? Is
it proposed that the city of Washington shall
pay a part of the expense of maintaining the
vast army of persons employed about this
Capitol and the Departments, in acting as
watchmen and guarding against fire and other
casualities? Not at all. The gentleman does
not propose that. We resort to every expedi-
ent to preserve our public records. The Gov-
ernment buildings are erected for the common
benefit of the whole people of the country,
who have no more interest in common with
the citizens of Washington than with the citi-
zens of any other section of the country.
Gentlemen should bear in mind that the
very application of the agency used to extin-
guish fires would with regard to our public
records and archives be as destructive as fire
itself. To guard against damage from water
as well as fire the Government has, by a large
expenditure of money, made provision for
secure public buildings; and where our build-
ings are not fire-proof the Government main-
tains at its own cost a large fire establishment,
or a large corps of watchmen at a heavy ex-
pense, to protect our buildings against the
possibility of fire or any other calamity to
which they may be liable. On the other hand
the citizens of Washington employ no watch-
men to guard against such calamities, and
their buildings are not fire-proof; hence they
must have the agency of a local fire depart-
ment for the protection of their property.
I hope gentlemen will bear in mind another
thing. It has come to be a source of complaint
on the part of the people of the country that
while a large body of citizens here amass
wealth at the expense of the Government—1
do not say illegitimately—almost al 1 the expend-
itures for the merely local purposes of Wash-
ington city, instead of being borne by the citi
Kens themselves, as is the case elsewhere, fall
upon the people of the whole country. The
Government provides this city with the means
of obtaining a supply of water, and in doing
so incurs an expense exceeding that borne by
perhaps any other city except New York. Is
any other city in the Union the object of such
favoritism? Again, sir, the salaries of the
Board of Health—a body which exists for the
common benefit of the citizens of Washington—
are paid out of the public Treasury. L hope
that gentlemen will not further urge the passage
of this bill, because its passage will be but
another step in those expenditures for this
city which have been going on year after year.
I hope there will be some time when they will
stop.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Of all the meas-
ures we have reported this is the only one look-
ing to an expenditure in this direction. It
contemplates an expenditure of $25,000 a
year—less than was expended annually by the
United States during the ten years before they
took away the fire brigade. The city of Wash-
ington affords the required protection at a less
expense than that which the Government in-
curred in maintaining its fire brigade. I say,
therefore, that this is a measure of economy.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Will the gentle-
man from Connecticut allow me to say one
word in addition to the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax] ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will yield to
the gentleman for a moment. -
Mr. FINICBLNBURG. I desire to say that
when the bill establishing for this District a
territorial form of government was presented
to us in the last Congress, we received a pledge
that henceforth the District of Columbia would
not ask us to appropriate any more money for
local purposes.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. That statement
will be found in the Globe. I objected to the
bill at the time, and the friends of the measure
told me that we ought to support it because it
was going to put an end to these appropria-
tions by Congress for the District of Colum-
bia. ;'If you give us this bill," they said,
"then we will run our own machine," or
words to that effect. Now, there has not
been a District of Columbia day since that we
have not been asked for something or other.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, X wish to cor-
rect the gentleman from Missouri. The Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia has not
asked a single appropriation before this bill
to-day appropriating $25,000 as one third of
the expense of keeping up the fire department
here. This is the only one brought up in ref-
erence to local affairs.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Not more than five
minutes ago we passed a bill.
Mr. STARKWBATHER. It had nothing to
do with local affairs. This is less than it was
before.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to reply to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] I
do not wish to interfere with his peculiar pre-
rogative of defending the people of the whole
country. He seems to have been sent here by
some sort of power to speak for the whole
people, "the people of the whole country,"
as he terms it. He tells us that the people of
the whole country have no interest in common
with the city of Washington. I do not see
exactly how it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I simply did not say so.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 am glad the gentle-
man did not say that; but 1 so understood
him. I understood him to say they have no
interest in common with the city of Washing-
ton.
Mr. HOLMAN. I say that the whole peo-
ple have no more interest in Washington city
than they have in any other city in the country.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let that be the gentle-
man's statement, and I take issue with him on
that. Now, sir, the people of the whole coun-
try have more interest in Washington than any
other city of a greater or less size in the Uni-
ted States, and for this very good reason, that
the people have their national capital here;
they have all their public bnidings here ; they
have all their archives here; they send most
of their Representatives to stay most of their
time here; they have here the administrators
of the national Government during the entire
year. They have, therefore, more interest in
the city of Washington than in any other city
of the United States. And my friend from
Indiana, it seems to me, ought not to fail to
appreciate that fact.
In the same line of remark it is suggested to
me by the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] who sits to my right
that the people of the whole country—and I
use the favored expression of my friend from
Indiana—are responsible for comfortable posi-
tions and quarters for the accommodation of
representatives of foreign Powers who are
invited liere to aet in their several respective
diplomatic capacities. We are responsible
for their safety as well. We are responsible
for the safety of their books and papers, and
for all the documents relating to their Gov-
ernments with which they are intrusted.
The position, the plane upon which my
friend from Indiana argues this question is too
low a one, in my judgment. He says we have
taken great pains to make all of our public
buildings here fire-proof as far as we could,
and have appointed a large number of watch-
men to see those buildings are taken care of.
Now he tells us that the city of Washington
has not, done anything. I say that the city of
Washington have been doing a great deal in
the same direction. They have their police-
men here, and they pay them themselves.
They have officers here to administer the local
government and to keep the city in order,
and they pay them out of their own pockets.
We enjoy all those in common with them. In-
deed, I doubt whether we employ more men
who act here so as to be of value to the city
government than the city government of Wash-
ington does men who are of the greatest value
to the service of the United States.
But all of this, in my judgment, is too low a
plane to look on this question. Here is a
large city, where the United States own nearly
sixty million dollars of property. The peo-
ple who live here have been distributed by thg
