1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?47
Laics of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty of May tenth, eighteen hundred ,
and fifty four, one thousand dollars. j
For permanent annuity, in specie, for educa- \
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty of |
September twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred
and seventeen, and tliird article treaty of May i
tenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two j
thousand dollars. j
For interest, at five per centum, on forty j
thousand dollars, for educational purposes, per |
third article treaty of May tenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-lour, two thousand dollars.
Shoshones.
Eastern Bands:
For ninth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under the diiection of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdMuen, per fifth article treaty of July
second, eighteen hundred aud sixty-three, ten
thousand dollars.
Western Bands:
For ninth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per seventh article treaty of
October first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, five thousand dollars.
Northwestern Bands:
For ninth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per third article treaty of July
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
five thousand dollars.
Goship Band:
For ninth of twenty instalments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles, including
catile for herding or other purposes, as he
shall deem suitable to their wants and condi-
tion as hunters or herdsmen, one thousand
dollars.
Shoshones and Bannocks,
Shoshones:
For third of thirty instalments, to purchase
eight hundred suits of clothing for males over \
fourteen years of age ; the flannel, hose, calico,
and domestics for eight hundred females over
the age of twelve years ; and such goods as
may be needed to make suits for eight hundred
boys aud girls, thirteen thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-four dollars.
For second of ten instalments, for the pur-
chase of such articles as may be considered
proper by the Secretary of the Interior, for
one thousand eight hundred persons roaming,
and six hundred persons engaged in agricul-
ture, thirty thousand dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, as per tenth
article treaty of July third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, six thousand eight hundred
doilars.
For second of three instalments, to be ex-
pended ill presents for the ten persons who
grow iht; most valuable crops, under the same
act ami treaty, five hundred dollars.
For pay of second blacksmith, and furnish-
ing iion and steel and other materials, under
the same article of said treaty, two thousand
dollars
Bannocks:
For third of thirty instalments, to purchase
four hundred suits of clothing for males over
fourteen yearsof age ; the flannel, hose, calico,
and domestics for tour hundred females over
the age ot twelve years: and such flannel and
cotton goods as may be needed to make suits
lor four hundred boys and girls, six thousand
nine hundred and thirty-seven dollars.
For third of ten instalments, forthe purchase
of such articles as may be considered proper
by the Secretary of the Interior for eight hun-
dred persons roaming, and four hundred per-
sons engaged in agriculture, sixteen thousand
dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, six thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For last of three instalments, to be expended
in presents for the ten persons who grow the
most valuable crops, five hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods that may be
purchased for the Shoshones and Bannocks,
fifteen, thousand dollars.
Shoshones, Bannocks, and other Bands of
Indians in Idaho and Southeastern Oregon.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, or other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation, in instructing in agri-
cultural pursuits, in providing employees, edu-
cating children, procuring medicine and med-
ical attendance, care for and support of the
aged, sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans
of said Indians, and in any other respect to
promote their civilization, comfort, and im-
provement, forty thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and
other useful articles, per sixth article treaty
of November seventeenth, seventeen hundred
and ninety-four, four thousand five hundred
dollars.
Sioux of different Tribes, including Santee
Sioux in the State of Nebraska, and Po/icas
on the Great Sioux reservation, and Fami-
lies of Santee Dakota Sioux who have taken
homesteads at or near Flandreau, in Da-
kota Territory.
For pay of second blacksmith, and furnishing
iron, steel, aud other material, two thousand
dollars.
For third of thirty instalments, to purchase
clothing for males over fourteen years of age ;
for flannel, hose, and calico, and domestics
required for females over twelve years of age ;
and for such flannel and cotton goods as may
be needed to make suits for boys and girls,
one hundred and fifty-nine thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For third of thirty instalments, to purchase
such articles as may be considered proper by
the Secretary of the Interior for persons roam-
ing and for persons engaged in agriculture,
two hundred aud thirty-six thousand dollars.
For third of four instalments, for purchase
of seven million three hundred thousand
pounds of beef, and the same quantity of
flour, for twenty thousand persons, . under
tenth article treaty of April twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and for
subsistence of Yankton Sioux, one million
three hundred and fourteen thousand dollars.
For pay of physician, five teachers, one car-
penter, one miller, one engineer, one farmer,
and one blacksmith, ten thousand four hundred
dollars.
i For last of three instalments, to be expended
! in presents to the ten persons who grow the
I most valuable crops, five hundred dollars,
j For transportation, and the necessary ex-
! penses of delivering goods, to be purchased
for the different bands of the Sioux Indians,
1 under treaty of April twenty-ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, one hundred and
; fifty thousand dollars.
: Sioux. Siiselon and Wahpeton and Santee
■ Sioux of Lake Traverse and Devil s Lake.
I For this amount, to be expended in such
goocU, provisions, or other articles as the
^ President may. from time to time, determine,
1 including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employees, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and iufirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Yankton Tribe of Sioux.
For fourth of ten instalments (second series),
to be paid to them or expended for their
benefit, commencing with the year in which
they shall remove to and settle and reside upon
their reservation, per fourth article treaty of
April nineteenth, eighteen hundred aud fifty-
eight, forty thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
Sioux on the Milk River Reservation.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other useful articles,
as the President may from time to time de-
termine, including transportation, in instruct-
ing in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employees, educating children, pro-
curing medicines and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in -any respect to promote their civilization,
comfort, and improvement, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
Wall-Pah-Pee Tribe of Snake Indians.
For first of ten instalments, to be expended
under the direction of the President, as per
seventh article treaty of August twelfth, eight-
een hundied and sixty-five, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
S' EMllams.
For third of five instalments on sixty thou-
sand dollars (being the fifth series), under the
direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty of January twenty-sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, two thousand four hundred
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
article treaty of October [January] twenty-
sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty instalments, for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and a physician, who shall furnish medicine
for the sick, per treaty of June [January]
twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and fitcy-five,
four thousand six hundred dollars.
For support of a smith, and carpenter shop,
and to provide the necessary tools therefor,
five hundred dollars.
Tabeguache Band of Utah Indians.
For ninth of ten instalments, for the pur-
chase of goods, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, per eighth article
treaty of October seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty three, and Senate amendment of
ilarch twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, ten thousand doilars.
For ninth of ten instalments, per eighth
article of said treaty, for the purchase of pro-
visions, under the direction ot the Secretary
of the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For pay of blacksmith, as per tenth article
of same treaty, seven hundred aud twenty
dollars. ,
For transportation, and general incidental
expenses of the delivery of goods, provisions,
aud stock, as per same article of same treaty,
two thousand dollars.
Tabeguache, Muache, Capote, Weeminuche,
Yampa. Grand River, and Uintah Bands
of Utes.
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, two
I farmers, tuid one blacksmith, as per fifteenth
