1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4383
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We would
treat them like gentlemen. We would give
thern full liberty to express their opinions and
to vote for their measures. We would try to
deal with them justly and fairly, as they should
try to deal with us now.
I shall not detain the Senate much longer.
Indeed I have been led away from the line of
my remarks on this question. I always take
an interest in what is going on, and I try to
do what is right on all questions as they are
brought before this body.
But I heard the speech of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
the other day, and hearing that speech, and
reading a portion of it afterwards, with its
arraignment of President Grant, and feeling
the arbitrary conduct of our friends on the
other side of the Chamber, brought to my
mind some of those expert sayings that men
have at times. For instance, you will find
probably on one of the windows above us in
the roof of this Chamber inscribed the words,
E pluribus unum, bat what a volume is com-
prised in them—only three words, three parts
of speech. The division of a subject into
three parts is common. First, second, and
third, and sometimes lastly are fixed in the
minds of the young, so that when old they
do not depart from it. There is Csesar's Veni,
vidi, vici—three small words, but a great his-
tory in results. Now, in listening to the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts the other
day in his arraignment of the President, and
noticing the conduct of gentlemen here, it
struck me if there is anything marked in the
conduct and course of the Administration in
all its several parts since I have been here,
and I say it in the best spirit in the world, it
is distinguished above all things for three
isms—Egotism, Nepotism, and Despotism.
Three curt, small words, but what a history,
both personal and official, do they open up !
They are the miniature of the full-sized admin-
istration of this Government under President
Grant.
All understand what Egotism is. It is an
accumulation of everything in self; everything
for self; everything to be subordinated to self.
Ego expresses the full meaning.
Nepotism we understand. We had that
most elaborately explained and exemplified to
us the other day by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. He omitted one illustra-
tion which I thought of at the time when he
was forging his thunder. In drawing a par-
allel between men in power, popes, kings, and
princes, showing their acts of nepotism or
their condemnation of it, he passed one exam-
ple, but it was behind the period to which he
confined himself. It was that of Scipio Afri-
canus. Scipio Africanus was a great sol-
dier. So General Grant for a living one may
be accounted a great soldier. Scipio Afri-
canus fought the battle of Zama, the last bat-
tic against old Carthage. Under the walls of
renowned Carthage the no less renowned Han-
nibal was conquered by Scipio. The parallel
between them as soldiers, and as successful
soldiers, I am. not disposed to draw to the dis-
paragement of General Grant; but in one
respect, if in 110 other, can a perfect parallel
be drawn between Scipio Africanus and Pres-
ident Grant.
There was one reproach, and it is recorded
in history, that always attached itself to Scipio
Africanus at home, and in voluntary exile
where he died. It was his insufferable nep-
otism. The glory of Zama, his intellectual
power, his attainments in every respect, his
learning, his eloquence as an orator, his suc-
cess as a soldier, nothing could save him from
the reproach of the whole people of Borne,
the reproach of a shameless nepotism that
stigmatized his name and fame, and it stands
out boldly in history to-day a warning to
men, however great and strong they may feel
themselves to be.
As for Despotism, look around you. Your
bayonet election laws, your Ku Klux laws, your
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, your
suspension of elections, your oppression of
the Southunderyour reconstruction measures,
all point to the despotic power that you do
now and would still further exercise in this
free land. Egotism, nepotism, and despotism,
was distinguished from E pluribus unum, on
the shield of the country, should be inscribed
on the shield of your party in the coming pres-
idential contest. Carry it high, blazon it to
the world, for you cannot hide it; it will be
around you and about you everywhere in the
coming contest. Be courageous and defend
it. To deny it is vain. The synonym of the
Republicanism of to-day is'egotism, nepotism,
and despotism.
Now, Mr. President, it is fifteen minutes
to four o'clock in the morning, and I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to make an apology
for detaining them so long in listening to the
very desultory remarks that I have had the
honor to submit for their consideration. I
hope that now they will agree to a motion to
lay this amendment on the table, and by five
o'clock we will pass this bill and be ready to
go home, where we ought to be as honest men
at this time of the morning.
Mr. JOHNSTON, (at three o'clock and forty-
five minutes a. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn, and I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 29 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas. Johnston, Ransom, Sautsbury,
Schurz, Stevenson, and Tipton—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Corbett,
Oragin, Edmunds, Perry of Michigan, Flanagan,
l^relinghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Fool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, and
Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Clayton, Cooper, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis ol West Virginia, Fen ton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin. Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, B-ice, Robert-
son, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman. Trum-
bull, Vickers, West, Windom, and Wright—36.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to indefinitely postpone
the further consideration of this bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I have
no desire to be factious in my opposition, but
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
kindly addressed us and said it was our duty
to submit to the ruling of the Chair. In a
general acceptation I would agree to that, but
when the rulings of the Chair are diversant,
and, as I shall show from the record and from
the statements of the Chair, that an amend-
ment like this was hooted at when this rule
was introduced, the minority have some rights.
They may be small, but they have a right to
let their action go to the country that the peo-
ple may judge whether they were right or
wrong in protesting against what they believed
to be an outrage on their rights.
Now, sir, I propose to read from the record.
When this rule was adopted we had the naval
appropriation bill before us, and the appro-
priation for the civil establishment contained
this clause:
" For pay of writers and laborers and for purposes
incidental to the support of the civil establishment
underthis bureau at the several navy-yards, $12,000."
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stock-
ion] moved to amend that by adding this pro-
viso :
" Provided, That the pay of civil engineers in the
Navy shall be the same as now fixed by law for
naval constructors, according to length ot continu-
ous service; and the pay of assistant civil engineers
shall be the same as now fixed by law for assistant
naval constructors."
A question of order was raised on that
amendment, and the Chair, then as now occu-
pied by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthokz,] ruled that amendment to be out of
order. It led to a discussion, being the first
question raised under the new rule. No Sen-
ator took a more active part in favor of the
ruling of the Chair than my honorable friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] He argued
in favor of the ruling, and said that that pro-
viso was clearly within the operation of the
rule and therefore out of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I say so yet.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, let me read the
remarks of my honorable friend who then pre-
dicted just such a case as we have to-night and
ridiculed the idea that such an amendment as
this would be in order. I-propose to read what
he said:
" Mr. Edmunds." * * * * "It is mak-
ing a provision other than that, which directly relates
to the appropriation contained in the bill. This does
for one year relate to that appropriation, and if it
stopped there it would be in order: but it relates to
all future appropriations, to the future action of the
Government making a permanent increase. It isas
if in the miscellaneous bill, when it comes over,
there should be a provision for enabling the Presi-
dent to carry into effect the act of 1871 about the
habeas corpus 
"Mr. Stockton. I ask permission to correct a
matter of fact that I think the Senator from Ver-
mont is mistaken in. I stated the position of civil
engineers in the Navy. It is a mistake to call them
'in the Navy.' They may be dismissed at a day's
notice. It is so constantly. In the naval service
they have no rank, no position ; they are civil en-
gineers in private life employed to work at the
navy-yards; and we make an appropriation of $12,000
to pay the civil men not in the Navy, and we say
that out of that sum of $12,000 we will reduce the
salary of eight men and increase the salary of seven
men a few hundred dollars. If you make a rule as
strict as now claimed you are going far beyond the
intention of those who adopted this rule. It is not
in relation to the salary of any officer of the Navy.
"Mr. Edmunds. We ought to decide this rightly,
but I do not wish to occupy time about it. This
may be a question that comes pretty noar the line ;
it probably does ; but I will say to the Sonator from
New Jersey that the fact that these officers are not
in for life unless removed on thejudgment of aeourt-
martial does not alter the case at all. They are
persons who are appointed during the pleasure of
the President of the United Slates or the Secrctaiy
of tbe Navy, whichever it may be, to perform a
specific service under the Government, and their
salary is fixed by law at so much. Now, the sub-
stance of this amendment is that their salary shall
be more. That is a legislative provision"—
Mark the words—
" There is no question about that. Then the ques-
tion is, does it relate directly to the appropriation
contained in this bill ? It relates to it for this year,
it is true, but for all future years it does not relate
to it; and, as I was about to say, if you give this lat-
itudinary construction to this rule, then on the
miscellaneous bill when it comes over, there being a
provision m it to enable the President of the United
States to carry out the habeas corpus act, all that is
necessary is to move to add a legislative provision
that that habeas corpu? act shall last one year more;
and then Senators will find thomselves exactly where
they were afraid they would without any cause be
found when we were discussing the adoption of this
rule. I think it bettor on an appropriation bill, if
we are going to err at all, to err on the safe side."
There was a proposition upon the subject-
matter of the navy-yards, of naval constructors,
and my honorable friend from New Jersey
only asked as to a number of men named in
that bill to increase their salary, and that was
ruled out oforder ; and, as my honorable friend
from Vermont justly said, youdid wisely, be-
cause you carried out the intent of the Senate
in adopting that rule by confining it strictly to
appropriations, and not only to appropriations
beyond that year, but by your ruling you con-
fined it, even if applied to the subject-matter,
to the year itself. My friend then said, "If
you do not do that, when we have the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill up, you will have
some provision in regard to habeas corpus or
to civil rights," and I might add, the election
law. And now we are told by the Chair that
a bill not referring to the year, indefinite, not
referring to an appropriation, independent,
is in order as an amendment to this appr 1-
priation bill! Is that ruling consistent'1 Is
it uniform? Is it just? I say nothing but 10
protest against if, and let the country see it.
My honorable friend from Indiana appealed
to us to allow a vote to be taken 011 this
amendment and adjourn. Why should we do
so? This election bill has already been passed.
It is with the House of Representatives. Why
are we to be kept here to-night upon a propo-
