.4384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
sition which, if tested by the ruling of the
Chair on the gd day of May, would have been
scouted at? Mr. President, we are not blind.
We consider that the rights of the Senate are
violated. We consider that the rights of the
House are violated. There is a rule in parlia-
mentary law that noallusion shall be made in
one House to what is done in the other. In
England the king cannot allude to what is
done in Parliament without a breach of privi-
lege ; Parliament eannot allude to any act of
the king without a breach of privilege. When
our fathers came to make this Constitution and
to intrench civil liberty with the guarantees that
that instrument contains, their purpose was
to guard against the abuse of power upon in-
dividual liberty; and when Mr. Jefferson
■wrote his Manual, which is the guide of the
Senate, he declared in the Manual as follows:
" It is highly expedient, says Hatsol, for the due
preservat ion of theprivileges of the separate branches
of the Legislature, that neither should encroach on
the other, or interfere in any matter depending be-
fore them, so as to preoludo, or oven influence that
freedom of debate which is essential to a free coun-
cil. They are therefore not to take notice of any
bills or other matters depending, or of votes that
have been given, or of speeches which have been
held, by the members of either of the other branches
ot the Legislature, until the same have been com-
municated to thorn in the usual parliamentary mail-
" It is a broach of order in dobate to notice what
has been said on the samo subject in theothor House,
or the particular votes or majorities on it thero ;
because the opinion of ouch House should be loft
to its own indepondency, not to be influenced by the
proceedings of theothor; and thoqaotingthom might
beget reflections leading to a misunderstanding
betwoen the two Houses."
Can it be denied that the object of the Senate is
indirectly to violate both those rules ? Is there
any man so blind as not to see that the purpose
of the Senate is to put upon this appropriation
bill an independent act of legislation which has
already passed the Senate, in order to coerce
the House of Representatives either to take
that part of the bill or make this appropriation
bill fail? When the Senate attempts to coerce
the House, it violates the spirit as well as the
letter of that_rule, and wc should be recreant
to our trust, if we wore loss than half the
number that we are, if we did not attempt, by
every legitimate mode known to parliamentary
law, to prevent a violation of that independ-
ence of the House, without which liberty is
not worth a straw. The object of the Constitu-
tion cannot be carried out unless the Senate
is independent of the House, and the House
independent of the Senate. Whenever either
House attempts to interfere with that cairn
deliberation, that independence of judgment
which the Constitution has guarded' and pre-
served as legitimate to both, we violate that
spirit; we set at defiance not only the Manual
but the great objects of free government,
which it was attempted to secure by the inde-
pendence both of the Senate and of the House.
I have heard it rumored that that was the
object. Upon the popular surface that rumor
exists, that because the House have not done
bo and so, this body will resort to an appro-
priation bill, and with a rule standing and
adopted by the Senate to prevent amendments
of this sort, they will violate that rule and
violate the spirit of what was the understand-
ing in order to achieve the result by coercing-
the House to do that which the House other-
wise would not do.
Sir, whenever we get to that state of legis-
lation that one body attempts to coerce the
other, it is a bad condition for our country.
Whenever that condition of affairs arises, the
Senate is not independent and the House is
not independent, and that body which attempts
to assume authority and to dictate to the other
House violates the spirit, if not the letter, of
the Constitution.
When this rule was introduced I said I
feared that upon some general question—and I
named, I believe, one or two general meas-
ures, certainly that known as the Ku Klux
bill—debate would be attempted to be cut off
by a five-minutes rule. My honorable friend
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] told me, and I have
his remarks before me, that upon any general
proposition of legislation there was no Repub-
lican on this floor who would attempt to stifle
free discussion. Mr. President, the last right
that a free people ought ever to surrender is
the right of free debate. Whenever we are
silenced by a gag rule, as I said before, the
majority who put it on us to-day may, before
their career is ended, lament to find that they
are the victims of their own unjust rule.
I should not have said a word had not the
Senator from Indiana in a spirit of fairness
and candor seemed to think it was our duty
at once to yield, and that we were perhaps—he
was too polite to use the word, but his intima-
tion was that we were rather factious in resist-
ing. I have no complaint to make myself. I
think if this rule is to be construed as it has
been to-night we have no safety. When I
said that I feared under this rule free debate
would not be allowed us under it, it was denied
promptly by my friend from Vermont and by
my friend from Ohio; they said we should
have free debate ; and yet it would have been
denied us on this bill. The curb of the five-
minutes rule was put upon us. A motion was
made by a prominent member on the other
side to lay the appeal on the table and cut us
olf even from a five-minutes debate, and it was
only by a motion to postpone indefinitely that
we were allowed to say one word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to take
up the time of the Senate and should not, only
that the Senator from Kentucky has drawn me
in as an object of catechism 
Mr. STEVENSON. I only read your
speech; 1 did not draw you in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And he has undertaken
to show a little inconsistency, as he thinks. 1
beg to assure the Senator that he is more wide
of the mark than usual in attributing any in-
consistency to me about this matter. The two
cases are no more alike than red and blue.
They both relate to appropriations. The case
of the civil constructor or engineer, whatever
his name, is a case where there is an annual
salary affixed to the office, and you undertook
to change that annual salary when you made
only one appropriation for it. There is not
any annual provision in this bill about the
habeas corpus or about the particular money
which is to be spent for it. Under the cover-
ing-ill act the money can be used for two years
at least; and therefore the two cases have
not the slightest relation to each other, as it
respects one being a precedent for the other.
But suppose they had; the Senate has this
day with the acquiescence of the Senator from
Kentucky, on my raising the point myself, at
least twice, I think, determined that amend-
ments, which are as much further outside of
the line as the Senator thinks this is, as it is
possible to conceive of, were properly receiv-
able on this bill. One I know was moved by
the Senator from Ohio, it may have been yes-
terday—we have got so mixed as to the days
I am not sure which it was—that fixed the rate
of toll or something of that kind. I have for-
gotten precisely what the point was, and I
made the point of order on the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and with the universal
acquiescence of all the gentlemen on the other
side my point of order was overruled. Then
I made the point of order again on one of these
questions, I think about street railroads, or at
least somebody made a point of order on
street railroads. The Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. West] offered an amendment, that pro-
viding forever that street railroads should not
be laid down without the consent of Congress.
It has nothing in the world to do with the
particular year. It does relate to the expend-
iture of money which the bill provides for in
making streets. That is all plain enough.
The point of order was made upon that. By
the unanimous judgment of the Senate, with-
out anybody asking a division, it was decided
that that wa,s in order.
-Mr. CASSERLY. I think the Senator is
mistaken. I certainly never understood it to
be so decided.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I so understood it. The
Globe will show. It may be that I am mis-
taken in saying there was not a division, but I
think I am not mistaken; but no matter
whether there was or not. So that the up-
shot of the business is that our excellent
friends on the other side find no difficulty with
the rule about amendments to this bill when
the particular amendment happens to suit
them ; but if you get an amendment that hap-
pens to suit anybody else, then the world is
going to fall to pieces at once. That is all I
have got to say.
■ Mr. STEVENSON. I want my friend to
understand me. I agreed with what perhaps
might assimilate to the ruling of the Chair now
when this bill was up before. My friend did
not agree with me. The debate shows that 1
thought the amendment of my friend from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] was in order. The
Chair and my honorable friend from Vermont
differed with me.
But my friend, astute as he is, does not
escape that portion of his speech which I read.
What is it? He says, do not increase that
appropriation beyond the year, because it is
legislation. Is not this legislation ? It referred
to the same matter; it referred to identically
the same appropriation. Then my friend said,
if you extend it beyond a year it is legislation.
This proposition extends indefinitely. It does
not even refer to an appropriation. It refers
to elections. It creates a new office. It sub-
stitutes a district for a circuit court. It extends
the election law from cities to counties. Now
there, upon an appropriation bill, is active,
independent, separate legislation upon a dis-
tinct subject. My friend brought our attention
to the fact that if we adopted the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Jersey we
would be liable to encounter just the difficul-
ties of an amendment in regard to the habeas
corpus. He said that would be out of order,
and he said that to make it in order you would
have to reduce it to a year. And yet he says
that the habeas corpus has no more to do with
this election bill than chalk has with cheese.
I leave the Senate and the country to say
whether they have anything to do with eacli
other, and I leave to them to judge the course
of my honorable friend, for whose opinion I
have great respect, not only upon questions of
order, but upon most subjects. 1 have agreed
with him perhaps as often in my intercourse
on important appropriation bills as with any
Senator in the Senate, and I have agreed with
him once or twice upon his point of order. I
do not remember anything about the subject
of railroads. Perhaps I did not have my
attention called to it, or I certainly would not
under that rule have considered it in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are going to sit
here until breakfast-time, perhaps I should be
justified in making a speech. My honorable
friend from Kentucky, 1 have a right to assume,
has himself concurred in reporting from this
very Committee ou Appropriations sundry
propositions which are obnoxious, if his argu-
ment is right, to precisely the objection that
he makes himself ; and yet they are proposi-
tions, some of them, which I have already
referred to, which the Senate has earlier in
the stages of this bill determined, and determ-
ined without a division, were not obnoxious
to this rule. Now, supposing there was ttiis
contradiction between the civil engineer case
and my observations then, and what we do
now; when the Senate has determined that a
particular rule shall_ have a particular con-
struction, I stand by its latest determination,
until it is reversed.
Now, here the Senator from Kentucky has
concurred m reporting from the committee a
provision as to how the marine hospital pa-
tients shall be supported; that is, that they
shall not be let out by cootract except when.
