2592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
establishment of the seat of Government here
over a much larger circumference, and have
Required of them a much greater expense in
taking care of the municipality than if the
Federal Government and its administrators
were not here. I am not quite certain but the
city of Washington is not put to quite as much
expense in taking care of the members of Con-
gress as the Federal Government is put to in
taking care of the city of Washington. I am
not certain but the whole people of the United
States have an interest not only in the proper
administration of the city government here,
but a very deep interest in the Federal officers
who are permanent!}' located here, as well as
in the lives and property of those who are
sent here to represent them in Congress. And
there is no reason, as I remarked when I was
speaking on this question before, why the Gov-
ernment, because it is rich and because it has
the ability to use all these means to preserve
itself, should not be taxed in common with the
people for the protection of the community in
which their archives audthe Goveinmentbuild-
ings are located. There is no proper argument
that can be made in favor of a rich man in a
community contributing his fair share for the
protection of the community in which he re-
sides which does not apply to the Government
in regard to its paying its fair share of the
expenses of protecting the buildings of this
community.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I yield to the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird.]
Mr. BIRD. I shall cast my vote in tavor
of this proposition. I shall do it from perhaps
a very selfish consideration. The same con-
sideration which influences me to secure my
property at home, iniluences me to vote as far
as I can to secure the property that belongs
to the Government here. We are the custo-
dians to some extent of all the public property
in this city, and it ul becomes us to take any
step backward that would look like careless-
ness or indifference on our part in regard to
the preservation of these great interests.
Vast sums of money have been expended
on this building and other buildings in the
District of Columbia belonging to the Govern-
ment. Now, if anything devolves upon us as
servants of the people, so far as the preserva-
tion of the property of the (lovermnent is con-
cerned, in any part of the country, it is that
we should loon to the preservation of the pub-
lic propyl ty here. And while 1 contribute to
a lire department in my own little village, for
the purpose of preserving my own properly
and the property of others there, I cannot fail
to contribute somewhat, by my vote at least, Jo
the protecionarid preservation of the property
that, belongs to the public which is located in
this city.
The sum may be a large one. I am not sure
that it is. But whether it be large or small,
the Committee for the District of Columbia
having m their judgment and in their discre-
tion, 1 believe wisely, entertained and fixed
this sum, I will not question but it is right.
flow we can do otherwise than vote this
small appropriation, 1 cannot understand. If
we were to vote against it, and in the course of
events a destructive tire should take place in
the city of Washington, destroying our public
property and public records, what reflections,
six*, would occur to you and to tne thereafter?
Would there not be the conviction that we had
been guilty of a want of lidclity to our duty,
and a betrayal of the high interests commuted
to us by our constituents? It seems to me that
would inevitably follow. I trust, therefore,
the recommendation of the committee will
meet the hearty approval of the House.
The SPEAKERproiempore}(Mi. Wheeler
in the chair.) The question is on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. On that question
I demand the yeas and nays. $
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 56, not voting
105; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Banks, Book, Bigby, Bird,
Braxton, James Brooks, Buckley, Roderick it. But-
ler, Goghlan, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Critcher,Dar-
rall, De Large, lhckey, Dox, Du Bose, Duell, Duke,
Eames, Eldredge, Ely, Farwell, Wilder D. Foster,
Prye, Garfield. (3etz, Griffith, fialsey, Hancock, Har-
mer, Harper, John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Houghton,
Kendall, Ketcham, Lamport, Lewis, Maynard, Mc-
Cleliand, Merriam, Morey, Leonard Myers, Niblack,
Orr, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Poland, Prindie,
liainey, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Sessions, Sherwood,
Shobor, John A.Smith,Sprague, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stoughton, Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Terry,
Washington Townsend, Twicbell, Upson, Wakeman,
Waldeu, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whitthorae,
and Williams of Indiana—79.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Aines, Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Beatty, Bell, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Bright, Bullinton, Burchard, Crocker, Crossland,
Donnan, Bunnell, Farnsworfh, Finkelnburg, Halde-
man. Hale, Handlcy, Hanks, John T. Harris, Ilay,
Herndon, Ilibbard, Holman, King, Lowe, Manson,
McXntyre, McJunkin, Morgan, Morphis, Packard,
llosea W. Parker. Price, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
Ellis H Roberts, Wiiliam R. Roberts, Rusk, Shanks,
bhcldon,Shoemaker,Slater,11. Milton Speer,Thomas
J.Speer, Storm, TatFe, Turner, Tyner, Wells, White-
ley, Willarii, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Averiil, Barnum,
Barry, Beveridge, Biggs, Bingham, Boles, George
M. Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell,Carroll, William T.Clark,Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Crcely, Davis,
l)uwes, Elliott, Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D.
Foster, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, Hambleton,
(Joorgc E. Harris, JIavens, llawlcy, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazelton, Hereford, Hill, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ivi I linger, Kinselta. Lamison, Lansing, Leaeh,
Lynch, Marsha 11, AloCormiok, McCrary, McGrow,
Molienry, MoKee, McKinney, MeNeely, Merour,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Ncgiey, Pucker, Isaac"C. Parker, Pendleton,
Aaron F. Perry, Eh Perry, Piatt, Porter, Potter,
Randall, John M.Rioe, llobmson, Rogers, Sargent,
Sawyer. Scolield, Seeley, Shellabarger, Slooum,
Sloss, li. Board man Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Stevenson, Stowel 1, St. John, Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthiil. Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddcll, Walls, Warren, Wil-
liams of New York, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Youug—105.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jail l'ok the district of columbia.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to House hill No. 1552,
in relation to the jail in the District of Colum-
bia, in order that the amendments of the Sen-
ate may be agreed to. I will state the sub-
stance of the amendments, so that gentlemen
may know whether they desire to object to
concurrence. The bill tlie House passed was
a revival of the bill of last year appropriating
$200,000. The Senate have increased the
amount- to 5300,000, $100,000 to be paid back
ultimately by the District of Columbia. The
Committee tor the District of Columbia have
considered the matter well, and recommend
concurrence in the Senate amendments.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 object to the amend-
ments. The bill ought to be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POLAND. 1 will ask that it be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DICKEY. If it contains an appropri-
ation of $300,000, I think it ought to go to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. It does not necessarily
go to that committee because it contains an
appropriation.
Mr. DICKEY. I know it does not neces-
sarily, but it ought properly.
Mr. POLAND. 1 move that it be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend that
motion by referring it to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was disagreed to ; and the
bill was then referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
order of business.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs are entitled to-day to the morning hour
for private bills. I will not press it if the
House will allow the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] to make a few adverse reports
which he has been waiting to make for a week,
as he desires to go away.
No objection was made.
adverse reports.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing cases:
The memorial of Andrew Tenbrook, late
consul at Munich ;
The memorial of Samuel Bromberg, late
consul at Hamburg ; and
The memorial of Ralph King, late consul
at Bremen.
children of j. e. martin, deceased.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed to report
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (EL R. No. 6*20) for the relief of
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jane G.
Martin, and Leonor Martin, children of J. E.
Martin, deceased.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jane
G. Martin, and Leonor Martin, children of J.
E. Martin, deceased, or their legal representa-
tives, the sum of $2,207 35, m lull for services
performed by J. E. Martin as aenng charge
d'affaires of the United States at Lisbon, from.
July 19, 1850, to June 15, 1851.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not desire to raise a
point of order, but I want information on this
case.
Mr. MORGAN". There is a report in the
case, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
It appears from the records of the Department
of State that owing to a question which then en-
gaped the serious attention of our Government,
lion. James B. Clay, the charge d'affaires ot the
United states at Lisbon, asked lor his passports and
quit his post on the 19th of July, 1850.
At that time Mr. J. E. Martin was the consular
agent of the United States, without salary or other
compensation than small and uncertain lees. Mr.
Clay committed the archives, seals, effects, and cur-
rent business of the legation to hid keeping-, and
when communicating thatlact to the Secretary of
Scale, July23, lSoO, he said: 44 It gives megreat pleas-
ure to recommcnd this gentleman as honest and
capable."
Under the peculiar circumstances of Mr. Clay's
withdrawal, the Department of State could not offi-
cially appoint a successor to him until the cause of
embarrassment was removed. Dut it was still indis-
pensable, for the protection of American citizens and
property, that the United States should be repre-
sented at such a juncture, and that some responsible
medium ol communication should exist by which
our endangered inteiests might not only be surely
defended, but which would serve, also, as a, means
ot reconciling the disturbed relations between the
two countries.
Mr. Martin was greatly esteemed by the Portu-
tuese authorities, and deservedly enjoyed the con-
dence of his own Government. By his wise con-
duct, conciliatory disposition, ability, and influence,
he contributed most materially to bring about a good
understanding, so that in a single year the normal
course of friendly diplomacy was resumed, after a
grave and threatening interruption, and our relations
were restored to the best footing.
Mr. Martin applied himself diligently and faith-
ful ly to the discharge of the duties and the care ot
the important interests with which he was charged.
Hon. C. B. Haddock, who regularly succeeded Mr.
Clay, in a dispatch to Mr. Everett, dated at Lisbon,
January 18, 1853, spoke of him in these high terms:
"During this interval Mr. Martin performed the
duties of charge, and in such a manner that the late
Secretary of State, Mr. Webster, addressed to him a
note of special commendation."
The Department of State and the foreign office
of the Portuguese Government both bear willing wit-
ness to the services which Mr. Martin rendered,
and to the correspondence which he conducted ; for
although there was a suspension of formal diplo-
matic intercourse he was allowed, in token of special'
regard and confidence, to keep its chain unbroken,
and thus became the instrument of a reconciliation
which has resulted, happily, in a close, continuous,
and valuable intimacy.
Mr. Martin acted in the capacity stated from the
19c,h of July, 1S50, until the 15th of June, 1851. He
incurred considerable expense in maintaining the
becoming dignity of that position, and is clearly ea-
