1696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Representatives in this House to come here
and vote against the appropriation of an acre
of land in the new Territories 01* the new States
to build our roads.
Shame to Connecticut, that reserved its hun-
dreds of thousands and millions of acres of
the very best lands of Ohio, bordering for a
hundred miles upon Lake Brie. She reserved
to herself that land and sold it to the settlers
of Ohio, compelling the settlers of northern
Ohio to build roads through it at their own
expense, thus increasing the value of the Con-
necticut lands there by the energy and labor
of the early immigrants to that region, in
order that Connecticut might be able to put
more money into her treasury l'rom the sale of
the lands she had reserved to herself in the
State of Ohio. Ob, sir, if the good people of
Connecticut would but bear in mind that the
early settlers upon ihe Western Reserve of
Ohio toiled and labored for years and years,
that the energies of the first generation of its
settlers were expended in building roads
through, that Western Reserve, as my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] well knows and
who always votes against all these bills—if
they would but remember that the toil and
labor of the first generation of settlers upon
the Western Reserve of Ohio were expended
in building roads which enhanced the value
of.Connecticut lands there,-and enabled Con-
necticut to sell them for several dollars more
per acre in order that the money might be
taken back to Connecticut to be used there, I
think tnuy would not have instructed their
Representatives in Congress to oppose the
granting of a few acres to assist the settlers in
the wild, desolate regions around Lake Supe-
rior in northern Wisconsin and Michigan to
build an outlet from that wilderness to Lake
Superior and to the settled parts of the States
south of them.
Sir, I stand here to-day, as I have stood
here ever since I have been a member of this
House, the unreserved continuous opponent
of grants of laud to railroad corporations
merely as corporations. 1 know there have
been grants of land made which ought not to
have been made. I know coiporations have
grown rich by having .given to them the splen-
did lands of Iowa, of southern Wisconsin, of
Illinois, and of Kansas. The most beautiful
lands on the face of God's earth have been
given to these railroad companies, where it
costs no more to grade a road and prepare it
for the iron rails tlian it does to make an
ordinary turnpike, if it. costs as much. But
when it comes to building a railroad through
pine and hemlock ami cedar forests, through
the wild, uncultivated, rough, northern re-
gions of country ; where there are no prai-
ries, 110 savannas ; where tiiere are few inter-
vales that are tit lor cultivation even ; where
the people have beeu induced to go and set-
tle along 011 the line of this railroad by the
offer of the Government to give aid 1.0 build a
railroad past their homes ; where the Govern-
ment lias received thousands of dollars from
the actual settlers that these gentlemen dwell
so much upon with their hps, and have so
little true regard for in their hearts—i say
that the Government has pledged its faith to
the settlers from whom it exacted double the
ordinaly price for land in these northern wil-
dernesses that there should he a railroad
built; and now because tlie time has elapsed
without the road having been constructed,
not by the fault of the State of Wisconsin, not
by the fault of the people who are trying to
build that road, not by the fault of the railroad
company, but because, in the inevitable decrees
of divine Providence, war and desolation were
permitted to brood over our laud, and because
the industrious settlers front town, city, and
forest alike were drawn fiom their homes and
their ordinary vocations, whether the cultiva
tion of the soil or the building of railroads,
and gathered on the great fields of contest to
preserve the nation, gentlemen rise here and
tell us that because there has been this lapse,
because they have built only two hundred and
twenty miles out of the four hundred and
twenty over which the road was to extend,
therefore the Government should be unjust to
the people who have settled along this line,
should take advantage of a technicality to
destroy the hopes of those people who live in
this wilderness.
Ah, Mr. Speaker, it was never your fortune,
nor that of your colleagues, nor of others
here who come from the wealthy and long-
settled regions of the United States, to know
what hardships, trials, and sufferings gather
around the early settlers even of the prairie
lands of the West, to say nothing of the addi-
tional trials and sufferings, the loneliness, the
toil, the privation which always accompany
the emigrant into the forests of our Northwest.
It never has been your lot, and I pray to God
it never may be the lot of yourself or others
who hear me, to kuow by sad experience what
it is to go into the wilderness, far away from
the abodes of men, and work out those im-
provements which make our country smile in
the very heart of the wilderness itself. Gen-
tlemen who live in the luxuries of their splen-
did homes in the East little dream that the
life of the pioneer emigrant is spent in earn-
ing a pitiable subsistence for his family, and
in toiling to open paths and roads to establish
communication with some remote settlement,
when by this act of Congress it was intended
that a railroad should be opened that the peo-
ple might move into that land aud might settle
it without, so much personal toil and privation.
Sir, we are receiving into the United States,
year by year, between three hundred and fifty
aud four hundred thousand people whose native
climate and line of latitude lead them directly
to the cooler northern regions of our conti-
nent. At the town where I reside—that re-
mote inland town at the foot of Lake Huron—
there annually come into the United States an
average of forty-five thousand immigrants, all
taking their departure to the northern regions of
Michigan. Wisconsin, and Minnesota. Yet this
Congress, in view of all these facts; this Con-
gress, which claims to invite the poor, the op-
pressed, and the down-trodden from all the
nations of the Old World to occupy our lands
and dwell among us, encourages these peo-
ple to come here and then sends them into the
wilderness alone, unaided, with no roads, no
facilities for communication.
Why, sir, if this Congress shall so hamper
this bill with restrictions as to make it inopera-
tive, or shall refuse to pass the hill and to ex-
tend the time for the completion of this road,
it will fasten upon itself a stain and a stigma
which will take years to remove. There can
be no longer any pretension of great love for
the poor or great regard for the landless or
deep feeling for the homeless, if we reject a
bill like this which shali open the highway
upon which the landless may travel to lands,
the homeless go to find homes, and the poor
repair to new habitations in order to better
their fortuues.
But, sir, I do not desire to dwell upon this
subject. 1 ask the attention of the House to
the propriety and the justice of passing this
bill and thereby extending the time in which
the Stale of Wisconsin may render this aid to
a rariroad company that has already built a
little more than half the line of road provided
for in the original grant, and has already built
twenty miles for which it has received no lands
at all,
Now, Mr. Speaker, I havebut one other mo-
ment to call the attention of the House to the
fact that this road is not owned by a rich mo-
nopoly. No road running north and south
will ever be owned by a rich monopoly. It is
the great thoroughfares, it is the great roads
across the continent which fall into the.hands
of monopolists and swell the wealth of their
owners. These little north aud south railroads
are, of course, local roads. They will never
become the great thoroughfares of the nation.
And I say to gentlemen here to-day that of
my own knowledge the poor settlers along this
road have labored in season and out of season,
and have contributed out of their scant earn-
ings to help build this road, which Congress
will not lend a helping hand to, and which
road these infinite lovers of the poor in this
House are preventing them from having built.
Sir, there are millions of square miles of
unoccupied lands in the United States awaiting
the tenantry of the landless and the homeless.
There has been but little more than one quar-
ter of the territory originally owned by the
United States ever brought into market, includ-
ing all of the new States northwest of the
Ohio river; but little more, sir, than one quar-
ter. All of the broad lands of the nation are
spread out and can accommodate millions and
millions, ay, untold millions of our own peo-
ple and immigrants from other regions of the
world, and yet there would be room. We
have land enough to give a home to every
citizen of the United States, and every immi-
grant Vho will come to the United States, for
the next fifty years. Why, then, this new-born
zeal to injure the poor citizen of Wisconsin
to-day, by anticipating the wants of coming
generations yet unborn?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is so much confu-
sion in the Hall, I cannot hear the gentleman
from Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, these gentle-
men who stand up in the area holding private
conversation, and who talk so loud that 1 can-
not get the attention of the House, are most of
them the opponents of this bill. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will suspend until order is restored in the
House. Members will resume their seats.
Mr. CONGER. Perhaps I ought not to say
they are all opponents of the bill, and I will
take that back. [Laughter.]
st. louis public builbintt,
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. With the con-
sent of the gentleman from Michigan, I will
take the flour t.o submit a privileged report
from a committee of conference, which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tlio committee of conference on tile disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bilf (II. E. No. 619) appropriating money for the
purchd.se of a suitable site and erecting a, building
thereon in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to be used
for the purpose of a custom-house, post office, :md
other federal offices, having met, after lull and freo
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as ioliows :
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendments, numbered one, two. and three,
and agroe to the same with a further amendment on
page 1. line ten, by striking out the words "two
hundred and fifty," and inserting ill lieu thereof the
words "live hundred."
J. A. GARFIELD,
GEO. A. UALiSEY,
ERASTUt, WELLS,
Managers on the part ot the house.
J. S. MOR11ILL,
L. TRUMBULL,
F. P. JlLAIit,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I only dsire to state the change made in tins
bill according to the conference report. In-
stead of paying $250,000 for a site and S2,000,-
000 for a building, the Senate has made a
change which will increase the appropriation
for a site to $500,000, appropriating $250,000
less for the building. The general amount is
the same, but by the conference report more is
given for the land and less for the building.
1 move that the report be adopted;
The report of the conference committee
was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the conference report
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ST. CROIX AND LAKH SUPERIOR RAILROAD#
Mr. CONGER. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
