1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?49
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
missioners is hereby empowered to investigate
all contracts, expenditures, and accounts in
connection with the Indian service, and shall
have access to all books and papers relating
thereto in any Government office; but the
examination of vouchers and accounts by the
executive committee of said board shall not
be a prerequisite of payment.
Arizona.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of Arizona,
presents of goods, agricultural implements, and
other useful articles, and to assist them to
locate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, seventy-five thousand dollars.
California.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in California, pay of employees,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other nselul articles, and to assist them to
locate in permanent abodes, aud sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, eight}-five thousand dollars.
Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, aud to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, ten thousand dollars.
Dakota Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Dakota Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, aud other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary ot the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expeuded
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Montana Territory, presents
ot goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and to sustain themselves
by the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction ot the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty-live thousand dollars.
Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents ot goods,
ag. lcultural implements, and other useful arti-
clts, and to assist them to locate m permanent
abodes, aud susiam themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the interior,
fifteen thousand dollars?
JS'ew Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian seivice in New Mexico, presents of
gt;rds, agiicultural implements, aud other
un i'uI aitides, and to assist them to locate in
peinsauent abodes, and sustain themselves by
tli« pursuits of civilized life, to lie expended
un.ler the direction of the Secretary ol the
Interior, fifty thousand dollars.
Oregon.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Oregon, including trans-
portation of annuity goods and presents (where
no special provision therefor is made by
treaties), and for paying the expenses of the
removal and subsistence of Indians in Oregon
(not parties to any treaty), and for pay of
necessary employees, forty thousand dollars.
Washington, Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Washington Territory, includ-
ing transportation of annuity goods and pres-
ents (where no special provisionis made there-
for by treaties) and for defraying the expenses
of removal and subsistence of Indians (not
parties to any treaty), and for pay of necessary
employees, twenty-four thousand four hundred
dollars.
Utah Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Utah Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other
ust-ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, including trans
portation and necessary expenses of delivering
provisions to the Indians within the Utah
superintendency, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Wyoming Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Wyoming Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
articles, and to assist them to locate in perma-
nent abodes, and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
five thousand dollars.
For this amount, to purchase subsistence
and clothing for the Indians located upon the
Uintah Valley reservation in Utah, and for
such other objects as the Secretary of the
Interior may deem necessary and advisable
to promote the civilization and improvement
of said Indians, ten thousand dollars.
For transportation, and the necessary ex-
penses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota aud
Michigan, six thousand dollars.
Collecting and locating the Colorado River
Indians in Arizona.
For completing the construction of the irri-
gating canal on the Colorado reservation in
Arizona, twenty thousand dollars.
Choctaw and Chickasaw Agency, Indian
Territory.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary tor the erection, at New Boggy
depot, in the Indian territory, of a building,
to be used as an office for the agent to the
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, five thousand
dollars.
Interest on Trust-Fund Stocks.
For payment of interest on certain abstract-
ed and non-paying State stocks belonging to
various Indian tribes {and held in trust by the
Secretary of the Interior), for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sevetitv-two, viz :
Forinterest on the Cherokee national fund,
eighteen thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars.
For interest on the Cherokee school tuna,
two thousand two hundred and thirty dollars.
•Forinterest on the Chickasaw national tund,
fifteen thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For interest on the Chickasaw incompetents
fund, one hundred dollars.
For interest on the Choctaw general fund,
twenty-seven thousand doliaiss.
For interest on the Creek orphans' fund,
four thousand and forty-eight dollars.
For interest on the Delaware general fund,
nine thousand seven hundred and ten dollars.
For interest on the Iowas' fund, two thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For interest on the Kaskaskias, Weas, Peo-
rias, and Piankeshaws' fund, three thousand
seven hundred and twenty-one dollars.
For interest on the Kaskaskias, Weas,'Peo-
rias, and Piankeshaws' school fund, one thou-
sand four hundred and forty nine dollars.
For interest on the Menomonees' fund, nine
hundred and fifty dollars.
For interest on theOttawas and Chippewas'
fund, two hundred and thirty dollars.
Forinterest on the Pottawatomies' educa-
tional fund, three thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars.
For contingent expenses of trust funds, three
thousand dollars.
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to make careful inquiry into the con-
dition in point of civilization of the several
tribes mentioned in this act, and [he] shall
report thereon in detail at the next session of
Congress, showing the progress of such tribes
respectively towards civilization, with recom-
mendations for such aid by furnishing animals
and utensils for grazing and farming as may
appear useful.
For the removal of the Flathead Indians to
the general or Jocko reservation, set apart for
said Indians'by the treaty of July sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, according to
the order of the President, made November
fourteenth;eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
six thousand dollars.
For the purchase of goods and supplies for
the Indian service in lieu of such as may be
iost or destroyed in transportation by water,
and only to be used to the extent of such loss,
twenty thousand dollars.
For fulfilling treaty obligationsof the United
States with Wyandotte Indians, as provided in
the thirteenth article of the treaty concluded
February twenty-third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, the following amounts ascertained
to be due by the board of commissioners ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior, as
per their report dated March second, eighteen
hundred aud sixty-nine, viz: taxes unjustly
collected by the territorial government of
Kansas in eighteen hundred and fifty-nine aud
eighteen hundred aud sixty, to be refunded,
eleven thousand seven hundred and three dol-
lars and fiity-six cents; to enable the Wjan-
dottes to establish themselves in their new
homes in in the Indian territory, five thou-
sand dollars; in all, sixteen thousand seven
hundred and three dollars and fifty-six cents,
to be paid under the direction of the President
of the United States.
For this amount, to assist the Peoria, Kas-
kaskia, Wea, and Piankeshaw Indians to es-
tablish themselves in their new homes, the
said amount to be taken from the invested
fund of said confederated tribe in accordance
with the stipulations contained in the twenty-
fourth article of the treaty with these and
other tribes of Indians, of February twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-seveti,
twenty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior
is hereby authorized and requiied to prepare
and submit to Congress a plan for equitably
extinguishing, as far as possible, the separate
claims upon the Government of the United
States for annuities and allowances of dimin-
ished Indian tribes, and also for providing, on
a uniform basis, lor all Indians who are col-
lected at the same agency: Provided, That
no annuity, eiiher of money or goods, pro-
vided lor in this act, shall be paid to tribes
,, which are at war with the United States.
H Sec. 3. That the Secretary of the Interior
