1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
titled to - the pay of a charg6 d'affaires during the
time he rendered the services which have been
described, according to the usage established by
Congress. He has received no compensation for
them, and there is no other mode of relief than that
proposed.
A caso almost identical in principle, bat without
any degree of equal merit, may be properly cited to
illustrate the liberality of Congress in recognizing
even imperfect service. Mr. James G. Clarke, an
American citizen clothed with no official character
whatever, was selected by Hon. J. J. Seibels, then
minister resident of the United States at Brussels,
to take charge of the property of the legation dur-
ing a leave of absence in 1856. That leave was
granted for the personal convenience of the minis-
ter, and the duties of his office involved no special
responsibility. Yet the Thirty-Ninth Congress ad-
mitted tne claim for pay to be just and obligatory,
and paid Mr. Clarke the salary of chargS d'affaires
during the time he was the custodian of the archives.
The claim of Mr. Martin has been repeatedly
reported and passed upon with favor by both
branches ot Congress, and from accidental cause
has failed to^ become a law. Ho has passed away,
and it is the inheritance of children, who have been
overtaken by adversity. The United States owes
this debt and should acquit it.
The committee report a bill for the relief of the
children of Mr. Martin founded on the facts which
have been set forth, and the act of Congress which
fixes the pay of a charge d'affaires at $5,000 a year.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I notice what
seems to me a similarity between this case
and one which I have observed the committee
has always rejected. I supposed from what I
understood that the Government has adopted
a rule that it would not pay consular agents
for any other service rendered the Govern-
ment while he lield any other office, and yet
there seems to be such a state of facts here.
Mr. MORGAN. I think I can satisfy the
honorable gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I wish.the gen-
tleman would do so.
Mr. MORGAN. The distinction is this:
there has been an invariable rule of the Gov-
ernment that where a consul was serving in a
country to which the United States had not
an accredited minister, all the relations be-
tween the Government of that country and
the Government of the United States were
regarded as consular in their character. But
where a consul was discharging his duties in
a country where the United States had an
accredited minister, and in consequence of
the removal or death of the minister, he per-
forms diplomatic as well as consular duties,
and in that case additional compensation
was allowed him for those services. In the
case now utfder consideration the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs have not recom-
mended the allowance of the full salary of a
minister, but only fifty per cent, of such salary.
Mr. Martin discharged the duty of charge
d'affaires with such satisfaction to our Govern-
ment that he received in consideration of his
services the especial thanks of Mr. Webster,
who was then our Secretary of State, as well
as the commendation of the minister resident
sent to relieve him.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I must say that
I do not perceive the ground of difference in
the two cases. In the one case, the consul
who was resident at Munich, in Bavaria, a
kingdom of seven million people, where we
had no minister at all, was charged with diplo-
matic duties and performed them for a year
or more to the entire satisfaction of the Gov-
ernment. He made application for some com-
pensation for those services, _ his salary as
consul being entirely insufficient. Now, it
seems that the rule adopted is that if the
consular agent performs diplomatic services
in a country where we have a minister res-
ident for the purpose, he shall be entitled
to compensation therefor; but if he discharges
such duties in a country where we have no
minister resident at all, where there seems to
be an absolute necessity for him to perform
those duties, he shall not be paid for it. I
have not yet been able to see the ground for
this distinction. If there is any law for such
a discrimination as that I wish the gentleman
would let us know what it is.
Mr. BxVNKS. The distinction is this: that
42b Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 163.
in the case reported by the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] the ser-
vices were authorized and recognized, and the
officer received the thanks of his Government
for them. Although this occurred before
the present law was enacted, the Committee
on Foreign Affairs have reported what the law
would now authorize under the circumstances ;
that is, one half of the salary of a charge
d'affaires for that period. In the case spoken
of by the honorable gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Blair,] there was no recognition of the
claim of the_ consul at Munich; that is, no
such recognition as to entitle him to the ben-
efit of the law granting one half of the salary
of a diplomatic officer in addition to his con-
sular salary. He did perform certain diplo-
matic duties; but upon a very careful and full
examination of the case, we did not see that his
services came within the provision of law that
would entitle him to one half of the pay of a
diplomatic officer. In the case now before the
House the principle is certainly and clearly
established, and upon that principle the officer
is entitled to this compensation.
Mr, BLAIR, of Michigan. I would ask
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs [Mr. Banks] if he did not find, in the
case to which I have referred, that the duties
were performed by the direction of the Secre-
tary of State ? Was not the consul especially
directed by letters and orders from the State
Department to perform the services? That
was the fact, whether it was or was not ascer-
tained by the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. In the case that is now under
consideration there can be no question whatever
as to the justice of the claim. It was very
carefully considered, and the rule followed,
which cannot be assailed upon any jusi. grounds.
I hope the report of ray honorable colleague
on the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Morgan] will be adopted by the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to propose an
amendment to this bill. This is a claim now
of about twenty-one years' standing. Our ex-
perience has been that these ancient claims
coming up in this way are not for the benefit
of the party named in the bill, but for the ben-
efit of other parties, assignees, or agents.
Mr. MORGAN. -This bill provides that
the payment shall be made to the children
and heirs of Mr. Martin.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move as an
amendment that this money shall not be paid
to any person to whom an assignment or
power of attorney may have been granted
before the passage of this act.
Mr. MORGAN. That is the intention of
the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that
amendment,
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrussed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lawlessness in south carolina.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 25th ot January last, I have the
honor to submit the iollowing, accompanied by the
report of the Attorney General, to whom the reso-
lution was referred.
Representations having been made to me that in
certain portions of South Carolina a condition of
lawlessness and terror existed. I requested the then
Attorney General Akerman to visit that State and
after personal examination to report to mo the facts
in relation to the subject. On the 16th of October
last he addressed me a communication from South
Carolina, m which he Stated that in the "counties of
Spartanburg, York, Chester, Union, Laurens, New-
berry, Fairfield, Lancaster, and Chesterfield there
were combinations for the purpose of preventing
the free political action of citizens who were friendly
to the Constitution and the Government ofthe uni-
ted States, and of depriving the emancipated classes
of the equal protection of the laws.
"These^ combinations embrace at least two thirds
of the active white men of those counties, and have
the sympathy and countenance ot a majority of the
other third. They are connected with similar com-
binations in other counties and States, and no doubt
are part of a grand system of criminal associations
pervading most of the southern States. The mem-
bers are bound to obediencc and sccroey by oaths
which they are taught to regard as of higher obliga-
tion than the lawful oaths taken before civil magis-
trates.
"Theyare organized and armed. Theyeffeet their
objects by personal violence, often extending to
murder. They terrify witnesses. They control juries
in the State courts, and sometimes in the courts of
the United States. Systematic perjury is one of the
means by which prosecutions of the members are
defeated. From information given by officers of the
State and of tho United States and by credible pri-
vate citizens, I am justified in affirming that the
instances of criminal violence perpetrated by these
combinations within the last twelve months in the
above-named counties could be reckoned by thou-
sands/'
I rcccivcd information of a similar import from,
various other sources, among which were the joint
select Committee of Congress upon Southern Out-
i age*, tho officers of the State, the military officers
of 4he United Stales on duty in South Carolina, the
United States attorney and marshal, and other civil
officers of the Government, repentant and abjuring
members of thoso unlawful organizations, persons
specially employed by tho Department of Justice to
detect crimes against the United States, and from
other credible persons.
Most, if not all, of this information, except what X
derived from the Attorney General, came to me
orally, and was to the effect that said counties were
under the sway of powertul combinations, properly
known as " Ku Klux IOans," tho objects of which
were, by force and terror, to prevent all political
action not in accord with the views of the mem-
bers, to deprive colored citizens of the right to
bear arms, and of tho right to a free ballot; to
suppress schools in which colored children were
taught, and to reduce the colored people to a condi-
tion closely akin to that of slavery : that these com-
binations were organized and armed, and had ren-
dered tho local laws ineffectual to protect the classes
whom they desired to oppress; that they had perpe-
trated many murders, and hundreds of crimes of
minor degree, all of which were unpunished; and
that witnesses could not safely testify against them
unless the more active members were placed under
restraint. ^ aRANT.
Exrctttivf, Mansion, April 19, 1872.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the message
just read be referred to the Committee on the
Insurrectionary States, and be ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEVENSON. With the accompany-
ing documents.
Mr. COX. There is no such committee as
that named by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Dickey.]
Mr. DICKEY. I mean, of course, the select
Committee on Outrages in the Southern States.
Mr. COX. That committee has reported,
and is discharged.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand that the committee is discharged.
Mr. BECK. I hope the message will be
referred to the select Committee on Outrages
in the Southern States. It is not true, as
stated in the message, t'hat a portion of the
information referred to has been obtained from
that joint select committee.
Mr. COX. The message contains state-
ments which are not true, and we will debate
it at the proper time.
Mr. DICKEY'. It is a true statement; aud
we want it printed so that everybody may learn
the truth.
The SPEAKER. If there be no_ objection
the message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, will be referred to the joint select C m-
mittee on the Condition of the Southern States,
and will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
loo-mis aejual telegraph.
Mr. CONGER. I enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 772) to
incorporate t.he Loomis Aerial Telegraph Com-
