1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4385
in the judgment of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the acceptance of the lowest proposal will,
for other reasons, equally secure the proper
care and treatment of marine, patients. It is
perpetual legislation, althongh the appropria-
tion of the money is for a year.
, Then, turning over a little way further, we
find that we have provided for a light-house at
Hunting Island, with an express provision as
to exemptingthe site ofit from the operation of
any law for the restoration of the lands to
their former owners under the direct tax act.
That has nothing to do with one year, but is
forever.
Then, on the thirty-seventh page, we have
provided a very large sum of money, $7,000,
to pay for the estate known as Kendall Green,
for the Deaf and Dumb Institution, with a long
provision, not for this year alone, but forever,
as to the terms and circumstances under which
the property shall be taken, and not only
that, the trusts under which it shall be held
forever.
But, sir, I will not weary the patience of
the Senate in going over the instance after
instance, many of which have been brought
directly to the attention of the Senate and
adjudged in favor of the propriety of the
amendment, because, as I say, the only diffi-
culty is that when an amendment suits you, then
it is in order, and when it does not suit you, it
is not in order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. We have been here
now over seventeen hours, with the exception
of two hours and a half of a recess to enable
us to get our dinners. It is very evident to my
mind that we cannot get a vote this morning
upon this question ; and if we do get a vote
upon this, there will be other questions pre-
sented which will consume some time. I have
sat here very much against my own will, in
order to discharge my public duty, until I am
very nervous ; in fact, not well enough to sit
here much longer. I think there should be an
end to this thing. If we cannot accomplish
the public work by Monday, let us stay here a
week longer. I prefer to sit here a month
longer rather than be kept up at night as we
are now being kept up. We must recollect
also that while some of us can lie down on the
lounges and take our naps, the officers and
employes of the Senate have to keep up, and
be at their posts all the time. Congress has
declared eight hours to be a day's work, and
we require of them double that number of
hours. They have now been here more than
sixteen hours, and there is no prospect of dis-
posing of the subject. 1 therefore move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and the ayes were fourteen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. I beg the Senator not
to ask for the yeas and nays, because evidently
there is not a quorum here at this time of the
morning, and he will break up the session of
the Senate. [Laughter.] I therefore ask him
to withdraw the call.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A division was demanded
by the Senator from Illinois. That will show
no quorum just as much as the yeas and nays.
Mr. STOCKTON. I appeal to the Senator
not to ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BOREMAN. I inquire of the Chair
whether this motion is open to debate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call of
the roll will proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 28; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Svhurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, and Trum-
bull—11.
NAYS'—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandlef, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Berry of Michigan, Flanagan,
]?relinghuysen, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Seott,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—28.
42i> Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 275.
ABSENT—Messrs, Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Clayton, Cooper, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West "Virginia, Fen ton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly; Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Bansom, Rice, Spencer, Sprague, Thur-
man, Vickers, West, Windom. and Wright—35.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask what
the question is ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on indefinitely postponing the bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. Which bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priation bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to know
exactly what that bill is. It has been talked
about a great deal and a great many amend-
ments made to it, and I should like to have the
bill read.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not in order.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask to have the bill
read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The bill has been read at length and
cannot be read again without a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. Does the President
decide that I cannot have the bill read ? An
amendment has been offered changing the
character of this bill. I ask that the amend-
ment be read, and then I ask that it he read
in connection with the bill so that I can under-
stand what the amendment is. The amend-
ment itself does not state on its face where it
comes in. I have examined the amendment.
It does not state where it comes in or what
effect it has on the bill. I have a right to
know what I am voting on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey asks that the bill be
read again for information. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate that it shall be read again ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist thatitis the right
of the Senator to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not,
except upon the third reading or the passage
of the bill. The bill has been read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal from that decis-
ion. If the Chair decides that it is not the
right of a Senator to have a bill read that has
been amended before he votes upou it, I
appeal from the decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that he has not a right to have the bill
read without a vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. From that decision I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois appeals; and the question
is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state why I
appeal from that decision. We have wit-
nessed a most extraordinary proceeding here,
and in the opinion of some members of the
Senate its rules have been repeatedly set aside
during the night Now we are about to estab-
lish a rule, and I call the President's atten-
tion to it, that a Senator called to vote upon a
bill which has been amended in various re-
spects, a number of amendments having been
adopted since it was read to the Senate, has
no right to call for the reading of it before he
votes. If it is a rule in this case, it is a rule
in all cases. If the rule is to be adopted to-
night for the purpose of forcing a bill through
the Senate under what cannot but be regarded
as most extraordinary circumstances, that a
Senator has no right to have it read before he
is called upon to vote upon it, after it has
undergone various changes, then it is the rule
in reference to every other hill, and it becomes
the rule of the Senate.
The reason I take the appeal is to call the
attention of Senators to the rule which it is
proposed to adopt, and which may come back
hereafter greatly to the inconvenience of the
Senate if it is to be established as its rale.
There will be other cases. We are not here
only for to-night. There is always great dan-
ger in a time like this, when Senators are
wearied and anxious to have a bill disposed
of, of establishing rules which will not bear
the test of examination, and which may be
inconvenient at other times when we are
transacting business in the ordinary way.
It seems to me that the decision of the
Chair is incorrect, and I say that, of course,
with deference to the opinion of the Chair;
and it would seem to me to be so upon princi-
ple. Here is a bill that has undergone various
changes; I suppose twenty amendments have
been added to this bill since it was read to the
Senate; and I submit to the Chair that it
cannot be known how those amendments
affect the bill unless the bill be read as it now
stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator will allow the Chair, the Chair has not
made the decision which the Senator seems to
apprehend. Undoubtedly a Senator has the
right to have a pending bill read before he
votes upon it. The bill must be read three
times. This bill has been read twice. It can-
not be read again until it comes to its third
reading, and if any Senator demands the read-
ing of the bill in full on its third rending
it must be read. It is customary only to
read the bill by its title, but if a Senator makes
that demand, he is entitled to have it read the
third time in full, but he cannot have the bill
read repeatedly during the progress of the dis-
cussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood this was
about to be voted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is mistaken. The bill is still in Committee
of Whole and has not been reported to the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But there is a motion
to postpone indefinitely. That would dispose
of the bill definitely, if carried. Now, on a
motion that disposes definitely of the bill, it
seems to me a Senator would have the right to
have the bill read. It will not do to say that
in this case the amendments are such that they
might be understood. That may be so, or it
may not be so. I can easily conceive of a case
where with twenty amendments to a bill there
would not be a single member of the Senate
who would be able to understand the bill with-
out having it read and paying close attention
to the reading. These amendments are often
in manuscript; they are not printed; and
although to an appropriation bill usually each
item is a substantive item by itself and easily
understood, yet there are in this bill, I think,
some changes of phraseology the effect of
which, perhaps, would not be easily under-
stood.
Now, I understand this to be a motion that
disposes of the bill or may dispose of the bill.
If it should carry, it is the end of the hill. It
does seem to me that the request of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey is one that he has a
right to make, and that we shall establish a
wrong rule in the Senate if we decide other-
wise. I am not speaking of a case such as the
Chair supposes, that a person can call for the
frequent reading of a bill during its progress,
but when you are about to take a vote which
may dispose of the bill, as, for instance, laying
it on the table or ordering it to be read a third
time, as the Chair remarked, or indefinitely
postponing it, any vote which disposes of the
bill it seems to me, particularly where the bill
has been changed substantially, entitles a Sen
ator to call for its reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
from Illinois has now contributed a part of
his share of the expenditure of the time of the
Senate in direct violation of the rule. I sup-
pose he does not care anything about that;
perhaps he will say he does not know any-
thing about it; but the Senator probably,
when I suggest it to him, may remember that
