4386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
one of the rules of this body, repeatedly de-
clared from the Chair with universal acquies-
cence, is that when an appeal is taken from a
decision on a non-debatable motion that appeal
cannot be debated. Now the rule expressly
declares that when the reading of a paper is
called for, if there be objection it shall be
submitted to a vote of the Senate and decided
without debate. The Chair put the question
in that way, and decided that it could not be
read without submitting it to a vote of the
Senate. Now the Senator appeals and argues
the question. I do not mind about that. It
only takes up just so much time.
• AH I wish to say, Mr. President, is that the
rules provide for three readings of a bill, and
for three only, and then it provides for other
readings according to the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, to be decided without debate. Why, think
of the absurdity of my friend's proposition.
He says that on the question of ordering the
bill to be read a third time any Senator has
the right to have it read, and theu if it is de-
termined to be read the third time he can
have it read over again, and so on a motion to
lay on the table, and so on a motion to post-
pone until to morrow, and so on a motion to
make it a special order, and so on a motion to
postpone indetinitely, all of which motions
after debate are again in order; so that a less
number than are necessary to demand the
yeas and nays could spend the whole session
in reading the same paper over and over and
over again as a matter of right. You only
have to alternate three motions to accomplish
the purpose. I will not waste the time of the
Senate in discussing such a thing.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the appeal
from the decision of the Chair lie on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON. What was the decision
of the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The decision of the
Chair is that a bill cannot be read at length
except by permission of the Senate unless at
one of its regular readings. Every bill is
read three times; and it cannot be read at
length at any time except the first, second,
ajid third regular readings, except by permis-
sion of the Senate. Either of the regular
readings may be at length ori the demand of
any Senator.
Mr. STOCKTON. I nsk the Chair whether
I have the liberty to make any remarks upon
the appeal from the decision of the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
is made to lay the appeal on the table. The
Chair would feel much indebted to the Sen-
ator from New York if he would allow the
Senator from New Jersey to make his remarks
on that question.
Mr. CONKLING. I will, if I can be recog-
nized afterward to renew the motion. I
should like to see time wasted in some more
valuable way, but I will hear my friend make
a remark.
Mr. STOCKTON. If I can waste the time
of the Senator from New York agreeably to
him, it will give me great pleasure. It
always gives me pleasure to waste the time of
any gentleman who has time to be wasted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator
from New Jersey will read the fourteenth
rule to see that it does not apply at all to
bills. It relates to the reading of a paper—
some paper that is proposed to be read, not a
bill we are acting on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you have no right
to submit it to the Senate at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We frequently send up
papers to be read.
Mr. STOCKTON, I should like to hear
the fourteenth rule read which has been re-
ferred to by the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the fourteenth rule. The Chair
has not ruled upon that.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"14 When the reading of the paper is called for,
and the same is objected to by any Senator, it shall
be determined by a vote of the Senate and without
debate."
Mr. STOCKTON. I have a paper, Mr.
President, that I should like to have read in
connection with some remarks that I wish to
make. Is there any objection to that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question. The Senator from New
Jersey asks to have a paper read. Will he
indicate what the paper is ?
Mr. STOCKTON. The paper is first the
amendment which has been offered to this
bill and then a portion of the act which I
wish to refer to in my remarks. I propose to
submit some remarks to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. But the pending ques-
tion, I remind my friend, is on the appeal ;
and therefore, if that be his purpose in asking
me to yield, I must renew my motion to lay
that appeal on the table. Then we shall be
launched again upon this smooth sea which,
under the strict observance of the rule, by
making this motion to postpone and following
it up, will enable my friend to make his
remarks.
Mr. STOCKTON. I believe I had the floor,
and the Senator from New York had no right
to make that motion while I occupied the
floor.
Mr. CONKLING. If it comes to that, I
submit to my friend that I yielded the floor to
him to make a remark, as I understood him,
upon the appeal.
Mr. STOCKTON. I submit myself to the
decision of the Chair, but my impression was
that the Senator took the floor from me by
my consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no ; I moved to lay
the appeal on the table. Then the Senator
appealed to me to withdraw that motion ; and
on his request, coupled with the request of the
Chair, I withdrew that motion to enable him
to make a remark about the appeal. However,
I do not want any difference with the Senator
about that. I had made my moLion to lay the
appeal on the table, and withdrew it at the
Senator's request.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not think the Sen-
ator from New York would do it at my request.
I made no such request of him.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair state what
it was that occurred?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York moved to lay the appeal
on the table. The Senator from New Jersey
asked if he could make some remarks on the
appeal, and the Chair stated that although the
motion of the Senator from New York was not
debatable, the Senator trom New York would
oblige the Chair if he would allow the Senator
from New Jersey to state his objections to the
ruling of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. And then the Senator
from New York responded that he would do
so if he could be recognized afterward to
renew the motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. Under those circum-
stances I have nothing at this moment to
say, but 1 should like to be recognized by the
Chair as soon as it is in order for me to be.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move that this
appeal lie on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON. Is it in order for me to
move an adjournment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. STOCKTON, (at four o'clock and
forty minutes a. m.) I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The question being put, it was declared that
the negative appeared to prevail.
Mr. STOCKTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Kansom, Robertson, Schurz, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, and West—-13.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, IVeling-
huysen, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—-28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,Davis of West Virginia,
Fen ton, Ferry of Connecticut,Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Mono:], Norwood, Osborn,
Patterson, Rice, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague,
Thurman, Vickers, Windom, and Wright—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling,] that the appeal
from the decision of the Chair be laid on the
table.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were eighteen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
Secretary proceeded to call, and concluded the
call of the roll.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to say that on
this question I am paired with the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and am not at
liberty to vote unless my vote is necessary to
make a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was requested by the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman"] to state
that he had paired with the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Mobton.] They both left the
Chamber together some time ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be ordered to arrest the absen-
tees and bring them to the bar of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
is dividing, and no motion can be entertained
until after the result of the roll-call shall have
been announced.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask a
question of the Chair. Is it in order to ask
lor the reading of the rule which requires Sen-
ators sitting in their seats to vote when their
names are called?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order as soon as the vote is announced.
Nothing is in order while the Senate is dividing.
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays
9; as follows: "
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart, West,
and Wilson—30.
NAYS —Messrs. Casserly, Hamilton of Texas,
Kelly, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stockton, Sumner,Tipton,
and Ti-urabull—9.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Q-oldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitoh-
cock, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Ransom, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Spencer, Sprague, Thurman, Vickers, Win-
dom, and Wright—35.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. President, this amend-
ment of the existing law has, I believe, never
been reported from the Secretary's desk. I'
should like to have the law read in connection
with the proposed amendment, so that we may
see exactly what the law will be when it is
amended as it is proposed to amend it. Inas-
much as it has not been reported, and it is
decided by a vote of the Senate that it cannot
be reported by the Clerk or read in connection
with the law that it proposes to amend, I pre-
sume it will be in order for me to read it my-
self, and to show its connection with the law
that is proposed to be amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will say to the Senator from Oregon that the
Chair did not decide that the amendment
could not be read. The demand of the Sena-
tor from New Jersey was that the bill be read
at length.
