2594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
pany was yesterday referred to the Committee
for tie District of Columbia.
cowan and dickinson.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unan-
imous consent, the bill (S. No. 96) for the
relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of Knoxville,
Tennessee, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
osage indian reservation.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced abill (H. R. No. 2334) toconfirm to the
Great and Little Osage Indians a reservation
in the Indian territory; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
martha prances stephens.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2335)
in relation to the pension of Martha Frances
Stephens ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
territorial penitentiaries.
Mr. MBRRITT. I ask unanimous consent
to offer for immediate consideration the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Attorney General is directed
to furnish to this House, at the earliest practicable
time, a statement showing the cost of equipping and
maintaining the penitentiaries in the Territories of
Colorado, Montana, and Idaho from the time the
marshals of said Territories took charge of said
penitentiaries up to this date; also the number of
persons confined therein convicted of offenses against
the laws of the United States and of said Territo-
ries: also what contracts have been made with said
Territories for keeping territorial convicts, and the
sums of money paid by said several Territories for
keeping territorial prisoners.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to oppose
that resolution; but it seems to me that it
ought to be directed to the Secretary of the
Interior, rather than to the Attorney General.
Mr. MBRRITT. -No, it belongs to the
Attorney General.
The SPEAKER. That is the proper refer-
ence.
There being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. MBRRITT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave to print.
Mr. READ. As there is to be no session
to-morrow for debate, 1 ask unanimous con-
sent for leave to print the remarks which I
have prepared.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
presidential electors.
On motion of Mr. VOORHEES, by unani-
mous consent, a bill (S. No 816) to amend an
act entitled ''An act to establish a uniform
time for holding elections for electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President for all the States,"
approved January 23, 1845, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
citizens op glasgow, missouri.
On motion of Mr. COMINGO, by unanimous
consent., a bill (S. No. 369) for the relief of
certain citizens of Glasgow, Missouri, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
enrolled bill.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they bad exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the fol-
lowing title:
An act, (H. R. No. 1657) to amend section
two, act of August 30, 1852, in relation to
the transportation and exportation of imported
goods, wares, and merchandise in bond through
certain ports in the State of Texas; when the
Speaker signed the same.
leave op absence.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for ten days from
Monday next.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence until Monday next.
Mr. CRITCHER, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for three days
from Monday next.
Mr. BEVERIDGE, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for one week.
Mr. STORM, by unauimous consent, was
granted leave of absence until Tuesday next.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, was granted leave of
absence until Thursday next.
Mr. DE LARGE, by unanimous consent,
was granted an indefinite leave of absence
from Monday next.
jetiiro wood.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of the heirs of Jethro Wood.
letitia .tktt, administratrix.
On motion of Mr. BECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Let-itia Jett, administratrix of G.
H. Jett, for taking the census in Kentucky.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPEER, of
Georgia, (at four o'clock and twenty minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned until Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of S. N. Auldrich and 153 others, citi-
zens of Marlborough, Massachusetts, asking
for the passage of House bill No. 1738, allow-
ing totally and partially disabled soldiers and
seamen increased pensions.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Mrs. Ellen J.
Brosman, for compensation of stock of goods
taken by second Army corps in 1863-64.
By Mr. FARWELL: The petition of cigar-
makers of Chicago.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of E. A. Bar-
nard and others, for an improved ice harbor at
New Castle, Delaware.
By Mr. KELLEY : The memorial of 31 citi-
zens of the United States, protesting against
the change in the Constitution allowing a per-
son of foreign birth to become President of
the United States.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of J. A.
Bowman, Alfred Parabee, Walter B. Mot-
singer, and 78 others, citizens of Washington
county Indiana, earnestly praying Congress
to preserve inviolate the great guarantees of
religious liberty now contained in the Consti-
tution of the United States, and to dismiss all
petitions asking the adoption of measures for
amending the Constitution by incorporating
in it a recognition of God as the source of
all authority and power in civil government,
and of the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler
among nations and His revealed will as of
supreme authority; protesting against such
proposed amendments as an attempt to revo-
lutionize the Government of the United States,
and to overthrow the great principles of com-
plete religious liberty, and the complete sepa-
ration of Church and State, on which it was
established by its original founders.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of many
citizens of Lake county, Indiana, asking the
passage of the House bill for the increase of
pensions of permanently disabled soldiers.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of J. J.
Flournoy, of Jackson county, Georgia, pray-
ing an appropriation to aid in the support of
old, decrepid, and homeless colored people
in the South.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petitions of
Charles Barker, Job Goldwater, and 90others ;
of E. Josephs, L. Michaels, and 95 others;
of John P. Steiner, C. Showart, and 100 others,
cigar-makers, all of the city of Detroit, Mich-
igan, asking the repeal or modification of sec-
tion eighty-two of the revenue law of 1868,
so that the bond system, as applied to cigar-
makers, be abolished, and that the special tax
may be proportioned according to the number
of persons employed, or the number of cigars
manufactured.
post route bills introduced.
The following bills were introduced under
the rule, and relerred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. McKEE : A bill to establish a mail
route from Vernon, Madison county, Missis-
sippi, via Woodbine, Yazoo county, to Satur-
lia, Yazoo county.
Also, a bill to establish a mail route from
Boltons, Hindscounty, Mississippi, to Browns-
ville, Mississippi.
Also, a bill to establish a mail route between
Morton, Scor.t county, Mississippi, and Polk-
ville. Smith county, Mississippi.
Also, a bill to establish a mail route from
Paulding, Jasper county, Mississippi, via Eto-
hom'a and Laconia, to Taylorville, Smith
county, Mississippi.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 20, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded toread the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 desire to have a measure
brought before the Senate this morning, and
wish to state what it is before I move to dis-
pense with the reading of the Journal if I can
get unanimous consent for that purpose. I
have been written to, I think I am not exagger-
ating when I say by fifty or sixty firms in the
cities of Philadelphia, New York, and Boston,
stating the very great injury that is being done
to the tea and coffee trade by the inaction of
Congress upon the question, and the uncertainty
in consequence of previous action. There is
a bill upon the Calendar of the Senate, another
bill in addition to that which was sent back to
the House, and I wish to move this morning
to proceed to the consideration of that bill, so
that immediate action may be had upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that the reading of the Journal may be dis-
pensed with so that he may call up the House
bill abolishing the duties on tea and coffee to
act upon it at this time during the morning
hour, if possible, subject to the morning busi-
ness. Is there objection ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to dis-
pensing with the reading of the Journal, but
I hope the Senator will not bring up the meas-
ure that ho suggests just now. He must cer-
tainly know that it will produce a divided
Senate, and we shall have no quorum here.
This day was given to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads with the expectation
that the postal code bill would be read to-day.
It does not absolutely require a quorum to be
present when that is done. Hence I imagine
that many Senators are absent. Now, if the
Senator proceeds with a measure which will
certainly divide the Senate, he will simply do
himself no service and destroy the day so far
as our committee is concerned.
Mr. SCIIURZ rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri object to the proposition
of the Senator from Pennsylvania?
