750
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
4'2d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be, and he hereby is, authorized to expend,
for the removal of the Chippewa Indians to to
the White Earth Lake reservation, in Minne-
sota, for their subsistence for six months after
their removal, and for improvements oti the
said reservation, the unexpended balance of
appropriations heretofore made for such re-
moval, subsistence, and so forth, and now
on the books of the Treasury Department,
amounting, in the aggregate, to fifty-seven
thousand and seventy-nine dollars and forty-
four cents.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, t,o enable the Secretary of the
Interior to carry on the work of aiding and
instructing the Indians on the White Earth
reservation, in Minnesota, in the arts of civil-
ization, with a view to their self support, con-
ditioned upon the assent of the Mississippi
band of Chippewas, first expressed in open
council in the usual manner, to the settlement
of the Otter-Tail band of Pillagers upon the
White Earth reservation, with equal rights in
respect to the lands within its boundaries,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Sec. 4. That the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he is hereby, authorized, in his dis-
cretion, to apply the balance on hand of the
appropriation of one hundred thousand dol-
lars, made by the act of July fifteenth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, entitled "An, act for
the support of industrial and other schools
among the Indian tribes not otherwise pro-
vided for," and so forth, at such times, in such
sums, and for such tribes and bands as, in his
opinion, may be required.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the expenses of holding
a general council of the Cherokee, Creek,
Seminole, and Choctaw and Chickasaw In-
dians, in the Indian territory, as provided by
the treaties with said tribes iu eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, fourteen thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary: Provided, That
any other Indian tribe permanently located in
said Indian territory shall be, and is hereby,
authorized to elect and send to said general
council one delegate, and, in addition, one
delegate for each one thousand Indians, being
members of such tribe, on the same terms and
conditions, and with the same rights and priv-
ileges, including right to compensation, as is
provided for delegates of the tribes hereinbe-
fore mentioned ; and a sufficient sum to pay
the per diem and mileage of such additional
delegates is hereby appropriated.
Siou. 5. That the President of the United
States and the Secretary of the Interior are
hereby authorized to make an appraisement of
the Cherokee lands lying west of the ninety-
sixth meridian of west longitude, and west of
the land of the Osage Indians, in the Indian
territoiy, and south of the southern line of
the State of Kansas, ceded to the United States
by the Cherokee Indians under their treaty of
July nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, for the settlement of friendly Indians, and
report the same to Congress : Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby
is, authorized to negotiate with the Southern
Cheyennes and Arapahoes for the relinquish-
ment of their claim to the land ceded to them
by the second article of the treaty of October
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven,^ out of the cession made by the Cher-
okees in the treaty of July nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six; such relinquish
ment, it obtained, to be in consideration of a
sufficient and permanent location for the said
Cheyennes and An-apahoes, upon the lands
ceded to the United States by the Creeks and
Seminoles in the treaties of March twenty-first
and June fourteenth; eighteen hundred and
sixty-six; and that the Secretary report the
action taken by him under this provision to
Congress at its next session.
Sec. 6. That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized to expend, for
the removal of the Winnebago Indians, in Wis-
consin, from their present homes in that State
to the Winnebago reservation, in Nebraska,
or to such other location as may be selected
for tliem, and for their subsistence during
such removal, and at their new homes, the
sum of thirty six thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary^appropriated by
act of July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, for the removal of stray bands of Potta-
watomies and Winnebagoes from Wisconsin to
the tribes to which they respectively belong.
Sec. 7. That it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to to prepare and cause
to be published such rules and regulations as
he may deem necessary or proper, prescribing
the manner of presenting claims arising under
existing laws or treaty stipulations, for com-
pensation for depredations committed by the
Indians, and the degree and character of the
evidence necessary to support such claims ; he
shall carefully investigate all such claims as
may be presented, subject to the rules and
regulations prepared by him. and report to
Congress, at each session thereof, the nature,
character, and amount of such claims, whether
allowed by him or not, and the evidence upon
which his action was based: Provided, That
no payment on account of said claim shall be
made without a specific appropriation therefor
by Congress.
Sec. 8. That with the consent and concur-
rence of those bands of the Chippewa Indians
of Lake Superior, located on Lac de Flambeau
and on Lac Court Orielles, and also of the
Fond du Lac bands of said Indians, expressed
in open council in the usual manner, the
Secretary of the Interior be, and hereby is,
authorized to remove the said bands of Indians
from the tracts of lands which were set apart
for them respectively and withheld from sale
for their use, in accordance with the third and
fourth clauses of the second article of the treaty
between the United States and the Chippewa
Indians of Lake Superior and the Mississippi,
concluded September thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, and to locale said bands of
Indians upon the tract of land set apart by
the_ second clause of said article for the La
Poiute band of said Chippewa Indians.
The lands rendered vacant under the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be appraised
by three competent commissioners, one of
whom shall be the United States agent for the
said Chippewa Indians, and the other two
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, with the approval of the President.
Should there be upon any of the lands to be
thus appraised any improvements made by
or for the Indians, or for Government pur-
poses, the said commissioners shall appraise
the said improvements separately. After the
said lands shall have been appraised, as herein
provided, the Secretary of the Iuterior shall
be, and hereby is, authorized to offer the
same at public sale to the highest bidder, in
tracts not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres each, at such place in the congressional
district in which said lands are situated as may
be designated by the Secretary of the Interior,
ninety days' notice of which shall be given by
advertisement in at least three newspapers of
general circulation published in said congres-
sional district; and if not sold at public sale,
it may be sold in tracts of not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to one person, at not
less than the appraised value, and upon pay-
ment therefor to cause patents in the usual
form to be issued to said purchaser or pur-
chasers for said lands: Provided, That no bid
for separate tracts shall be accepted which
may be less than the appraised value of such
tract, including the improvements, if any,
thereon: And provided further, That bids for
tracts having improvements upon them shall
state the price for both the land and the im-
provements. The proceeds of such sales shall
be invested or expended for the benefit of the
Indians interested, in such manner as the
Secretary of the Interior, subject to the
approval of the President, may direct.
The commissioners to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior, under the provisions
of this act, shall receive compensation for their
services at the rate of six dollars for each day
actually engaged in the duties herein desig-
nated, in addition to the amount paid by
them for actual travelling and other necessary
expenses.
The sum of seventy-five thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
hereby is, appropriated, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, for the appraisement
and sale of the said reservations and for the
removal and establishment of said Indians, as
hereinbefore provided, the sum so expended
to be reimbursed from the proceeds of the
sales of the lands of said Indians authorized
by this act.
Approved, May 29, 1872.
Chap. CCXXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Albert W. Gray.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Albert W. Gray, of
Middieton, in the State of Vermont, have
leave to make a new application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the extension of let-
ters patent granted to him for an improvement
iu horse powers, on the ninth day of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and after-
wards re-issued on the first day of July, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two; and that the said
Commissioner of Patents be authorized to
consider and determine said application in
the same manner and with the same effect as
if it were an original application for such ex-
tension, duly filed within the time required by
law, and no application therefor had here-
tofore been made: Provided, That, in case
such extension shall be granted, all persons
who, between the date of the expiration of
the original patent and the date of such exten-
sion, have constructed, or caused to be con-
structed, or used such improvement in horse-
powers, shall be at liberty during said extended
term to use, and vend to others to use, said
improvement in horse-powers so constructed
or used.
Approved, May 29,1872.
Chap. CCXXXV".—An Act to increase the
Capital Stock and to extend the Works
of the Washington Gas-Light Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofltep-
resentatwes of the United States of America iii
Congress assembled, That the capital stock of
the Washington Gas-Light Company be, and
the same is hereby, increased two hundred
thousand dollars, with the privilege of increas-
ing it not exceeding one million dollars, as
the same may be required from time to time,
for extending their w«orks in the District, of
Columbia east ot Hock creek : Provided, how-
ever, That said increase of capital stock shall
not be made from undivided profits of said com-
pany which have already accrued, or may here-
after accrue, but from capital actually paid m :
Provided also, That said increased capital
stock shall be subject to all the conditions
of the charter of said Washington Gas-Light
Company.
Approved, May 29, 1872.
