1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
will withdraw his attention from subjects that
are far less worthy of his consideration. I now
yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] for ten minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmajt,]
•who is the author of the amendment now under
consideration, to the fact that he does not
accomplish what seems to be, and what un-
doubtedly is, his honest wish and purpose;
that is, to prevent the reversion of this land,
if we refuse it to the St. Croix company, to
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company. If
he expects by the proposition of which he is
the author, and which is now before us, to
accomplish that result, then he has made a
fatal omission. The provision in the charter
of the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, to
which he has referred, and to which reference
has been also made on this side of the House,
is to the effect that lands that have heretofore
been granted to companies shall not be in-
cluded in the lands which the Northern Pacific
Bailroad Company may take.
Now, in this case there has been no abso-
lute grant of land to the St. Croix company;
the grant to that company was a conditional
grant. It can never become absolute, and can
never be a grant until the road shall be com-
pleted, because that is the condition of the
grant. Of course by the very terms of the pro-
viso which the gentleman has read from the
charter of the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, these very lands may become subject to
the grant of that company, because they have
not become an absolute grant to the St. Croix
company. The bill under consideration was
intended to defeat any reversion of these lands
to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
because it provides for a renewal of the con-
ditional grant to the St. Croix company. In-
asmuch as the gentleman and his friends have
defeated this renewal, and the grant itself is
defeated by reason of the non-performance of
the conditions, then, as a matter of course, in
accordance with laws heretofore passed, these
very lands will revert to the Northern Pacific
Bailroad Company, unless Congress by legis-
lation shall prevent it.
Now, sir, I do not believe there is a man in
this House who will be willing to vote for
a distinct proposition that lands heretofore
granted to the people of Wisconsin for the
construction of a local road of vital import-
ance to their local interests shall be taken
from them and given to the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, which already has more
than fifty million acres of land, and is now
in the markets of this country and the markets
of other countries competing with the securi-
ties of the United States in consequence of
the enormous advantages thus secured to them
in favor of their own securities.
If the gentleman from Indiana means to
withhold these lands from the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, it must be i5y some propo-
sition that is not now in the bill, and which
shall declare that these lands shall not in any
case revert to that company, and that all acts
or parts of acts which make such revision pos-
sible shall be repealed. That is all I have to
say on that subject. If the gentleman from
Indiana does not make such a proposition,
does not propose such a prohibition, it seems
to me that the effect of his measure, if not his
desire, is that these lands may revert to this
great corporation.
Mr. HOLMAN. The declaration of the
amendment is as express as it can be made,
that the lands shall not revert to the Northern
Pacific railroad. Language cannot be made
more distinct than it is.
Mr. BANKS and others. Let the amend-
ment bo read.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] has evidently been looking
at the printed bill. This amendment was
offered this afternoon and is not in print.
Mr. BANKS. Let it be read from the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. COX. I send it up to be read, and I
ask the attention of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to its language.
The Clerk read as follows:
But no part of said lands shall be selected by or
inure to the benefit of any railroad company under
any assumed grant from the United States; and
said lands are expressly reserved for the benefit
of actual settlers under the provisions of the said
homestead act.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, that is not
sufficiently distinct. It should declare that
these lands shall not revert to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, and that all acts or
parts of acts which make such reversion pos-
sible shall be repealed. It is not necessary
to refer to any "assumed" rights of "any
railroad company."
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will write out the amendment as he
proposes it, I think my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holmajt] will accept it.
Mr. BANKS. I have drawn up a proposi-
tion, and though it is not perhaps perfect in
form, I will send it to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not
be in order for the gentleman from Indiana to
accept any modificalion of the report of the
committee. That report can only be changed
by a majority of the House.
Mr. COX. I understand that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana has been
accepted to be voted on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana was ac-
cepted as a part of the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
•Ketciiam,] but not as a part Of the amend-
ment reported by the committee.
Mr. BANKS. It does not matter what the
paternity of the amendment may be. The
proposition just now read at the desk is not
sufficiently explicit. I ask that there shall
be not only a declaration that these lands shall
not revert to the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, but that any acts or parts of acts
which seem to imply that the lands may so
revert under any circumstances whatever, shall
be repealed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first
amendments in order are those reported by
the committee. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ketchaji,] not as the organ of
the committee,but as a member of the House,
offered an additional amendment which he
has since modified, as it was in his power to
do, by accepting the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Indiana. The proposi-
tion ofthe gentleman from Indiana is therefore
a part of the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, and not of the amendment
reported by the committee. 
Mr. COX. Then, Mr. Speaker, I ask the
gentleman from New York to accept the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I presume that is entirely in
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York when he is on the floor
can put his own amendment in any shape he
desires.
Mr. BANKS. Let the proviso which I have
sent to the desk be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
No lands embraced in the grant to the St. Croix
railroad shall in any case revert to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company • and all acts or parts
of aets inconsistent with this provision are hereby
repealed,
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, someprovision
of that character is necessary to prevent the
reversion which gentlemen on the other side
desire to prevent.
Now, I have only one word more to say.
This is a local road. It comes within the pur-
view of the railroad "grants made for honest
purposes, for local uses, at a time when there
was no valid objection to them, and when,
if they were established now upon the same
principle, there would be no valid objection
to them. This is a local road connecting the
people of the southern and southwestern por-
tion of Wisconsin with a southern point on
Lake Superior. It interferes with no other
road, and to prevent the passage of this bill
and the completion of this road is to make it
impossible for the Northern Pacific railroad to
be tapped by having this road built to the
southern point of Lake Superior.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ketcham,] the chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands, says there is another road
which renders this proposition unnecessary.
Now, he knows very well that these two roads
if completed will be at the place where they
reach Lake Superior a distance of some eighty
miles apart. Although they may start at the
same point in Wisconsin, they continue to
diverge throughout the whole distance until
they reach Lake Superior, when they are eighty
miles apart. There is no man in this House,
in view ofthe present condition of railroads on
all sides, who will question the fact that these
people of southern and southwestern Wisconsin
ought to have this road. The renewal of this
grant for five years will enable them to do this
work so that southern and southwestern Wis-
consin will be connected with Lake Superior,
and in that way connected with that great road
from the east to the west known as the Northern
Pacific railroad. I hope for that reason this
bill will be passed.
Mr. CONGER. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the bill and pending amend-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. What will be thefirst ques-
tion if the previous question be seconded ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the pre-
vious question be seconded the Chair will state
the condition of the bill and amendments. The
first question to be submitted to the House will
be the amendment to the report of the com-
mittee offei-ed by the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldredgb.] After the amendment
of the gentleman from Wisconsin has been
disposed of the next question will be on the
report of the committee.
Mr. KETCHAM. I will modify the report
of the committee by striking out the word
"forfeited," and insert "reversion."
Mr. STEVENSON. I would like to know
of the Chair on whose motion it is we are to
vote on the demand for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Michigan having the floor for an
hour, and his time not having expired, has
called for the previous question, which he had
the right to do.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to ask,
as the gentleman from Michigan is not on the
committee, and as his motion takes this busi-
ness out, of the hands of the committee, how
he proposes to divide the time?
Mr. CONGER. Equally between the friends
and the opponents of the bill.
Mr. KETCHAM. The gentleman from
Michigan has not charge of this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Only the gen-
tleman who reported the bill would be entitled
to an hour after the previous question is sec-
onded.
Mr. KETCHAM. If the gentleman is
going to take the business out of the hands
of the committee in this way, I hope we will
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
House will not adjourn until this matter is
settled and taken out of the way of other busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the pre-
vious question is not seconded before adjourn-
ment, the bill will not only go over until Tues-
