3490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
May 15,
ending June 30,1873, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. POMEROY, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to,the conference asked by the House of
Representatives on tho disagreeing votes of the two
llouses thereon.
Ordered, That-the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILLS REFKnRED.
ThefoHowing bills were severalty read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
oil the Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 630) in relation to pew
trials in the Court of Claims ;
A bill (H. R. No. 631) to aipend an act
entitled '' An act regulating proceedings in
criminal cases, and for other purposes,'" ap-
proved March 3, 18§5;
A bill (H. R. No. 908) to repeal the several
acts relating to the tenure of civil offices ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1028) to amend an act
entitled " An act relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other officers
of the Government," approved June 11,18<j4 5
A bill (H. R. No. 1396) for the relief of
Marshall O. Roberts;
A bill (II, R. No. 1600) to. wend an net
entitled " An act to incorporate the Wash-
ington Monument Society
A bill (H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish the Department
of Justice, and for other purposes;"
A bill (H. R. No. 2773) to anjend section
five of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expense?
of the Government for the year 18^1, approved
March 3, 1841," and to authorize the' proper
construction thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 2774) to prevent certain
officers of the United States and Territories
from practicing as attorneys or solicitors in
courts of the United States in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 2776) for the relief of
Samuel B. Elliott, late acting parser of the
United States vessel of war the Mirt; ■
A bill (H. R. No. 2776) to provide for the
adjudication of the claim of John Graham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of the
sureties of S. F. Marks, former postmaster at
New Orleans ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2778) to provide.stenog-
raphers for the courts of the United States.
The bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consol-
idate, and amend the laws relating to pen-
sions was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
bill introduced.
Mr. CRAG1N asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1117) relating to the courts and judicial pro-
ceedings in the Territories; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORIiILL, of Vermont. I judge that
the Senator in charge of tfye railroad bill has
abandoned any idea of passing it, as he is not
here; and as there does not seem to be a
quorum present, I move' that the Senate
adjourn. [" No 1" <lNo !"]
Mr. SCOTT. My colleague and the Sen-
ator from Vermont seem to have been so
entirely amicable in all their arrangements in
regard to this bill that I trust the Senator will
give my colleague a few minutes to get into
the Chamber.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator from
Vermont, however, moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will with-
draw the motion st the request of my friend
from Pennsylvania.
wilkbs's exploring expedition
^ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, if that is neces-
sary^ to take up for consideration at the pres-
ent time a bill reported from the joint Com-
mittee on the Library. It will take no time 
By unanimous consent,the bill (S. No. 984)
to provide for the completion.of thre? volumes
of Wilkes's United States Exploring J5?pe(}i-
tion was read ,a secont} tithe, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes
the joint Committee op Jtjie , Library to con-
tract for the CQwpjetioB ,0.f three ujijipishefl
volumes of the United States Exploring
Expedition of the nars 1838 tp 1842, to
consist pf the physios and hydrography of
the expedition, by (JfetrJes Wilkes* find tjj.e
volume of botany pf the expedition, by John
Torrejr and others, the publi&atipn, t.o be
n?.ad.e in the same style ti£ the y'plpuies hereto-:
fo're published, and^ijisirib.pteii jn the' sa'n^
Wanner j bit no p ore than $9,.OQ0 Ja in {my
case to be required to finish Jthe :vol.ph}ps, ,
The bill was reported to the Sf^ate witfcoi#
amendihent, ordered to be engrossed, fpr, ft
third reading, read the third time, find passed:
JSUaC'l'IONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. KELLOGG* Now I ask that the bill
which lias passed the Senate once,-and hay
since passed the House, and 4s upon oof table,
a like bill being upon the table of the House
passed by the  en«tey be taken up. I do not
think there can be any objection to' it. ■ I
should like t® perfect that legislation now if
possible. It is a hill in regardto the presiden-
tial election in Louisiana. 1 . ■
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland.1 We met
for another purpose thid evening. I am not dis-
posed to object to any unobjectionable measure*
but I know se-teral Senatbrs around me have
objection to the bill which the Senator from
Louisiana proposes to take up.
The -VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from.Missouri, [Mr. BL\m, j who objected this
afternoon, has just come into the Chamber.
The Senator from Louisiana desires to havfe
the Louisiana election bill taken up and passed
now. Does the Senator from Missouri insist
on his objection?
Mr. BLAIR,. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr-, CAMERON. I rise for the purpose of
saying that I did not hear what was said by
the Senator from Louisiana, but I trust noth-
ing will be allowed to interfere with the busi-
ness regularly before the Senate this evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. AH this is done
by unanimous consent. The Senator from
Maryland has the fldor, but yielded for a few
moments because the Senate, was not full.
Objection is made to the request Of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana.
BIUDGJJ ACltOSS ARKANSAS RlVfill. '' '
Mr- CLAYTON. J ask unwiimops oensent
to take up Senate bill No. 93-1, for the con-
struction pf a, bridge aqross the Arkansas
rjver.
Mr. POMEROY. J hope that bill will be
taken up. We have had it up once.
Thers being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to oonr,
Sider the bill (S. No* 031) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
riyer at Little Rock, Arkansas,
The bill proposes to make it lawful for the
Little l£ook Bridge .Company, a corporation
having authority from the State of Arkansas,
to build a railroad, transit, and wagon-bridge
across tbe Arkansas river, at or near the City
of Little Rock, in Arkansas; and when con-
structed, all trains of all railroads terminating
at the Arkansas river, at or near tha location
of the bridge, are to be allowed to crass the
bridge for a reasonable compensation to be
paid to the owners; and in case of any litiga-
tion arising from any obstruction or alleged
obstruction to the free navigation of the rtyer,
the cause may be tried before the district court
of the United States in and for the eastern
district of Arkansas.
Any bridge built under the provisions of this
act, may, at the option of the company build-
ing it, be built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot,
or with unbroken or continuous spans; but if
the bridge is to be made jmhpjibroken or con-
tiguous spans, it is not to be in,any oass, of 9
less,.elevation, thaa fifty feet abone .extreme
bigk-water wiark, m understood at the point of
locapon, to the bottom chord of the bridge,
nor is the span over the maju eh#nnei pf the
riyer 'at lpw jy^ter U> !?e WW* two hwjfed
 n<l &f|ty feet, nor 4s there, fcQ.be a greater nuoi-
ber of s^aiis than four crossing the remaining
width Ot ther.ivptyand fhp piers pf the bridge
 repll to be,parallel with the current of the
river,, If„ puy bridge, shall be constructed
under this aet,a? 9 drtyw;bri(lge, it is to have a
pivot-dra,,woyer the main chauu(il*t low water,
witk^p^us.of.pof less tha# one hundred and
4fty jEoefc in the clear on each side, of the
center or piffot pier pf the bridge, and there
is .potato be£.gre ter, wmber of fixed spaas
thfin, four orogsing thepenwining width pf jthe
river j, and yie .bridge is,pot, to be less than
thirteen.,feejt.&bpye the low-water ipark as
understood at the Lopatiopof the bridge, meas-
uring :tp the, bottom, chord of the bridge,, and
all the piers of the bridge are to be parallel
with current of,the river, .The draw is to
be opened promptly, upon reasonable signal,
fpr the passage of boats jvbose eopstryctiou
is upt sHoh as to admit of, their passage under
the bridge", except when a railroad train is
passing ovpr.it; bpt in no case is apy unneces-
sary delay, tp oQcur iti opening the draw after
the passage pf such train-
Any pridge constructed under this act and
according to its. provisions is to be a lawful
structure) and recognised aqd known as a post
route, upon ffhiob no higher charge is to be
made for, the transmission over it of the mails,
the .troops, and piuuitions of war of the Uni
tod "States than the rate paid fpr their i'uns-
pprttitipn over, the railroads or public, high-
ways,. }e di g to.the bridge; and the United
States is to have the right of way for postal
telegraph purposes across the bridge.
The company may execute a, mortgage upon
the bridge and issue bonds payable, principal
and interest,, in gold or United States cur-
rency; but the bridge is not to be built or
Commenced until the bridge company shall
submit to tbe Secretary of War, for his approval,
a plan with the necessary drawings of their
bridge conforming to the above requirements,
nor until he shall approve the plan and loca-
tion of the bridge ami notify the company of
it in writing; and should any change be made
in tha plan of the bridge during, the progress
of the work thereon, such cliauge is to- ba
subject likewise to the approval of the Secre
tary of War.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment,
to strike out in section four, commencing in
line one, the following words:
Said company may execute a mortgage upon said
bridec, and issue bonds payable, prinoipal and in-
terest, in (told or in United States currency, but.
Mr. 'POMEROY. . That, amendment simpiy
strikes out all that relates to the issue of
bonds. . ; ■
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. Now in lieu ot the fifth
section of the bill-1 offer a provision which
we have put in aJJ these bridge bills and which
cO'mes from the committee :
That the said etrueturo shall bo at ail timepso kept
and managed as to offer reasonable and proper
means for the Jiassage of vessels through or under
said structure, and tha said structure shall be
changed at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof from time to time as Congress may direct,
so as to preserve the free and oonvement naviga-
tion of said river ; and tho authority to eroct and
continue said bridge shall bo subject to revocation
and modification by law whenever the public good
shall in the judgment of Congress so require with-
out any expense or charge to tbe United States.
Sec. 6. That the right to alter or amend this act
so as to prevent or remove all material obstructions
to the navigation of said river by the construction
of said bridge without expense to the United otatea
is hereby reserved.
The amendment was agreed to.
