1872,
THE C0iNTG;Bi:SSI0N4L, GftOBB,
mi
Mr. CHANDLER, _ J desire to ask the Sen-.
ator inchargeofthi'shjn whether the engineers
have examined ,the lull,? It does cot confirm,
to. the; regulations for the building of bridges'
on the Ohio river. However, it may beall
'SMr, . It has been wade to con-
form to tbeproyisionsi whi<& theSecretary of •
War hsis inaugurated for the Arkansas riyer,
as I understand. 1
Mr, CHANDLER, [It is ip AecQ$'an<;e with'
the recommendations of. the Department? ,
,,.Mr- PQMERQY, ';I«.o,«jn*ders h(J. Itw&s,
8°MrrcHifeER.. If it has been prepared
by thg.wgmger, porps, I have no objection.
:Tb<? bill -w?p .reported tp 'fhe, Senate as'
amended, and the.ameudwents were concurred,
in, ljhe bill was. ordered to be engrossed for al
third readjng, read the third tijpe, and passed.
COURTS IN TH  EIGHTH CIRCUIT.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to ask the
indulgence,©? the Senate to put on its passage
at this time a bill fixing the time' fox' holding
the circuit courts in our circuit. It has been
agreed upon "by all Jshe judges, the judge of
the Supreme Court included; has passed the
House,' and been reported by the Committee
on the Jildioiary yf "the Senate. It is House
bill'No. 1072. V ;
Byutiariimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (p. R. No. 1072) to fix times of
United States Circuit courts iniheeighthdistrict.
It' provides that the .circuit court of the United
Stages for the several districts comprising the
eighth 'judicial ctrciiif -shall hereafter be held
asfollow^:" -•
Missouri.—lb the districts of Missouri, com-
mencing on the third Monday of March and
the third Monday of September i*  each year.
Arkceriiasj—In the eastern district of Arkan-
sas, commencing on the second Monday of
April And the fourth Monday of October in
each year.
Nebraska.—In the 'district off Nebraska,
commencing on the fifst Monday in May and
the secpnd Mohday in November in each year*
Iowa..—In the district of Iowa, commencing
on the second Monday of May and the second
Monday of October in each year.
Kansas—h\ the district 'of-Kansas, com-
mencing on the first Monday of June and the
fourth Monday <>f November in each year.
Minnesota.-~ln the district of Minnesota,
commencing on the third Monday in June and
the second Monday of December in each year.
This act is to take effect on the 1st of July,
1872; and all acts prescribing other times for
holding the terms of'said courts are, so far as
they conflict with this act, repealed.
No action; suit, proceeding, or process In
any of the courts is to abate or be rendered
invalid by reason':of this act, but the same are
in the several districts to be deemed to be
returnable .to, pending and triable in, the
terms and circuit courts hereby established,
next after the return-day thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read " An act to fix
times of United States circuit courts in the
eighth circuit."
ORDER 01 BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senate to take up
and pass a bill of one section to authorize the
issue of bonds in lieu of bonds destroyed by
fire.
Mr. CAMERON- This is a good time for
me to object. My colleague, it appears, has
a bill which he desires to pass. I would not
interfere with anybody else, but I do object in
this case. „ , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. After this bill
or before it?
Mr. CAMERON. I think before it.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator
from Pennsylvania objects, , ' " ' "
Mr, CAMERON. I trust we shall now take
up the regular order.
The VICE : PRESIDENT, The regular
order is called for, upon which tb$ Senator
from Maryland [Mrv Hamwost] is eptitlqd.to
the floor, i
POTOMAC lUILROAB BBSOT. , !
, The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,'
resumed , the coijsider'atibn of the bill (H, R,
No. 2187) tp confirm the action of the board
of aldermen and common council of the fcity
of Washington, ( designating; a depot site for
the Baltimore and rotobiac Railroad .Corn.-'
pany,_ and for other purposes, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr.
MoruilIj, of Vermont.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland- When, th«
Senate took the receas this afternoon I was
commenting upon the.character of a public
parkland what would ba.tlie effect,of estab-
lishing £  railroad depot there, how : injuri-
ously ,it would affect such a place as that, and
the purposes to whi,ch it must ultimately be
devoted. I was at the, time speaking of the
depot itself and of its surrounding?, how it
must affect the grounds generally j but when
we look at other matters connected with the
depot, when we remember the fact that there
will be from, twenty'to thirty, trains daily going
and coming, Senators' will observe! what must
necessarily occur there. ' There are, to be
double lines of track,'' If this road is to'be the
great work that its friends' say it will be, yon
will, observe at once what space it will occupy,
and what danger the public in using this .great
park must necessarily incur on account of the
railroad,
I presume this railroad will be occupied and
used as much as the Washington branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio road just below this Cap-
itol, I ask any Senator who is pressed to vote
upon this hill to consider for a moment the
condition of that depot and the numerous
trainsrunning in and out of it daily. Pressed
as we are by public business, it is insisted that
we shall vote upon this measure, without having
an opportunity of examining carefully all the
incidents surrounding it j but if w^shanld not
pass this bill to-night, { ask any Senator,here
to do me, or the city, or tie country, thq .per-
sonal favor just to take a walk down .to the
Washington branch of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad and see the condition of thjnga there,
and from that he can judge what it must be here,
I presume that this road is to be used to the
same extent that the Washington branqh of
the Baltimore and Ohio road is now used. I
presume it is to be ,a great road,. It will be
energetically conducted, and there will be a
great deal of travel over it, and there will be
a demand for a great many cars and all kinds
of things connected with it; If that be' so,
where are you to place them ? Can you place
them upon a reservation eight hundred feet
in length and one hundred and fifty feet in
breadth ? Not at all. But from the time you
leave Virginia avenueuntilyou cross the public
grounds at B street will be occupied entirely
by this company and its cars. How are they
to change cars? How are they to have one
car to supply the place of another ? Where
are they to have their surplus cars ? This i$
to be the sole depot here, and is so provided
in the bill. If Senators will go to the Camden
station of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad in
Baltimore, and see- the cars standing there
upon either side, and outside, and all along
that- station, they will have a picture of what
will occur in this great park. And you can-
not complain of the company for thns using it.
Their business interests will require it, and
you cannot avoid it. No citizen of this city
can complain if the cars are thus placed upon
the tracks, because the company are obliged
to use them in this manner. The blame will
be upon us that we permitted this reservation
to bq occupied by a road of this character so
as to Incumber it to the eqtire destruction of'
thes park and to the injury of those, who in the
future wi$h to use it for pleasure purposes, to
which ft wa3 originally appropriated by the
founder3 of this capita,!.'
You will have to double or treble, the tracks
of railway. Tou have got to have thiem,' You
have got to ihange jour cars, you have got to
put on some and put off" others as the necessi-
ties of the company's business may require.
They must st&na and remain/somewhere. In
that way, from the depot until you leave the
public reservation, you will have cars standing
there; and what a beautiful condition of things
will that b© for the public and for the city 1
Here will be a great workshop made up of
steam-engines, tad of passenger cars, of freight
cars, of express cars, of express wagons, all
kinds of-wagons and carriages, upon this great
public reservation.
Mr. President, it is the destruction of the
whole park, and! say here now that while I
w^s a member, of the Committee on Public;
Buildings and Grounds, during the first two
years of my Service In this Chamber, I took a
great deal of personal interest in this park and
ip this great reservation, I endeavored, in
conjunction with my colleagues upon that com-
mittee, to obtain appropriations from Congress
for the purpose of making it what it ought to
be, or at all events commencing the great
project of making it what it ought to be. But
if this railroad is allowed to go in there and
sever it right, between the Capitol and the
Smithsonian Institution and Agricultural De-
partment and the Washington monument ancl
tlje President's House I shall abandon, so faraa
I am personally concerned, all further interest
in that ground, and I shall be obliged on the
f round of justice to vote, whenever the time
oes come, for other corporations to have like
privileges either at this particular point or at
some other point in these grounds, so that from
Sixth street to Fourteenth street you will have
the Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas rail-
road, and yqu will have the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad. Can you deny the same privi- '
leges to those roads tliat you have conferred
upon this one? It is impossible for us, in
justice to those voads to do that. Then
yon will have entirely devoted this grand
reservation of public grounds to the worst
possible purposes in the world, so far as
the improvement and adaptability Of those
grounds to the uses originally designed are
concerned. It is a perversion of the whole
thing; and you might as well, and indeed bet-
ter, at once give the people au opportunity to
plant residences there, because if you allow
these depots to go upon these grounds ^ou for-
ever preclude anybody from improving auy
portion of the grounds; you will at once make
it a desert waste except for purposes con-
nected with railroad depots; you will drivq
every person desiring to buila a liandsoino
house or to make improvements from the im-
mediate vicinity of these grounds; you will
have abandoned these grounds to purposes that
will utterly ruin them. Are you prepared to
do it?
If this disposition is to be made of them, I
shall not only vote, so far as I am personally
concerned, against any appropriation to fijf
these grounds, because it would be useless for
us to do it, but I shall vote to allow other rail-
roads to enjoy like privileges there. Other
Senators can ao as they please; of course it
is their right. Gentlemen may think this au
improvement, and may go on into the expend-
iture of a large sum of money to make im-
provements on these public grounds ; but
considering that this depot would make an
entire ruin of the original purpose o( this
reservation, I shall at once, so far as I am con-
cerned, abandon all interest in it.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Maryland alluw me to say a word in reply to
a remark he made awhile ago, that u this bill
