1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3699
day next, but will go behind all other orders,
as it was assigned for this day, and not from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the Speaker will re-
member, the arrangement was made by unani-
mous consent that at a particular hour to-day
the previous question was to be moved.
• Mr. W. H. ROBERTS. The previous ques-
tion was not called at the hour fixed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York stated that unless the
House otherwise ordered he would at four
o'clock call the previous question. When four
o'clock came the gentleman had not a right to
the floor to make that call 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
had not finished his statement. The gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who was
entitled to the floor, now calls for the previous
question ; and pending that call, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. W. R. Roberts]
moves that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have from
the Chair a statement of the position of the
bill if we should adjourn now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is not informed as to what are the orders for
the next week. But if the House adjourns
before the previous question is^econded, this
bill will go over to Tuesday, and will then
take its position behind such special orders
as will be on the orders of the day previous
to it.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. If the House
should now second the demand for the pre-
vious question, and should then adjourn,wherr
would this bill come up again ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In that case
it will be the first thing in order to-morrow
after the reading of the Journal. Does the
gentleman from New York [Mr. W. R. Rob-
erts] insist upon his motion that the House
do now adjourn ?
Mr. VV. R. ROBERTS. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I renew it. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes forty-one.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not insist on a
count of the negative vote.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Conger's call
for the previous question.
Mr. KILLINGER. Before the previous
question is seconded, the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] yields to me to pres-
ent my amendment. .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can only
be offered by unanimous consent while the
call for the previous question is pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] with-
draw his call for the previous question, to
allow the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Killinger] to be offered?
Mr. CONGER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Killinger]
was offered some time ago, and the friends of
the measure are willing that it should be con-
sidered as pending.
Mr. KILLINGER. Let my amendment be
read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. The friends
of the measure have no objection to that amend-
ment being considered as pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If an objection is
sufficient to shut out the amendment, I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Killingku] pro-
poses to perfect the matter which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Retcjiam] proposes
to strike out. His amendment would be in
order before the amendment of the gentleman ,
from New York is voted on.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in order pending
the demand for the previous question?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
ruling on the supposition that the gentleman
from Michigan yielded for the purpose of
allowing the amendment to be offered.
Mr. hTEVENSON. Can the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] yield for the
offering of that amendment without withdraw-
ing his call for the previous question ?
Sir. CONGER. I yielded to have the
amendment considered pending.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] surrendered
the floor for that purpose, and the amendment
is now pending. Does the gentleman renew
his demand for the previous question?
Mr. CONGER. I do.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger) is recog-
nized by the Chair as resuming the floor, and
now moves the previous question on the biM
and amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If the previous question
should now be seconded, who is entitled to be
recognized for an hour to close debate?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Kbtcham,] the
chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands, will be entitled to the floor for one
hour if he desires it.
Mr. COX. I wish to understand whether
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Killinger] in regard to pig
iron is pending? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
pending.
Mr. CONGER. I believe the pending ques-
tion is on the call for the previous question. I
ask for a vote.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was
ordered ; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. W. B. ROBERTS. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 74, noes 83.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS and Mr. RANDALL
called for the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being, on a division—ayes 24, noes 99.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Eldredge's
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
So the'motion to reconsider was laid upon
the table.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I desire to enter a motion to lay
this bill upon the table.
Mr. CONGER. I do not yield for that
purpose.
The question was put upon Mr. Conger's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committee:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Mrs.
Louisa E. Lntig, for pension.
By Mr. BEVERIDGK: The petition of
Captain J. S. Herod and others, asking a
modification of the law as to homestead and
bounty for soldiers in the late rebellion.
By Mr. BIGBY: The several petitions of
John A. Simonton, Robert T. C. Tucker, and
Jesse Partridge, of Merriwether county, Geor-
gia, asking to have their political disabilities
removed.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of col-
ored citizens of Virginia, asking further pro-
tection on sumac.
By Mr. EROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the freedmen of the Cherokee tribe *
of Indians, for relief.
By Mr. BURCHARD : The petition of 105
citizens of Whitesidescounty, Illinois, respect-
fully and earnestly asking Congress to preserve
inviolate the great guarantees of religious lib-
erty now contained in the Constitution of the
United.States, and to dismissal! petitions ask-
ing the adoption of measures for amending
said Constitution by incorporating in it a rec-
ognition of " God as the source of all author-
ity and power in civil government," and of
''the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among
nations, and his revealed will as of supreme
authority."
By Mr. COX: The petition ofE. M. Cham-
berlain and others, of Alleghany county, New
York, for the repeal of the tariff, &c.
Also, the petition of S. M. Howe and others,
of Greene county, Ohio, for the same.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Hannah
W. Sumner, widow of Major General Edwin
V. Sumner, deceased, praying an increase of
pension.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of Caroline
Reheis, for a pension.
By Mr. GE fZ: The petition of M. A. Sel-
lers, Joseph Bewer, Joseph Smith, Daniel A.
Bausher, and 25 others, citizens of Berks
county, Pennsylvania, for a modification of
the laws regulating the distillation of whisky,
so that distilleries inay be licensed according
to their actual capacity, such capacity to be
ascertained by practical men.
By Mr. LYNCH : The petition of soldiers of
Maine, asking an increase of bounty for ser-
vice during the rebellion.
By Mr. McCRARY : The petition of R. H.
Moore, editor of the Louisa County Safeguard,
Columbus City, Iowa, praying that type may
be put on the free list.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of W. W.
Delve, a disabled soldier of the war for the
suppression of the rebellion, asking that he
may be allowed and paid a pension from the
time of the muster out of his regiment to the
time of his individual discharge from the ser-
vice of the United States.
By Mr. McHENRY: The memorial of
George W. Neil, of Butler county, Kentucky,
praying that certain taxes paid by him be
refunded.
By Mr. McKEE : The petition of O. S. Lee
& Co., newspaper publishers in Mississippi,
asking a change in the postal laws.
By Mr. MONROE : The petition of Hon.
S. S.Warner and 63 others, citizens <jf Welling-
ton, Lorain county, Ohio, asking Congress to
make aff appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor of Black River, Ohio.
By Mr. PACKARD : The petition of John
M. Helmick, and many others, citizens of
Indiana, for the relief of soldiers of the late
volunteer army.
By ilr. SARGENT: The petition of citizens
of San Francisco, in reference to taxes on
liquors.
Also, the petition of citizens of San Fran-
cisco, in regard to taxes on tobacco.
Also, the petition of Jane Davidson, for a
pension.
By Mr. SHANKS: The memorial of George,
Whipple, Benjamin Lotaill, J. M. Terris, C
P. Bush, and A. M. Powell, ministers tepre-
senting the different churches represented ill
the Indian peace commission, asking the
passage of a general law extending civil gov-
ernment and the protection of law over all
Indians who will carry out and enforce the
same within their respective vicinities.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
