4388
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
no man's services shall be demanded from him
without making compensation.
Now, what does this bill provide? In the
first place, it provides that these persons shall
serve; it is a duty enjoined ; it is a matter
which is compulsory. Every person who may
be appointed is compelled to do this duty;
he is compelled to act as a supervisor; he
is compelled to neglect his own business,
whatever that business may be, to go and
attend to that which the public demand, which
is exacted from him when he is appointed a
supervisor. I call the attention of the Senate
to a portion of the fourth section:
"That it shall be the duty of the supervisors of
eleetion, appointed under this act, and they and
eaohof them are hereby authorized and required, to
attend at all times and places fixed for theregistration
of voters, who, being registered, would bo entitled to
vote for a Representative or Delegate in Congress,
and to challenge any person offering to register; to
attend at nil timos and places when the names of
registered voters may be marked for challenge, and
to oauso sueh names registered as they shall deem
proper to be so marked; to make, when reauired,
the lists, or either of them, provided for in section
thirteen of this act, and verify the same; and upon
any ocoasion, and at any time when in attendance
under the provisions of this act, to personally inspect
and scrutinize such registry, and for purposes of
idontifieation to affix their or his signature to each
and every page of the original list, and of each and
evvryeopy of any such list of registered voters, at
such times, upon each day when any name may or
shall be received, entered, or registered, and in suoh
manner as will, in their or his judgment, detect and
expose the improper or wrongful removal thorefrom,
or addition thereto, in any way, of any uame or
names.
Now, Mr. President, it will be perceived
that it is made the compulsory duty of these
supervisors to attend at the several times and
places on the different days that voters may
be registered prior to any election for Con-
gressman. We all know that in States where
they have registration laws there are generally
five or six days or ten days prior to an elec-
tion when every voter has a right to have his
name registered. It is made the compulsory
duty of these supervisors to appear on that
day. Again, section five goes on to say—
That it shall also bo the duty of the said super-
visors of election, and they, and eaeh of them, are
hereby authorized and required, to attend at all
times and peaces for holding elections of Represent-
atives or Delegates in Congress, and for counting the
votea oast at said election."
There is another duty imposed upon them.
It is their duty and they are required to attend
on the day of the election. Then they are
required to attend at the counting of the votes,
which generally is on the day following the
election. Certainly few elections pass over
where the votes are cast and canvassed on the
same day. Here, then, we see five or six days
occupied with the registration of votes, one
day in the election and another day in the can-
vass. Now, I call the attention of the Senate
to another provision. Let me read section
eleven—
i," it further cruietcd, That whoever
snail be appointed a supervisor of election or a spe-
cial deputy marshal under tho provisions of this
act, and shall take the oath of office a s such super-
visor of election or suoh special deputy marshal,
who shall thereafter neglect or refuse, without good
ana lawful excuse, to perform and discharge lully
the duties, obligations, and requirements of such
otnee until the expiration of tho term for which he
was appointed, shall not only be subject to removal
'F0^ P™00.with loss °*' a" Pay or emoluments, but
snail be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction
oe punished by imprisonment for not less than six
S m,oro than one year, or by fine not less
than $200 and not exceeding $500, or by both fine
-;l.mp„s°„ment, and shall pay the costs of prose-
Here we see most onerous duties imposed
upon the supervisors of election. We see that
it is made compulsory upon thera to attend to
these duties, that they are required to do so,
and that if they fail to do the duties as required
by the statute they shall be subject to a fine
not less than $200 nor more than $500, and
to imprisonment in the penitentiary not ex-
ceeding one year nor less than six months.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. KELLY. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, (at five o'clock and thirteen
minutes a. m.) My desire is to relieve the Sen-
ate and the officers of the Senate from the
very onerous job that we have undertaken,
and therefore I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
of the Senator, if he will allow me, whether
it would not be just as well to make one of
the motions that we have heard before. This
is a novel proposition, which we may not be
prepared to vote upon. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The motion is not de-
batable. The Senator from Missouri moves
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR and others called for a division.
Mr. CONKLING. We may as well have
the yeas and nays at once.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biair, Casserly, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, Kelly, Ransom. Saulsbury, Schurz, Ste-
vonson, Stockton, Trumbull, and West—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cakl
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Freiingliuy-
sen, llowe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Pomoroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman. Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Clayton, Cocuior, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton. Ferry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldtnwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Huchcock,
Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nor-
wood, Osborn, Patterson, Rice, Robertson, Spencer,
traguo, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, Windom, and
right—34.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President-—-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon has the floor. Does he yield to
the Senator from Georgia?
Mr. HILL. I only wish to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. KELLY. Very well.
Mr. HILL. All the communications I have
had with the Senate during this long watching
and vigil have been strictly in conformity with
the scriptural injunction ; they have been yea,
yea, and nay, nay, nothing further. I ask the
Senate as a personal favor, since I have staid,
to oblige not only me but every other Senator
by taking a recess until eleven o'clock, and
let us go home like decent people, or as decent
as wo can appear, wash up a little, for there
is no water about the Capitol, I believe, to-
day, and get breakfast, and come back and
see what we can do after breakfast. Let us
exhibit some good nature, though I disclaim
having been in the slightest out of temper my-
self during the whole night.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think if there can be
an agreement to vote without further debate,
we will take a recess.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a good sugges-
tion. Let us do it,
Mr. BLAIR. I do not think we can take a
vote without having the steamboat bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make a motion ?
Mr. HILL. I do—that the Senate take a
recess until eleven o'clock. ["No!"] I
will put it a£ ten if I can do no better.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say half past five.
Mr. HILL. A recess from half past five
until ten?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; from now until half
past five. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it impossible for us
to come to an understanding about a vote?
I think the question is of consequence to
either side.
Mr. HILL. T have rather come to that con-
clusion myself.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a question that was
debated for over a fortnight, I think, in the
Senate. I understand this amendment to be
in totidem verbis the bill which the Senate
passed; and as there is a manifest disposition
on the part of the majority to pass it, it seems
to me it would be more in conformity with the
way in which we transact our business here to
fix a time when we shall have this vote with-
out debate; otherwise we are prolonging the
session with inconvenience to everybody, not
more so, however, to us than to gentlemen on
the other side.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me we are
wasting time. We had better at once agree to
prolong the session and then take a recess or
adjourn. Asa matter of course, if the minority
will not allow us to vote, we have to stay here
until we can reach a vote, and I for one say that
I would be taken out of this Senate Chamber in
piecemeal before I would surrender to the
minority after we have been kept here in this
way, not on an important matter, but a mat-
ter that ought not to have kept us. I am per-
fectly willing now to vote to prolong the ses-
sion or to let the session expire. But as for
the minority saying to the majority that they
shall not pass a law simply because they do
not want to do so, I never will submit to it
while I live. I am a pretty good-humored
man generally, and willing on most matters
to yield as far as courtesy can go and conven-
ience would suggest; but I will not, after hav-
ing been kept here last night, yield the ques-
tion of the right of a majority to make laws for
the people of the United States, and I never
will.
Mr. STOCKTON. I trust I never shall live
to witness the day when the Senator from
Ohio is carried out of here by piecemeal, by
small pieces.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have so high a regard
for him that at this time in the morning I can-
not think of a better word than to say I should
be distracted, it would drive me crazy, if any-
thing of that kind should happen to the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I earnestly trust no such
thing will ever occur to him, and if I have it
in my power, I pledge myself to that Senator
to do everything a man cau do to prevent any
such calamity happening to the Senate and the
country.
Mr. ANTHONY and others. Let us vote.
Mr. STOCKTON. No, I will not be inter-
rupted now. When the Senator from Ohio
talks about the minority keeping us all up I
desire to say a word. The majority has kept
us here. The majority has kept us here by
olfering an amendment, as I said in opening
my remarks at some time last night or the
night before last, or some other remote period,
I can hardly remember now when it was—not
germane to the bill, that was a violation of
our rule. I stated my views to the Senate.
Gentlemen, whether they agree with us or not,
have no right to get up and say that we have
kept them here when the simple question the
whole night long has been this : whether they
had a right to put legislation of a serious char-
acter upon an appropriation bill in violation
of the rule they had adopted themselves and
the understanding of that rule, as we all under-
stood it, that that should not be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not here during the
time this point of order was raised, and I there-
fore have no feeling about it. If the Chair
had ruled the amendment out of order, that
would have been the end of it as far as the
majority was concerned. I have, however,
looked over the rule; I am familiar with the
origin of that rule, and I say with the Senator
from New Jersey, with a frankness equal to his
own, that the rule expressly states that certain
legislative amendments are in order. The words
of the rule expressly allow legislation to be
offered of a certain kind, and the only question
was whether this legislative proposition came
within the terms of the rule. If the Senator
will read it he will see that the only question
under the rule is, does the legislation proposed
apply to and relate to the appropriations con-
tained in the bill?
Here is an appropriation bill containing an
item appropriating $3,000,000 to the judiciary
fund, and among other things it provides that
that $3,000,000 shall be applied to the pay-
