804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
tion I ask permission to print the following
statement showing the total amounts paid for
the Globe from 1849 to 1871, inclusive:
For Congressional Globe and Appendix..$l,247,449 69
For one complete set of Globe and
Appendix  268,031 04
For binding same, from 1851 to 1802  121,585 35
For reporting proceedings in Congres-
sional Globe  518,857 51
For amount paid and due for Globes of
Forty-First Congress  472,776,98
2,628,700 57
For additional compensation to re-
porters not proporly chargeable to
Globe        176,939 89
2,805,640 46
For binding at Government bindery from
1862 to 1871, (estimated;  270,000 00
Grand total S3,075,640 46
We are soon to have about forty additional
members in this House. Who cart say, in view
of the rapid increase of matter to be published,
and of the expense of publication, that the
amount required for the Globe, if it be con-
tinued, will not soon exceed a half million dol-
lars per annum?
The figures presented simply give the ascer-
tained cost of the Globe. The unascertained
and unascertain.ible expense which its public
ation involves we have good reason to believe
amounts to far more than the sum named.
The Globe is made the receptacle for all man-
ner of speeches, essays, editorials, sermons, on
all subjects of which the ingenuity of man
can conceive. It seems to bo a member's first
duty and highest ambition to get into it as
often as he can. It, is a standing encourage-
ment to speakers and writers. It makes silence
a delect and quiet labor a reproach. It invites
men to talk much when they have little to say,
and put in rounded periods and high-sounding
verbiage what would be better understood it
uttered in that, simple, direct, and pertinent
language which obtains among business men
the world over, it inculcates the absurd no-
tion that nothing can be valuable which is not
trumpeted forth at the top of our voice in a
long and tiresome speech. It tends to crowd
honest merit and quiet thinking to the wall,
aud makes impudence, rather than solid sense,
the grand element of success. It leads to
interminable repetition of ideas and arguments
on every important measure which comes
before us for consideration. It discourages
and prevents legitimate debate, and by pro-
longing our sessions not only involves the
country in a vast, unnecessary expense, but
exercises an unwholesome influence over
legislation.
Is it, not our vanity, rather than an honest
desire to benefit the country, which induces us
to continue this publication ? The ten thousand
speeches which lie iiuried and forgotten in
the Globe should teach us that, our contribu-
tions to it do not insure immortality. Can we
not safely trust to the independent press of the
country, to the brief but accurate Journals of
Congress, which tell where every man stood
upon every important measure, and to the laws
we pass, the work of preserving whatever we
may do or say which is likely to be of perma-
nent value to mankind? The best speeches
ever uttered have come down to us from a
period when men talked less and thought more,
said yet there was no Congressional Globe in
those days. This indicates at least that the
world understands the value of these things,
and will, of its own accord and at its own
expense, preserve whatever is of use to it.
Sincerely believingthat the abolition of the
Globe would be a wise measure of economy
and result in great good to the country, I have
felt it my duty to call attention to the facts aud
figures which I have submitted, and ask for
them the earnest consideratioirof the House.
1 entertain but little hope; however, that Con-
gress will at this time consent to its discon-
tinuance, but do hope, if it be not prepared
to go that far, that it will consent to certain
changes that will lessen the expense of the
publication considerably without in the least
imoairing its value.
1'he joint Committee on Printing, with the
permission of the publishers, have made in
one respect a decided improvement in the
Globe, and one which is likely to result in a
very considerable diminution of its cost, if
assented to by Congress. Prom the Thirty-
• Third Congress down to the close of the Forty-
First an index has been inserted in each vol-
ume. During the Thirty-Ninth Congress, at
the suggestion, I understand, of the Commit-
tee on Printing, the index was considerably
enlarged and made more' systematic, and also
more expensive. To show the result of this
plan of inserting an index in each volume I
present the following statement which exhibits
in detail the number of volumes for each ses-
sion of the Forty-First Congress and the num-
ber of pages of index matter which they con-
tain :
First session, one volume; pages of index  Ill
Second session, six volumes ; inserting360 pages
of index each 2,100
Third session, throe volumes; inserting 332,
pages of index each  698
Appendixandlaws.onevolume; pagesof index, 70
Total pages of index in the eleven volumes... 3,042
Multiply the number of pages of index by
the number of copies of the Globe (quarto
edition) furnished to Congress, (12,391,) and
you have 37,693,422 pages of index, which, at
two mills per page, amount to $75,386 81.
One complete mdex for each copy covering
051 pages would have been sufficient. This
would have made in the aggregate 7,942,200
pages of index matter, which, at two mills per
page, would have amounted to $15,884 4Q.
Deduct this sum from the amount actually
paid for indexes to the Globe of the Forty-First
Congress, and you have $59,502 44 which was
expended for matter that was not only of no
practical use, but which rendered the volumes
inconveniently large. This defect the joint
Committee on Printing has remedied by an
understanding with the publishers of the Globe
that but one index shall bo supplied; and in
accordance with this arrangement the two
volumes of the first session of the present
Congress have but one index. This will be
found in the first volume.
The Daily Globe has a very small cireula-
lation ; the number of copies issued, includ-
ing those furnished members of Congress, will
probably not exceed one thousand. There is
therefore no actual benefit derived by either
ourselves or our constituents from publishing
the laws and resolutions of Congress in that
paper at $ 10 30 per column, and still less
necessity or use for burying them in the quarto
edition at two mills per page. Congress has
provided for the publication of the laws by
Little, Brown & Co., under the supervision
of the State Department, and their edition
is the only one recognized as authentic in any
court of the country. The Congressional
Printer is also authorized to print the laws
in a cheap and convenient form. Of the
volumes issued by him we are allowed a few
copies annually for distribution among our
constituents, and the law permits any one to
buy them of the Congressional Printer at the
actual costof press-work and paper. No one,
therefore, ever goes to the Congressional Globe
for the laws. We paid during the Forty-First
Congress for publishing laws and resolutions
in the Globe, as follows:
307 columns Daily Globe, $10 30 per col-
umn $3,102 10
3,OBJ,200 pagos quarto Globe, two mills per
Page G.12-1 40
Making a total sum of. ,$9,286 50
which was absolutely thrown away. Shall we
continue this useless expenditure?
Beside the saving we shall make by omit-
ting the duplicated indexes and the laws from
future volumes of the Globe, the expense might
be further reduced somewhat by weeding out
certain matter which perhaps should very
properly appear in the daily, but should not
be transferred to the quarto edition. For
instance, petitions and, bills for the establish-
ment of post roads, which in the House are
presented under the rule, with all similar mat-
ter presented in the Senate, occupy probably
two hundred pages of the quarto edition,
which, being multiplied by the number of
copies published, make 2,440,000 pages,
amounting, at two mills per page, to $4,880.
Now, it may be well enough, if we continue the
publication of the Globe, to have the daily
mention the fact that these petitions were pre-
sented and referred to their appropriate com-
mittees, because by sending the petitioner a
copy of the paper we inform him that we have
discharged our duty in this regard, and are
thus saved the trouble of writing him a letter.
But can we on the ground of recognizing and
upholding the right of petition, which every
American regards as sacred, justify ourselves
before our constituents for an expenditure of
nearly $5,000 a Congress to preserve this use-
less matter?
You say the petitions are the people's. I
answer, the money isthe people's, diawn from
them by taxation, and they will not approve
of its expenditure upon a flimsy pretext that
has in it not the shadow of sense or logic.
The petitioner's memorial is received by Con-
gress, referred to a committee, where it is care-
fully preserved ; the journal of the committee
records the dato of its reception, the subject-
matter to which it refers, and the final action
in regard to it; when reported back, the Globe
indicates that the prayer of the petitioner is
either granted or refused. What more can
the sacred right of petition require ? Certainly
nothing further. The more important petitions
and memorials are now printed at length in
the body of the Globe; will not the mere state-
ment of the fact in the daily that the others
are received and referred be sufficient?
There is another consideration that may very
properly be urged in favor of this reduction.
By omitting this and other unimportant mat-
ter from the quarto we not only render the
volumes more convenient in size, but we lessen
the cost of them to the people. I do not know
that any one ever buys the Congressional
Globe, but at a reduced price some might
even desire to purchase it. It fills up a library
very well, and to a man who does not under-
stand that it is never referred to it looks like
business, and may help to give a reputation
for industry and learning which can be turned
to good account. By reducing the index, omit-
ting the publication of the laws, and leaving
the columns of the daily Globe occupied by
unimportant pctiiions out of the quarto edi-
tion, we ougtit to reduce the cost of the Globo
over $72,000, and at the same time render it
more convenient and valuable.
There is much other matter ont'rely worth-
less, and much which can be of but little pos-
sible Value to any one, that might very properly
be left out of the quarto, but as the omission
of this would touch to some extpnt upon what
are called the debates, I presume Congress
will insist upon its pteservation. I fear, there-
fore, that the only material rednc ion of ex-
penditure we are likely to make has been
already suggested. Ten dollars and thirty
cents per column is as low, probably, as the
proceedings^ can be published in the Daily
Globe. This, to one not acquainted with the
peculiar difficulties under which the pub'ishers
labor, may seem an extrava;ant assertion, for
it is well known that ordinarily the cost of put-
ting matter of the same lo-gth of the Globe
column, in brevier tyi e, is $2 58; nonpareil,
$1 56, and for tabular work double rales.
But these rates for ordinary work afford us no
idea of tho cost of producing the Daily Globe.
