2596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the word " next" was a better word, but' per-
haps "opposite" is a more expct word, and
therefore I prefer it, on consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to, to cor-
respond with the amendment in the other
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. How does the clause
read now, if the Senator will be good enough
to read it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not exactly
the same as in the other bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator would
read the language giving jurisdiction.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from
California why he wants the words " opposite
to?" An obstruction or nuisance caused in
the river by a bridge must certainly be in the
jurisdiction of some district court, wherever it
is. The word " in " covers the case. Why
say " opposite to?"
Mr. CASSERLY. I should have been glad
if the Senator from Minnesota had done me
the honor to attend to what I was saying.
Mr. RAMSEY. I did hear the Senator.
He admonished the committee for neglecting
to insert a provision in the bill which he sub-
sequently found there, and for which he did
not afterward apologize to the committee at all.
[Laughter.] Still, I will not complain about
that.
Mr. OASSERLY. I am so well aware of
the good nature and the forgiving disposition
of the Senator from Minnesota, that perhaps
I was not sufficiently prompt in tendering my
amends to him and to his committee, which
I do now.
But I was saying that in a bill of the same
general character which we had up here the
other day there was an amendment inserted
in regard to the jurisdiction of the court over
an obstruction or nuisance, which I thought
ought to be in this bill, and that amendment
has been adopted by the Senator from Ne-
braska who has the bill in charge. Now the
Senator from Minnesota inquires, why should
the words ''or opposite to" be inserted after
the word "in?" I will answer the Senator
from New York also by reading the clause
as it stands, with the amendment, and at the
same time I call the attention of the Senator
from Minnesota to what I shall read and say:
The causo may be tried before the district court
of the United States of eithor State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
The Senator from Minnesota will perceive
that the limiting word is the word "State."
Now, an obstruction might be within a State,
and yet it might be of injury to a State oppo-
site to that State as well as to the State in
which the obstruction or nuisance happened
to bo located.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then they can cross the
river and commence suit in the other court, I
submit to the honorable Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to detain
the Senate arguing it. I may be wrong, but I
am very clear about the effect and value of the
language inserted upon my suggestion awhile
ago by the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING.
tion to the Senator?
Mr. CASSERLY.
Mr. CONKLING.
May I make a sugges-
Certainly.
This language was pre-
pared originally for all these bills in the en-
gineer department, and there crept in there an
inaccuracy of phrase which has been adopted
in all of them. It may not be very import-
ant 
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator's par-
don, The language the engineer department
have used is simply the language used by both
Houses of Congress for years and years with a
slight modification.
Sir. CONKLING. I do not want to put
my recollection and knowledge against that
ot the Senator. I repeat my statement, for
these bills are very familiar to the Committee
on Commerce. I say that the original projet
of a bill which appears in an executive docu-
ment published a long time ago has this erro-
neous phraseology: " in which the same or any
part thereof touches." They intended to say
one of two things: they either intended to
say "the State which it touches," or they
intended to say " the State in which the same
may be" or " may exist."
It was the same' accidental error, and in
transferring that clause to these bills that error
has been carried into them, as the files of the
Committee on Commerce abundantly show.
Therefore the other day in reporting a general
bill from the Committee on Commerce we
changed this. We thought we ought either to
strike oat the word "in," so that the sense
would not be destroyed, or to interpose some
word which would conform to the word "in."
And no^I ask the Senator from California to
give me his attention one moment, because he
has not made the whole alteration we made
the other day. The alteration we made the
other day was that which he has proposed
now,and also to strike out'ihe word " touches"
and substitute the words " may be," because
the Senator will see that it reads now " may
be tried before the district court of the Uni-
ted States of either State in or opposite to which
any portion of said obstruction or bridge
Certainly ; that is quite
touches"
Mr. CASSERLY.
correct.
Mr. CONKLING. "In which it touches "
is not the phraseology the Senator from Min-
nesota wants, and therefore I say to him that
the suggestion made first by the Committee on
Commerce, and made by me the other day, was
not in hostility to the bill at all, but simply to
make the meaning which was intended here
unmistakable and at the same time to make
the language grammatical.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this amendment will be incorporated
in the bill, and it is incorporated in the bill.
If there is no objection, the two new sections
proposed by the committee will be regarded
as agreed to. The Chair hears no objection,
and they are agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
TINSLEY, YAN HORN AND CO., AND OTHERS.
Mr. SCHURZ. I should like to have a bill
taken up that I think will pass without debate.
It is House bill No. 847, reported by the
Finauce Committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I give notice that at the ex-
piration of the morning business I shall call
up the bill to which I before referred.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Ia there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Mis-
souri?
The bill (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of
Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall &
Clark, and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louis-
iana, Missouri, was read. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
investigate the claims of Tinsley, Van Horn
& Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark, and James
N. Henderson & Co., tobacconists of the city
of Louisiana, Missouri, for the abatement and
remission of certain taxes assessed against
them for the months of October and Novem-
ber, 1867, and to abate and remit in whole or
in part, as he may think just, the taxes so
assessed against these firms upon their prop-
erty destroyed by fire on the 15th day of
November, 1867.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to the bill, to insert at the end
thereof the following proviso :
Provided, Thatno abatement or remission of taxes,
as aforesaid, shall be made or allowed, except lor
taxes which actually accrued upon tobacco destroyed
by said fire, and which remain due and uncollected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. To what fire does this
remission relate?
Mr. SCHURZ. It relates to a fire which
occurred in the year 1867, and which destroyed
several tobacco manufactories there. The
claim was investigated in the House, and was
investigated here by the respective committees,
and was reported by both committees, this
amendment being proposed by the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. As I have not the bill,
I ask to hear the first part read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Missouri and the attention
of the Senate to the peculiar characteristic of
this bill. It is not original; bills like it we
have had here before. But ordinarily when a
man claims the remission of duties or taxes
on the ground that the goods have been de-
stroyed and have not entered into consump-
tion, he comes before the two Houses and pre-
sents proof of the fact that his goods were de-
stroyed to a certain amount, that they did not
enter into consumption, and Congress passes
an act remitting the duly or the tax. But
in another class of cases (in which this falls)
the claimant comes before Congress with a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
take proof of the facts if in his judgment he
sees fit to remit the duties, any part or the
whole, upon which the claim is made to do so.
That is simply transferring the jurisdiction
from Congress nominally to the Secretary of
the Treasury, actually to a clerk in the Treas-
ury Department. If the Seriate thinks that is
the sate course, it should be pursued in all
eases, because a clerk can do it in less time,
with less expenditure of effort than we can.
My own judgment is that it is not entirely
safe.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would say that there were
submitted to the Committee on Finance, to-
gether with this bill, a number of documents
intended to prove the fact of the fire and the
destruction of the articles. If the Senator
desires, those documents which are now in
the hands of the Secretary of the Setjate may
be read for the information of the body. They
present such proof as could be- afforded.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill ought to go over
if there is to be debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Whether it is to go over
or not 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning busi-
ness is not concluded. This bill was taken
up subject to objection, and will therefore be
returned to the Calendar, debate arising on it.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to call up Senate
bill No. 695, and I will give way for morning
business. I will state the reason for it. It is
a matter pertaining to elections in our State,
and our State election comes off on the first
Monday of June. The bill has been reported
by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope the Sen-
ator from Oregon will give way and let us
dispose of the tea and coffee question.
Mr. SCOTT. I feel bound to object to the
request of the Senator from Oregon, for the
purpose of getting the sense of the Senate on
the bill to which 1 have referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made
to the request of the Senator from Oregon.
The introduction of bills is now in order.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S.
No. 1008) relating to the rank of officers in
the Army ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I introduce this bill, hav-
ing been requested to do so, and I submit with
it a printed statement in the form of a memo-
rial. I move that the bill be printed, and with
the memorial referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER, I ask leave to intro*
