752
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CCXLV.—An Act conferring upon the
Court of Claims power to hear and determ-
ine the Claim of J. W. Parish and Company
for Damages for the alleged violation of
their Contract with the United States for
the delivery of Ice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That authority is hereby
given to J. W.Parish and Company to commence
a suit against the United States in the Court
of Claims for the recovery of such damages as
shall appear to have been sustained by them
by reason of the alleged violation by agents of
the United States of the contract entered into
on the fifth day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, by and between Henry John-
son, medical storekeeper United States Army,
and acting medical purveyor, and the said J.
W. Parish and Company, for the delivery by said
firm of the whole amount of ice required to be
consumed at Nashville, Saint Louis, Cairo, and
Memphis during the remainder of that year;
and said court is hereby invested with full
power and authority to hear and determine the
validity of said claim, and the amount, if any,
of the damages of said J. W. Parish and Com-
pany, resulting solely from the violation of the
contract, iu the refusal of the Government to
reeeive the entire thirty thousand tons named
in said contract.
Approved, May 81, 1872.
Chap. CCXLVI.—An Act for the Relief of
John Potts, Chief Clerk of the War Depart-
ment.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two
thousand dollars be paid to John Potts, chief
clerk of the War Department, for services as
disbursing clerk, at the rate of two hundred
dollars per annum, from the fifteenth of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, out of
any money iu the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated : Provided, That it shall be lawful
hereafter to pay for such services, at such rate,
whether such clerk shall have been appointed
from class four, or from a higher grade, any
existing law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCLIII.—An Act to prescribe the Time
for holding the Election for .Electors of
President and Vice President in the State
of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ameiica in
Congress assembled, Thatin the State of Louis
iana the election of Representatives to the
Forty-Third Congress, and the appointment
of electors of President and Vice President
for said State, shall be on the first Monday of
November, in the year eighteen hundred and
sevenly-two; but thereafter such elections and
appointment shall be on the day designated by
law for the other States.
Approved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLIV.—An Act to provide for the
Issue of Bonds in lieu of destroyed or de-
faced Bonds of the United Stales.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Staffs of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever it shall
appear to the Secretary of the Treasury, by
clear and unequivocal proof, that any interest-
beating bond of the United States has, with-
out bad faith upon the part, of the owner, been
destroyed, wholly or iu part, or so defaced as
to impair its value to the hoide , and which
bond shall be identified by number and de-
scription, the Secretary of the Treasuiy shall,
under such regulations and with such restric-
tions as to time and retention for security or
otherwise as he may prescribe, issue a dupli-
cate of such bond, having the same time to
run, bearing like interest as the bond so proved
to have been destroyed or defaced, and so
marked as to show the original number of the
bond destroyed and the date thereof: Pro-
vided, That where such destroyed or defaced
bonds shall appear to have been of such a class
or series as has been or may, before such
application, be called in for redemption, in-
stead of issuing duplicates thereof they shall
be paid, with such interest only as would have
been paid if presented in accordance with such
call.
Sec. 2. That the owner of such destroyed
or defaced bond shall surrender the same, or
so much thereof as may remain, and shall file
in the Treasury a bond in a penal sum double
the amount of said destroyed or defaced bond,
and the interest which would accrue thereon
until the principal thereof is due and payable,
with two good and sufficient sureties, residents
of the United States, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, with condition to
indemnify and save harmless the United States
from any claim upon the said destroyed or
defaced bond.
Aft-roved, June 1, 1872.
Chap. CCLV.—An Act to further the Admin-
istration of Justice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever, in any
suit or proceeding; in a circuit court of the
United States, being held by a justice of the
Supreme Court and the circuit judge or a dis-
trict judge, or by the circuit judge and a dis-
trict judge, there shall occur any difference of
opinion between the judges as to any matter
or thing to be decided, ruled, or ordered by
the court, the opinion of the presiding justice
or the presiding judge shall prevail, and be
considered the opinion of thecourtforthe time
being; but when a final judgment, decree, or
order in such suit or proceeding shall be en-
tered, if said judges shall certify, as it shall be
their duty to do if such be the fact, that they
differed in opinion as to any question which,
under the act of Congress of April twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and two, might have
been reviewed by the Supreme Court on cer-
tificate of difference of opinion, then either
party may remove said final judgment, decree,
or order to the Supreme Court, on writ of error
or appeal, according to the nature of the case,
and subject to the provisions of law applicable
to other writs of error or appeals in regard to
bail and supersedeas.
Sec. 2. That no judgment, decree, or order
of a circuit or district court of the United
States, in any civil action at law or in equity,
rendered after this act shall take effect, shall
be reviewed by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, on writ of error or appeal, unless
the writ of error be sued out, or the appeal be
taken, within two years after the entry of such
judgment, decree, or order; and no judgment,
decree, or order of a district court, rendered
after this actshall take effect shall be reviewed
by a circuit court of the United States upon
like process or appeal, unless the process be
sued out, or the appeal be taken', within one
year after the entry ot the judgment, decree,
or order sought to be reviewed: Provided,
That where a party entitled to prosecute a writ
of error or to take an appeal is an infant, or non
compos mentis, or imprisoned, such writ of
error may be proseeuted. or such appeal may
be taken, within the periods above designated
after the entry of the judgment, decree, or
order, exclusive of the term of such disability.
The appellate court may affirm, mod;fy, or re-
verse the judgment, decree, or order brought
before it for review, or may direct such judg-
ment, decree, or order to be rendered, or such
further proceedings to be had by the inferior
court as the justice of the case may require.
Sec. 3. That the Supreme Court may at any
time in its discretion, and upon such terms as
it may deem just, and where the defect has not
injured and the amendment will not prejudice
the defendant in error, allow an amendment
of a writ of error, when there is a mistake in
the teste of the writ, or a seal to the writ is
wanting, or when the writ is made returnable
on a day other than the day of the commence-
ment of the term next ensuing the issue of
the writ, or when the statement of the title
of the action or parties thereto in the writ is
defective, if the defect can be remedied by ref-
erence to the accompanying record, and in all
other particulars of form where the defect has
not prejudiced, and the amendment will not
injure, the defendant in error ; and the circuit
and district courts of the United States shall
possess the like power of amendment of all
process returnable to or before them.
Sec. 4. That a bill of exceptions hereafter
allowed in any cause shall be deemed suffi-
ciently authenticated if signed by the judge
of the court in which the cause was tried, or
by the presiding judge thereof, if more than
one judge sat on the trial of the cause, with-
out any seal of court or judge being annexed
thereto ; and all process issued from the courts
of the United States shall bear teste from the
day of such issue.
Sec. 6. That the practice, jjleadings, and
forms and modes of proceeding in other than
equity and admiralty pauses in the circuit and
district courts of the United States shall con-
form, as near as may be, to the practice,
pleadings, and forms and modes of proceed-
ing existing at the time in like causes in the
courts of record of the State within which
such circuit or district courts are held, any
rule of court to the contrary notwithstanding:
Provided, however, That nothing herein con-
tained shall alter the rules of evidence under
the laws of the United States, and as prac-
ticed in the courts thereof.
Sec. 6. That in common-law causes in the
circuit and district courts of the United States
the plaintiff shall be entitled to similar reme-
dies, by attachment or other process against
the property of the defendant, which are now
provided for by the laws of the State in which
such court is held, applicable to the courts of
such State; and such circuit or district courts
may, from time to time, by general rules,
adopt such State laws as may be in force in the
State in relation to attachments and other pro-
cess ; and the party recovering judgment in
such cause shall be entitled to similar remedies
upon the same, by execution or otherwise, to
reach the property of the judgment debtor, as
are now provided by the laws of the State
within which said circuit or district courts
shail be held in like causes, or which shall be
adopted by rules as aforesaid : Provided, That
similar preliminary affidavits or proofs, and
similar security as required by such laws, shail
he first furnished by the party seeking such
attachment or other remedy.
Sec. 7. That whenever notice is given of a
motion for an injunction out of a circuit or
district court of the United States, the courr,
or judge thereof may, if there appear to be
danger of irreparable injury from delay, grant
an order restraining the act sought to be en-
joined until the decision upon the moii-in.
Such order may be granted with or without
security, in the discretion of the couit or
judge: Provided, That no justice of the
Supreme Court shall hear or allow any appli-
cation for an injunction or restraining ord< r,
except within the circuit to which he is
allotted, and in causes pending in the cirunt
to which he is allotted, or in such causes at
