1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4389
merit of the expenses incurred in the execu-
tion of the enforcement act and all acts amend-
atory of and supplementary thereto. I pre-
sume, after what the Senator from New Jersey
has said, that he and I do not agree; but it
seems to me that this amendment does relate
to the supplementary act, does relate to the
very subject-matter for which the $3,000,000
is appropriated. But suppose the Senator
and I cannot agree on that question, what is
to be done ?' When I came into the Cham-
ber last night he was addressing the Senate
■warmly 
Mr. STOCKTON. Gently.
Mr. SHERMAN. Warmly and gently. I
have no doubt he feels that in some way or
other the majority have pushed him, have
trespassed on his rights, and done something
which is not exactly right. But I have stated
the disagreement between us, and I ask how is
it to be settled ? Who is to decide that? We
differ about so many other things that we can
certainly afford to differ as to a point of order
■without getting into trouble over it. The Chair,
occupied by my honorable friend from Rhode
Island, decided the amendment to be in order,
and the Senate sustained him: I do not know
by what vote, for I was not here at the time.
Then it seems the Senate were of the same
opinion as the Senator from Rhode Island,
and I am certainly of the same opinion now;
and if I had been here I should undoubtedly
have voted with the majority. Because we
cannot agree on a point of order is that a
reason why we should weary ourselves out
here in the last hours of the session by an all
night sitting to our own great physical weari-
ness? Is this to be the result because we can-
not agree on a point of order on the question
■whether a particular amendment is in order ?
I say, therefore, this is the most frivolous
cause for a night session that I have ever seen
in my experience here. I have sometimes
seen minorities fighting, especially in the other
House, and I have led minorities there myself
and remained in session all night, and I re-
member once when the House remained in
session thirty-six hours consecutively ; but it
was when a great principle was at stake, a
principle that exited and agitated the whole
country. So here in the Senate I have seen
the minority, since the Republicans have been
in the majority, standing battling all night in
defense of what they regarded as a principle,
and I never said a word, 1 never complained
of fatigue. But I do say now that this is too
frivolous a matter for us to stay here all night
upon.
Whether this amendment was in order or
not, was a question which the Senate ought
to decide and ought to vote upon ; and we
have passed upon this other proposition and
sent it to the House of Representatives in a
separate bill. If the majority here, in accord-
ance with their construction of the rule, choose
to put it on an appropriation bill, it seems to
me it is not one of those things with which
the minority have a right to find fault. That
is the way it strikes me. Perhaps I stated my
conclusion a little strongly when I said before
that I anticipated being taken out by piece-
meal. That can only be done by the operation
of nature which I think would waste us all in
about three days. Men who have arrived at
middle life or beyond cauuot stand this kind
of exhaustion more than two or three days,
and they do not stand it very well. We are
all human. None of us can stand this kind
of physical exhaustion very long.
All would much prefer that we should now
go to work, pass this bill without any more
disputed amendments if possible, and then ad-
journ over until almost any time, because
there is nothing for us to do after the House
shall have concurred in our action or asked
for a conference but await the report of the
conference committee. Then it seems to ine
our labors are done. Certainly we wasted last
night in a profitless and wearisome dispute,
without even the minority allowing us ten or
fifteen minutes rest, for we could hardly stretch
ourselves and change our position but the yeas
and nays would be called, so that we were
compelled to get up and come in here and
vote. I think that it is not exactly fair. I
think they ought to have allowed us an hour
at least at a time. I think on the whole we
spent the time profitlessly, and I think it due
to the majority that they should have an op-
portunity now of voting on this amendment,
and closing the bill, and adjourning.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will say one thing for
the Senator from Ohio, that I have never sat
up at a night session before where there has
been so little unkindness and so few unpleas-
antremarksand so little that is tobe regretted.
Mr. CONKLING, (in his seat.) Ana so
little of anything else.
Mr. STOCKTON. _ The Senator from New
York says, "and so little of anything else." I
answer him frankly ; at this time of the morn-
ing I am capable of answering anybody in the
whole Senate I say to him that this is the time
of the morning when I am usually up and ready
to go to work. [Laughter. ] I will say to the
Senator, however, seriously, that so far as the
minority in this body is concerned—I know
I have no right to speak for them, and I do
not speak for anybody but myself—in my hum-
ble judgment the action we have had has been
caused by a violation of an express rule made
by the Senate themselves. I called the atten-
tion of the Senate early last night to the rule,
and I said that it was being so applied that
those who said "open sesame" on one side
when they wanted to get in got in, and to those
who said " open sesame " on the other side
the talisman failed. I said that early in the
night, and I am sorry to have to repeat it now.
My honest belief is that this thing was done
as a political movement, in violation of the
express understanding of the Senate, and in
violation of the rules that the majority them-
selves had put upon us; but in addition to
that a Senator on this floor, during this night,
and one who had a considerable share in the
charge of this bill, stated to me that there was
an understanding that certain Senators had
gone home and gone to bed and were to be
spared, while a majority was left to wear out
the minority in this night's debate. That has
been done over and over again since I have
been here. We of the minority are very few in
numbers, and if there is a long night session
we are all here, every one of us. We can-
not go home and go to bed and come back
with clean shirt collars in the morning, or
be dressing ourselves when the Sergeant-at-
Arms comes to call us to vote. We have to
stay here the whole night. I allude to this
because the Senator from Ohio has spoken
about his health and about wearing out life.
Why, sir, it was only yesterday that the Sen-
ator from New York spoke of the atmosphere
of this den, of this iron box, as he called it, in
which we were all being killed. Does the
Senator from New York remember who kept
us here in one day twenty-three hours out of
the twenty-four? Does the SenatorfromNew
York remember who kept us here day after
day and night after night? Was it not the
majority? Can the minority keep the major-
ity here? No, sir ; they cannot do it; they
neither have the power of lungs, nor the power
of muscle, nor the power of numbers to do
it. We simply stand here, and all we ask is
the one thing we have ever asked since I have
been here. I have never known a member of
the minority to talk against time. I certainly
have not done so myself, and there is not a
Senator on this floor who will rise and say he
ever heard me talk against time. No, sir; the
blame attributed to me by my brother Sena-
tors and by the country and by my own con-
stituents is not that I occupy the time of the
Senate, but that I make no speeches; and when
the charge is made that we are occupying time
purposely and delaying matters and keeping
up the majority at night sessions, I deem itmy
duty to repel the statement. It is not true in
fact.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. STOCKTON.. Anything at this time
of day.
Mr. CONKLING. This is the time of day
when I ask the Senator to yield.
Mr. STOCKTON. Will the Senator permit
me to say to him before he begins that I wish
him a happy good morning ? [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I will, and I believe the
Senator does.
Mr. STOCKTON. Has he not some gentle
thing to say in reply?
Mr. CONKLING.. I am going to say it;
that is what I got up for. My honorable friend
thinks that a minority do not and cannot keep
a majority here all night. Presently I shall
say something pleasant; I hope this will not
be unpleasant. I wish to remind my friend
that the other day we had an agreement, as
we supposed, which grew out of the absence
of a Democratic Senator, who was said to be
ill, by which we were to take a vote on a cer-
tain day. My friend will remember that. Was
it the majority who insisted after midnight
that by Wednesday we meant the parliament-
ary day which did not end until twelve o'clock
at noon the next day? Was it the majority
who insisted that debate should go on until
four or five o'clock in the morning, or was it
somebody else? My honorable friend cannot
have forgotten how this was. He cannot have
forgotten that I was the object of considerable
warmth, coming from one of his friends on the
floor, because I appealed to my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] at four o'clock in the
morning, stating that four hours had elapsed
since the end of that day on which by unani-
mous consent we were to have the vote. Great
indignation was felt that we should even under-
stand on our side that Wednesday meant
Wednesday, as known to the clock and the
calendar, and it was vehemently asserted
that Wednesday meant, all the time that might
elapse, I think some Senator said it might be
three weeks, until the Senate adjourned, be-
cause the Journal when made up would show
that it was all that day, no matter how many
days the Senate might actually sit. My friend
whom I am addressing, referred me to a case,
and I believe it was on that occasion, that I
sat myself twenty-seven hours in this iron box
as the Senator and I both truly call it. The
majority is charged for better or for worse
with the responsibility of legislation. I know
how very clear my friend will make that on
the stump in the canvass.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator will excuse
me; I will make it clear here. What I do not
say in the Senate I will not say on the stump.
Mr. CONKLING. But it is very likely that
my friend might not spend time to prove it
here ; but he will take care in this canvass to
let everybody know, he will make it too trans-
parent to be doubted that it was the Repub-
lican party charged with the administration of
the Government which is responsible for what
is done here. That is what he will say to his
constituents.
Mr. STOCKTON. My constituents are too
intelligent to need any information from me in
order to form that impression.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President,
that imputes to the Senator's constituents a
very high degree of intelligence, and they may
still receive a great deal of enlightenment from
the Senator.
But, sir, I rose to remind the Senator from
New Jersey of what happened on one of the
nights to which he has referred. It is quite
true that a majority of.the Senate have power
and numbers to run away from their duties. It
is also true, as I was in the act of saying, that
upon that majority rests the responsibility of
transacting the public business and completing
the legislation of the session. When, therefore,
