1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3493
I am sorry that I have said a word. I did
not intend to say a word tki$ morning, and X
- only rose now because I was afraid my good
friend from Maryland did not entirely under-
, stand the case., Maryland was the Erst State
in tbis union that began a system of railroads.
Shehas prospered by it beyond all other States,
The city of. Baltimore grew eighty years ago
: with greater, rapidity than any other city in the
United States at that time, and that was be-
cause,she w.as. nearest to the valley of the Mis-
sissippi.',, J^o man then dreamed of'railroads,
for at that time, all the iron which went West,
all the salt which went West, and all the whisky
that -ct^n^e, J3<ist, (for that was about all they
brapght Ea?tthen,)came on pack-horses, and
that made Baltimore prosperous. Now, since
her railroad system began about forty years
ago, she has grown, with the . exception of'
.Chicago and Philadelphia, with a rapidity that
there is nothing' in t|ie country to equal.
What I oljjepted to was that,generally the
gentlemen in the 'legislature of Maryland'
thought only of Baltimore and that part of
Maryland west of Baltimore, The district of
Maryland below u$ was neglected, though rich
in soil, for it is the' richest soil, "except the val-
ley where my friend £%". Hamilton] resides,
in the whoteState of Maryland. ' It is fiill of
marl and oyster shells, and abounds in,oys-
ters and fish, being thje richest portion of this
country' except the little" peninsula between
Maryland and, Delaware. That was ruled out
entirely; it had no communication; but twenty
years ago it got a boon' from the Legislature
of Maryland, a charter to make a railroad, if
it could, from Baltimore to Aquia creek, and
beyond as far' as it could go. That charter
lay .there for mope than a dozen years. Not a.
dollar was subscribed by the State of Mary-
laud j .not a dollar by any citizen of Maryland
to make that , road. After awhile some gen-
tlemen findii)g that the troops of the United,
States could not be brought across the exist-
ing railroad from Baltimore looked to another
route to this city, and they induced those con-
trolling it to let them have the charter to make
the road to Aquia creek. They have either
made it or are making it to Aquia creek, and
this morning it surprised me that so intelligent
a man as the Senator from Vermont said it
Was a boon given to them to allow them to have
Steamboat navigation to connect with it. That
steamboat provision was only to enable them
to get across the Potomac at Aquia creek,
where it is so wide that you cannot make a
bridge.
Now, this railroad company is here, having,
spent millions of dollars, and asking only from
us this little boon of being allowed to come in
here within three or four hundred feet of
Pennsylvania avenue, and to occupy this
ground. We are told that in allowing this we
are desecrating this park. What an idea 1
Why, sir, by the bill they are compelled to
give up a piece of land which you gave them a
year ago by an act which the Senator from
Maryland voted for, and I voted for, on condi-
tion that you allow them to come up here and
make their depot here. Theu they have bought
a piece of land south of the canal for sc freight
depot.
I think if I could sit down for a day or two
to prepare an oration about parks I could,
with the aid of some of my friends, get one up;
but I am utilitarian. I believe it is better for
a man to have a house and a little garden iu
front of it than to have a grand park in his
neighborhood. I think the first thing in this
world is to live within our means, and the
next is to get bread enough to live upon, and
after that to branch out.
Now, after this railroad shall have been
established here, I am sure everybody will see
■what 1 see now, that the greatest boon which
can be conferred upon this District was to
enable this railroad to come in here and bring
the blessings which it brings to all.
I have no more to say.
Mr. DAVIS, of Weat Virginia, T beg par-
don of my friend from Maryland. I should
not rise now, but that my friend from- Penn-
sylvania referred to the intelligence of some
9* lis.> / think he said the Senator from West
Virginia; and he coupled with that a state-
ment that all the roads coming to Washington
belonged or would belong to two companies.
J. hat w^s news to me. I am not educated up
tq that point yet, that all the railroads coming
in here belong to two companies. We vote?
the other day to allow a subscription of $600,-
000 to the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad
Company. , I did not know that the Baltimore
and Ohio or the Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany had anything to do with that road.. Tnat
is news to me. Tkere is- a road contemplated
to Point Lookout. I did not know that either
of these companies had anything to do. with
that. There is a road coming in called the
National, leading up toward Frederick,a road
expected to b.e built; the,chaster for it is now
lying ,on our table. I did not know that the,
Pennsylvania Railroad Company had anything
to do with it. I think my , friend from Penn-
sylvania, if he will count up, will find more
railroads looking here now that neither of the
two great companies referred to have anything
to do with than of those that tliey control.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I yielded,
the floor at the request of the honorable Sen-,
ator from Pennsylvania, whose remarks were
more extended than I supposed they would
be. However, I was not disposed to interrupt
him, and I yield thefloor with pleasure to him
at any time when he desires to express his
views.
Mr. CAMERON. For which I am much
obliged to the Senator.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, my honorable friend, the Senalor from
Pennsylvania is willing to vote for all or any
railroads that may be required by the city, and
that may want to pass through this park. The
difference between the honorable Senator and,
myself is this: I am opposed to any road
going there. I aui opposed to the Baltimore
and Ohio, the Baltimore and Potoiuac, the
Metropolitan, the Point Lookout, the Pied-
mont, the Harrisburg and Washington—I am
opposed to any of them having their depots
within this park or crossing it at all. I would
resist with as much earnestness the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad undertaking to do it as I
now resist the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
in doing it. I know it may be said I am nat-
urally, from location, friendly to the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, it being a Maryland work.
Sir, I would stand here and resist to the bitter
end of time the effort of that railroad to make
a depot in this public park, or any other rail-
road company. .But I have said that if you
allow this railroad company to go there, and
thus to that extent impair the park, I shall
consider myself released from all obligations
to resist the establishment of any other depot
in it. On the contrary, if the Senate deliber-
ately determine to yield up this reservation to
these objects, I shall feel obliged to take that
as binding upon me to do equal justice to other
railroad companies and allow them the same
privileges.
I am not the special friend of any railroad;
I am the friend of all; but all require to be
watched. They are continually encroaching
upon the people and the rights of the peo-
ple. They will take when they can, and they
will keep what they get. Therefore, while I
am friendly to all and am willing to give to all
what they should properly enjoy,_ I am for
guarding the people and the public property
against their designs and assaulis upon either.
But, sir, allow me one word of explanation
right here. The Senate will bear me witness
that I have not been all this while engaged in
debating this subject. I have been very much
interrupted since J took the floor this evening,
and I do not wish Senators who have come
into the Chamber since the recess to suppose
that I have occupied all the time since half
past Seven o'elock in debating this subject,
for I am not quite through with it yet.
I was speaking about the indispensable use
Of these grounds, for if you give them to this
railroad company, you must give them freely
and fairly, to be, used by them. When you
once give them the power.to use these grounds,
they must have the incidents of that power,
ana you are not hereafter in any wise to con-
trol, them ia the fair and, reasonable use of
that power. If you allow them a depot there,
you must allow tjiem the use that,such an en-
joyment is entitled to—the right to go there
with cara, th<? right to remain there and change
cars, and in fact to have all the privileges that
faust necessarily relate to the enjoyment of
Strch a right.
If this bill should go over until to-morrow,
if Senators desire to know what will occur in
this park, I ask them to take a walk down to
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad depot, and
see what they will behold there) and see what
sort of art establishment you will hu.ve right
here iu the canter of the pnblio grounds. You
will have cars standing there. They must
necessarily stand there. They must wait for
passengers. They must supply defective trains.
They must have the right lo supply deficient
trains, to accommodate the public, some few,
Some more, as the travel happ«nsto be greater
or less, upon each recurring day. 1 ask Sen-
ators to look at the condition of things at that
depot, and then come back and consider the
use of the public grounds iu the same way, the
number of cars that will be used there in the
course of twenty, thirty, or forty years.
My houorable friend, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, says he is a utilitarian. He is
evidently utilitarian, for if he understands the
character of this great reservation, and if he
will just look down the tide of time for twenty
years, and see what improvements can be
made upon these grounds, devoted to the pur-
poses for which they were originally designed,
lie can see the danger that must necessarily
daily and hourly occur by having trains mov-
iug over them. If this is to be a public park,
if it is to be used as such, if right in the ceu-
terof the city here is to be a park to which
the people are to go for pleasure, amusement,
and recreation ; if they are to send hi're their
children from the dusty streets of Washing-
ton, a place open to every one, you will see
at once what alarm must necessarily rest in
the minds of the people who so send their
families there. You go there for enjoyment
with your team; you go there to walk ; you
go there with your wife and children, or they
may desire to drive themselves, and when you
know the fact that there are hourly moving
trains over those grounds, you must necessa-
rily feel uncertain about their condition dur-
ing their absence. It is an unfit place for
them to be, and so far as the appropriation of
these grounds for a paik is concerned, with
such a building in it and devoted to such pur-
poses, I assert again they are entirely ruined.
Sir, how much worse will it be if you have
four railroads in it? But one is enough. One
destroys and disturbs the whole system, and
the whole idea tumbles down. One is enough
to accomplish the destruction of the park.
Now, sir, while thus commenting upon the
injury done to these grounds as a matter of
fact, allow me to call your attention to the char-
acter of the proposition itself. What is the
proposition? It is to confirm the action of
certain members of the city council of Wash-
ington who, in the expiring moments of that
council, gave to this company eight hundred
and fifty feet by one hundred and fifty feet of
the public lauds and the public grounds of
the United States. Is not this extraordinary 1
When you consider that a railroad company
is making the demand, and that a dying coun-
cil yields to that demand, is there not modesty
iu this demand? I know the gentlemen who
are pressing this measure. You may say they
