3494
THE COKGffiESBrONiAl/ GLOBE.
May >16,
are high-toned, honorable, just, intelligent gen-
tlemen ; but, sir, it is somewhat astett'isliing
that gentlemen holding their position in so-
ciety, haying their means and their power,
their personal and other influence, should
come into this decrepit city, governed in the
worst possible manner, and undertake to take
advantage of the people of this' city, and take
from them and from the Government' of
the United States this piece of lattd. 1 am
amazed at it; and I think if those gentlemeti
would allow their better jud^ttients' and their
better impulses to prevail now, they Would
recant the grave errors they are committing
in pressing upon the Senate a ratification of
this unseemly proceeding.
But, sir, is there anything modest Connected
with this corporation ? Their cry is " Give 1"
"Give!" like the daughter of the horseleech;
they are never satisfied with the common appli-
ances and the common occurrences of eVerjf-day
life. Talk about compensation from railroad
companies to the Government ! They do some*'
times give compensation to individuals; but
it is because the law of the land makes them
do so; but when they come to deal with boidy*
politics and with communities, instead of giv-
ing compensation they expect to receive
donations. The history of this demand for A
portion of this park is but a repetition of the
history of railroad corporations in this land
and their continued demands upon the public,
and is in keeping with the legislation of Con-
gress for the last fifteen years.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumneii] referred to Rome to-day, and
my honorable friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Stockton] took up the idea, and he referred
to Rome. I will not refer to Rome, except
to recall what an eminent citizen of Rome
once said. My honorable friend from New
Jersey, in his familiarity with Roman history,
has heard of Cato. He was not only a distin-
guished character, but he was a singular1 and
eccentric character. It is said that' he waa
distinguished for his stern honesty, his itteor-
ruptibrlity, and his iron purposes. There is
only one thing about Cato tliat I never did
admire much, and that was his daily demand
for the destruction of the great city of Car-
thage. But, sir, he once uttered a sentiment
in the senate of Rome the application of which
this night's proceedings here justifies. He
said: "He who steals from a burgess ends
his days in chains and fetters; but he who
steals from the community ends them in gold
and purple." And so we rfee it here. This
night is the application of that sentiment made
perfect. He who can steal from the commun-
ity ends his days in gold and purple. Old
Cato was right. My honorable friend from
New Jersey read an extract from an author
on modern Rome, and he said in the course
of the discussion that he stood in impeiial
Rome upon the topmost heights of St. Peter's
and there beheld a steam-engine winding its
way along the Tiber 
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senator will per-
mit me, when I was on the top of those heights
I was not half so high as he is now. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I thank
the honorable Senator for that. I know he
was not. Sir, if he stood upon the topmost
heights of the cathedral of Kome to-night be
would not be yielding to the power that is
now carrying this monstrous measure through
the Senate Chamber.
Mr. STOCKTON. Do you mean the Bal-
timore and Ohio road? You said that was an
institution of Maryland a moment ago.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Bal-
timore and Ohio road has committed, no doubt,
wrongs and errors, and it is but a corporation
like others, and without a soul to be s'aved'.
Mr. STOCKTON. Are you pitching into
that?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am not
pitching into that, nor into any other railroad
company jbutlamfbr Wat'ehisgtilfj arid stand-
ing at the door as:'C&to st6od whefi lie Said
that 'those1 who' stole from the .community
were clothed itt ^urple'ftnd'in gold?-"
Blltf sir,' myh<5rt*fti*able friend has withdrawn'
me frotn theline Of!my remarks. '
" Mr. STOCKTON'. "If ,tbe_ Senator will
dress himself to' the Ohafr I shall  6t withdraw
him from the'litis of iis- remarks ; but when
he tnrns 'arotlnd m his place and' makes' his
speech ti me; I feel' obliged to reply 'to him.
[Laughter1.'] '' ' ' !' 1 ' ' ' '
' Mi-HAMILTON, Of Mirfykttl " My hon-
orable friend Will understand -t&at I do 'hot
obje<?t to it. '<! '' :
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (MjvSco-M
in the ehair.) Both Senators will Gb&efve jtlre
fole and address the Chair. ' ' "!'.i
M"r. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I trai ai^
dressing myself to you/ Mf. President; but iff
commenting upoti ■ the remS.rks Of ini- honor-
able friend Trom'-New Jersey,;! am obliged to
took * little around. ^tWant'tb.seqhiy hcftdr-
4ble friend. [Laughter!] '•> 'i '
Mri STOCKTON. You are hot tiieortly one:
wh<J likes to see me.' [Laughter.] '' -
Mf. HAMILTON, Of Maryland.; 1 know
that, beeanse it ^givsSS pleasareto us ill 16 .see
his bright and.geiiial face and happy mattriet,
and I am sate hly friend Will not dbject any
more to my looking at hi ta in the coarse or
myttmatke. [Laughter.] '
He read' this Afternoon from Hillard to
show the condition of Rome. Hillard is a
happy author, and he writes' well and truly
about the present conditibn of that great city
which once ruled the worldvand is the wonder
of it even now. But, sir, if the steam-engine
does not.do more for Washington than it has
done fot kome it Would be out of place here
as it has been there. [Laughter.]
Biit, sir, thei'e was a day when the Campus
Martins and the Campuk Flaminius did mani-
fest the power of old Rome, when those two
great camps were there for the people, when
the Campus Martius was dedicated by that
people to the enjoyment of the people. So
this park was intended to be dedicated in the
day when the little creek here—I do not know
its name then—was given the name of Tiber.
Oar ancestors knew there was a Tiber at
Rome.
Mr. CONKLING. Goose creek. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. "I re-
member Goose creek ortce, but Tiber now."
[Laughter.] George Washington had heard
of Rome and of the Tiber,, and George Wash-
ington, ir* laying out the capital, laid out'this
great reservation here right kt the foot of the
Capftoline hill. I call.it the Capitoline hill
because it is1 the hill crowned by the Capitol.
So the Campus Martius is in Rome fringed by
the Tiber, formed by the Qairinal Capitoline
and the Pitictan hills. There'^Ou have it in
the low lands right along the liber; and that
is an answer to my friend, the SenaWr frotn
Nevada'. Sir, the senate of imperial Rome
received the foreign embassadors in the Cam-
pus Martins, for they were not permitted to go
further into the city. There were to be found
all that was provided for the amusement and
ernjoymeirt of the people. Originally there
Were trained the armies that marched to the
four end's of the earth. In the course of
time, and as the requirements of the people
demanded, these great camps were dedicated
to the more civilized pnrposes.
You will see, Mr. President, that they had
not the steam-engine then, when Rome marched
her legions to the conquest of the world, and
when she built her statuary and her theaters
and her camps, devoted to the amusementand
comfort of the people. But the steam-engine
is there now, and Rome does not send forth
her conquering legions. On the contrary,
almost any scalawag can now conquer Rome.
[Laughter.] It is now, true, within the sov-
ereign power of Victor Emanuel, and he may
ttold it and make sbmething 6fitifhe under-
stands the use of the means jth'at are within
hishatfds." ' i i ", 1
' Bpt; Sir, Iwas gojtag to'refer *to a history to
Show what the condition b'f atieiertt B,othe!was,
arid What pti^&Her ^ah "66'' dr^wti' b£t#£en its
condition' 'tlifeii 'ahd 'its 'ddtafliclq^jitiW: 'When
Rome' Was gt^at, and pi'Oa.d, 'ihd imperial,
lieit 'citizens' for
her public1 triASurW}': kr/d ■''eaWefcJafffy ior' hef
ptiblitf domain. Bit. 16ok'&t Hbafi&'ih fief de-
cline .and'the ruin of hei1 great b6wer, ,and let
us Sfie tile'sjmilarity that1 pife^awhtiftv arfd , is
made.mahifest'to'-nig'ht upcirt' this hill- Let us
SeW how we stand; and Roth parti qrtr condition
wth that of libmfe. I'db'iiOt iiltenffib make a
personal teflectloh tipo'tt th'6^e gemldfrieii who
?bte for, this bill'gmiig Up'the public 'dfoAiaiti.
I 'bi'bpbSe" to read frorii M6<ri$s<3ti,:s 'flistory
of Rdtte,1 Volume two; page 28<j. I think proper
to.referto'thls' \<rprk becaiisg ifrls'atfibfthotlox
4!M reliable! work, due' of,the best of tile',day.
Mr.' NYE. , A "Liberal." .woft? TLaugh-
tec 1' i '""i •' -i   v. >Lr f
':m. HAMILTON, BF'Mh'ryTakcf.", ^'liberal
Wofk'.' " Liberalism" is "befeb^fiiH^'a'^ety sig-
nificant ierrif.' It is "Hebomi'ii^'a dangerous
word. 'It Wfes' uanMiioiiS'"WorB!,'td''tSe Old
Democratic p^fty lit 1840, in '1848,' and ill
1860. ■ :   ' 1 '
Mr. "CONKLING. ■ And {t is yet." flaugh-
.teKj ' ''
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maty&nd.1' That may
be possible; But 1 know that It ti'iubles our
friends on the other side of tlie Chambef more
than it does the Democratic .party. ' It gives
to them matiy a sleepless nlght' and anxious
pillaw just about tliis'tlme. [Laughtei1. ] _Well,
sir, talking about liberalistii',' a' significant
term, I desire to ask toy honorable ffiends on
the other side of the Chamber who art Liber-
als one question. I Happened to , be reading
the Cincinnati pl'atform a short time ago^ and
I saw a plank ia,that plsltform wtjlch covers
this very case. It d'eclafes that'they afe un-
alterably opposed, to giving away hny more
public lands to railtoad^i, Here, is a political
issue at Once raised. " , ; '
Mr. CAMERON. |f the'Senator will allow
me one moment, if I did not rfiisundefstand
him, he applied nis last remarkabout railroads
to me.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 will say that I have
always been'in favor of giving public lauds to
railroads if thereby I could benefit the country
and the Government by increasing the' value
of the remaining lands,'ahd at the sante time
aiding in the construction of the roads'. Sir,
what would the State of Illinois be to-day but
for the land grants that we made.to her, and
what would "all tlie other Western States be but
for land grants? ' I am'in fav6r'of a liberal
policy toward railrd'ads. If the Sepator from
Maryland has taken a "new departure," let
him do so, but do' not let Mm depart from the
prosperity of the Country.
Mr. HAMILTON, of MaryUhd. 1 hope my
honorable friend from 'Pennsylvania will not
misunderstand me. T was hot alluding to him
at all. 1 was alluding to those gentlemen who
stand upon the Cincinnati platform.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I beg the Senator's
pardon.
Mr. HAMILTON,of Maryland. If my hon-
orable friend supposed for a moment I alluded
to him, So be it. [Laughter.] But, sir, allow
me to read this extract from this History of
Rome:
"How the State fared generally as regarded the
forming of its revenues and the contracts for sup-
plies a,ud buildings, may be inierred from the cir-
cumstance that tbe senate resolved ia 587 to desist
from the working: of the Macedonian mines that
had fallen to Borne, because the lessees of the min-
erals would either plunder the subjects or efeiesat the
exchequer, a traly naive confession of impotence,
in which the controlling board pronounced its oivn
censure. Hot only was the land-tax of the occupied
domain-land allowed tacitly to fall iuto abeyance,
as has been already mentioned, but private build-
ings in ttie capital and elsewhere were suffered to
