1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
[Our Washington Letter.]
February 22,1872.
" More Investigation Wanted.—Now that the Conk-
ling amendment to the proposed sale of arms in-
vestigation has passed the Senate, requiring an
investigation into the conduct of Senators, it will
be opportune to have an explicit statement from
Senator Trumbull regarding a contract of his with
President Johnson, by which he appears to have
violated the law ana pocketed &10,0(J0, just prior to
giving his vote to save his liberal friend trom
impeachment. , m ,
Mr. Johnson employed Mr. Trumbull as counsel
in the case of ex parte McCardle, and the State of
Georgia against George G. Meade, and others in the
Supreme Court of the United States, agreeing to pay
him a fee of §10,000 for his services in said case.
Such a contract for services was a direct violation
of the law by both the parties to the contract, the
law of April 21,1868, section two, making it a mis-
demeanor punishable by a fine of $2,000 for any
member of Congress to enter into any such contract
with any United States officer, and section five of
the same act. making it a misdemeanor for any
officer to make such a contract.
"That such a contract was made there is not a
shadow of a doubt, and the evidence of it can be
found by any committee wishing to see it. It is not
known that Mr. Trumbull rendered any positive or
valuable service m those cases before the court, but
Mr. Johnson was a liberal paymaster, and did not
hesitate on that account to pay over the money.
"It was paid as follows:
March 7,186S $1,000
April 6,1868  2,000
April 23.1&38  7,000
Total *. $10,000
"By referring to the dates it will be seen that those
payments were made during the pendency of the
impeachmenttrial, and all within about two months
of the day the vote was taken on impeachment in
the Sonate.
" The country knows how Mr. Trumbull voted to
' acquit the man who had been so liberal toward him
in the above contract.
" If tbo Senate of the United States is really desir-
ous of ferreting out official misdemeanors, I submit
that here is a good place to go to work. By the laws
above cited, the Senator was guilty of a misde-
meanor, the punishment of which is aline of S3,000 and
the voiding of the contract. It is a fine opportunity
to tmmask a hvpocritc, punish a crime, and cover
$13,000 into the Treasury.
" President Gsant unites with all other good
Republicans in a desire to see the most searching
investigations into every species of fraud and cor-
ruption, and has shown his determination to exert
all his official power to correct abuses and punish
unfaithful officers. Let the Senators who seek to
create the impression that the President is cogniz-
ant of any existing corruption, which is in his power
to correct, show as clean a record as ho is showing
and the country will b© content.
"But let not the investigation stop at any sup-
posed improper acts of the Administration. Let the
Senate purge itself at the same time ol members
who have been guilty of frauds, speculations, or
other illegal acts."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be observed,
Mr. President, that this letter is dated the
22d of February last, and the paper contain-
ing it was sent tp me some time ago. It is
not my habit to make personal explanations
or to notice newspaper articles, and during a
service of seventeen years in the Seuate I do
not remember that I ever rose for such a pur-
pose before; not that I have not during that
time been often misrepresented and some-
times most unjustly calumniated, but I have
left it to time and subsequent events to cor-
rect the publications that I knew to be false.
Malignity and falsehood may for a time mis-
lead the public; but in the long run they will
usually react upon their authors, and in the
end an intelligent public will do justice to
their public servants, in calling attention to
the statement of the article I have sent to the
desk, it is not my intention to depart from
the habit of my life in regard to newspaper
articles, and I only notice this because I am
informed, on what I believe to be reliable
authority, that its author is an officer of the
Government, who was instigated to write it
by a member of this body. Some weeks ago
the Senator from Michigan who sits behind
me [Mr. Chandler] offered the following
resolution:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Investigation
and Retrenchment be instructed to inquire whether
any United States Senator has received money un-
der color of counsel fees, or otherwise, from the
Treasury of the United States in violation of law,
and to report the result of their inquiry as early as
practicable."
I am informed that this resolution was aimed
at me, and that the information on which
the article which I have had read was written
was derived in part at least, from the Senator
from Michigan. I should like to know if my
information is correct.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will you state that
question more specifically?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been informed
that the resolution which I have just read was
aimed at me, and that the information or parts
of it upon which the article I have caused to
be read was based was derived from the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I certainly had the
Senator in my mind's eye when I offered that
resolution, having seen a bill made out by the
Senator from Illinois charging $10,000 for his
legal service in the McCardle case, if I re-
member aright; I have not a copy of it; and
$3,000 of that money was paid by Mr. Stan-
ton while he was Secretary of War, and the
other $7,000 was paid by his successor since
deceased, General Rawlins. I certainly had
the Senator in mind in offering the resolution ;
but as for any letter having been written at
my request, no such thing has been done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at your request
that the information or part of it upon which
the letter is based was derived from the Sen-
ator.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot answer that
question. I have no recollection of having
given the information. The facts are as I
stated; but whether I ever had any conversa-
tion with the correspondent, I cannot answer.
1 have no recollection of it, however.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President,
if it should turn out upon a statement of the
facts that Andrew Johnson was opposed to
the reconstruction acts, the constitutionality
of which was involved in the McCardle and
other cases, that his Attorney General, Mr.
Stanbery, refused to argue those cases before
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
that in consequence I was employed as coun-
sel on the part of the Government, not by
Andrew Johnson, but by General Grant and
Mr. Stanton; that the McCardle case and the
Georgia case, involving the gravest questions
that perhaps were ever submitted to a court,
involving the peace possibly of the country,
were argued at length in the Supreme Court,
the main argument occupying several days,
that the fees were paid by the Secretary of
War, the amount being fixed by Mr. Stanton
himself, and that the employment was in oppo-
sition to the wishes of President Johnson,
what would be thought of the malice which
could invent and publish such a statement as
I have caused to be read at the desk ? That
the Senate may know, and that the country
may know how and why 1 appeared in the
case, I will ask the Secretary to read the letter
which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, January 8,1868.
Sir: The case ex parte W. II. McCardle, appealed
from the circuit court of the southern district of
Mississippi to the Supreme Court of the United
States, it is believed may soon be called up. The
Attorney Genera! oi the United States having ex-
pressed bis intention not to appear in the case, this
Department desires to engage your professional ser-
vicesfor that object. The case is numbered three
hundred and eighty, and a transcript of the rccord,
together with a copy of tne Attorney General's let-
tor of the 31st ultimo on the subject to this Depart-
ment, is herewith inclosed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
U. S. GRANT,
Secretary of War ad interim.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, Washington.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be observed,
Mr. President, that this letter is dated on the
8th of January, 1868, and I presume it is
recollected by all that the House of Repre-
sentatives did not find articles of impeachment
against President Johnson until the latter part
of February in that year. It is a letter from
General Grant, Secretary of War ad interim 
I now ask to have read the letter of the Attor-
ney General, a copy of which General Grant
inclosed to me at the time he retained me.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Attorney General's Office,
Wakhi ngton, December SI, 1867.
Sir: I beg leave to call your attention to case
No. 380 on the calendar of the Supreme Court of
thfe United States for this term, entitled ex parte
McCardle.
It appears that McCardle was arrested by the
military authorities in Mississippi for publishing
ccrtain articles in a newspaper of which he was the
editor, alleged to be in violation of the reconstruc-
tion acts. Being in military custody, a military com-
mission was ordered to iry him. He made applica-
tion to the district court of Mississippi for a writ of
habeas corpus. The writ was granted, a return made
by the officer having him in custody, and a hearing
had, and the debision of the district judge was that
he should bo remanrled into the custody of the
military authorities. From this decision McCardle
has taken an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States. Mr. Black, who appears as counsel
for McCardle, yesterday made a motion before the
Supreme Court to have the case advanced upon the
docket in order to a speedy hearing. No action has
yet been taken by the court upon the motion.
I do not propose to appear in the case. As the
matter appertains to your Department, I will sug-
gest to you the propriety of employing counsel to
represent the parties having McCardle in custody,
so that the case may reccive proper attention beforo
the Supreme C§urt.
I have the honor to be. very respectfully,
HENRY STANBERY,
Attorney General.
To the Secretary of War ad interim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will now read a copy
of my note in reply to General Grant, Secre-
tary of War ad interim, dated on the 11th of
January, 1868 :
General U. S. Grant, Secretary of War ad interim:
Sir: Agreeably to your request, I will appear in
behalf of the United States in the case of ex parte
W. H. McCardle, now pending in the Supreme
Court, but should desire to have other counsel asso-
ciated with me, about which I will confer with you
at an early day.
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
I subsequently, after General Grant went
out ofthe office of Secretary of War ad interim,
and Mr. Stanton retook possession ofthe oliice,
addressed the following letter, dated 22d of
January, 1868, to Matt. H. Carpenter, esq.:
United States Senate Chamber,
Washington, January 2J., 1808.
My Dear Sir : I inclose you a copy of the record
in the case of ex parte McCardle pending in the
Supreme Court of the United States and set for
argument the first Monday of March, and I wish
your a&aistance in the arguineut.
X was retained on behalf of the Government by
General Grant, while Secretary of War ad interim.
Judge Hughes is also with me, and I am authorized
by General Grant and also Mr. Stanton t.o retain
you.
The appeal is taken under the act of February 5,
1867, second session Thirty-Ninth Congress, chapter
twenty-eight, and I inclineto think the court has no
jurisdiction of it. It may be advisable to enter a
motion to dismiss the appeal.
Please let me hear from you at once, and come
on as soon as your convenience will permit. If the
validity of the reconstruction acts is to be determ-
ined by the decision, it is the most important ease
evor submitted to a court.
Yours, very truly,
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
Matt. H. Carpenter, esq.
Mr. Carpenter, not then a Senator, re-
sponded to this application for his assistance,
commenced the investigation of the case, came
to Washington and spent several weeks, I do
not know but months, in this case in connec-
tion with myself.
I will also ask the Secretary to read a note
from. Mr. Stanton, Secretary of War, at a later
date, showing that I was also retained in the
Georgia case.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Washington, March 23,1868.
Mr. Carpenter informs me that a majority of the
Supreme Court this morning assigned next Friday
for hearing the Georgia injunction case. Please see
Mr. Carpenter without delay.
EDWIN M. STANTON.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, United States Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These papers show con-
