2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
simply to repeal the duty on tea and coffee
cannot pass this body without discussion and
without.au effort at least to repeal the duties
upon other articles such as salt and coal, in
reference to which bills have passed the House
of Representatives which I suppose are on th'e
Calendar or in committee.
For that reason it seems to me it would be
a waste of time to attempt to go on with the
bill at the present moment, but the bill being
before the Senate, I will offer an amendment
to it to insert after the word "coffee" the
words " salt and coal."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
ask the Senator from Illinois whether he con-
siders that we have a right to amend the bill
in this way? I understood a different opinion
to be expressed by the Senator when the other
bill was before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that we
have a right to amend the bill in this way.
The House of Representatives having sent to
us a bill repealing the duty on a specific arti-
cle, I suppose we may add the repeal of duty
ou another article, particularly as they have
sent to us bills repealing the duties 011 salt and
coal both.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That would not
alter the parliamentary law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it would alter
the parliamentary law to this extent, that we
have a right now in consequence of the action
of the House, an unquestionable right, to repeal
the duty oh salt and coal 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Bypassing those
bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend the spirit
of the law which the House of Representatives
have insisted upon is that the Senate is en-
croaching on their prerogatives, and we cer-
tainly should not do so in the spirit of the law
by agreeing to the identical bills which they
have passed. That would not be an encroach-
ment upon their constitutional prerogatives.
But I imagine this is a differentkind of amend-
ment from the amendment whi.h was pro-
posed to the bill when it was under consider-
ation before the Senate. We undertook to
amend that bill by a general reduction of the
tariff laws, and although I do not doubt our
right to amend the bill to some extent, the
House of Representatives did not think we
had the right to amend it to the extent of
going into a general revision of customs duties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
State to the Senator ftom Illinois, if he will
allow him, that at this time the Senate have
(ho right to discuss tho question which has
been presented from the House. Hatsell lays
down the rule:
"They aro thcrcforonot to bake notice of any bills
or other matters depending, or of votes that havo
been given, or of speeches which have been held,
by the members of either of tho other branches of
the Legislature, until the samo havo been com-
municated to them in the usual parliamentary man-
ner."
What has been stated in the House on the
very point to which the Senator is addressing
his remarks, having been communicated form-
ally, it is a legitimate subject ;for debate in
the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Illinois
having called our attention to the fact that
time was wasted upon the discussion of the
other bill, the practical question is suggested
whether we will waste any more by adding any
amendments to tins bill. If his amendments
are adopted or rejected, we shall then know
whether it is worth while to go any further or
not. If his amendments shall be adopted,
others of course will follow. But looking at
what has occurred, we see this state of facts:
first, that there are reports in both Houses re-
taining a poition of theduties on teaand coffee;
second, that there are votes in both Houses by
.very large majoiities setting aside the action
of the committees 111 both bodies and putting
:tea and coffee on the free list. We have that
bill here before us. if we see proper to make
that much legislation practical and adopt it
without amendment, we can do so ; but if the
Senator from Illinois and others see proper
to add amendments, or desire to add amend-
ments, then practically we shall now be wasting
time.
Now, I desire to reach a vote upon that prac-
tical question for the purpose of doing, in the
first place, what is right without surrendering
any of the power of the Senate for which we
have heretofore contended, and, in the second
place, of relieving the suffering business in-
terests of the country. If we are disposed to
do that, we can do that by adopting this bill
without amendment. If we are not, then we
shall run on for an indefinite time with these
amendments and with debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, five min-
utes remain of the morning hour, and I see
that it is not the purpose of those who have
the power to defeat it to allow this bill to pass
unamended within that time, and therefore I
venture to say a word.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois has, I submit to the Senate, every ele-
ment of objection upon which the House
seized in the other bill. They sent us a bill
repealing the duties upon tea and coffee. We
amended it, not by a general revision of the
tariff, as the Senator from Illinois says, if he
uses that phrase at large ; we amended it in
only two ways: first, by adding to the free list
just as the Senator now proposes to do ; sec-
ond, by reducing duties upon certain other
articles. Without stopping to argue it, I af-
firm, and I think no Senator will deny, that
this amendment now offered by the Senator,
although confined to two articles, contains
every ingredient of offense, if I may so say,
which the House found in our other bill. I need
not say that I think the action of the House was
as far-fetched and as unwarrantable as some of
the declarations made in debabte in the House,
which at some time will be discussed here,
and I hope commented on by the committee
having charge of tho subject. That, however,
is neither here nor there.
The Senate must pass this bill or it must
accept this situation: the House has said more
than once that it is in favor of dismissing the
duties upon tea and coffee ; the Senate has
said more than once by great majorities that
it also is in favor of dismissing the duties upon
tea and coffee. This action, thus incomplete,
because the minds of the two Houses have not
concurred in the same bill, has exposed to
hardship and to ruin a great interest in the
country, and I know, speaking of my constit-
uents alone, that if this goes on much longer
heavy failures, great disasters, unwarrantable
inflictions are to result from it. Now, it will
not do for the Senator from Illinois, or for me,
or for any other member of this body, to say
we differwith the House upon this question of
prerogative, and we are in favor of dismissing
duties upon other things. Here lies' a bill dis-
missing the duties upon tea and coffee passed
by the House repeatedly. We have recorded
ourselves in favor of the same thing. We have
the power in'one moment to complete and finish
this bill, and we cannot stand here putting our
hands in our pockets and saying, " The House
have differed with us upon something else ; I
am in favor of reducing the duties also upon
coal and salt; I am in favor of reducing the
duties upon pig iron or Bessemer steel; and
therefore I will keep this great trade, the mul-
titude of men whose interests are at stake
here, tied up, and I will persist in doing it
until wreck and ruin shall follow upon my sus-
pense." We cannot do that, I say, Mr. Pres-
ident, and acquit ourselves. On the contrary,
the country will understand, and I hope tne
country will understand, that for divers reasons
Senators halt when there is an opportunity to
take up one branch of the tariff question thor-
oughly discussed in both Houses, voted upon
repeatedly, and lying here now in such form
that we can complete action upon it in one
moment. There will be another bill here, as
the Senator from Illinois has said, upon which
he can offer coal and salt; plenty of opportun-
ities for that; no reason whatever, I submit,
why my constituents—I speak for them alone
now, because perhaps I have a better right—
should be kept like toads under a harrow, by
the Congress of the United States upon a ques-
tion which everybody understands, which has
been thoroughly discussed in both Houses, and
upon which a complete record has been made
up, complete for every purpose except for their
benefit.
Now, Mr. President, whatever else I may
want about the tariff, when the Senator from
Pennsylvania persists in this motion, as he
will, I think, on Monday—if he does not, T
shall if I get the opportunity—I will stand by
him in doing so much that is right and just
as this bill gives us the opportunity of doing,
in resisting amendments, whether the pend-
ing amendment or any other, which give rise
again to this question upon which, no matter
how wrong the House may be, it has the
power, by insisting upon it, to block the way
to consummate legislation. Let us do this,
and if we cannot do more, if the House shall
prevent doing more, that will bo the fault of
the House and not our fault.
Mr. BLAIR. Wheneverit isin orderto do so,
I propose to move to amend this bill by adding
to it that it shall not take effect until the 1st of
July. The only hardship that I have heard
complained of by the business interests of this
country in reference to the pending measure
is the danger that it shall go into effect at
once, and thus destroy those who have had
accumulated stocks of tea and coffee on hand
upon which they have paid heavy duties to
the Government. I know of no other inter-
est that is suffering in connection with this
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will par-
don me one moment, does he not know that
the whole question, namely, the question
whether the duties are to be repealed at any
time or not, regardless of date, strands the
whole trade now ?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know anything of the
sort. I know that the persons employed in
this business, iftlxeyhad notice that this abro-
gation of the duty would take effect at some
future time, could adjust their business to that
date. If it takes effect immediately, they can-
not do so, and those who have paid heavy
taxes upon the accumulated stocks which they
have in the country will be placed at great dis-
advantage with those who introduce the same
commodities without payment of taxes at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand those dealers
desire 
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will
suspend. The morning hour has expired and
the unfinished business pending last evening
is before the Senate, being Senate bill No.
724. But the Chair desires to state to the
Senate, as has been his custom, that this day
after one o'clock was assigned for the consid-
eration of the postal code bill. The unfinished
business, however, has priority, upon which the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] is entitled
to the floor. If he yields to the chairman of
the Post Office Committee that Senator can
test the sense of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall go on
with the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maine yields, the Senator from Minnesota
may test the sense of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognizes the Senator from Minnesota. The
unfinished business, being the Texas Pacific
railroad bill, is now before the Senate. The
Senator from Minnesota, this day having been
assigned to the postal code bill, gives notice
that he desires to take the vote of the Senate
