806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the present publishers for the work if it can
be done at satisfactory rates, and if not, to
have the debates reported and printed under
the direction of the Congressional Printer at
the Government Printing Office.
For the information of the House, I ask
permission to print, as a part of my remarks,
a communication from Rives & Bailey on the
subject I have been discussing:
Congressional Globe Omcs,
■Washington, D. C., February il, 1872.
Dear Sir: In answer to your verbal inquiries as
to the cause of inereaso in the cost to tho Govern-
ment of the publication of tho debates of Congress
lor the Fortioth and Forty-First Congresses, wo havo
to say that tho causes are twofold, namely: in the
first place, increased service, and in the second
place, increased compensation.
Up to tho Thirty-Eighth Congress, the work had
been done at an to-war prices, which had not for sov-
eral years reimbursed expenditures upon it. During
that Congress wo offered tho Government the option
of paying an increase of fifty per cent, upon the
rates paid forthe then current work, or of remuner-
ating us by the purchase from us of an accumulation
of old books then on hand. Congress very wisely
chose the latter alternative, and thus secured not
only the continued publication of its debates at
practically tho old rates, but obtained for the use
of its members many valuablo sots of tho only full
history extant of tho legislation of this country for
tho prcooding thirty years. Subsequent legislation
repealed this arrangement, (law of July 4,1804.) and
provided for inviting proposals for reporting and
printing tho debates, which resulted in tho forma-
tion of a contract between the General Govornniont,
and ourselves for doing that work for the Forty-First
Congress, at rates agreed upon after ma ture deliber-
ation of all parties.
IThis contract ignored tho purohaso of back vol-
umes, much to our satisfaction, :vk tho stock on hand
had beoomo very largely reduced, and tlio value of
tho remainder much enhanced. Further, the neces-
sity of roprinting, in ordor to continuo thus to sup-
ply them, had by that time come to consume much
of the profits upon tboir salo.]
So much for one of tho onuses of increa.se in the
aggregate oost, of this work dono for Congress. The
other reason for such increase is to be found in
the increased service ronderod. Tho Thirty-Kighth
and Thirty^-Ninth Congresses consisted each of but
two sessions, whilo tho Fortieth and Forty-First
had thrco sessions oai'h. And further, whilo in tho
Thirty-Highlli and Thirty-Ninth Congresses many
States wore unrepresented, in tho Fortioth and
Forty-First the representation was full. Thoso
additional members wero supplied with tho cus-
tomary quota of Globes, and tho sorvice was thus
very materially extondod.
Again, the service was further enlarged by a moro
thoiough index to thodobatos. The indoxes having
l>eon insufficient and unsatisfactory, it was determ-
ined during the Thirty-Ninth Congress, in a con-
ference with tho Committee on 1'rintmg, based upon
areHolution which had been referred to thorn, that
a fuller and more systematic indox should be sup-
plied, a plan for wliieh was, after considerable delib-
eration, devised and submitted to tho oommittoe. as
woll as to several members of each House, and tho
same having received thoir approbation, tho indox
was executed upon that method during tho Fortieth
and Forty-First Congrosaoa.
There was no increase in the rates paid for the
etirrorii work of any Congress until tho Forty-First,
when the price per column of tlio Daily Globo was
somewhat increased. It was ex poo ted (hat this in-
crease would onablo us to do tlio current work of
that Congress without tho incidental aid derived
from tho salo of back volumes. Said inereaso did
not, moot our expectations; but wo faithfully kopt
tho promises made in our contract, and havo not
complained.
Tho index to tho work for tho first sossion of the
present Congress has boon supplied to only one of
tlio two volumes, in accordance with tho wishes of
the Committee on Printing, and our proposition now
before that oommittoe, and wo arc preparing tho
index for the current sossion upon the sarno plan.
Tho cost, of tho indox oxcocds by far that of any
oilier matter prepared for tho Globo.
The proposition for a new contract, submitted to
tlio joint committee in Fobruary of last year, re-
duces tho quantity of work to be done, by limiting
the furnishing of the indox to a single volume of
the quarto edition, instead of inserting it in each
volume, as has boon dono from tho Thirty-Third
Congress, inclusive—a period of eighteen years. A
careful examination shows that should the dobates
pt the Forty-Second Congress make tho same num-
ber of pages as were filled by the matter of tho Forty-
Xirst.the cost to the Government will bo reduced ,
ior this Congress in the sum of more than eighteen
thousand dollars. Should Congress adjourn at tho
end of iilay, as has been proposed, and agreed to by
the Senate, instead of sitting till the middle of July,
as in the long session of the Forty-First Congress, !
the cost will he still iurthcr reduced, and our propo-
sition now before tho committee will ho rendered
proportionately less profitable tlian it promised
to be at the timo it was submitted. That proposi-
tion was the result of long and careful deliberation
on our part, and not of hasty conclusions. Circum-
stances havo combined to cause the lapse of nearly a i
year, without any definite action upon that proposi-
tion by tho committee; during which timo wo havo
done the work to the general satisfaction of Con-
gress without as yet having received any pay there-
for. Thisdelay was wholly unexpected by us, and no
less so, are wo sure, by tho committee, as then or now
constituted: and we confidently expect Congress will
authorize the committee to provide, in any agree-
ment with us, indemnification for such pecuniary
sacrifices ns wo have been compelled to make by
reason of thisdelay. The interest on the debtwhich
we havo carried, are still carrying, and must continue
to carry,with its daily increasing weight, will absorb
a very large proportion of the profits wo had hoped
to derive from the work wo havo done. The un-
avoidable anxioty and annoyance to which we have
been subjected by thisdelay cannot be compensated
by any possible profitsunder the proposed contract.
Wo are not aware, however, that tho state of incer-
titude in which wo havo lived for tho past year has
in any manner impairod the duality of service ren-
dered; but wo cannot consent to be kept longer in
this unsettled condition, and must ask most earn-
estly that the committee speedily take up and dis-
poso of tbis case, lest we soon roach the point tovvard
which we are steadily drifting, namely, a position
whero we shall bo compelled to ask to be relieved
from the work.
We are, most respectfully, yours,
F. & J. RIVES & GEO. A. BAILEY,
Proprietors of the Globe.
Hon. John Bkatty, Chairman Committee on Printing,
House of Jiepresentatives.
KKMOVALS MOM OFFICE.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Mr. Speaker, the Sen-
ate of the United States, a few weeks ago,
appointed a committee to investigate certain
matters, and especially in reference to the
custom-house at New York. In that investi-
gation I discovered, in the testimony of Hon.
Horace Greeley, references made to myself.
The impression he seems to try to convey is
that in the State of New York removals have
been made by reason ol' men being what he
calls " Fenton men," and my own action in
my district is referred to as evidence tending
to prove the allegation made by him. I wish
to say here that there have been a few removals
only in my district, and no one of them has
been made by reason of the person removed
being a "Fenton man." Other reasons and
considerations operated entirely.
Then too, sir, I wish to correct here what I
believe to be an erroneous impression in refer-
ence to the Republicans of New York. It
has been represented that in the coming con-
test if Grant shall be renominated, as he surely
will be, no reliance can be placed on the men
called "Fenton men" in New York. I can
Speak, sir, only for the twenty-ninth congres-
sional district in New York; I havo no right
to speak for other portions of the State ; but I
say here that 1 do not .know a Fenton man in
my district who will not heartily support Gen-
eral Grant if he be renominated. More than
that, I do not know one who is not in favor of
bis renomiuation. Unfortunately, perhaps, to
a certain oxtent, there have been some differ-
ences between Senator Conkling and Senator
Fknton, but I do not believe that when you
come to the question of voting for the nominee
of the Republican party there is a Republican
in New lork who will not vote for the nom-
inee of the Republican party, Because Sen-
ator Conkling's term is about to expire, it is
claimed by some that the success of Senator
Conklinc in being reelected would in point of
fact be an adverse result to Senator Fenton.
I have no real doubt that in 187o Senator
Conkling will be returned to the Senate of
the United States by the voice of the Repub-
licans of that State; but if this be done, it will
not of necessity condemn the course pursued
by Senator Fentox. It will not be adverse to
him especially, for his term does not expire
until 1875. The Republicans of New York,
sir, look with admiration upon tho course pur-
sued by Senator Fenton in days gone by, when
he was the Representative of the Cbatauqua
district in this Hall, and when he was Gov-
ernor of the State of New York duiing the
great perils through which the country passed.
They remember with gratitude the course he
then took. They remember kindly, too, the
time when he stood between vast and gigantic
corporations and the people of the State of
New York.
But when you come to the question of the
integrity of the party, and its very existence.;
why, I apprehend these men will be found
shoulder to shoulder with other good and true
Republicans in the coming contest. Why, sir,
they have been identified with the interest and
perils and hopes of the Republican party since
its formation, and they cannot well now turn
their backs on that party. And while some
may have supposed, while our opponents may
have thought, perhaps, that they would gain
something in the State of New York, let me
predict here that if we have a fair ballot and
an open count in that State, so that the true
result of the election shall be known and would
be known, the State of New York in 1872
will proclaim herself for the nominees of the
Philadelphia convention.
While I am on the floor, allow me to say a
few words more in reference to the coming
contest. Our opponents, since they have dis-
covered that General Grant is to be the nom-
inee of tho Republican party, of course have
found all sorts and kinds of faults with him
and his administration. But they have found
fault with him in one particular whero I think
lies a great deal of his strength. The position
concerning which they have attacked him most
bitterly is this: they say that General Grant
keeps himself within his shell, that he will not
speak or write; they say he will not write
letters, that he will not make speeches. In
that I think he shows his wisdom. Who
does not remember, especially if he was an old
Henry Clay Whig, that the great statesman of
Kentucky, when the whole nation was looking
to him, when in him the nation's hopes were
centered, when he was a candidate for the
Presidency of the United States, wrote his
celebrated Alabama letter? He wrote that
letter to a man living in Alabama, a State that
never cast a Whig vote and was never expected
to east one. That fatal letter cost him the vote
of the State of New York. New York was lost
to tho Whigs by a little over five thousand
votes, and Henry Clay was defeated, and de-
feated forever, for writing that letter. Who
does not believe that if at that time Henry
Clay had omitted to write that letter he would
have been President of the United States?
And if he had been, I have thought sometimes
that we would have escaped tho difficulties wo
have passed through during the late civil war.
And although the gentleman who now repre-
sents the Ashland district of Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] is a Democrat, and an ardent partisan,
yet I often look upon hiin with a sort of admi-
ration, from the fact that he represents tho
former district of Henry Clay. I feel as though
anything from the district was like a relic
from that sacred spot, which I must look upon
with kindness and forbearance.
Who does not recollect that another candi-
date for the Presidency wrote a letter, and a
very unfortunate letter V I do not, say he would
have been elected President if he had not
written that letter. I refer to the " hasty plate
of soup" letter of General Scott. Sir, tho
mighty general who defeated the forces of
Great Britain at Lundy's Lane, who marched
our army into the city of Mexico, was not
equal to writing a letter, especially if ho
was to bo answered by that able and shrewd
politician, William L. Marcy. I do not say
lie would havo boon successful if he had not
written that letter; but I do say that that
" hasty plate of soup" letter was most unfor-
tunate at the time.
Another letter has beei> written lately, and
I was sorry to see it ; I wish it had not been
written. It was a letter written by a man who
probably has done as much for tho Republican
party as any living man. It is the letter writ-
ten by a niau who pointed out to the Democ-
racy how they could havo succeeded in 1808
if they had nominated Chief Justice Chase.
He is the man who wrote a letter saying, " I
am not the candidate you want; the Demo-
cratic party are tending to free trade, and I am
a ferocious protectionist." It is a letter point-
