1872T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4891
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator to yield me
a moment. It seems to me now we are just
at the turning point. We are just now at the
point when we shall have it in our own power
to adjourn at the time specified by the resolution
of both Houses; that is, on Monday at twelve
o'clock. I cannot conceive possibly that if we
go on without finishing up this bill an hour or
two longer it will be possible for us to adjourn
on Monday. If this matter were disposed of we
could dispose of everything else on the bill in
a few minutes, I am satisfied in thirty minutes.
I feel quite certain nearly all the amendments
that were to be proposed by Senators outside
are disposed of. We could get through and
perhaps have the bill printed by the time the
House meets to-day, or shortly after that.
They could act upon it and the bill could be
got into a conference committee some time
late this evening, and perhaps disposed of by
some time Sunday in time to have it enrolled
and presented to the President by Monday
morning, so that he could sign it in time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should iike to ask my
colleague what reason he has to think that there
is any end to the amendments of the same kind
with the one upon which we are now stranded,
or of any other kind to this bill?
Mr. COLE. It is my belief that there will
be no other amendments of this nature. I do
not think anybody would be so exceedingly
rash as to present another amendment of this
kind. My friends on this side are very anxious
to come to terms, and I know most of the
Democrats are. There are only two or three
who are not ready to surrender. If these two
or three would only step aside and let us vote
'we should get along nicely. For myself, I
would be glad to surrender if I could, in
order that we might dispose of this bill and get
through with our business by Monday. I know
we can. My colleague asks me what assur-
ance I have or reason to believe there will be
no other amendment of this nature. I have
in my own mind the utmost assurance that
there will be nothing further of the kind. I
presume some of the Democrats are afraid of
the Ku Klux bill. I do not apprehend any-
thing of the sort. I think the statement made
by my friend from Ohio as to the pertinency
of this amendment ought to go some way to-
ward satisfying our Democratic friends. I do
not think these proceedings are very credit-
able to any party either way. If 1 had my
way I would not have had the amendment
offered. I hope now we may yet adhere to
our resolution to adjourn on Monday, but we
cannot possibly do that unless we dispose
of this bill pretty soon.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not proceed to vote
right off?
Mr. COLE. I resolved a day or two ago
that I would not violate the eleventh com-
mandment as interpreted by my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] and I do not think 1
have in this debate violated that command-
ment. I have taken it very coolly and intend
to. If we cannot adjourn on Monday, we will
try to adjourn in August or some time.
Mr. NYE. We will try to adjourn in time
to vote in November.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Will not the Senator from
Oregon yield with the general understanding
that we should pass this little street railroad
bill. [Laughter.] I would like to inquire of him
how long he proposes to speak, and I will try
to negotiate with him for a few minutes of that
time.
Mr. CONKLING. How long is the rail-
road?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada, pending the present ques-
tion, asks unanimous consent to proceed^ to
the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS, and Mr. HAMILTON of
Maryland, objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon is entitled to the floor, and
will proceed.
Mr. STEWART. I did not expect an
objection from the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to everything except this bill. I want it dis-
posed of.
Mr. COLE. Will my friend allow me to
dispose of a few other amendments, and then
we shall have only this?
Mr. CONKLING. That will not do this.
Let us go on with the regular order.
Mr. KELLY. During the discussion that
has just taken place it has been directly charged
that we on this side are responsible for an
attempt to baffle legislation. I hardly think
that charge ought to be made by Senators on
the other side when they consider what took
place here on Wednesday last. It will be rec-
ollected, because the time is so very short
since that took place, that the Senate discussed
one whole day, that is, during Wednesday, a
single section of this bill; I refer to the sixth
section. The Committee on Appropriations
had proposed to strike out the sixth section.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Rob-
ertson] proposed to have it retained. Upon
that a discussion took place. Amendment
after amendment was proposed. Discussion
was had upon the amendments, voting by viva
voce and by calling the yeas and nays. It was
repeated time and again, and again and again,
until weary, at about eleven o'clock at night,
the Senate adjourned. That was upon a sin-
gle section of this bill. Those who acted with
this side had a very decided majority in their
favor upon every amendment that was pro-
posed. Some half a dozen Senators on the
other side persisted in calling the yeas and nays
time and again. This they certainly remember.
The result was that through weariness the
Senate was compelled to adjourn. We were
then in the majority; we did adjourn. We
could have prolonged the session, but Sen-
ators will recollect that many of those op-
posed to us were at Philadelphia attending
to their duties there ; we did not complain of
that. Still there was the example set for us
which we are following, and I think with much
better reason than then. Here we oppose this
amendment for this reason, among others, that
a bill far more perfect than this will be, far
more admirably prepared than this, has already
passed this body and has been sent to the other
House. The result there, of course, we can-
not say. We are not permitted to speak of
what action has taken place upon it there, but
it is sufficient for me to say that a more per-
fect bill than this on the same subject has been
sent from the Senate to the other House.
Now, why not let that body act upon that
bill? Why not let them act upon a more per-
fect bill than this ever can be? For this sim-
ple reason: it is manifest and apparent to every
one that the object and the sole object is to
compel the House, this being tacked upon an
important part of the appropriation, to accept
it as an entirety, knowing that they must adopt
it or else lose the entire bill. So that this is a
coercive measure. That fact cannot escape
the attention of any one. It is manifest that
it is an attempt to coerce the House into adopt-
ing this bill instead of the one we have already
sent there. Have we not the right to insist
that that course shall not be pursued and that
amendments of this kind shall not be tacked
on an appropriation bill, but that we shall
establish the true precedent that in appropria-
tion bills nothing but what is germane ought
to be in the bill, and that no subject of general
legislation should be tacked upon it ? That is
what we are contending for now. It is for a
principle, it is for what we conceive to be
right, and the precedent having been set for
us on Wednesday we are but following it.
Mr. COLE. I hope my friend will not fol-
low so bad an example. I know he condemns
it very much.
Mr. KELLY. I did not open my mouth
on Wednesday, although I did think it was
imposing somewhat upon us.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me? I wish to enter my dissent to what was
said by the Senator from California about the
bad example. If I understand what my friend
is referring to, he speaks of the debates and
votes upon the section in reference to the car-
rying of the mail in the rebel States. I was
here during all that time, and I record my tes-
timony that not one dilatory motion was made,
not one speech was made against time. On
the contrary, observing the five-minutes rule,
I think no Senator spoke more than twice, with
the exception of one Democratic Senator, and
perhaps he did make three or four five-minute
speeches. There was no prohibition on the
offering of an amendment. I offered an
amendment myself in three different forms,
explaining at the time that I did it each time
striking from it the objection made to it. Then
it was voted down for another reason. I offered
it striking that objection from it. And the
third time I offered it we were refused an
opportunity to take a vote upon it, but were
compelled to vote on laying on the table.
I also want to remind my houorable friend
that at that time a large number of Senators
on this side were gone, gone on an occasion
which for twelve years, I can certify, has
always been the subject of courtesy in both
Chambers just as much as if a man were absent
from sickness or absent at a funeral. While
I have been in Congress there have been at
least eight national conventions held, speaking
of the two parties, and no Senator can remem-
ber an instance in which any advantage has
been taken or complaint made of Senators who
were delegates or Representatives who were
delegates being absent or even going to act as
spectators. It so happened the other day
that many Republican Senators were gone,
aud the Senator is right in saying that it left
him and his friends, those who acted with
them, in a majority. We came to an agree-
ment by which the bill stayed here until those
Senators returned, and this morning the vote
being taken without debate, the Senator knows
that those various votes were reversed simply
because a few of the Senators who were absent
had returned. Had they all been here it would
have been decidedly reversed.
We will make the same agreement with them
now, although nobody has been absent on their
side, although they have not been taking votes
011 amendments, although they have not been
speaking to the question, although they have
interposed a motion to postpone, and upon
that been debating over and over again a dead
and decided question, namely, the question
of order.
Now, I submit to my friend that the pro-
ceeding the other day was an entirely proper
one, entirely right. It involved a very im-
portant question. We simply made a record
upon it without making one dilatory motion
or interposing any delay; and all we asked
was, and that we certainly would grant to the
minority, that the ultimate question might
stand until the Senate was full. It was only
the other da^ that a telegram was read here
saying that one Democratic Senator was
absent, and one of the most important bills,
that bill which is the bugbear of my friend
and his associates, was put over for two or
three days upon that suggestion alone. Does
he doubt that if the national Democratic con-
vention had been sitting, and he and his col-
leagues, a score of them, had been away, we
would not have allowed twenty-four hours to
elapse in order that they might be here to
record their votes on an important question ?
And yet my friend is setting that as a preceden t
now for hours wasted on a question of order
after that question was decided, upon submis-
sion to the Senate, by a decided majority.
