1872;
GOmmmOBAL. ©LCfflE
3495
fuorta^bB fafrjrafiliA piojiert'y, aad tktf>"wa&ir froM
the public aqueducts was diverted t6 private mt-
j>a$es/
Prlvatff MldiAgs were goffered to encKiaah
ftpbn the public property arid yon haVeii si an
ilar proposition 'heft? to-Might. Yob ptopoes
to- alio* ^thlscofpoMitioh <s<j*qs Sftt&.tfcfe
cityWithf its road, fcrnPnot td endroacK  poa et
krfn'wicm, odtof Sfre %ay piase -of'land,.: tat tft
e&&% right in ths yodp'gre&t publW
parkj;dedi«iteii byyotiraheeBtoM Mr thepato"'
lie use forever, and encroach upon it and tak«
pos^ssfoa pmirn af it, 'eight fcwtdied
feet by 8fte iuiidSed ■ Sfid fifty in &tt#n& -ft
tberfr not 6 patrillet here?; -Tfiirhtstoiy*ws«
Written to show what <Sb>e deelifiing day# of
RoiriVi brought' Pottfe; ami here to-fliglit i«
this great/ Republic, supptisfed to be vigorous
atrd pow'e'rful arid youhg attd he&efst atid jiigt,
we see 4t4 fMjfic Heffrattts clieSitiiig the, easJ
fhecjuei1, tthtJ We see private pfer soils efteroaeh-
|ng dpbii th£> p dblic domain. ktiot'that tfue?
* Mr. President., I will not diB^a-tage the gen-
tle fn en #bo 'propose this mircfstira) but Ask
jtoti ftid:ydti evfe^SeeOne'Hlte it 4ft ittpxidence,
Itid I 'aSk it iff m! -gWri'ekffi1^. ! Look iat, it ifl
tts Fe'ngfh land in its breadth! 4 agreeWitia the
fcohorabU S^hBtOr' fi-oiti Ohio that if: we had
rioothe't plaeefofs! d&poltj theA We-wight pos>
srbly b6 WlllMg'ttte't'ithik- 'gf6i ff4 «hptaMI h«
given }t'. 1 If, accOr'dlhg1 to 'the tt'tilftirian' idea
fef nay honofable friend • frotfi Pennsylvania)
ihertf ^"erfe ftO'ottoAr ^iWe' fo* this baiMltigj
yon rfii^ht take' the i£?y'gr6iitids of the Capi-
tol. I tfiigjit think A long time before! -wowM
, agree to it; tftrt yon might do so. What Ab
you .get? Do you get SWytbitig? No. if I
understand the position of these
they say they fere entitfcd to thl8 gi*fiat Joba-
tion beeauSe Washirtgfon city-had promised
Or efitea'ed into SOrnfe kind of obligation -to give
<his company S500,■000, and thisis -ati eqflivw-
Jefft for thai What iightbwd Washington .cisy
kp vote aWay $500,000-Of *the peogiie'S money
to a eorpqSratlon' tha$ is ackfl¥wltdged % t>e
¥olKng in weaHh aiid JioS&fe^ses po*ei'-nottsar-
Jjassed bvatiy State gWerntefettt m tfe-e I^nion?
Mr. THUBMAjT. It did not -prapose to
gtvfe tliem t'hat nliieh «ioney, 'huf'to tak« tbsft
Tnurh stock.
■ MK HAMILTON, of Marytefe^. Th'iok of
"it, Mr. President. Think of th^se rsSrifOads
■and railroad presidents. Why, Sit', upon What
me'at'have these-otir -moderft Gtesafs fed that
they frave grown so great as to ccwne into thife
great fend august <body and demand from you
•k ratification of their eflidtis pasBed fey-a dying
city feoiiffeil, and y-ou are to do it5? They pos-
teess poWer to m&ke you pass this'biH.
Mr. President, I speak eafnesltly U^oH this
qnestibn,%eoanse 1 feel deeply upon ft. I do.
-frot V1sh to give ®ese'corporations anything.
I would not allow them "to -pass through a
public street in thistofrn. I-would not give
them a foot of public land. 'I would make
them do as othfer pOwpte'doJ I Would- lStiUe
then! buy what they get.
Mr. 'CAMERON. I to soffy to interrupt
the Senator from Maryland so often ; but what
lie Said last about hot allowing a railroad to go
through t'he streets calls to my remembrance
Botnething that occurred in the town where he
received his education. I remetober that about
"forty years ago, when everybody wanted a
railroad to go frotn Baltimore to the Ohio
tiver, the parties interested approached the
City of 'Frederick, in Which 'I think the Sen-
ator lives.
_ Mr. HAMILTON,_ of Maryland. Twenty-
six miles beVOnd it, in Hagerstown.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator lives sotne-
■where in the neighborhood.
Mr. 'HAMIL'iON, Of Maryland. In your
valley, the valley Of the-Cuinberland.
Mr. CAMERON. And it is the most beau-
tiful valley in the .world, and I live in the most
beautiful part of that valley. 'But the Wise
irien of that beautiful valley, living around the
eity of Frederick, thought a railroad would
th*ir town. that the Kotses woald get
frighteiiedj the eows'wottid giv« bloody milk,
[laughter,] and everything would be destroyed
if tlfsy Should allow s rAih'dad to come the-Ve,
tod sdth^ eouneil 'of %«dsriak, with'alltte
Wisi 'teett of Fred-aricls:, (5'4cided tli t th# i>sih
foad sfe6tttd sot eo«e '.witb'iti two miles'©f the
tdwb/-and? 60 tkey  Mit- out five toiloSs but
ttfter a wMU mfl those *ise i sn acquired mors
kH6wlede<i, and agreeii td to wmke   rail-
rttafl to the to*n itself. %o if wili be here. >
: Mf. HAMILTON, of Matylaftd. "I under-
stood the Seneral cuWent of the remm-ks ef
Wfe lidnotable Senator ft'oni Pennsylvania. I
did n6t:hear all that he. said, but they were alt
Jfr good htiMot, Of oourse. ; Whether they were
fight of wrohg I am not prepared no* to say,
fat I <?fd not henrthetrt, tlnd therefore I cannot
Combat them. 'He «poke about the beaittit'nl
ValJ^'df the Oumberiand, in whicfe we both
live, and I agree it is a most beautiful valley
indeed-. -As to our pe ple petitioning against
f-ailrOads, Of that, they sfcoald hht approach the
! k#6w nothing about that. Our jieople
W6, to'SWrte extent, uitefligent. They are like
^ hottorible fHend-frfrAi Pennsylvania and
toys^lf.-' I dO not ascribe to myself Uiuclj in*
teifi^fice. btit l am jaw sbbwt as the people
of that VaHey art,  tty no ifefhehouorable'Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Belt, I am spyakin| About railroads and
th^ij- po^e'r to Come ir  here and take this
land, t could go On to show what these ffti'L-
foad gfe^ittemen hSVft 4oiie, and i?ho  that if,
in admltfn to the Cin.cimiati p4atfoi'tn, the
pktfdrtrt Of the dther parties contained the
Sstme-ptenk, it wonid not talrt either of them
'mticti. ■
; I hapjieh^ to lay toy tsmds on a document
Just ialtted 'by the Secretary of the interior
^hoWinj^ths Smottnt of -public 'lands that sttoh
6dr>p0rati0ns' have got from th© Government.
They. Can go afiywhene and everywhere where
tiheyknow (he hinds belong to Wie Government
atpfl demand, almost as a matter of right, their
Sfiarfe of them, and more than their Share.
They may go into tfhe State of my honorable
friend from California and soize an isLind ;
theymaygo out into the wilderness as they have
doue, into the Western country as they have
done, as is shown by this report, and take
possession of all the public lands there. They
have by the Various grants of Congress already
maie secured one intndred and sevettty-nine
million ateres'Of land. The Pacific railronds
alone have one hundred and thirty-three mil-
liop acres in grants, tfhey'have become so
mtfch accustomed to this'in the weaterti States
•that the fever has now extended to the Bast.
We:have not So many lands to grant, it ia true,
butstill they have the same specious arguments
'for the attainmfent tff those that we have, aB
the argument of the honorable (Senator from
Penhsylvaniafias Well-Shown. In order to ob-
tain this little-patclrhere to the destruction of
ouf park tbey :have ttpeeious arguments.
Why, Mr. President, they have gotten into
this habit of grasping-lands and ae«kiug lands
that there is hardly any safety for any lands
anywhere, public or private, and you Can
:hardly draw a railroad chal-ter strong enough
to pie-rent them from doing injustice to the
citizen in traversing the country. -I am not
speaking now against railroads that are poor
and in a bad condition, and who, like people
that have no money, will now and then turn a
sharp corner; but I am talking about rich and
powerful corporations able to pay for what
they get, and therefore when either the Balti-
more and Ohio or the Baltimore and Potomac
come here for lands 1 would say condemn your
hinds like other people; I would not give to
them a public street; I would make them
break through the lots, particularly on the
Island ; I would make them condemn lands on
the Island for their depot as they do in the
country; I would make them build their de-
pots according to our ideas of right and in a
style commensurate with the character ot the
Federgl capital. They have got the money to
ao it, sand I would make them do it. Why,
Me. President, while I am bn this point, to
ske>w that this spirit of accumulation 'in these
companies U beyond #1 exaggeration, I not
only refer you to the grant, ot one hundred
and seventy million acnes of the public domain
for mil roads, but fo your indebtedness on
account of those cooperations. I hold in my
hand a, statement from the Treasury Depart-
ment just received ia regard to the Pacific
railroads, to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of th« Senate and the Country. This is a
focal matter, and it may be that' gentlemen
may gay that this ought not properly to be
a subject for argument; but still the principle
is the same. You have takes from the poor,
yon have taken almost the last acre of avail-
able land ia tile West, and now yoii are com-
ing into this poor, miserable, shiftless city,
governed by gentlemen whom I do not, care
to speak abofltj but whose government in my
j«MlgM« t is not. such a one as is to be found
eteetvhsre upon the <ace of the civilized earth.
This great and pant corporation comes into
this poor, miserable,shiftless aity, and would
seiae a part of i|t  ftirest domain.
Mr. -CAMEBQN. Ifc.is now nine ©'clock)
and, if he will allow me, I wish to ask the Sen-
ator fro hi Maryland a question. The houor-
alble Senator Itas spokeft' a couple of hours, or
an hour and a half certainly. 1 rise to as>k
him a question by which [ mean no disrespect
to him, but to eiuvbie me to govern myself, and
i trust othof Senators to govern themselves. I
ask him whether he is now speaking against
time, or whether lie is only speaking for the
purpose of making a.n impression legitimately
atpon the views of the Senate? ilf he is oe-
otijiying the time to the detriment of the paw-
sago ofthe ■bill and the iujury of tho couwtry's
service, .then I should like feira to say so, be-
cause I -will go out and take a ■nip, and i will
come back after awhile, after four or,live hours,
refreshed and ready vo talk. .[Laughter. J
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. 'J'iie hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania will pardon
me. I do not know whether 1 uin addressing
myself to the judgment of the iAenate, or
whether the Senate lias,any judgment upou this
question at nil. [JL/aughier. J -But I am sure my
honorable friend will admit that a laxgts por-
tion of my time 'has been taken up by the
honorable Senator himself, and by my honor-
able friend from West Virginia, and that I have
not occupied more than about half .the time
ascribed to me byitho honorable Senator .from
Pennsylvania. I am sure ot' one,thing, that
•nothing in the world would bo more agreeable
to me than that my honorable friend irorn
Pennsylvania should, at this moment uf time,
leave the 8enate and not return until eleven
o'clock to-morrow. [Laughter.] I say to the
ibonorable Senator, an no unkind feeling, .that
■his <ttbsenee now is, infinitely preferable to his
presence, [laughter,] and has been lor some
time, though he should lose by reason of it
some jomarks ip my speeoh that might be
of great moral and political benefit to him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I was speaking about ra'l-
road companies not only gorging themselves
with land and taking a beggar's pittance here;
but how do they stand upon the dollar mid
cent account? Plethoric with lauds, sixty-four
millions of monev they have got.
Mr. CAMlitlON. Where?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. .The Pa-
cific railroads, not this one, have had $G'1,0O0,-
000 of Government money in bonds. This
one does not want so much because it has not
so much to take care of it. It.wauts itsshare
and more than itsshare. When the Baltimore
and Ohioraitroad comes in for its share, and the
Potomac road comes for its share, and the
Metropolitan for itsshare, and the liarrieburg
line tor its share, what is left for the poor
people of this District?
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania talks
