4392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. KELLY. I did not cite that occasion
to show the honorable Senator from New
York made any dilatory motions; but I cer-
tainly cannot agree with him altogether in
saying that there was nothing of what might
be called protraction of legislation on that
occasion. I will not say it was filibustering,
a term that has been wade here oftentimes,
but the very fact that the whole da/ was con-
sumed on a single section is of itself, to say
the least, suspicious. Then again I think,
indeed I know, that the record will show that
upon many questions which could have been
disposed of by taking a vote without calling
the yeas and nays, the yeas and nays were
again and again called. I cannot be mistaken
as to that. I know the record will show that,
although, as I said, I do not say that the
honorable Senator from Now York interposed
one dilatory motion.
Mr. CONKLING. But my honorable friend
will corroborate me when I say that the yeas
and nays were never called twice upon the
same question. An amendment was offered
the other day which was laid upon the table
upon a call of jreas and nays. I offered the
amendment again this morning that it might
take its chance in a full Senate. The Senator
from Ohio immediately interposed a motion
to lay it on the table. I begged of him aside
to allow us to have a vote upon it. The Sen-
ator from California interposed a question of
order that I was debating myself. I appealed
to the Senator fiom California to withdraw
his suggestion. That is the only question
upou which the yeas and uays were twice taken,
and upon that the yeas and nays were taken
this morning when the Senate was full, and
once the other day when it was thin.
Mr. KELLY. I did not say that the yeas
and nays were repeatedly called, but they
were taken several times when it was not
necessary to call them. But that is nothing
here or there. 1 should be very far from try-
ing to take advantage of our opponents on
the other side because they desired to attend
a convention in a neighboring city. Certainly
they had that right, and every courtesy so far
us I could should be extended to them,
although there was nothing claimed by them,
'j'hey aid not claim that because of absentees
we should postpone the bill; at least that
claim was not made until very late in the day.
1 never heard it suggested that the vote on
the sixth section should be postponed until
absentees should return. If it had, doubt-
less the courtesy that ought to have been
extended would have been given; but it is
sufficient for me to say that it was prolonged
for a very great length of timo, and, as 1
think, needlessly.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may interrupt my
friend to remind him that before we came to
the hour of taking a recess the Globe will
show that attention was called, more than
once called, by the Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] to the l'aet that the Senate was
thin, and a request made by him that that
matter should stand over, and that request
was resisted not only after the intermission,
but before the afternoon recess took place.
If my friend will look at the Globe he will
find it so. I do not want to charge any dis-
courtesy ; I do not want to make any such
issue. I only want to' remind the Senator
ihat we were acting with a large number of
Senators absent; not for mere frivolity or
idleness, but on one of those occasions hap-
pening once in four years which by common
consent of all parties in both Houses has
always been respected as a time when cour-
tesy and indulgence ought to be extended.
Mr. KELLY. It ought to be extended, and
I am the last one to condemn that; but I had
not heard any suggestion of that kind made.
But I leave that now and proceed with my
argument.
When interrupted by the motion to adjourn
I had stated that the duties imposed upon
supervisors were certainly very onerous, that
they were compelled to attend when the regis-
tration of voters was about to be had, and that
would necessarily involve five or six days;
that they had to attend at the election, which
would occupy another day : that they had to
be present when the votes were counted, and
all these things would at least take from eight
to ten days; and these duties will be imposed
upon every supervisor who shall be appointed
if this becomes a part of the law. Now, I ask
again where is the justice in giving to the
supervisors in the city of Baltimore, Phila-
delphia, or New York fifty dollars, as this
section provides? Let me read the provision
before I comment on that:
" Sec. 1*1. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be allowed and paid to each chief supervisor
for Ms services as suoh officer, the following com-
pensation, apart from and in excess of all fees
allowed by law for the performance of any duty as
oircuit oourt commissioner: for filing and caring for
every return, report, record, document, or other
paper required to be filed by him under any of the
provisions of this act, ten cents; for affixing a seal
to any paper, record, report, or instrument, twenty
cents ; for entoring and indexing the records of his
office, fifteen cents per folio ; and for arranging and
transmitting to Congress, as provided for in section
soven of this act, any report, statement, record, re-
turn, or examination, for eaoh folio, fifteen cents;
and for any copy thereof, oi* of any paper on file, a
like sum. And there shall bo allowed and paid to
each and every supervisor of election, and eaeh and
evory special deputy marshal whoshall beapiiointed
and shall perform his duty under the provisions of
this act, compensation at tho rate of fivo dollars per
day for each and every day he shall have actually
been on duty, not exceeding ten days. And the fees
of the said chief supervisors shall be paid at the
Treasury of the United States, such accounts to be
made out, verifiod, examined and certified as in the
oase ot accounts of commissioners, save that the
examination or certificate required may bo made by
eithor tho circuit or distriot judge."
It will be seen that beside the fees paid for
preparing papers and returns there is to be
paid to cach supervisor the sum of five dollars
for every day he may attend to his duties, not
to exceed, however, ten days or fifty dollars to
each. Now, I put this question to every Sen-
ator who hears rne, can it be possible that in
all these largo cities every supervisor shall be
paid for these onerous duties the sum of fifty
dollars, and that every one performing a like
duty in a town of a thousand, or ten thousand,
or fifteen thousand, or who may perform the
same duties in any country precincts, shall dis-
charge all these duties for nothing? Not only
that, but in case of failure to do that as the law
I read before prescribes, he shall be fined not
less than $200 nor more than $500, and im-
prisoned not less than six months nor more
than one year. Here these persons are com-
pelled to do this duty, an onerous and un-
pleasant duty ; they see their neighbors paid a
large sum of money for it, and they get nothing
under the provisions of this bill. As was said
by the Senator who introduced it, it provides
that no payment shall be given to them. But
I make this statement now, that if this becomes
a law, and these duties are discharged in every
precinct in the United Stateswhere votes may
be cast, by two persons who are appointed
supervisors, the claim will be made that those
men should receive compensation equal to the
others, and it would be unjust if they did not.
Why should one class of supervisors living in
cities where they can have every comfort of
life receive payment at the rate of five dollars
a day, while poor men in the country discharg-
ing the same duties receive nothing? So sure
as time comes around there will be a bill in-
troduced, and there ought to be, to pay every
supervisor five dollars each day or fifty dol-
lars for discharging all the duties of each elec-
tion.
Now, has any Senator here an idea of what
that amount will be? As a matter of course it
is in a measure conjectural. I will take the
State I in part represent: I cannot at this
moment state how many election precincts
there are; but judging from the general inform-
ation I have, I will make this assertion, that
there are not less than three hundred precincts
in that State, which is very small in proportion
compared with almost kny other State of the
Union except the State of my friend from
Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I would not stop to mention
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLY. Well, I withdraw that. Bat
with that exception Oregon has less population
than any other State ; and in that single State,
with a population not much exceeding one
hundred thousand, there will be at least three
hundred election precincts, and necessarily
six hundred supervisors appointed under this
law. What will be the compensation ? For
a single election, suppose it is not to exceed
fifty dollars each, and it cannot be less than
that. By the by, we have no registration law
in Oregon, so that expense would be avoided,
but there would be the expense of attending
on election day and the following day to can-
vass the returns. I have no doubt we shall in
a short time have a registration law, and then
in all probability the expense incurred will be
$30,000 for an election; that is, if each one of
the six hundred inspectors who shall be there
gets fifty dollars, it will make just $30,000
that will be paid for a single election, and
two elections occur, one for Representative
and one for President, in the same year. Every
one can see what that amount will be. It is,
I know, a matter of computation, but if ths
same proportion runs through every congres-
sional district as does in the single one 'in
Oregon, the expense alone will run up to thfe
enormous sum of seven, or eight, or nine million
dollars.
This is a matter of computation that every
one can make for himself. Are we prepared
to go into this extravagant legislation when
the tariff has been reduced, when taxes have,
been reduced, when the necessary revenues
of the country have been lessened ? Are we
prepared to go into such an extravagant sys-
tem of expenditure as this will necessarily
impose on the country? It will not do. Are
Senators to say that if this bill passes there
will not be that expense? It may be and
doubtless will be that no expense will be
incurred for awhile; but, as I said, future
legislation undoubtedly will mete out equal
and exact justice to all the supervisors through-
out the whole length and breadth of the coun-
try. It will not give pay to those in cities of
over twenty thousand inhabitants and deny it
to others. It cannot be that the American
people would be insensible to their claims on
Congress. It cannot be that they would be
denied their rights when others had received
pay for the work they had done. It would
be wrong in principle. The result neces-
sarily would be that, so far from serving
without compensation-, it will impose 6n the
people of this country the payment of'taxes
amounting to eight or nine million dollars to
conduct every election that is held under the
provisions of this law. Aie we to pay all that?
I know there is not a plank in the platform
of our Republican friends recently adopted at
Philadelphia, as is usual in platforms, that
they are opposed to all extravagant legislation
and in favor of an economical administration
of the Government. This is in the platform
of every party; but it is true it has been
omitted by the Republican party at their re-
cent convention at Philadelphia. They have
not said whether they were in favor of or
against an economical administration of the
Government. I presume, however, it is their
intention to administer according to right and
justice so far as they can consistent with their
duties to reimburse those who are in office.
But can it be said that they liave omitted
that for the purpose ,of putting such, legisla-
tion as this before the country? I ask now, is
it the intention of the Senate of the United
States and of the House of Representatives
to put this burden on the people in addition
to the taxes they are already bearing ? If1 it
is, let us have it openly and manfully asserted
by this bill that they are to receive the same
