2600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20y
is not authorized by the act of March 3,1871,
as the amendment now stands, that being the
tenor of it, cannot be lawful. One that is
authorized is lawful. Therefore the word
"lawfully" is surplusage.
•_ Mr. THURMAN. I do not care anything
about it. I will make no objection if the Sen-
ator wants it out.
. Mr. CASSERLY. I wanted to satisfy the
judgment of the Senator himself on the sub-
ject.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly I do not con-
sider it necessary after the explanation that
has been given ; but I want some explanation
of a point I made yesterday in regard to this
whole amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
desires to ascertain whether he shall omit this
word "lawfully," or not.
Mr. THURMAN. I make no objection,
although I think we had better wait until the
Senator from Vermont, who moved it, comes in.
Mr. STEWART. I think that is within the
purview of what was done yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
served until the Senator from Vermont comes
in. The Senator from Ohio will continue his
remarks.
Mr. THURMAN. This company already
has a right to mortgage all the property con-
ferred upon it, either actually or contingently,
or acquirable by it actually or contingently, by
its charter. It already has that mortgaging
power. This bill proposes to modify the terms
upon which it might mortgage in its charter,
so that it-may in effect make but one mortgage
and secure that by all its lands. To that I have
no objection. That, I think, as the Senator
from Indiana and the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania yesterday expressed it, is a wise enough
' thing, and it might be done.
But this amendment proposed by the com-
mittee has a different object. It iu to author-
ize the company not simply to mortgage all
the property which is granted to it either
actually or contingently by ils charter, but to
mortgage the property that is granted actu-
ally or contingently to the roads that may con-
solidate with it. That might be right under
certain limitations as to the roads with which
it may consolidate ; but the poiut to which I
called the attention of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania yesterday, just when the Senate ad-
journed, and which he had no time to answer—•
perhaps lie may have had a satisfactory answer
to it—is that that property thus to be mort-
gaged will be mortgaged to secure the laud or
construction bonds mentioned in the original
charter of this Texas Pacific Company, and
the proceeds of those bonds the original
charter expressly declares shall be applied
only to the 'construction, equipment, and
operation of that load. Now, does he intend
that the grants which may have been made to
the other companies which are to be eon&ol
idated with this company, and made to those
other companies for the purpose of enabling
them to construct their roads, may be taken
for the purpose of constructing, equipping, and
operating this main line? Is not that a sheer
diversion of the grants, if there are any, made
for those other roads for the purpose for which
those grants were made ? 1 would like to have
some explanation.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to satisfy the Sen-
ator -from Ohio, and I will ask his attention
now to the explanation which I make, and I
think it will be entirely satisfactory. He will
remember that there was incorporated what
was called, I believe, the Memphis and El
Paso road. That road was an existing cor-
poration at the time the actof the 3d of March,
1871, was passed. It depended for its charter
and for its lands upon the legislation of the
State of Texas; and the principal purpose of
the fourth section to which reference has been
made authorizing consolidation was to author-
ize the corporation created by the act of
Congress to consolidate with that corporation
created by the Legislature of Texas, and that
the national corporation should thus acquire
all the lands granted, both by the act of Con-
gress for the construction of the road from the
western boundary of Texas to the Pacific and
the lands granted by the State of Texas to the
other road. Then the purpose was to author-
ize the national corporation to build a through
line of road from Marshall to San Diego, made
up of the line through Texas originally author-
ized to be built by the State corporation and
the line from that point west authorized by the
act of Congress. It being a continuous line,
when the lands acquired from Texas are
secured to this corporation, what harm is there
in applying the proceeds of the bonds secured
by mortgaging all the lands given to the cor-
poration to the completion of the whole line?
Now it is alleged that there are other lines
with which consolidation is to be effected. I
have looked carefully through this bill, at least
with all the care that my time would permit
me since yesterday evening, and I find that
the fourth section of the act of March, 1871, is
the one which authorizes consolidation, and it
reads thus; I will read the whole section, so
that there may be no doubt about it:
" That the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company
shall have power and lawful authority to purchase
the stock, land grants, franchises, and appurten-
ances of, and consolidate on such terms as may be
agreed upon between the parties, with any railroad
company or companies heretofore chartered by con-
gressional, State, or territorial authority, on the
route prescribed in the first section of this act; but
no such consolidation shall be with any competing
through-line of railroads to the Pacific ccean."
The power to consolidate is confined entirely
to companies previously authorized upon the
route which is authorized by this act, not with
companies everywhere. The fifth section then
follows, which provides:
"That the said company shall have power and
authority to make running arrangements with any
railroad company or companies heretofore char-
tered, or that may hereafter be chartered by con-
gressional, State, or territorial authority; also to
purchaso lands, or to accept donations, or grant of
lands or other property, from States or individuals,
for the purpose of aiding in carrying out the object
of this company."
The idea that has been inculcated from the
beginning of this discussion, that this company
had indiscriminate power to consolidate with
all roads wherever, is an erroneous idea. The
leading purpose of the act was to authorize
consolidation only upon the route of the line
authorized, and to give to all other roads run-
ning connections and prevent discrimination
m the rates of freight as against those con-
necting roads. 1 am not familiar with what
companies have been incorporated upon the
route of the road; for really, upon recalling
all that has occurred with reference to this
road, I know of none but the Texas road to
which reference has been already made.
There may be one or two small roads, but if
there are, 1 do not know where-they are.
Now I ask the Senator from Ohio again,
should there be any objection to applying the
proceeds of the lands thus acquired under
this section to any part of the road ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will wait until you get
through, and then answer.
Mr. SCOTT. That is the question pre-
sented. There are no other roads that I am
aware of that were chartered by congressional,
State, or territorial authority before this act
that have any grants of land. 1 do not know
that there are any. The Senator from Nevada,
who is more familiar with this railroad legis-
lation than I am, may be able to answer.
There may be roads in the southern portion
of California to which that description may
apply ; but if there are I do not know of their
existence. It is an imaginary difficulty that
is raised here as to the extent of this consol-
idating power.
Mr. STEWART. The extent of my inform-
ation is that there was a company incorporated
from San Diego to run on this line. It is on
the same line, and they are friendly to this
company and cooperate with them, and they
take an interest in this bill. Some persons
representing that company were here.
Mr. THUBMAN. That is the Pacific side.
Mr. SCOTT. But on the same line.
Mr. STEWART. On the Pacific side on
the same line.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, if I understand the
statement of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
it verifies the fear that I entertained, and I
think this is a matter to which the attention
of the Senator from Texas ought to be direct-
ed. Here was a corporation created, as we are
told, by the State of Texas, called the Mem-
phis and El Paso Railroad Company, and that
company, as I understand the statement, was
endowed largely by the State of Texas with a
land grant. Now, it is said that that company
and the company mentioned in this bill, the
Texas Pacific company, are to consolidate.
If they do consolidate, and you pass this bill
with this amendment of the committee, theu
every foot of land given by the State of Texas
to the Memphis and El Paso Railroad Com-
pany to build the railroad specified in its char-
ter may be diverted from that object, and used
by this company on the road near the Pacific
ocean.
Mr. SCOTT. No; the bill requires them
to commence at Marshall and proceed west-
wardly. It must be on the same line.
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose that to be the
case; I may be wrong in saying what I have,
but still I say it may be notwithstanding, be-
cause you may build your one hundred miles
at this end without touching those proceeds.
Mr. MORTON. It works just the other
way. The lands in the interior under the
operation of this bill are first to be applied to
the construction.
Mr. THURMAN. Not at all. The original
charter provides that the proceeds of these
land bonds and of these construction bonds
are to be applied to the construction, equip-
ment, and operation of the road mentioned
in the charter; that is, the Texas Pacific rail-
road. That is what is to be done with the
proceeds of all the mortgages that arc author-
ized by that charter, and all the property of the
company, whatever it may be, that is author-
ized to be mortgaged by that charter is to be
thus applied. Now, you propose to allow this
company to extend its mortgage over other
property ; but you do not change the provis-
ion that the proceeds of the mortgage shall be
applied as the original charter provides. The
consequence is that every dollar of the pro-
ceeds must be applied, unless you modify that
amendment, in the construction, equipment,
aud operation of the road between Marshall in
the State of Texas, and San Diego in the State
of California, and not one dollar of it can be
applied to the construction of any road be-
tween Dallas in Texas and Memphis in Ten-
nessee, on the route of the company originally
chartered by the Legislature of Texas; in
other words, if you pass this as the committee
have reported it, every acre granted by Texas
to build the particular road specified in the
Texas charter may be diverted from the pur-
pose for^ which it was applied in that State
and applied to another purpose.
Mr. STEWART, it cannot be done for
several reasons. One reason is that this bill
requires them to commence at Dallas, the
point where that grant was, and to build on
that line one hundred miles east. That is the
line the grant is made on. The next reason
is that they cannot get the Texas grant unless
they build that particular road.
Mr. THURMAN. It is very easy, it seems
to me, to answer both these propositions. In
the first place, I do not understand that the
eastern terminus of this Memphis and El Paso
road was Dallas.
Mr. SCOTT. Marshall.
Mr. THURMAN. Marshall is the eastern
terminus of the Texas Pacific road chartered
by us; but the eastern terminus of the Mem-
phis and El Paso road, chartered by the State,
