808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
are called, the men who read the Tribune,
are some of the strongest Republicans in
New York. They have learned from Horace
Greeley in years long gone_ by that Repub-
lican principles were the principles to be sus-
tained by the loyal people of the country,
and while they have been readers of the
Tribune, the very fact that tliey have read that
paper has so fixed them in their Republicanism
as that no one man can turn them from the
path of duty. The men -who have read the
Tribune—and there are a great many of them
in the State of New York who have read it all
along, year after year, during the last twenty
years—are the last men that will go over and
support a party whose record stands as does
that of our opponents. Or, in case sir, they
should abandon their old time-honored organ-
ization and take up some Republican and put
him upon the track, do you suppose it would
make any difference with the other Repub-
licans? I ask my friends on this side of the
House, would you vote for a Republican who
would accept a Democratic nomination sooner
than you would for Horatio Seymour, or even
Frank Blair himself? Why the very fact that
men have taught us correct doctrines, if they
should themselves turn their backs upon their
doctrines, I apprehend would make the Re-
publicans of New York see to it that they did
not get quite as many voles as they would have
done had they been out-and-out Democrats
all their days.
Then again, I would ask our friends on the
other side, suppose you should nominate a
Republican, or one who has been a Repub-
lican—and I should hardly think he could be
called a Republican who should accept their
nomination—in that case do you suppose you
could control the Democracy ? 1 have heard
Democrats say, •' If our organization is to be
abandoned and I am compelled to vote for
a. Republican, give me General Grant of
all Republicans that I know of." And why?
Because they remember with gratitude his
services to his country.
I repeat that you need expect no real trouble
from the men who read the Tribune. And I
predict right here that the morning after the
Philadelphia convention,when General Grant's
name shall be raised to the mast-head of other
papers, that that morning also you will find
his name floating at the mast-head of the Tri-
bune. Mr, Greeley cannot afford to turn his
paper over to the Democracy jU'ter the nom-
ination is made. Sir, the people of*the State
of New York, and I may say of this Union,
not only believe that General Grant has ren-
dered service to his country by the aid ho gave
in subduing the rebellion and preserving this
nation intact, but they believe more. They
believe that he has been a wise and prudent
President. Everything that was promised from
bis administration has been fulfilled, and more
too. The public credit has been sustained,
and every measure that was proclaimed as the
policy of the Republican party has exceeded
the expectations of the most sanguine Repub-
licans. And while they remember this, they
are quite satisfied to let well enough alone.
They are quite satisfied to take him as their
candidate again in 1872, and in doing so they
can refer .to the history of the last three years
as a guarantee of what may be expected in the
four years to come.
I design to say but a few words more on the
subject.of civil service reform, as it is called.
For one, I am ready to make a fair trial of the
new reform, but i" confess that I have not a
great deal of confidence in it. I confess that I
believe it would be very difficult to carry out
any reform in the manner contemplated, but
I am willing to give it a fair trial, and if it
succeed, very well. For one, ifl were to occupy
a position in this House for years to come,
which I do not expect to do, I should be very
willing to be relieved from the responsibility
of naming candidates for offices in my district.
I believe that if we should pass a tenure-of-
office bill, by which a man appointed to office
should be permitted to serve the term for which
he is commissioned, and should not be removed
exeeptforcause, it would relieve usfromagreat
deal of difficulty; but I am not prepared to say
that the opening of examinations to all within
the borders of .the Republic as candidates for
office is exactly the proper plan.
I never could find much fault with William
L. Marcy for proclaiming that " to the victors
belong the spoils of the vanquished." That
has been the doctrine of the country since the
days of Andrew Jackson, and must to a certain
extent be the doctrine of every party. We
know very well what our friends on the other
side of the House would do if they came into
power; and who would blame them for doing
it? If we open the civil service to examina-
tion, men of all stripes and hues of party may
come in for examination, and perhaps push
aside some worn-out soldier, maimed in his
country's service. If this system is to be car-
ried out, our Democratic friends will have the
same right to come in as any one else, and
place themselves on record for examination ;
and suppose they should, and that they should
happen to succeed in the coming contest—I
hardly think they believe they will—what con-
dition will they be in ? "Why, if they should
find all the Departments filled np with rebels,
or rebel sympathizers, they would be very
much embarrassed indeed to know what to do.
I do not desire to plaCe them in that position ;
I do not think they are in any danger of being
placed in it; but if they should come into
power they ought to be able to reap the benefit
of their victory by turning out Republicans
and putting in their own men.
Then, again, if some Republican or half Re-
publican, (1 do not know whether a kangaroo
would be at the head or the foot of the ticket,.)
what would he find? Why he would find men
aroundthese Departments, some of them one-
armed and some of them one-legged, who per-
haps, if required, to submit to an examination,
could not pass it. Their early education might
be a little defective. They might be able to
show their stumps; they might make good
doorkeepers, or good messengers, and per-
form many other duties, while they might not
bo able to pass a competitive examination.
Now, a Republican, elected by Democrats, if
he looked back to his past history, to his past
record to the party that made him all that he has
been, would be somewhat troubled what to do
in such a case. I believe there would be great
difficulty in all this; yet let us try the system
and see how it will work. I do not, for one,
-see how it will work; in the case of postmasters,
for instance. Why, there are a hundred men in
my village who could pass a good examina-
tion for postmaster, and perhaps the highest
selected might have the necessary qualifications
to keep his accounts all right, but his tempera-
ment might bo such that the people of the
locality would not desire him as postmaster.
The people of the locality want some one who,
if they inquire for a letter, will really go and
look for it, although ho knows it is not there.
He must be a good-natured man. I confess
I do not sec how this system will work, but if
it will work, let us give it a fair trial; and in
my humble judgment it will be substantially,
and to a great extent, a failure.
Mr. Speaker, I have occupied more time
than I expected to do when I arose in these
random remarks of mine; and but for the fact
that my name has been connected with the
investigation now going on in the city of New
York, I should not have said anything; yet I
felt it my duty to place myself right upon the
record so far as that question is concerned.
I predict now, as I have already done, that
the Republican party will go on triumphantly
as it has done in the past; that the principles
of the Republican party are the same now that
they have been; that they are as dear to the
Republicans now as in the past. I claim that
the Republican party has not fulfilled yet its
entire destiny or performed all its duties.
There are certain other measures to be carried
out; and allow me to mention one right here.
I will say that the supplemental civil lights bill
of Senator Sumner ought to pass this House,
and to pass soon. When we understand that
such a man as Frederick Douglass is denied
the privileges of the steamboat, or of the sleep-
ing-car, or of the Planters' Hotel of St. Louis
even, then it is time, when we claim equal
rights for all men, that we should look to it
and see that they all have their legal rights.
In speaking of rights I do not mean social
rights. The colored men in this country do
not themselves ask for equal social rights. All
that they ask is that when we have proclaimed
that they are equal before the law, when wo
have given them the ballot with which to pro-
tect themselves, they shall also be protected in
the public conveyances; for they are no more
to blame for being black than others are entitled
to credit for being white; for they have the
same God for their Creator that We have. And
when men talk about social equality and all
that, letme say to them,what many of them now
know full well, that this has no reference what-
ever to that question. They ask it not, nor do
I ask it for them.
But I say there are many other measures for
us to complete. We must go on and pay off
the public debt; we must bring our currency
up to a gold standard; we must make such
amendments to the tariff as shall be necessary
for the purpose of protecting the Government
as well as protecting the men who do the labor
of this country. There are various measures
that the Republican party are committed to,
and which I trust will be carried out. And i
believe that the people will trust them to carry
out those measures.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. DUNNELL next addressed the House
in relation to the proper disposition to be made
of the public lands. His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
NATIONAL EDUCATIONAL FUND.
Mr. WALLS. Mr. Speaker, my remarks
will be principally directed as in answer to the
remarks made by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. McIntyre,] who it appears was in oppo-
sition to the bill establishing a national educa-
tional fund as proposed by the Committee on
Education and Labor.
Thegentleman from Georgia, in his effort in
opposition to this bill, said that it was objec-
tionable because it interfered with State rights.
I quote him:
"The details of the original bill are objectionable
and ought to bo objectionable to every man who
feels any interest in his State government."
He then proceeded to tell us why the bill is
objectionable. I again quote him :
" Why do I say so ? Simply from the fact that by
the Constitution of the United States the powers of
legislation have been distributed. How distributed ?
All those which the people of the country desired
the Congress of the United States to exercise have
been ascertained and defined by the terms of the
Constitution, while all those powers which the peo-
ple desired should be prohibited to the States have
also been defined and set forth in the same instru-
ment. By the Constitution, all those powers which
have not been delegated to the Congress of the
United States, nor prohibited to the States, arc
reserved to the States themselves. Now, sir, since
the organization of the General Government under
which wo are legislating to-day it has always been
understood that, the power of regulating the common
schools belonged exclusively to the States; and X
am unwilling that Congress should take from the
States any of their reserved rights. The provisions
of the pending bill seek to vest the entire control of
this fund intho General Government without regard
to the will of the respective States."
If we did not understand those who keep up
this great clamor for State rights, we might be
constrained to believe as the gentleman from
Georgia, that no one had any interest in their
respective State governments but those who
duly warn us against the infringements upon
the rights of the States. But we understand
them. We know what the cry about State
rights means, and more especially when we
