1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons.... 2d Sess.
Maddox, Joseph M. Humphries. Fourth dis-
trict: George H. Southall, W. VV. Forbes.
Fifth district: William L. Cochran, Thomas
Whitehead. Sixth district: Moses Walton,
Jobu Letcher. Seventh district: Robert Y.
Conrad, ^ Hugh W. Sheffy. Eighth district:
Edgar Snowden, Mathew Harrison. Ninth
district: It. T. Bowen, James W. Sheffey.
west virgin [a.
At large: Henry K. List, James H. Brown,
J. N. Camden, Thomas Sweeney. First dis-
trict: Lewis Applegate, Jonathan M. Ben-
nett. Second district: Francis H. Pierpoint,
J. Nelson Wisner. Third district: William
A. Quarrier, J. M. McWhorter.
WISCONSIN.
At large: C. C. Washburne, Alexander
Mitchell, Tim. U. Howe, Charles A. Eldredge.
First district: J. J. Case, James H. Howe.
Second district: D. Hall, Joshua J. Guppey.
Third district: John Lawler, J. C. Halloway.
Fourth district: Angus Smith, D. W. Mason.
Fifth district: Charles Burchard, Joseph Vilas.
Sixth district: Andrew E. Elmore. Samuel
Hay. Seventh district: Dudley A. Spauldmg,
D. A. Baldwin. Eighth district: Thad. C.
Pound, Walter D. Molndo.
WASHINGTON.
Selucius Garfielde, Toussant Mesplie.
WYOMING.
William A. Carter, John A. Campbell.
Sec. 2. That the said corporation skill have
authority and is hereby empowered to secure
subscriptions of capital stock to an amount not
exceeding ten million dollars, to be divided
into shares of ten dollars each, and to issue to
the subscribers of said stock certicates therefor
under the corporate seal of said corporation,
which certificates shall bear the signature of
thepresideutand treasurer, and be transferable
under such rules and regulations as may be
made for the purpose. And it shall be lawful
for any municipal or other corporate body
existing by or under the laws of the United
States to subscribe and pay for shares of said
capital stock, and all holders of said stock shall
become associates in said corporation, and
shall be entitled to one vote on each share;
and it shall be the duty of the VJnitcd States
centennial commission to prescribe rules to
enable absent stockholders to vote by proxy.
The proceeds of said stock, together with the
receipts from all other sources, shall be used
by said corporation for the erection of suitable
buildings, with their appropriate fixtures and
appurtenances, and for all other expenditures
required in carrying out the objects of the said
act of Congress of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, and which may be inci-
dent thereto. And the said corporation shall
keep regular minutes of its proceedings, and
full accounts, with the vouchers thereof, of ail
the receipts and expenditures, and the same
shall be always open to the inspection ot
the United States centennial commission, or
any member thereof.
Seu. o. 'That books of subscription shall be
open by the United States centennial com-
mission, under such rules as it may prescribe,
and an opportunity shall be given, during a
period of one hundred days, to the citizens of
each State and Territory, to subscribe for stock
to an amount not exceeding its quota, accord-
ing to its population, alter which period of one
hundred days, stock not taken may be sold to
any person or persons or corporation willing
to purchase the same.
Seu. 4. That after the expiration of said
period of one hundred days, the United States
centennial commission shall issue a call for a
meeting, by publication in one or more news-
papers published at the capita! of each State
and Territory, not less than thirty days prior
thereto, of the corporators and others who
may then have subscribed for stock, to be held
in the city of Philadelphia, for the purpose of
electing a board of directors, to consist of
twenty-five stockholders, whose term of office
shall be one year, and until their successors
shall have been qualified; at which meeting
those who may be present in person or by
proxy, of whom one hundred shall constitute
a quorum, shall be competent to organize and
elect said officers. The said board of di-
rectors, and every subsequent board, shall be
chosen by the stockholders, out of a list of one
hundred stockholders, selected and nominated
by the United States centennial commission.
Nine members of the board of directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business, but no election or change of officers
shall take place unless at a meeting of the
board of directors, at which a majority shall
be present.
Sec. 5. That the said board of directors
shall elect, from its own number, a president
and two vice presidents, whose term of office
shall be one year, and until their successors
shall have been duly qualified, and shall ap-
point a treasurer, a secretary, and such other
officers as may be required to carry out the
purposes of the corporation, which elected and
appointed officers shall hold their respective
offices during the pleasure of the board, re-
ceiving such compensation as the board may
prescribe; and the board shallalso adopt such
by-laws, rules, aud regulations, for its own
government, and for the government of its
officers, as may be deemed expedient: Pro-
I videdf That the same shall not be inconsistent
with any act of Congress or the rules adopted
by the United States centennial commission.
Sec. 6. That as soon as the board of direct-
ors shall have been duly organized, as pro-
vided for in section five of this act, it shall be
the duty of the United States centennial com-
mission to deliver to the said board all stock
subscription books, with the papers and records
of any kind in its possession, pertaining to the
same.
Sec. 7. That the grounds for the exhibition
shall be prepared and the buildings erected by
the said corporation in accordance with plans
which shall have been previously adopted by
i the United States centennial commission,
aud the rules aud regula<ions of said corpora-
! tion, governing rates for "entrance" and
"admission'' fees, or otherwise affecting the
rights, privileges, or interests of the exbibit-
; ors, or of the public, shall be fixed and estab-
i lished by the United States centennial com-
mission; aud no grant conferring rights or
privileges of any description connected with
the said grounds or buildings, or relating to
said exhibition or celebration, shall be made
without the consent of the United States cen-
| tennial commission, and said commission shall
have power to coutrol, change, or revoke all
such grants, and shall appoint all judges and
examiners, and award alt premiums.
Sec. 8. That the centennial board of finance
shall have authority to issue bonds, not in
excess of its capital stock, and secure the
payment of the same, principal aud interest,
by mortgage upon its property and prospective (
income. , ;
Sec. 9. That it shall be_the duty ot the See- !
retary of the Treasury of the United States. ;
as soon as practicable after the passage ot this j
act, to cause to be prepared, in accordance |
with a design approved by the United S'ates
centennial commission and the Secretary ot
the Treasury, a sufficient number of certifi-
cates of stock to meet the requirements or ^
this act: and any person found guilty of coun- <
terfeiting, or attempting to counterfeit, oi
knowingly circulating false certificates ot
stock, herein authorized, shall be subject ti-
the same pains and penalties as are orm,i\ I1"
provided by law for counterfeiting Umteu
States currency; but nothing in this act shall
be so construed as to create any liability of
the United States, direct or indirect, for any
debt or obligation incurred, nor for any claim,
by the centennial international exhibition, or
the corporation hereby created, for aid or pe-
cuniary assistance from Congress or the Treas-
ury ot the United States, in support or liquid-
ation of any debts or obligations created by
the corporation herein authorized: And pro-
vided, That nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to override or interfere with the
laws of any State; and ail contracts made in
any State for the purposes of the centennial
international exhibition shall be subject to the
laws thereof: Aiul provided further, That no
member of said centennial board of finance
assumes any personal liability for any debt or
obligation which may be created or incurred
by the corporation authorized by this act.
Sec. 10. That as soon as practicable after
the said exhibition shall have been closed, it
shall be the duty of said Corporation to con-
vert its property into cash, and, after the pay-
ment of all its liabilities, to divide its remain-
ing assets among its stockholders, pro rata, in
full satisfaction and discharge of its capital
stock. And it shall be the duty of the United
States centennial commission to supervise
the closing up of the affairs of said corpora-
tion, to audit its accounts, and submit, in a
report to the President of the United States,
the financial results of the centennial exhibi-
tion.
Sec. 11. That the commission created by
the act referred to in the preamble of this act
is hereby made and constitued a body politic
and corporate in law, with power to do such
acts, and enter iuto such obligations, as may
be promotive of the purposes for which such
commission was established. Its title shall be
the United States centennial commission. It
shall have a common and corporate seal, and
possess all the rights incident to corporate
existence.
Sec. 12. That the alternate commissioners
appointed pursuant to section four of- the act
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, referred to in the preamble to
this act, shall have all the powers of a com-
missioner when the commissioner is not present
at any meeting. When the commissioner is
present the alternate may participate in the
debates and serve on committees, but shall
have no vote. The appointment of all com-
missioners and alternate commissioners made
since March third, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-fvo, are hereby ratified and confirmed :
and all vacancies now existing, or which may
hereafter exist, whether by death, resignation,
removal from the State or Territory, or other-
wise, shall be filled, at any time hereafter, in
like manner as is provided in said act of March
third, eighteen hundred and_ seventy-one, for
the appointment of commissioners.
Sec. 18. That it shall be the duty of the
United States centennial commission to make
reports, from time to time, to the President
of the United States, of the progress of the
work, and in a final report present a full ex-
hil'it of t li" result of the United States cen-
tennial celebration and exhibition of eighteen
htt'iih". d and seventy-six^
A rrtiovLD, June 1, 1872.
C'.kp. CCLX.—An Act in relation to the Con-
st mction of a New Jail for the District of
• Columbia.
Ijc if f>< ade<l by the Senate a nd House of Rq>-
of the lrnilcd iStaies of America in
C.ioi,/■>">■>• ui-stiiMcd, That the Secretary ot the
l t"iior, the chit'l' justice of thesupreme court
of the I>istiH'tof Columbia, and the Governor
ci *;;id District are hereby created a board of
c<Hi;u)ihsiouerS; with full power to carry out
