1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3497
great advantages that this city is destined to.
This being the ease, a mighty city will grow
up here, reaching perhaps to millions, with a
mighty manufacturinginterest on the Potomac,
Upon both sides of the river, and there is no
telling what the great destiny of this proud
city may be if properly fostered. The case is
almost beyond the comprehension of man.
Sir, much is said by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Maryland as to what will be the
result if this bill should pass. " Why," said
he, "if this bill pass I notify you Senators on
this occasion that when other propositions are
submitted I will go for them." Well, I am
gratified to see that there is a possibility of
convincing the gentleman of his error. If he
will do so, perhaps he will do very well. So
far as I am concerned, " sufficient unto the
. day is the evil thereof," and if those measures
are presented while I am here I shall canvass
them; and if I find the propositions meritori-
ous, I will support them; otherwise I will not.
I am under no pledge in advance, but upon
broad principles I am almost invariably found
on the side of railroads. I love to hear them
spoken of, and at some not distant day, and I
hope after this bill shall be passed to see rail-
roads increase and multiply till they shall
cover my own State like a net-work.
I am opposed to the amendments. I want
to have the bill passed clean and neat as its
movers desire; and right here on that branch
of the subject I wish to say a word in regard
to a remark of my distinguished friend, the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tiiohman,] who is
always clear, and I can understand him. He
does not speak so loud that I cannot hear him,
[laughter,] but I understand him. He says
upon this occasion that there is not a propo-
sition to pay one dime for this property; that
it is a gratuity bestowed upon the parties in
interest. Iadmitit; I accede to the proposition
of the Senator, because so far as dollars and cents
are immediately concerned between the high
contracting parties, he is literally correct; but
what are the facts growing out of it? Let us look
to them a little, and see whether really the Gov-
ernment of the United States is to be injured
by this grand enterprise—by this clear and
unequivocal gift, if you please. I maintain that
she will not be. Why? In the first place, it
cannot be supposed that the Government from
her stand-point could afford to go into the mar-
ket to sell out railroad depots, or anything of
that kind ; but in her might, in her power, and
through the wisdom of her representatives, as
I hold, she can act very differently ; and under
this bill, what is proposed?
The bill speaks for itself. It says this rail-
road depot and everything pertaining to it
shall be subject to taxation just as all the
property owned by the citizens of this great
city. That being the case, I maintain plainly
and unequivocally that there is not only a val-
uable consideration if there were an absence
of all other considerations, but a very power-
ful one in a pecuniary point of view. Not for
a year or two will it amount to any consider-
able sum; but I am not speaking for a few
weeks or a few years; I am speaking for a
thousand, I hope. Then look to the taxation
that this depot will annually pay. And what
is the money received to be appropriated to?
One of the most wise appropriations that could
be conceived of or made by man; that is to
say, this money shall be a perpetual fund to
school the children of this mighty city for all
time to come. Could there be anything more
substantial ? There is nothing known to man,
in my humble opinion, that could present a
more sound consideration than the literal
language the bill presents on this occasion.
Who is it that can raise successfully an issue
with that proposition ? I meet the proposition
and invite attention to it.
It has been said here that th's property per-
haps would be worth some two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
' Fk&NAG-AN. Certainly, sir.
i - ^ Will the Senator carry
out his logic, and give away La Fayette square,
and Judiciary square, and Scott square, and
rrunklm square, to any corporation or person
that will ptiy taxes on them ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. The question is easily
answered. I am gratified that ray friend has
asked it. I will give him an anecdote by way
of. illustrating* A number of years ago there
was a millionaire, the first, I believe, that
Amferica could boast of, Stephen Girard
There was an agent of some religious denom
ination—I know not what one, I am a lover of
them all—who presented his petition, begging
Mr. Girard for a contribution to build a church.
He examined it; wrote down "$1,000," and
the party retired very thankful. In- a very
short time there was another denomination
wishing to do the like. Th« agent of that con-
cern'presented his petition; Mr. Girard took
it, looked at it, and wrote " $500." But, said
the agent, "Mr. Girard, I don't think you
have treated me well, sir." "In what?"
inquired Mr. Girard. " Why," said he, "yoa
gave to such a gentleman the other day for a
church for their denomination $1,000, and you
only give us $500." "Ah. yes 1 " said Mr.
Girard ; "just give me your paper again, if
you please, sin" He handed it to him ; with
what belief? The idea forced itself upon him
that he was going to get a thousand ; but Gir-
ard simply erased the $500, and gave him the
paper back blank, and he got nothiug. Now
you have the answer. I say sufficient it is
when those propositions present themselves to
act on them. 1 am giving none of these squares
away now; this relates to one site, and that is all.
Mr. THU11MAN. Now will the Senator
allow.me a word?
Mr. FLANAGAN. If you please, let me
go on. I shall be through directly. I bef
my friend not to say anything more to me.
because he talks so long and so kindly that I
do not like to have anything to do with him.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I have very briefly presented
some of my views in a rough manner. All
the time I am thinking about that clock ; it
admonishes me that I ought to have stopped
even before this time. But there is one thing
that I desire to call the attention of the Senate
to. This is no ordinary proposition. It is no
ordinary consideration when you look to the
contracting parties. The United States Gov-
ernment in its power, in its intellect, in every-
thing that1 pertains to greatness, can well
afford to do that which is asked of it upon this
occasion. To the United States Government
it is a pittance.
But I was about to say a few minutes ago,
when my attention was called off by the
Senator from Ohio, that I was willing to
admit the proposition of him or some other
Senator who had spoken of this matter, that
the property was worth some two or three
hundred thousand dollars. The only opposi-
tion I should present on that point was that it
was not worth a million. Just extend it; I
take the question broadly and do not deny it,
and will admit even that it is worth a million
dollars, as it no doubt will be at a very early
period after going into the hands of this com-
pany; and then the taxes would be so much
greater-. That is what we are after. ^ The
taxes are what we want. Take it at a million,
five millions if you like, and the city of Wash-
ington is made rich thereby directly. That is
the point precisely.
Then there is another thing I want. It has
occurred to me, having heard this argument,
very pleasantly, too, that we speak proudly of
the proud edifice that we are in. Well may
we do so, and when citizens come from
Europe and the various portions of this proud
nation, what are your mighty curiosities at
the nation's capital? They are frequently in-
vited to go to the navy-yard; they go down
to Mount Vernon; they ride to the various
places; they go to the Smithsonian ; they go-
to the fine gardens. But there is nothing that
satisfies the mind of oue single Senator or en-
lightened citizen of the city of Washington
They have not reached that point yet that we
can excel other nations except in the Capitol
and a few surroundings connected with it. I
want to see at this proud and happy day, this
day of progress—not such,a one as was alluded
to, not such a one as we would soon see if
Democracy, either hatched out at Cincinnati
or brought into existence in Baltimore, in a
short period was to come into power, because
that would take retrogade steps—I want to
see railroads and internal improvements of
every description pushed forward. I wish to
act now while we have it in our power, for
accidental shots do occasionally come. I must
admit it would be an entire accident if they
were to succced. I have no fear of it seriously
yet, but I do notlikeaguu even loaded pointed
at me, whether it has any cap on it or not. I
waut. bu idea oarried out here, and I hope to
live to see its realization at an early day.
I want to see here the grandest and most
completeand magnificentrailroad depotknown
to man, one which we can show with pride to
visitors from all countries as a proud monu-
ment of the great city of the nation, the depot
of the celebrated road l hat we are now speaking
of. it will do no injury, butletilbebuihupside
by side the great Capitol, and be the mighty
curiosity and the pride of the nation. When it
is done, what would I propose? It has occurred
to me in hearing this great subject canvassed
that it would be proper to have somewhere in
thatgreat building, proper niches where room
could be found advantageously for presenting
to the public view representations of the great
benefactors of the human race who have
achieved such renown for our country. There
would be no difficulty in the talented gentle-
man who is conducting this proud enterprise
in finding a suitable spot. I would like to see
the statue of the Father of his Country, Wash-
ington, have a position in that proud erection.
1 would not rest there. 1 would then have
another one hard by, so that the mind of the
citizen, from whatever foreign nation, might
be presented to it, and the minds of those
who are to grow up in hundreds of ytars to
come should be pointed to it. Likewise
that of Franklin. The next I would present
would be that of Fulton. The next would be
him whose name I loved politically, and as a
friend in every other sense of the word, until
the day of his death, and whose memory I lovo
to-night, and it is in direct keeping with this
great depot, to wit, the father of internal im-
provements, Henry Clay. I would stand his
statue there, too. I would not stop there. I
would have there a memorial ofMorse, whose
death a few days ago was mourned by the
whole nation in concert, and whose dirge was
sung in every laud in unison by means of that
great electric current which he first applied to
the transmission of intelligence. I would want
the statue of the illustrious hero of the Appo-
mattox apple-tree, who fought the battles of
his country, and kept sacred and secure lor
ages to coine the city of Washington that is
now so kindly proposed to be taken in charge
by my friend from Maryland. I would not
stop there. One more I would have at least.
I would like to include several; but certainly
I would like to include my friend who sita
smiling before me, (Mr. Vice President
Colfax,) I would like to crown the whole and
harmonize it throughout with the name of the
proud champion of American internal im-
provements to wit, Thomas A. Scott of Penn-
sylvania. Let all those proud statues stand
there, representative and illustrative of that
proud depot that should excel anything known
to man touching internal improvements, and
