2602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the indebtedness.or other.legal obligations of
the company with which they consolidated,
have thereby become under any legal obliga-
tions to build the road. It seems to me so.
Mr. SCOTT. They will not get the lands
until they build it.
•Mr. THURMAN. They cannot get the
lands until they build it. That is very true if
the Texas act is as is assumed here, but how
that is I do not know.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I can say to
the Senator that the receiver of the El Paso
company has now a suit pending in the Su-
preme Court of the United States for the lands
granted to that company. The company ob-
tained a judgment in the circuit court of the
United States in Texas against the State of
Texas for, I suppose, eight or nine million
acres of land. That suit is now pending in
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
the company has not built one solitary mile
of road.
Now Senators tell me that these things can-
not be done, that you cannot mortgage the
land and take it away from the State of Texas
without her consent, without building the
road ; but we see that it has been attempted,
and I am afraid the attempt will be success
fill. I apprehend that the company will gain
that suit in the Supreme Court of the United
States. That is my judgment, because of the
manner in which it has been foreclosed, by
the way in which the case was presented in
the court below,
Mr. President, I have here an act passed
by the Legislature of Texas, the last one on
this subject. It is in regard to the land sub-
sidies granted to the two companies; first to
the Trans-Continental, which passes directly
over the ground occupied originally by the
Memphis and El Paso road, and then to the
Southern Pacific, which passes over the ground
occupied by this line, the thirty-second par-
allel line. In the acts to which this is an
amendment the two companies wera required
to unite at a point east of the Trinity river, I
Should think tour hundred and fifty miles from
ihebeginningpoint, both roads runningthrough
a very fine section of country and starting about
a degree of latitude apart. Now this amend-
atory act proposes to oblige the Southern
Pacific ltailroad Company to meet the other
at the town of Dallas. It does not mention
the town of Dallas; I do not think it would
have passed the Legislature if it had been
publicly known what the object of the amend-
ment was; but, it says, " Within three miles
of the junction of the Clear and West forks
of the Trinity river." We know where that
is. Then again it says: "crossing the Hous-
ton and Texas Central within one mile of
Bronder's Spring." I do not suppose there
is one man in a thousand in that region of
country who knows where Bronder's Spring is;
but from information it is said to be about a
mile from the town of Dallas. It, is hy enact-
ments of that sort that these things are at-
tempted to be carried.
Now, mark you, Mr. President, if this
amendment prevails as recommended by the
committee and asked for by the company, they
are authorized to operate under this charter
granted by Congress, and then take all the
privileges and all the rights guarantied to the
Texas companies. They may take their choice
of companies, just as many companies as they
may make arrangements with or buy out;
they may make their election as to the charter
under'which they will operate.
After the passage of the bill in Texas to
which I have referred, it became necessary to
have this charter changed so as to conform to
it; and that is the difficulty I understand now
in the way of building the road. They tell me
the great difficulty is that the Texas charter
requires that the roads shall unite at Dallas,
and this one is confined to the thirty-second
parallel, and hence the conflict. Now, the main
object of this bill in regard to the change of
line is to get the Southern Pacific railroad
changed to the town of Dallas, which takes it
fully a degree out of its course. I have a map
here which can be referred to. It is about
sixty or seventy miles, according to my recol-
lection.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the attention of
the Senators who have this bill in charge to an
amendment which I have drawn up, to which
I think there can be no possible objection', and
which will remove all difficulty about this point
and will allow this company, after the roads
chartered to be made by these other companies
according to their charter shall have been
made, if there be any surplus lands or effects,
to mortgage them. It is to secure, in the first
place, the application of those grants to the
purpose for which they were made, to wit, the
construction of the railroads provided for in
those particular charters of the States or by
whomsoever the charters were granted. Its
object is to secure that and to limit the mort-
gaging power of this Texas and Pacific rail-
road to the surplus that may remain after those
purposes are fulfilled. It is admitted on all
handsthat the grants made ought to be applied
for the purposes for which they were made,
and not diverted to this purpose. If that be
done, I should have no further objection. The
amendment that I offer is to add at the end of
the second section the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
be construed to authorize a diversion of any lands,
money, or other properly or effects of any ro.ul con-
solidating with said Texas and Pacific Railroad
Company froux the purpose for which such lands,
money, or other propeity or effects were granted to
such consolidating company,'until the said purpose
shall have been fulfilled.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not see any objection to
that.
Mr. THURMAN. That will make it right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore
man in the chair.) If there be no objection,
that amendment will be regarded as accepted.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that that will defeat the
purpose of this section in this way: if that
amendment means that these lands thus ac-
quired shall not be mortgaged by this Texas
and Pacific company until after the original
work of the consolidating company shall have
been completed, then they are to hold these
lands until after the time when they want to
mortgage them to raise the money. Now, it
has been shown that if these lands are allowed
to be included in the single mortgage this com-
pany contemplates making, it is to be done
upon the express condition that the funds to
be derived shall first be applied to the original
work as contemplated by the act of the Legis-
lature of Texas, as the case may be. There
is no possible danger in letting it stand as it
is. The money cannot be diverted from its
original purpose. But the effect of thigamend-
ment, if it means what I suppose it is intended
to mean, is that they shall not be included in
the mortgage until after the original work is
completed, and then perhaps it will be too
late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is not, strictly
in order. It is not an amendment to the pend-
ing amendment. He proposes to insert it at
the end of the section, which is not a part of
the pending amendment, and therefore it is
not in order.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I shall offer it
presently, but we may as well discuss it now.
I wish to put it to the Senator from Indiana,
does he want to give this Texas and Pacific
company the right to mortgage property when
it cannot use the proceeds of the mortgage of
that property ? He surely does not want to
do that. We have been told all the while that
there is no danger in this at all, because if the
company should mortgage the property it could
not use the proceeds without having built the
road ; in other words, that it must use the
proceeds in building the road. That depends
upon this Texas charter, which we have not
before us. The whole object of my amend'
ment is to secure that, to insure that the pro-
ceeds of the grants by the State of Texas shall
be applied to the building of the Texas road,
and, if there are other grants in regard to
other roads made by other States, that they
shall in like manner be applied. There is nc
concealment about this thing. There is no
trap in it. It is just a plain, honest provision
to preveat the grant from being diverted from
the purpose for which it was made. That is
all there is of it, and I cannot conceive why
it should be opposed.
If this , or.ipany is to make a mortgage upon
that grant, then this amendment wiH simply
explain that mortgage, so that the mortgagee
will know that he can take under that mort-
gage only subject to this condition, that it is
to be applied in this particular way ; but I do
not think he ought to take any mortgage upon
it at all until the original purpose for which
the grant was made shall have been fulfilled.
Mr. MORTON. I want to make a remark
in reply to the Senato'r.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This dis-
cussion is not in order. The amendment- of
the Senator from Ohio is out of order at this
time. The question is on the amendment of
the committee to the second section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by adding after
the word " consolidation " certain words which
I have shown to the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, and which I also have reason
to believe, unless I have greatly misunderstood
the fact, are in conformity to the wishes, or at
least satisfactory to the people who are inter-
ested in and are promoting this bill and this
line which 1 want to see built. The amend-
ment is to add after the word •' consolidation ''
these words:
And all such land=; of every description shall be
subject to all ]imita,tions and conditions kdw by law
existing in relation thereto; and this act shall not
be construed to revive, enlarge, extend, or create any
land grant whatever; and all such mortgages shall
be subject to all the conditions and limitations by
law existing in respect to such lands, and shall not
be held to vest any title in the mortgagee or create
any lien on such lands other than such company
shall be from time to time lawfully entitled to.
That is, to give plain notice to the borrow-
ers of this money, so that there shall be no
misunderstanding, that their rights are de-
pendent upon the performance by the company
of the conditions upon which these land grants
are made, and I am sure that ought to be sat- '
isfactory to all honest men, and I have no
doubt the promoters of this line are honest;
and, as I say, I have reason to believe that
that is precisely what they are willing to have
said plainly, because all say that is what they
want to do.
Mr. CASSERLY. I' wish the Secretary
would read the last clause of the amendment
again. I think it is somewhat obscure.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And all such mortgages shall be subject to all the '
conditions and limitations by lawexistingin respect
to such lands, and shall not be held to vest any title
in the mortgagee or create any lien upon such lands
other than such company shall be from time to time
lawfully entitled to.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that the
clause commencing at the word "other" to
the end of the amendment is not explicit
enough, and certainly I do not precisely under-
stand in what way it strengthens, or indeed con-
sists with the rest of the amendment, which I
heartily agree to. It seems to me that what
the author of the amendment must have in-
tended was that there should be no right
acquired under a mortgage inconsistent with
or larger than those " conditions and limita-
tions" would permit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; that is plainly
what is meant; and that is plainly what is
said, only it uses other words. The language
is : " other than such company shall be from
time to time lawfully entitled to." I used
that phraseology at the suggestion of my friend
from Pennsylvania, different a little from what
