1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2%m
Iliad used myself, in order to have it plainly
appear in that statement, as I wish it should,
that the company may mortgage all its incho-
ate rights ; that is to say, it is not entitled to
these lands by law which Texas has granted,
if you please, except upon certain conditions,
that itshall build so much road from time to time,
whatever it may be ; and so of what we have
granted. Now I am entirely willing that this
company should mortgage, and it is proper
that it should, I think, whatever right it has to
those lands, subject on the part of the com-
pany and on the part of the creditor who lends
the money, as between them and the public,
that the company shall carry out the stipulations
it has entered into, and if it. does not, then
they do not get the land 5 and so I use the words
" from time to time become lawfully entitled
to," in order to show that as the act provides
that they may from time to time become law-
fully entitled to lands to which they are not
now at this moment lawfully entitled, because
they have not performed the conditions, the
mortgage shall cover all those inchoate rights
and not go beyond ; so that the creditors will
not come back to us and say, "You, gentle-
men of Congress, have authorized this specific
mortgage, and in it you have said nothing
about your old conditional reserved rights of
having performance, and therefore we have a
right to the land whether the company has
performed or not." That is not what these
gentlemen ask for, if I understand it, and it
certainly is not right. Nobody would think
of allowing a mortgage on landsof the United
States, except where those lauds are to be
devoted to this purpose, and if they are not
devoted to this purpose and the road built,
then the lands are still to belong to the United
States.
Mr. SCOTT. The purpose of the Senator
from Vermont is to make explicit, as I under-
stand it, what is already understood to be the
existing law with reference to these lands;
that is, that the company by executing a mort-
gage shall vest no greater right or title in the
mortgagee thau it is itself at the time of execut-
ing the mortgage possessed of, or may there-
after, by complying with the conditions, from
time to time become entitled to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, that is it.
Mr. SCOTT. The only suggestion which
strikes me after hearing it read at the desk is
that the language perhaps might need to be so
altered as to convey this idea: that the existing
rights at the time of the execution of the mort-
gage shall be absolutely vested in the mort-
gagee, the rights to the extent they are then
acquired and such lights as shall thereafter be
from time to time acquired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then say "is or may
become lawfully entisledto." That would do
it without any question. I will make that
modification with pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. From a pretty large ex-
perience in drafting railroad mortgages,! sug-
gest to my friend from Pennsylvania to be
very careful how he puts in there "shall be
vested in the mortgagee." In every one of
these cases the railroad company is compelled
to reserve the right to sell the lands, if you
vest them absolutely in the mortgagee, the
company may be deprived of the power to
turn these very lands into money. In every
case of a railroad mortgage of large bodies
of land like this the Senator will find there is
a reservation of the right under certain cir-
cumstances to sell the land, the proceeds to
be placed to the credit of the mortgage as a
security.
Mr. SCOTT. It would be inconsistent with
the terms of this provision" to prohibit the sale,
because the purpose is to authorize the sale in
order to raise the money.
Mr. MORTON. I think the whole amend-
ment is unnecessary.
Mr. SCOTT. I think so, too, hut it is to
make clear what we all understand to be the
law.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator, from Vermont.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
reported when it is put into shape.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have modified the
amendment at the suggestion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and also of the Senator
from California, so as to relieve it from doubt
on these words. I will read that part of the
clause:
And all such mortgages shall bo subjeot to all
conditions and limitations by law existing: in l-espect
to such lands, and shall not be held to vest any titlo
in the mortgagee or create any lien on such lands
other than such company is or may become lawfully
entitled to vest or create.
That is, lawfully entitled to vest a title or
create a lien upon.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
as modified.
Mr. THURMAN. It seems to me that is
only leaving the obscurity just as it is. We
want to say that they are not lawfully enti-
tled to createany lien except upon the inchoate
title the company has, and which can only
become perfect by its compliance; and now if
I understand that amendment as it is read, it
simply says that they may create a lien upon
such title as they lawfully have, without saying
what it is. It seems to me to lead to just
exactly the construction we deprecate.
Mr. MORTON. If the amendment can have
any effect at all, it will be an effect that is not
anticipated. It is not necessary to pass a law
that a mortgagor cannot mortgage any greater
interest than ho has. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted, because if it is to have
any effect at all, it must be an effect that is not
anticipated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana a question, if lie will be good
enough to listen to me. I wish to ask him to
tell the Senate whether he means to leave it
open to any doubt as to what shall be the rights
of the United States, and the State of Texas,
if you please, or the United States alone, as
between it and the people to whom this mort-
gage may be made, respecting the right to
these lands if this company shall fail to con-
form to the conditions which the law has im-
posed upon them in respect to creating a right
to those lands in them?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly I would not leave
any doubt, and I do not think there is any.
Wnat I said was, if that amendment is to have
any different effect from the law as it now
stands under the charter, it must be an effect
that is not anticipated or stated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not desire it to have
any different effect from what the law is as it
now stands under the charter; but here we
are passing a second and additional law, which
is later than the charter, and it is perfectly in
our power if we desire to do so, and say so in
the act, to throw up these lands altogether, and
say they may have them, and do what they please
with them, and build no road, is it not ? I had
supposed it was within the legislative power in
a later act, which was to supersede a former
one, to waive some condition which existed in
the former one. I have had that impression.
If I am wrong the Senator from Indiana will
correct me; but that is what I have been taught
about legislation.
Now, we are passing a fresh act giving this
company fresh and new and different rights in
respect to executing mortgages upon these
lands. The language which is used m this bill
does not say one way or the other, in terms,
what effect these mortgages are to have upon
the lands which have thus been conditionally
granted, but it does say, without any limitation
or qualification, that they may mortgage all
these lands of every desciiption ; and then it
says in the next section that those mortgages
shall be effectual to convey all thg rights and
property of the company as therein expressed ;
that is to say, that whatever the mortgage may
say is conveyed shall be conveyed. If the
mortgage therefore says we absolutely convey,
these lands which are described, subject to the
payment of the money only, then the law steps
in, according to this bill, and says they are ab-
solutely conveyed. I say that raises a great
doubt at any rate as to what these creditors
will understand this law to mean? whether we
have waived our rights or not. It is to euro
this doubt and to express in terms that we
intend to hold to the original conditions, and
that they must take their security subject to
the original conditions, that I offer this amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the com-
mittee as amended.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Imovetoamend
the amendment, in the thirteenth line, by strik-
ing out the words "any arrangement or pur-
chase or" and substituting the word "the."
It now reads as follows:
And all or any portion of the lands acquired by
any arrangement or purchase or terms of consolid-
ation with any railroad company, &o.
It will then read:
And all or any portion of the lands acquired by
the terms of consolidation with any railroad com-
pany, &c.
The policy of the Government has been
that nobody shall own lands except the set-
tlers. It is not the purpose of this company
to become a land company.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that amendment
is right.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As the section
now reads it would be a very strong intend-
ment that they had a right to hold land by
purchase. I believe the amendment which I
offer is not objectionable to the promoters of
the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not see any objection
to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is another
amendment in the sixteenth line to which I
called the attention of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and I think he suggested a modifica-
tion which I have not got. The amendment,
which occurred to me as being proper, was to
strike out the words " previous to any such
arrangement or consolidation," and to insert
"previous to the 1st, of July, 1872." There
was some other modification that the Senator
from Pennsylvania suggested.
Mr. SCOTT. I suggested, for the purpose
of meeting the objection which the Senator
from Ohio and others made, that there was
no limitation of time for the operation of this
provision, instead of saying the 1st of July,
1872, to say -'previous to any such arrange-
ment or consolidation, and within the time
limited for the completion of the road," which
is ten years.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is that ac-
ceptable to the committee?
Mr. SCOTT. That is acceptable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there he
110 objection, the amendment of the committee
as originally reported will be so modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to
the Senator from New Jersey whether the
word "purchased," in the seventeenth line,
ought not to be stricken out to make it con-
form to the amendment made in the thirteenth
line?
Mr. SCOTT. The word "purchased," in
the twelfth line, refers to the purchase by this
company, but in the seventeenth line it refers
to purchases that may have been made by the
companies with which it is consolidated prior
to that, time. I do not think it is necessary to
strike that out to make it accord with the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey.
