1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
ents, while by pursuing an opposite course they
would bring upon themselves reproach. Self-
interest and duty unite in urging them to be
faithful to those who clothed them with author-
ity and who can take it from them.
The present method keeps the appointments
near the people and within their control, as
they should be. I do not know in what prac-
ticable way the thousands of officials in the
different departments and branches of the
Government could be brought more directly
under their influence. If the Representative
does not recommend fit and properpersons, at
the end of two years they can select another.
They have control of the appointments through
their immediate agent and Representative, and
by virtue of their authority to remove him
from his position. Do they desire a change
that shall remove these appointments far out
of their reach, and vest the vast powers they
have heretofore held in their own hands in
boards of examiners, and an advisory board,
not elected by them, not responsible to them,
and over whom they have no control? Do
they distrust themselves? I think, sir, that
whatever changes may be needed to effect a
reform, this removal of power from the people
is not one of them.
But it is said the enforcement of these rules
will take the control of the appointments out
of the hands of politicians, that persons will
be appointed to office without regard to their
political views, and that the election of a Pres-
ident will not involve a dangerous struggle
for all the offices held by virtue of executive
appointment. It is very desirable to render
our presidential elections and all other elec-
tions less partisan, less exciifng, and les? dan-
gerous. But will it do for us to take the ground
that appointments to office shall be made in
all cases regardless of political considerations?
I am one of those who believe the vital inter-
ests of the country demand the continuance
of the Republican party in power, but could
it survive the enforcement of these rules?
I think, sir, those who are accustomed to
bear the heat and burden of the day in the
service of that party would see little to encour-
age them in their labor if it only resulted in
placing their political enemies, and, I may add,
not unfrequently the enemies of the Govern-
ment, in power over them. How would these
rules have worked during the administration
of Abraham Lincoln, who found traitors en-
sconced in half the offices, ready and anxious
to lend a helping hand in the destruction of
the Government they had sworn to sustain?
What would have been the effect of such a
policy upon the bloody conflict with treason
in which we were then engaged ? Why, sir,
everybody knows that we should have been
defeated. We never could have withstood
rebel arms with rebels to administer the affairs
of our Government. Sir, we have not traveled
so far from that bloody and inexcusable rebel-
lion as to be able to put into practice with
safety this doctrine. «
I am afraid the Republican party would be
guilty of a betrayal of the sacred interests
committed to its charge if it should adopt it
and carry it out. We must hold on to the
strongholds we possess at least until the time
shall come when there will be 110 party in the
country that may not be safely trusted with
the administration of the Government. The
long-continued complaints of the victims ol
Ku Klux outrages and atrocities that come up
to us from the still disturbed and uneasy south-
ern States, and the bitterly partisan attacks
upon measures absolutely necessary lor the
protection of the lives, liberties, and property
of citizcns, admonish us of our responsibil-
ities, and warn us that the time has not yet
come for the dissolution of the Republican
party. Its work ia not yet fully done.
Even in ordinary times I do not think it
improper that the successful majority should
control appointments to office. In this coun-
try the majority rule. This is a fundamental
principle of our Government. The majority
determine upon the policy to be pursued, and
the carrying out of that policy should not be
intrusted to the hands of its enemies. I am
not a believer in the doctrine that " to the vic-
tors belong the spoils " as applied to politics.
Offices should not be regarded as spoils. The
majority having power to make removals and
appointments should act with reason and dis-
cretion, making only such changes as are
necessary and proper, but I do not believe
there is any practicable way of binding them
by arbitrary rules and regulations.
Doubtless removals for political causes have
often been made when they should not have
been, but the power of removal and appoint-
ment must necessarily exist. Those who pos-
sess this power under the Constitution have
long been accustomed to follow the recommend-
ations of the Representatives of the people in
its exercise. What better course can be pur-
sued? Who can better judge as to the pro-
priety of removals and appointments than
those elected by the people for that very pur-
pose? If political considerations have too
much to do with the exercise of this power,
the remedy is in the hands of the people. Let
them apply it.
It is claimed that the influence exerted by
members of Congress over appointments and
removals is repugnant to the spirit of the Con-
stitution, which vests the power in other hands.
But was it intended that the President or other
repository of this power should exercise it with-
out taking advice, withoutseekinginformation?
Information and advice must be had from some
source, and why not from the people's Rep-
resentatives? The power of appointment re-
mains unimpaired and unrestricted. It yields
only to such influences as are eminently proper
and within the spirit of the Constitution.
But, sir, are there no.t reasons for fearing
that the rales devised by the commission, if
sanctioned by Congress, would not only violate
the spirit but the letter of the Constitution?
That instrument provides that the President—
" Shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be established by law;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President aione, in the courts of law, or ra the heads
of Departments."
This power to appoint includes the power to
select the persons to be appointed. Now, Mr.
Speaker, when a board of examiners are
allowed, as is proposed, to exercise this power
of selection from the body of the people, and
confine the choice of the President or head of
a Department to persons named by them, is not
the substance of the power taken away ? Cer-
tainly it would seem to be. Little is left but
the mere form of an appointment. Undoubt-
edly the manner of making appointments may
be, to some extent, regulated by the legislative
branch of the Government. Qualifications of
officers may be prescribed : but when Congress
shall go so far as to confine the choice of the
person authorized by the Constitution to make
an appointment to certain specified persons,
the substance of that power will be taken away,
leaving scarcely its shadow. But, sir, how
many persons, according to these rules, may
the appointing power select from? How wide
a field is left for the exercise of the judgment
of him, who, by the Constitution, is to make the
appointment?
The boardof examiners are to " certify to the
nominating or appointing power, as the case
may be, the names stauoingat the head of the
list, not, exceeding three ; and from the names
certified the appointment shall be made, ^
How many less than three may be certified?
Clearly one less than three, thus confining the
appointing power to two. -May they not under
the language of this rule claim the right to
certify but one? The opinion of the former
Attorney General, published with the report
of the commissioners, gives no sanction to so
complete an assumption of power by officers
not known to the Constitution.
But, sir, there are other objections to this
proposed plan that occur to my mind. It dis-
regards all questions of a proper distribution
of the offices among the people. It provides
j for no discrimination in favor of the deserving
or the unfortunate. The discrimination, sir, is
against them—against the poor, who have not
had sufficient advantages in schools to enable
them to competei n public examinations with
the wealthy and more fortunate. It discrim-
inates against the soldier, whose patriotism in-
spired him in the morning of life to enlist in
the armies of his imperiled country, and who
spent the years usually devoted to education
amid the dangers and privations of the camp
and the field. It discriminates against the
invalid, shorn of his strength by disease con-
tracted in the Army, and against the crippled
and maimed of the war, because they cannot
furnish "satisfactory evidence" in regard to
health.
There is no position, sir, within the appoint-
ment of the President or the heads of any of
the Departments, with certain specified excep-
tions, that can be obtained by any person, ac-
cording to these rules, until he shall have
furnished satisfactory evidence in regard to
health. It may be said that only proof of
health sufficient for the discharge of the duties
of the office need be required ; but how would
it bo in cases of doubt? Would notthe robust
be preferred to the weak and the eufe.ebled ?
Viewed m the most favorable light, sir, I can-
not but regard it as a most unjust discrimina-
tion against thousands of the most deserving
in all the land.
Those who control the appointments to civil
office, instead of being obliged by rigid rttlei
to close their eyes and ears to every consid-
eration except mental qualifications, ought to
exercise a wise discretion in favor of the un-
fortunate and deserving, and especially to-
ward the victim of war. They have claims
upon us which it would be base ingratitude
to disregard, and I will never vote for any
system which I think ignores their claim.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what will be the practi-
cal effect of putting those rules into operation,
if, indeed, it shall be found possible to put
them into operation at all? "Due public no-
tice" is to be given of the occurrence of a
vacancy, " and all applicants who shall present
themselves, and who shall have furnished the
evidence and satisfied the preliminary exam-
ination already mentioned,'' are to be publicly
examined in competition with each other.
What "due public notice" could be given
that would not call out a class too large for
convenience I do not know. But the appli-
cants appear, and are examined. What are
the examiners then to do ?
" The board conducting such competitive exam-
ination shall prepare, under the supervision of tno
advisory board, .1 list of the names of tho applicants
ill the order of their excellence, as proved by such
examination, beginning with the highest, and shall
then certify to the nominating or appointing power,
as the case may be, tho names standing at the head
of such list, not exceeding three, and from the names
thus certified the appointment shall bo made.'
There is no discretion for the examiners,
if they obey the rules. They must certify ac-
cording to '•excellence, as proved by such ex-
amination." Why, sir, none but those fresh
from school would stand any chance of being
placed at the head of the list. The efforts to
get into the service of those who have added
' a little practical knowledge of the world to a
knowledge of books would be useless. I he
doors would be effectually closed agiinst them.
The offices would be filled by a class of young
men without sufficient experience in the affairs
of life to be able to estimate themselves at
their true value, and an aristocracy of office-
holders, 1% ise in their own conceit., but odious
to the people, would be the inevitable resu.;.
The whole machinery of this plan—the impe-
rial advisory board, and the numerous boards
