1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4395
appropriated to carry into effect the provisions of
this section to the end of the fiscalyear ending June
30,1873.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to add Sena-
tors to that; bat as the shortest way to get
rid of it, I move to lay it on the table. Do
not let us go into the salary business now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] prepared an
amendment and referred it to the Committee
on Appropriations, of which he gave due
notice, and in his behalf I now offer it. It is
to insert after line fourteen hundred and forty-
one the following:
To reimburse the late corporation of Washington
for moneys expended by it on account of paying,
grading, curbing, and sewerage along Government
reservations, to wit: on Pennsylvania avenue, from
First to Fifteenth streets west, under act of Congress
approved March 8, 1871, $77,001 33; on New York
avenue, between Ninth and Eleventh streets west,
and on Indiana avenue and Louisiana avenue, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth streets, $4,714 81; and res-
ervation on Louisiana avenue and Seventh street,
$33,753 72; on A street north, between First street
west and New York avenue, $964 40 ; on C street
north, between Seventh and Ninth streets west,
$4,161 60; on foot-ways, and flagging and curbing,
on Pennsylvania avenue, from First to Fifteenth
streets, and L street west, under act of Congress ap-
proved March 8,1871, $148,102 85; on sewerage for
circle at intersection of Pennsylvania avenue and
New Hampshire avenue, and reservation along
Pennsylvania avenue between Twentieth and
Twenty-first streets, $1,981 12; on sewerage in front
of Judiciary square, $1,500: Provided, That no
money herein appropriated shall be paid to the Dis-
trict of Columbia except upon the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior of the vouchers showing
the expenditure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make a point of order
on that amendment.
Mr. S AW YER. I ask to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make a point of order
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator slate bis point of order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order is that
it is within the prohibitory rule; first, it does
not carry out the provision of an existing law ;
in the next place, it does not relate to any pro-
vision iu the bill; and in the third place, it is
wrong in itself.
Mr. COLE. And in the next place, if there
is any indebtedness it is an indebtedness to
the old government of the city of Washington.
Mr. CONKLING. And in the fifth place,
it is out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from South Carolina state exactly in
what part of the bill he wishes this inserted,
what relation it stands in to any other appro-
priation ?
Mr. SAWYER. The amendment indicates
exactly. It is to be inserted after line four-
teen hundred and forty-one, on page 59. I
shall be obliged to the Senator from Vermont,
as he interrupted me at the time I was speak-
ing, if he will state the point of order again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have stated it once,
and I will state it again, though I do not want
to occupy the time of the Senate on a mon-
strous proposition of this kind, iu amount; I
am not speaking of its character. My point
of order is, first, under the_ thirtieth rule it is
not in pursuance of the estimate of the head
of a Department; it is not in pursuance of
any existing law. It refers to a law, but there
is no law that authorizes us to pay for any
such thing.
Mr. SAWYER. I have a law which author-
izes more than half of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a good rea-
son for getting the whole.
Mr. SAWYER. But the other part rests
on established precedent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Committee on Appropriations recommend this
amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir; the Committee
on Appropriations has not agreed to it. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. And then under the last
rule it does not relate to any appropriation con-
tained in the bill at all.
Mr. SAWYER. There are the several ap-
ropriations of precisely the same character in
the bill for payment for paving along public
reservations made by the present government
of the District of Columbia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If my friend
will permit me, this city having plenty of funds
at present I think, negotiating large loans, I
suggest to him that we shall be back h'ere in a
few months and have time to consider this
matter. Had it not better go over until the
next session?
Several Senators. Question ! Question !
Mr. SAWYER. I should like for a moment
to reply to the Senator from Vermont. I have
not occupied a great deal of the time of the
Senate on this appropriation bill, and I do not
think I ought to be cut off from stating a prop-
osition which I deem it my duty to present
here. Now, Mr. President, the act to provide
for paving Pennsylvania avenue distinctly
says 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What book and page?
Mr. SAWYER. Volume sixteen of the
Statutes at-Large, pages 196 and 197, the third
section of the act:
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the cost of
laying down said pavement shall be borne and paid
for in the following proportions and manner: by the
"Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company for
that portion of the work lying between the tracks
of their road and for a distance of two feet on each
side thereof; by the owners of private property lying
and abutting on said Pennsylvania avenue, and in
proportion to their frontage thereon, for that por-
tion of the work in front of their lots or parts of lots
from the curb line ot said avenue to the line two feet
from the track of the railroad aforesaid; by the
corporation of Washington for the intersections of
all streets and avenues and opposite to all public
parks lying and abutting on said avenue, except
such portions of the intersections lying between the
tracks of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company, and two feet on epch side thereof, which
will be paid by said company, as hereinbefore pro-
vided. The said railroad company shall have the
right to construct that portion of the pavement
which it is required to pay for under the direction
of said commissioners, and if said railroad company
shall not construct that portion of said work with
the same material, except between the rails and be-
tween the tracks, and in as satisfactory a manner,
and as rapidly as the residue.of said work shall be
constructed, then the same shall be constructed un-
der the direction of said commissioners in thesamo
manner as the other portion of said work. The said
railroad company shall have the right to select the
material with which the pavement between tberails
and between the tracks shall be made: Provided,
That the said pavement on said tracks shall be made
to the satisfaction of the commissioners. Thelessees
of Market square, between Seventh and Ninth
streets, shall pay for that portion ot the pavement
between said square and the line two feet from the
railroad track aforesaid."
Mr. COLE. The Senator will look in vain
for the authority of that act, I know, for I
have examined that carefully.
Mr. SAWYER. Let me read on:
" The portion of the pavement lying between th'e
Botanic Gardens and a line two feet outside-of the
track of the railroad company shall be paid for by
the United States Government."
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no part of
Pennsylvania avenue that lies there.
Mr. SAWYER. The language is, "between
the Botanic Gardens and a line two feet out-
side of the track of the railroad company."
Mr. COLE. That has been paid for by the
Government of the United States already.
Mr. SAWYER. On the contrary, not one
dollar has been paid. It has never been pre-
sented. Here are the bills, certified by the
surveyor of the city, for every item in the
appropriation. Seventy thousand dollars of
this is for Pennsylvania avenue, for expenses
of the United States incurred under that law.
The other part of it is simply paving along
public reservations; as for instance here is an
item for paving in front of Judiciary square,
on Louisiana and Indiana avenues, one half
of the cost.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any import-
ance in paying it now rather than in Decem-
ber next?
Mr. SAWYER. Notice was given of this
amendment, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, but the Committee
on Appropriations left it to the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia to
offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor has occupied his time. If there was an
agreed state of facts the Chair could rule on this
amendment, but the facts are notagreed upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To make short work of
it, I will move to lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate whether this
amendment shall be received under the rule.
Mr. BOREMAN. If it is in order I move
to lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
22, noes 17.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
free to say 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserty, Chandler,
Cole. Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Pool, Pratt, Scott, Stevenson, West, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cragin, Flanagan, Harlan,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, and
Stewart—14.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Xfenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill,
Hitchcoek, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Pat-
terson, Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton. Trumbull.
Vickers, Windom, and Wright—33.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
That tho Secretary of the Treasury he, and he is
hereby, authorized to acquire by purchase, from the
mayor and corporation of the city of New York, the
wnole or so much of the public park in the city of
New York known as the Battery, as in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury may be necessary
for the erection thereon of suitable buildings for a
custom-house, appraisers' stores, barge-office, assay
ofiice, and foreign-mail station : Provided, That the
terms of such purchase shall, in the judgment of
the Secretary, be equitable and just.
I beg leave to occupy the attention of the
Senate for a moment. I will state that the
building used for a custom-house in the city
of New York is alogether inadequate for the
interests of the commerce of that city. The
business of the customs iu New York has
increased within the past ten years from
$50,000,000 to $149,000,000 per annum. The
building that is occupied for that purpose is
more than full, so that the employes are
actually colonized and doing business in adja-
cent buildings. The business of the city and of
the country through the city must constantly
increase, so much so that it will be very diffi-
cult—I do not say impossible, but very diffi-
cult—to collect the customs with any accuracy
without an additional building.
I will state still further that the appraisers'
store is now rented at a cost of over sixty-four
thousand dollars per annum. It is a large
building, but entirely inconvenient and inad-
equate for the purposes for which it is used.
Its fittings are such that I do not hesitate to
say no man would undertake to do business in
such a building.
Again, the barge-office is under rent. That
lease expires soon, and when it expires the
building is to be taken down. There is a
necessity for early action in order to secure a
proper place for public buildings.
