1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Laws of the United States.
42d Oo;tg....2d
authorized to negotiate with the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians, for the relin-
quishment of that portion of the reservation
of said tribt-s in Wyoming Territory which
is situate couth of the centra! dividing ridge
between the Big Popoagic and Little Wind
rivers and south of the forty-third parallel,
and to cede to said tribes lands lying north
of and adjacent to their present reservation,
equal in area to any lands by them ceded.
And it shall be the duty of the President to
report all proceedings under this act to Con-
gress for approval or rejection: Provided,
This authority shall not continue beyond Jan-
uary first, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three.
Approved, June x, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXIX.—An Act to authorize the
Appointment of certain Officers in the
Quartermaster's Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'That the President be',
and is hereby, authorized to nominate, and by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate to appoint, certain officers of the quar-
termaster's department to the grade they
would have held in said department, respect-
ively, had the vacancies created therein by
the act of July twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixiy-six, from the rank of major
to t.he rank of colonel, both inclusive, b-en
filled by promotion by seniority: Provided,
'That no olhcer shall be deprived of his rela-
tive rank or reduced from his present grade
by this act, and that the officers whose
appointments are herein authorized shall
take rank and receive pay only from the date
of their confirmation.
Approved, June 3, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXX.—An Act relative to the
Entry and Clearance of B'erry-Boats and
of Bonded Cars passing from one State to
another through foreign contiguous Terri-
tory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Eovse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That vessels used exclu-
sively as ferry-boats, carrying passengers,
baggage, goods, wares, and merchandise, shall
not be required to enter and clear, nor shall
the masters or persons in charge of such
vessels be required to present manifests, nor
to pay entrance or clearance fees, nor fees
for receiving or certifjiug manifests, but they
shall, upon arrival in the United States, be
required to report such baggage, goods,
wares, and merchandise to the proper officer
of the customs, according to law.
Sec. 2. That railroad cars or other vehicles
laden with goods, wares, and merchandise,
sealed by a customs officer, under the provis-
ions of section six of the act of July twenty-
eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty six, and
the regulations of the Secretary of the lreas-
nry, passing from one port or place in the
United Stales to another therein, through for-
eigh contiguous territory, shall be exempt
from the payment of any fees for receiving or
certifying manifests thereof.
Approved, June 4, 1872,
Chap. CCLXXXl.—An Act further regulating
the Construction of Bridges across the Mis-
sissippi river.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of t)ie United states <j America in
Congress assembled, That all biidges hereafter
constructed over atid across the Mississippi
river under authority of any act of Congress
shall be subject to all the terms, restrictions,
and requirements contained in the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river, at or near the town of Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, and other bridges across
said river, and to establish them as post
roads," approved April first, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two; and in locating any
such bridge the Secretary of War shall have
due regard to the security and convenience of
navigation, to convenience of access, and to
the wants of all railways and highways cross-
ing said river.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXII.—An Act to establish a
Western Judicial District of North Caro-
lina.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Rep-
reseulatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That that portion of the
State of North Carolina comprising the counties
of Mecklenburg. Cabarras, Stanly, Montgom-
ery, Richmond, Davie, Davidson, Randolph,
Guilford. Rockingham, Stokes,Forsyth,Union,
Anson, Caswell, Person, Alamance, Orange,
Chatham, Moore, Clay, Chero^fee, Swain,
Macon, Jackson, Graham, Haywood, Tran-
sylvania, Henderson, Buncombe, Madison,
Yancey, Mitchell, Watauga, Ashe, Alleghany,
Caldwell, Burke, McDowell, Rutherford, Polk,
Cleveland, Gaston, Lincoln, Catawba, Alex-
ander, Wilkes, Surry, Iredell, Yadkin, and
Rowan, and all territory embraced therein
which may hereafter be erected into new coun-
ties, shall hereafter constitute a new judicial
district to be called the western district of
North Carolina; and the circuit and district
courts of the United States for said western
district of North Carolina shall be held in the
towns of Statesviile, Asheville, and Greens-
boro', within said district.
Sec. 2. That two terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for said
western district of North Carolina shall be
held at the following times and places in each
year, to wit: at Greensboro', beginning on
the first Monday in April and in October; at
Statesviile, beginning on the third Monday in
April and in October ; at Asheville, beginning
on the first Monday in May and in November.
Sec. 3. That the district of North Carolina
shall hereafter consist of the counties not
named in this act, and shall be called the
eastern district of North Carolina, and the
terms of the circuit and district courts therein
shall be held at the times and places heretofore
appointed and enacted.
Sec. 4. That the said circuit and district
courts for either of said districts may, in their
discretion, order special terms thereof for the
trial of criminal and civil issues at such times
and places as the court may designate hi said
districts, and order a grand and a petit jury, or
both, to attend the same, by an order to be
entered of record thirty days before the day at
which said special term shall be ordered to
convene; and said courts, respectively, at such
special terms shall have all the powers that
they have at the regular terms appointed by
law: Provided, however, That no special term
of said circuit court for either district shall be
appointed except by and with the concurrence
and consent of the circuit judge.
Sec. 5. That all suits and other proceedings
of whatever name or nature, now pending in
the circuit or district court of the united
States for the district of North Carolina, ex-
cept as hereinafter provided, shall be tried
and disposed of in the circuit and district
courts, respectively, for said eastern district,
as the same would have been if this act had
not been passed ; and for that purpose juris-
diction is reserved to the said courts in said
eastern district, and the clerks of the circuit
and district courts of the present district of
North Carolina shall return the records and
files of the said circuit and district courts at
the places heretofore appointed, and to do and
perform all the duties appertaining to their
said offices, respectively, within the eastern
districr, except as is hereinafter provided;
and all process returnable to, or proceedings
noticed for, any term of the present circuit or
district court shall be deemed to be return-
able to the next term of said courts, respect-
ively, in the said eastern district, as fixed by
this act.
Sec. 6. That upon application of any party
to any suit or proceedings, civil or criminal,
now pending in the present circuit or district
court of the United States for the present dis-
trict of North Carolina, which should have
fjeeii commenced in the proper court for the
western district of North Carolina if this act
had been in force at the time of its commence-
ment, such suit or other proceedings shall be
removed for further proceedings to the proper
court for said western district, and thereupon
the clerk shall transmit the original papers,
and copies of all orders made therein, to the
clerk of the court to which said suit or pro-
ceedings shall be removed for trial or such
other procedings therein as if the said suit or
proceedings had origjnally been commenced
therein; the distiict attorney of said western
district to designate the court to which all
suits and proceedings, and indictments and
criminal proceedings, wherein the United
States is plaintiff, shall be removed, and the
plaintiff, or his attorney, in all other suits to
designate the coiirt to which they shall be
transferred ; but no suit, indictment, or crim-
inal proceeding, where bail is required of a
defendant, shall be transferred until proper
bail is given for him to appear accordingly:
Provided, That all suits and other proceed-
ings, both criminal and civil, now pending in
Cape Fear district court of the United Slates,
at Salisbury, with all the original papers there-
in, shall be transferred for trial or such other
proceedings as shall be meet and proper to a
special term of the district court of the United
States for said western district of North Caro-
lina, to be held at Salisbury, beginning^ on the
second Monday in August, A. D. eighteen
hundred and seventy-two ; and all said suits
and proceedings not then finally disposed of
shall, with the original papers therein, be
transferred to the districts courts of said west-
ern district at Greensboro' or Statesviile, as
the judge may order; and all necessary and
proper process shall issue and be made return-
able in said suits and proceedings to the next
terms of said courts, respectively, for trial or
such other proceedings therein as if the orig-
inal proceedings had begun in said last-named
courts ; and the clerk of said district court
at Greensboro' shall act as clerk at said spe-
cial court at Salisbury; and all suits and other
proceedings, both criminal ^and civil,'pend-
ing at the late term of the United States dis-
trict court for the Cape Fear district, held at
Marion, beginning on [the] third Monday of
August, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and
not then finally disposed of, shall, with the
original papers therein, be transferred to a
special term of the district court for said west-
ern district, to be held at Asheville, North
Carolina, beginning on the third Monday m
August, eighteen hundred aud seventy-two, to
be then and there tried, or such other proceed-
ings had therein as may be meet and proper,
according to the practice of the court, and all
such suits and proceedings as shall not then
be finally disposed of shall be continued on
the docket of said court, at Asheville, to the
next term thereof, and in the mean time all
necessary and proper process shall issue from
said last-named court and be returnable there-
to, and such proceedings had therein as if the
