THE •CON(>RESSlOMlj/ i[JLOB^i
5400
There are other things about ft. There Is
to provision in tEe bill by which a steam-
engine is to be .pr^vepted from corriing into
the city, and adro^s ttiis Jt^ack and at aft| rate'
of speed/ Ar^ we. williiig to pass a bill of
that perilous kind '/. In the, next place, thefe
j^noi provision, about the egres'Sand iagtess to
the baildipg. The parties .here.are .left to
their entire ,c6fitrol as to .iiow they ghklj shape;
this buildjng, Without any consideration of
what damage they uiaydo to other parties oi*
Kow they may obstruct the streets.
There are numerous details, fas I shall show
if we ever reach .that: point, asl hope We ttay
not, wheH'.itaa', absolutely i n d ispe nsable that
this bill shalf be amended if We mean tb treat
the subject with ,an£ degree of fairness of
candor., The proposition Which now1 pend-
ing ik to submit'.'thiS question to a Commission
orthrea high-mipded men, selected fqr their
knowledge of Such,subjects, that they may go
OVef and look oVer the entire ground,and then
report' to us sit a subsequent session of Con-
gress what is feasible and practicable, not Only
ior tliis road,,but.fqr all the other roads that
We have inevitably to provide for.
J We havfe already had one' road ttat had a
depot upon Pennsylvania avenue, to say noth-
ing about the public grounds or pares, and that
was'felt tb be such an intrusion upon the great
Avenue between this and the President's House
that it must be gotten rid of, a,nd Congress
forced' that road to reaove its depot from
.Pennsylvania atenue j and now it is proposed
to have another road come up right, upon the
other side, within two or three rods of Penn-
sylvania. avenue, to be the same kind and
amount of intrusion, as great a, nuisance, if
pot greater), thsva the one we have recently
femoved, ,
Mr- President} I am for keeping the public
ground® intact, keeping them as was it intended
.they should be-kept "by our fathers. I am.not
Willing to believe that we live in an iron age
with u'o regard to the past, with no affection
for the future, but only, to put money into the
pockets' of the stockholders of an overgrown
and overfed corporation, a corporation that
dpes not build roads, but buys and swallows
them from one end of the country to the other;
that takes them for the mere purpose of mak-
ing, money; not with that enterprise which
Opens new works, but merely seizes upon such
as are already built, and perhaps supplies a
few gaps in order to make connecting links
and rules them so as to wring the greatest
amount of money out of the people.
Wby, sir, we have seen a project here the
present season by which all the railroads ot
the country were to obtain fifty per cent, more
for carrying the mails; although my good
friend from Pennsylvania denounced that
pcheme in which the name of Mr. Scott was
used without any authority, and I have no
doubt it was so used ; yet even he said the rail-
roads ought to have more. Mr. President, if
that is the conviction, and if this railroad
alone is stroug enough to carry a bill of this
kind through here without dotting an i or
crossing a tj what may they not do in the
future? T
Sir, I did not intend to speak so long as 1
liave done. I am unwilling that we should
consume another day upon this subject. I
know that there is important business, perhaps
not so important as this, which it is the duty
of the Senate to take charge of, and therefore
I will not say anything more on the subject,
except that I shall ask a vote upon the amend-
ment which I offered in the shape of a sub-
stitute. ^ , , n
Mr. TSUKM'AN. Mr. President, one of
the most charming productions of ancient lit-
erature is a dialogue, the^ subject ot which is
oratory, a dialogue ifl which the merit's ot the
most celebrated orators of ancient times are
carefully considered and criticised. But one
of the most interesting parts of that dialogue
is where the question is mooted, what is the
nlBSt lns))lfln£ theme for eIri'(iU<jflS8? f-Could
not'help thinking id listening td this debate -
that it WaS & gfeat njlgfortanc that the author
of that diWrigtie! did not live in the tifftfi. When
tlWre? a railrtiad depot t6 be leeatedj for
if he "had, he wottld' have ktioWft what was the
Aogt inspiring thetiltf for1 eldc[nfeh6S; Hefe■■
is a very plain atid a veify practical question
before the Senate; and fist the defeats oft it,
instead of being confined to $S merits, has
takart a range that lias not'Confined itself to
this earth alone, bdth&g'gotieiritd the sidereal
system' And visited the 'Mats. I do not pro-
pose to imitate those atabitlouS gtotilerilen
Whose oratory has entranced tod whose'wit
has arirased the Seaate. I want to eorie back
to the real, plain (juestion that is before the
Senate, and in the fewest possible words to
try to bririg the attention of the Senate.back
t6 the reki tiierits Of this bill. '
Thy citf 6f Washiii^tort WAS laid flllt 6ft a
gtfittd' scalfe, tad, aS has be6rt, Said, it WaS ft
subject of Hdiduie f6f 8 lort£ tithe. NoW,
instead of being h 'subject of ridicule, every
gentlenratr who spfealts exhausts his'oratory ia
anticipatiott'Of What tt gfe&tCapltal ititf to be.
Whether thsse anticipations Will,be1 realized'
6f riot, I do riot undertake to day; but I do
agree that it is to be a tptttik. lafger fcity thaa
was anticipated thirty or ftifty of fifty years
ago. It was oace said, aftd Said on the floor
of Oofiirress by & distinguished rnembef from
North Carolina, Mi. Mafcdn, a Wan of 'simple
republican habits arid thoughts, Something
of a Spartan ia his ftatat-e, that'it: was a great
aistake to locate the capital where it was
located; that the Legislature of this Bepublio
ought not to sit in a great city or where a
great city was possible; that ft would have
been far wiser atid more conducive to the
simplicity and purity of republican govern-
ment had the capital been located at some
barren point 0« the Alleghanies where a town
of more than a thousand inhabitants would
have been an impossibility. But that Spartan
idea of old MacOn has given way, so much
that now we hear of nothing but building up
Washington until it shall *ival New York,
until it shall be one of the greatest if not the
greatest city on the face ot America. I say
once faore that while I do not fefcpect any such
tiling at all, I do hot agree that Washington
is likely to be a large, and I trust will be a
beautilul and interesting city.
And now, Mr. President since the idea of
tllose who laid out this city has some pros-
pect Of realisation; slhceits "magnificent dis-
tances" are no longer the subject of ridicule;
since its wide avehues are a boast instead of
a scoff and a SCOrti;' since its public grounds
are to be improved and beaut ified--"and we alt
Want to see them improved and beautified-—it
does seem to me that anytmng which mars
the original design of the city Ought to be dis-
countenanced by us. This city was not laid
out by hazard. Its streets Were not cow paths.
It was laid oiit by the line and the plummet; it
was laid out by the engineer; it was laid out
with design. Everything iti the plan of it was
the subject of mature consideration both by
the engineer who laid it out and by the Sound
intellect of George Washington, who approved
the plan, himself no mean engineer, no mean
designer of any grfeat work ot the kind. And
a part of that design was that from the Capitol
to the White House, from the Hall In which
the Representatives and Senators should sit
to the Executive Mansion, there should extend
a beautiful park, it is part of the design, just
as the square opposite the President s House
was devoted to the public as a park, just as
Judiciary sqnare, jastas La Fayette^nare, just
as Lincoln square, just as Branklm square,
were all devoted to this purpose. So was this
gfeater piece of groand from the Capitol Hill
to the Executive Mausion designed to be a
beautiful park, ati ottiament to the city, and
contributing to its health. We who have i
marred and spoiled by the miserable canal
that Was suffered to go: into dfecay have no
idea of what It was beifore it was thus marred.
We have ho idea of how beautiful St waS when
it WAS in its native condition, ahd of how beau-
tiful it may yet be made wheu that nuisance
shall have been removed. i
Now it is proposed tb break up the original
design of this city j now it i " proposed that
What was intended to be the most beautiful
featare in the whoW eity shall be aban-
doned to business, to comwerce, to depots
for railroads, and that instead of that whioh
should please the eye, and gratify the taste,
and swell the heart as you stBnd ori Capitol
Bill aftd look to the :west, or ttiiid' at the
Bxeeut'ivt) MainSiou and look tb the east, that
shall be yielded up to th«f bum* and dirt, and
eoiifusioii, atid noise of railroad depots, and all
the ordinary biisiriess of the oity. Why, sir,
it does seem to me chat if there is anything
that should shook the miftd in aonsldering a
Subject of this kind it is just precisely such a
proposition.
I know it is of no use to (reason iti this way
with Wen who have uo thofarfM ih:tte world
Bat the making of tfcrirtey. I Mno'w it is of no
use to reason in this way With a railroad cor-
poration. I kiloW' that if It Would ^facilitate
the business otthe railroad co<at> f>/sdm« one
woilld have tire impudufice to demand this
6a?pitOl itself for iti offioes. l- know that
there is nothing sacred that they will not
lay their hands npon it. ! I know that they
have Cone through the most beautiful cemetery
in Ohio and condemned the vfery graves in
which the dead were buried for railroad pur-
poses. 1 know it full well, and when I say it
I do not say it la enmity to any such improve-
ment. No man Is so absurd as to be an enemy
of railroads But I know that they have no
respect for anything that merely gratifies the
fancy ftiid gratifies the heart, but that with
them it is mere sordid wealth; that is the sole
consideration by which they are moved. I
know that very Well; and it i« not, therefore, to
thcfti that I look, but it is W you, Senators,
who have the charge of this great city which
belongs to the public, over which you have
absolute and exclusive powers of leKislktion.
It is for you to say whether the design of
the eity shall'be marred in this manner. It
will not do to say that it SS only a question
whether this particular railroad' tltat has now
asked for it shall be allowed to cut this park
in twain. If yOU intend that, then you intend
to discriminate in favor of one railroad against
all the other railroads that may come'ihto this
city. If you intend to do that, you intend
the most flagrant act of injustice that it would
be possible for you to commit., Every rail-
road that comes into Washington has a right
to equal facility. Every railroad that is to be
the recipient of bounties from the Govern-
ment has a right to equal bounty, certainly
aright to equal treatment and equal rights.
If it is the purpose slmfijy to allow this one
railroad to cut this park in two and establish
its depot within less than a stone's throw of
the avenue, then I say you are prepared to
do an act of the most flagrant injustice by
discriminating in favor of one company and
against all others. No, sir; yon never will
do that; you will never be so unjust as to do
that; and the consequence, therefore, is that
if you allow this company to cut that park in
twain and give to It so large a piece of the
public property as this bill proposes to donate,
you will have to do the same thins by other
rnilroads who demand the like facilities, and
will need them just, as much.
Mr. NYB. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. THUKMAtf. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. The city of Washington and the
city of Paris are laid,Out Upon the same plan.
When either of them was laid out, I do not
suppose the idea of a railroad had entered into
the head of the engineer or the founders ot the
city. You now find ia the city of I arts that
