3500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
they have had to make way even with build-
ings to a large extent to make depots for the
railroads. There are several depots in the
city of Paris. I suppose when • this city was
laid out railroad travel was not conceived of,
and now it has become a necessity, and Wash-
ington oannot survive without it any more than
Paris or any other city. Now, the question is
whether you are to say that there shall be no
depots within these borders? A word more.
Mr. THTJRMAN. That, is a pretty long
question. .
Mr. NYE. Yes, it is a pretty long question,
and I will stop there.
Mr. THURMAN. I have answered that
already by implication in what I said before.
If there were no other place in Washington
city for the depot we- might have to give up the
beautiful, we might discard the aesthetic out
and out and be entirely practical, and put this
depot at the plaoe it is asked ; but this com-
pany has already the most eligible site in all
Washington for a depot. It proposes to retain
that and it demands mbre.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator is
mistaken-as to that; the bill provides that that
shall be surrendered.
Mr. THURMAN. Whether it does or not
it has that now, and it need not surrender it.
But I put it to my traveled friend from Nevada,
what do you think the French people would
say if it were proposed to take the garden of
the Tuileries fof a railroad depot? What do
you suppose they would say were it proposed
to take the Champs Elys6es for a. railroad
depot? What do yovi suppose they would say
if it were proposed to take the Bois de Boulogne
for a railroad depot? What do you suppose
the people of London would say if it were
proposed to take St. James Park and convert
that into a railroad depot? What do you sup-
pose the people of the city of New.York would
say if it were proposed to cut the Central Park
in two to make railroad depots? What would
the people of Philadelphia say if it were pro-
posed to take Independence square or Wash-
ington Park to make depots of them? What
would the people of Baltimore say if Druid
Hill Park was to be converted into depots for
railroads?
My friend will not find in any continental
city in Europe any such desecration as that,
nor would it be tolerated in any other city in
America. It is only here in Washington, the
very city which of all others ought not to tol-
erate the idea, that this thing is proposed. Sir,
conceal it as you may, this is a proposition to
give up this whole reservation, which by the
very terms of the grant is to remain the prop-
erty of the United States, devoted to the pur-
poses for which it is dedicated, in violation
of national faith, in violation of the plan of
the city, in violation of the interest of the
city, for the mere purnoses of business and
of commerce.
My friend from Pennsylvania said, " Let
them buy a park "on Rock creek." They
might do so by a great outlay of money. If
this city, ridden down with debt, overwhelmed
with debt, and getting more in debt year by
year, had some three or four millions to spare,
it might buy a park on Rock creek. How
much did Central Park cost the city of New
York? If my memory is right, $9,000,000.
How much did the Schuylkill Park cost the
eily of Philadelphia? Five million dollars
already, and it will take $20,000,000 more to
make it what it is intended to be. If this city
has four or five millions to spend in buying
property along Rock creek, it may make a
great park there; but what will that be? It
will be a park that those who ride in carriages
can enjoy ; it will be a park for those who can
drive, but not for the weary pedestrian, for
those who are compelled to go on foot, for the
children of the poor, for those who inhabit the
central part of the city. It might as well be
that park which my friend from Kansas [Mr.
Pomeroy] has laid out at the head of the Yel-
lowstone river, for all the good it will do the
poor people of the city of Washington. No,
sir ; that will not do at all. No park with its
magnificent drives up and down Rock creek,
no park that no pedestrian will ever enter, no
park that uo man will ever enjoy unless he can
do it on horseback or in a carriage, will answer
the purpose of the poor people of this city who
are compelled to go ou foot.
There, sir, is the whole of this case. It is-
not a case at all as to the merits of the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad, or the Pennsylvania
railroad, or the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road, and I have been very sorry to hear those
matters drawn into the discussion. It is no
question of friendliness or unfriendliness to
either of those corporations. That has noth-
ing at all to do with the case.- I care not
which is the more meritorious of.tbos,e cor-
porations. I care not which is the_ more
deserving of censure for its conduct in the
past or for its intentions in the future. I .care
not what may he the sordid purposes of any
man in this matter. That has nothing to do
with the question one way or the other. , I am
not disposed to speak disrespectfully of any
one who is engaged in this enterprise. I am
not disposed to impute improper motives to
anybody who is engaged in it. I do not think
it beuefits us ii) this discussion to do any such
thing as that. I want to stand here simply as
a Senator, as one of the guardians of the pub-
lic property, as one of the persons to whom in
part is confided the care of this city of Wash-
ington, the national capital. I waut to look
at it simply in that light and to ask myself,
and to ask you. Senators, whether it is right
to give up and abandon this property and mar
the design of the city by making this a place
of business instead of what it was intended to
be and what it ought to be, what the health
and pleasure of the city require it should be,
a place of beauty and of recreation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I desire to say but a single word, and I should
not do that did I not feel constrained to do it
by the earnest, and I had almost said denunci-
atory character of the debate on the part of
those who are opposed to this grant. I pro-
fess to feel my obligations to look after the
interests of the city of Washington. I may
be in error: but at all events I will give my
reasons in a moment why I shall vote for this
bill.
This railroad is a matter of great interest to
the country, and of great benefit to the city,
as all of us agree, notwithstanding it is found
convenient to talk about soulless colorations
and gigantic corporations, and that it is almost
impossible to resist th-eir influence, and all
that kind of address with which lawyers who
try railroad cases are so familiar when the
prejudices of a jury are to be invoked. This
railroad company has approached Washington
carefully, going around the city so as not to
cross its main avenues, and the interests of
the city and of the country require that it
should have some central point for a depot.
My opinion is that this railroad and depot
will not m the slightest degree injure the park,
which we have been told fifty times was to be
utterly destroyed. In the city in which I live,
the city of Newark, there is a railroad that
passes right through the city with not less than
seventeen iron bridges, one of them one hun-
dred and fifty feet in length in one span cross-
ing the streets. Outside of this depot in this
park there will be a width of from eight
hundred to nine hundred feet which is to be
crossed—the railroad—by a bridge or bridges.
This depot, if properly constructed—and I
have seen the plan of it submitted here in the
Senate—will be a beautiful building, and will
be as much of an ornament to the park and
more than the Smithsonian Institution or the
Agricultural Department or the other build-
ings which may be constructed there: and if
a handsome building it will not be without its
associations. Let one or two iron
bridges be thrown across this railroad, and
the avenues can be made up and down this
park and the bridges themselves be things
of beauty. We kntiw that in all parks they
create artificial necessities to throw up bridges
for the purpose of beautifying those parks.
While this may be a valuable park, it can
never have any great elegance while it is trav-
ersed by some five or six streets, as this is, be-
tween the Capitol and the Executive Mansion,
and must always be. Those streets will be
greater eye-sores to the beauty of the park
than this railroad crossed by handsomely con-
structed bridges.
I think it is desirable that the park should
be maintained, connecting as it does the pub-
lic buildings of the city, but it need not be
interfered with. The depot itself is to he in
the extreme northeast corner of the park, leav-
ing the whole space almost "uninterrupted, un-
affected at all events by this depot. The pro-
visions of the bill carefully guard the rights
and .interests of the park, it provides .that
the bridgesshallbe constructed "in such man-
ner and at such place as the officers or "other,
persons charged with the duty of opening the
reservations, or connecting the samQ as a
public park, shall direct."
. So the bill provides that this whole structure
shall be under the direction of the city authori-
ties, and be constructed in reference to the
park: .
And the said company shall then adapt the grade
af said tracks to that which at any time may ba
determined upon by the Board of Public Works.
Therefore I do not see that we are doing an
injury to the city, and I think it most desirable
that the people of this Republic coining to
the city shou'ld have a convenient place to
land here. The depot will come within about
two hundred feet ot Pennsylvania avenue. I
do not klibw, but I suppose thfe railroad com-
pany Would naturally buy that two hundred
feet, leaving an open space between the depot
and the avenue. There the passengers will
enter, and I suppose the freight business will
be transacted on the street immediately south ,
of Pennsylvania avenue.
Where else the company could go where
they would so well accommodate the public
and do so little injury I do not know. My
own opinion is, inasmuch as this work is to be
constructed under the direction of the city
authorities with express reference tothfep&rk,
the company being obligated to make-'ebangea
when the park is projected it can be made a
decoration instead of a loathsome object to
look upon.
I myself have no antipathy to seeing depots
and railroad cars. This idea of having traius
of cars with their smoke and noise running
into this depot is all imagination. No engine
will go into that depot. The engines will
switch off and the cars will pass this eight
hundred feet and into the depot with the pas-
sengers by the momentum which they have
received.
For these reasons I do not feel that I need
offer any apology to the city or to the country
for the vote I am about to give.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to call the attention of the Senator from New
Jersey to the language of that portion of the
section from which he has read. It refers
entirely to the bridge to be constructed over
Sixth street, as the honorable Senator will see
by referring to that portion of the section :
The said company shall be and is hereby requir ed
to construct, at its own cost and expense, a hand-
some iron bridge of ample width a^d height to enable
small carriages to pass over thesaid street freely and
without danger.
You observe that it requires the company,
in order that there may be a passage-way for
carriages, to construct a bridge for that pur-
pose; and that bridge is to be constructed
under the supervision of the people having
control of the grades of the streets of the city.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mary-
land ought to observe, in connection with that,
