T60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 4,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States,
original proceedings had begun in said court,
and the clerk of said court at Asheville shall
act as clerk of said special court at Asheville.
Sec. 7. That the passage of this act shall
not have the effect to destroy or impair the
lien of any judgment or decree rendered by the
circuit or district court of the United States
for the present district of North Carolina prior
to this act taking effect; and final process on
any judgment or decree entered in the circuit
or district court of the United States for the
district of North Carolina, or ^[hich shall be
entered therein prior to this act taking effect,
and all other process for the enforcement of
any order of said courts, respectively, in any
cause or proceedings now pending therein, ex-
cept causes or proceedings removed as herein
provided, shall be issued from and be returnable
to the proper court for the eastern district of*
North Carolina, and may be directed to and
executed by the marshal of the United States
for the said eastern district, in any part of the
State of North Carolina.
Sec. 8. That there shall be appointed a dis-
trict judge for the said western district of North
Carolina, who shall receive an annual salary of
three thousand five hundred dollars; and there
shall also be appointed a district attorney of
the United States for the said western district
of North Carolina, who shall receive such fees
and compensation, and _ exercise such powers
and perform such duties, as are fixed and
enjoined by law.
Sec. 9. That the circuit and district judges
shall appoint three clerks, each of whom shall
be clerks both of the circuit and district courts
for said western district of N*rth Carolina, one
of whom shall reside and keep his office at
Statesville, and one shall reside and keep his
office at Asheville, and the third of whom shall
reside and keep his office at Greensboro', who
shall receive the fees and compensation for
services performed by them now fixed by
law.
Sec. 10. That either of the clerks of the
district and circuit courts for said western dis-
trict of North Carolina is hereby authorized,
under the direction of the district judge of said
western district, to make a transcript from any
of the records, files, or papers of the district
and circuit courts of the United States, re-
maining in the office of the clerks of said east-
ern district, of all matters and proceedings
which relate to or concern liens upon or titles
to real estate situate in said western district,
and for that purpose shall have access to said
records in the office of the said clerks in
said eastern district, and such transcripts,
when so made by either of said clerks, shall
be certified to, to be true and correct, by the
clerks making the same, and the same, when
so made and certified, shall be evidence in all
courts and places equally with said originals.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXIII.—An Act amendatory of
an Act entitled " An Act donating Public
Lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide Colleges for the benefit
of Agricultural and Mechanical Arts,'' passed
July second, eighteen hundredandsixty-two,
and Acts amendatory thereto.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the lands granted to
the State of Oregon, for the establishment of
an agricultural college, by act of Congress of
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
and acts amendatory thereto, may be selected
by said State from any lands within said State
subject to homestead orpre-emption entry under
the laws ot the United States; and in any case
where land is selected by the State, the price
of which is fixed by law at the double mini-
mum of two dollars and fifty cents per acre,
such lands shall be counted as double the
quantity toward satisfying the grant.
Sec. 2. That any such selections already^
made by said State, and the lists duly filed in*
the proper district land office, be, and the same
are hereby, confirmed, except so far as they
may conflict with any adverse legal right exist-
ing at the passage of this act: Provided, how-
ever, That the State shall not receive more
than ninety thousand acres, the quantity
granted by the act of Julv second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two: Provided also, That
such lands shall not be sold by said State for
less than two dollars and fifty cents per acre ;
and where settlement is made upon the same,
preference in all cases shall be given to actual
settlers at the price for which said lands may
be offered.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXIV.—An Act to take away
the Circuit Court Jurisdiction of the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Georgia, to create a
Circuit Court in said District, and for other
purposes.
Beit enactkI by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of any act
or acts of Congress as vests in the district
court of the United States for the northern
district of Georgia the power and jurisdiction
of a circuit court be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; and there shall hereafter be a circuit
court held for said district, presided over as
the circuit court now is, or hereafter may be,
in the southern district.
Seo. 2. That all actions, suits, executions,
causes, pleas, process, and other proceedings
relative to any cause, civil or criminal, which
might have been broughtand would have been
originally cognizable in a circuit court, or
removed thereto under any act of Congress,
pending in or returnable to the district court
for the said northern district of Georgia at the
time appointed for holding the next term
thereof, are hereby declared to be transferred
and made returnable to the circuit court con-
stituted by this act, to be holden within the
said district, and shall be heard, tried, and
determined therein, in the same manner as if
originally instituted in or removed to such cir-
cuit court. And the said circuit court shall be
governed by the same general laws and regu-
lations as apply to other circuit courts of the
United States, and the clerk of said court shall
perform the same duties and shall be entitled
to receive the same fees and emoluments which
are by law established for the clerks of the
other circuit courts of the United States, and
shall be appointed by the circuit judge of [the]
circuit: Provided, That the present clerk of
the district court for said northern district shall
be the clerk of the circuit court of said district
till another appointment be made in his place
or he be otherwise removed.
Sec. 3. That there shall be two terms of the
district court for the northern district of
Georgia, held in Atlanta, in each and every
year, to begin on the first Mondays of March
and September ; and there shall also be two
terms of the circuit court for said district, held
in Atlanta, in each and every year, to begin on
the second Mondays in March and September.
Sec. 4. That all suits hereafter to be insti-
tuted in the district or circuit court of either
the northern or southern district of Georgia,
not of a local nature, shall be commenced in
a court of the district where the defendant
resides; but if there be more than one defend-
ant, and they reside in different districts, the
plaintiff may sue in either, and send duplicate
writs to the other defendants, on which the
plaintiff or his attorney shall indorse that the
writs thus sent are copies of writs sued out of
the proper district; and the said writs, when
executed and returned into the office from
whence they issued, shall constitute one and
the same suit, and be proceeded in accord-
ingly.
Sec. 5. That the rules of court heretofore
adopted, and now of force in the district court
for the northern district of Georgia, be, and
they are hereby declared to be, adopted and
of force in the circuit court of said northern
district; but the same may be altered, modi-
fied, amended, or annulled by the said courts,
and new rules may be added thereto in the
same manner as in other district and circuit
courts. The return days of writs and execu-
tions returnable to the said district and the
said circuit courts shall be the first days of
the terms of said courts respectively, but the
time for the return of writs may be, by rule of
court, changed to any rules day.
Seo. 6. That the grand and traverse juries
which have been or which may be drawn for
the first term after the passage of this act, of
the district court for the northern district of
Georgia, shall be the juries for both the circuit
and the district court; and all the acts as
such in either court shall be valid, as if said
juries belonged exclusively to the court in
which they are acting for the time being.
Sec. 7. That it shall be lawful forthe requi-
site jurors, grand aud petit, for either or both
of said couris, to serve at the first term thereof,
to be drawn at any time by the judge of the
said district court, or by either of the judges
of said circuit court.
Sec. 8. That the ninth and tenth sections
of the act of August eleventh, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, organizing the district
court of the northern district of Georgia, and
all acts and parts of acts militating against this
act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Appkoved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXV.—An Act supplementary to
an Act entitled "An Act to aid in the Con-
struction of Telegraph Lines, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July twenty-fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Be it enaetedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That the International
Ocean Telegraph Company shall have the right
to pre-empt and use public lands at the
following stations in Florida on the line of
telegraph belonging to said telegraph com-
pany, to wit: at the two ends of the cables on
Sinabel Island, the station at Punta Rasa, near
the mouth of the Caloosahatchie river, the
station at Fort Myers, the points where the
line of telegraph crosses the Caloosah[a]tchie
river, the station at Pine Island, and the sta-
tions at Branch river, Bartow, and Tucker-
town, each forty acres; such lands being
public lands, and now actually used by the
International Ocean Telegraph Company of
the State of New York: Provided, That when-
ever any one of the smallest legal subdivisions
at any oue of the stations designated is less
than forty acres, by reason of the land lying
adjacent to the Gulf of Mexico, or any bay
or river, the said company shall pre-empt only
such smallest fractional subdivision upon which
the buildings and offices of the company are
located.
Approved, June 4, 1872.
Chap. CCLXXXVL— An Act to enable the
President to appoint a Paymaster General
of the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the- United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sixth section of
