4396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
I will say still further that in March last
the merchants and citizens of New York held
a public meeting with reference to this very
subject, and they appointed a committee of
their leading merchants to take it into consid-
eration, and this proposition is in accordance
•with their judgment, and in accordance with
the judgment of the mercantile interests in
that city as indicated through them.
Mr. COLE. Is this amendment in'order? I
think not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator desires a ruling of the Chair he can make
a point of order. The Chair does not answer
any question of that sort.
Mr. COLE. I do not-make that point of
order. It is equivalent to making a point of
order to ask such a question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Connecticut desires it the Chair will
submit this matter to the Senate. ["Nol"
"No!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Chair will
decide it one way or the other.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I amwillingto have
the Chair rule upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair, without regard to the merits of the prop-
osition, must rule that it is not in order under
the restrictive rule.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer an amendment of which
notice was given on the lstof June, and which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. It is on page 11, after line two hundred
and fifty-eight, to insert the following:
To cnablo tho Secretary of the Treasury to pre-
pare tho plate and print the certificates of stock
providod for by tho act entitled " An act relative to
the centennial international exhibition to beheld
in the city of Philadolphia, State of Pennsylvania,
in tho yoar 1876," $20,300, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a law which
requires the Government to do this?
Mr. SCOTT. The ninth section of that act
provides:
" That it shall bs the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasuryof tho United States, as soon aspraoticablo
after the passage of this act, to cause to be prepared,
in accordance with a design approved by the United
States centennial commission and by tne Secretary
of'theTrooHury, a sufficient number of certificates
of stock to meet the requirements of this aot."
Mr. COLE. Read the rest of it, the whole
section.
Mr. SCOTT. I will read the whole section;
I was going to send to the Chair the Secretary's
letter:
"And any porson found guilty of counterfeiting,
or attempting to counterfeit, or knowingly circulat-
ing false certificates of stock, herein authorised,
shall besubjoot to the same pains and penalties as
are or may bo provided by law for counterfeiting
United States currency; but nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to croate anyliability of the
United States, direotor indirect, for any debt or obli-
gation incurred, nor for any claim, by the centen-
nial international exhibition, or the corporation
hereby created, for aid or pecuniary assistance from
Congress or tho Treasury of tho United States, in
support or liquidation of any debts or obligations
created by the corporation herein authorized."
Now, I ask that the Secretary's letter be
read. 1 do not propose to take up any time
on this matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania a question, as I do
not wish to occupy time.
Mr: SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator if that centennial bill, when the question
was between New York and Philadelphia,
was not pressed upon us here by the Senators
from Pennsylvania; and those in favor of it,
upon the repeated and distinct statement that
in no event were the United States to be
asked or permitted to pay anything, or to
incur any liability whatever?
Mr. SCOTT. I will say, not only was that
statement made, but there is a provision in
the original bill against the United States
incurring any liability by reason of the pas-
sage of the bill. Here is a subsequent act of
incorporation for a company in which this
provision is made and a duty imposed upon
the Secretary of the Treasury. His letter
asks for this appropriation. I but discharge
a duty imposed upon me in bringing it before
the Senate and before the Committee on
Appropriations, and after the letter of the
Secretary is read, all I ask is a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to have the peo-
ple of this country understand that the mo-
ment these gentlemen got an act of incorpor-
ation here, which I thought was contrary to
the Constitution, to help them along with this
affair, the next thing is, we are called upon to
pay something under it. I do not think it
will add to the credit of the centennial exhibi-
tion after what was said to us here when we
were asked to go for it in the first place or
the last place.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not wish the centennial
exhibition to be disparaged in advance, and I
hope after the United States has appropriated
half a million or more in aid of exhibitions in
foreign lands, when Congress are simply asked
for $20,000 to priut certificates to begin with
for one in their own country, it will not be
held to discredit the exhibition itself. The
matter has already occupied more time than I
intended. I simply ask that the letter of the
Secretary be read, and a vote be had on the
subject.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Tkkasuuy Department,
Office of the Secretary. June 3,1872.
Slit: I am informed that by a recent act of Con-
gress the Seoretary of the Troasury is authorized to
provide for printing certificates for the use of the
board of finance of the commission charged with
making: arrangements for the approaching centen-
nial anniversary of the Declaration of Independ-
ence.
Tho estimated cost of engraving and printing the
certificates is $20,300, and I have the honor to request
that a clause be inserted in tho pending appropria-
tion bill of that sum for the purpose nauiod.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Cornelius Cols,, United. States Senate,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the bill:
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to the parties entitled thereto, the
balance due tho creditors of the upper and lower
bands of Sioux Indians on account of supplies fur-
nished said Indians prior to the 3d day of Decem-
ber, 1860. $65,812 47, or so much thereof as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may find to be justly due after
examination of the various items thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 make the point of
order that that is a private claim, and has been
ruled out half a dozen times.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Where does
the Senator from Minnesota propose this
amendment to come in?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the point of order
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order-is,
that on the face of it it is a private claim, and
I deny that there is any law which requires it
to be paid, and I am pretty sure it has been
ruled out at several sessions.
Mr. RAMSEY. You might refuse to pay
any debt due by the Government session after
session ; but here is a debt that is undoubtedly
due.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wishes to inquire of the Senator from Minne-
sota to what appropriation in the bill does this
amendment relate?
Mr. RAMSEY. No particular one. Like
every other appropriation it stands on its own
bottom. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair rules it out of order.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I offer the following
amendment:
That the sum of $50,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay unsettled
claims against the Government of the United States
on account of services rendered by the United States
marshals ih the States lately in rebellion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That also is a private
claim, and I make the point of order upon it.
I am sorry to do it against my friend from
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from Texas if this
amendment relates to any appropriation in the
bill?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I want it to come in on
page 64, line ten. The services have been
rendered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it relates to no appropriation in the bill,
and cannot be received.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is one amendment
to which I want to call attention. The Sen-
ator from Iowa, I think, had charge of it, and
I wish to call his attention to it. It is on page
13, line three hundred and three, for construct-
ing a pneumatic tube upon the plan invented
by Albert Brisbane, from the Capitol to the
Government Printing Office. The committee
struck out the words "upon the plan invented
by Albert Brisbane," but it has since been
amended by- putting in the words " with
spheres." -I suppose that restores the prop-
osition as it was originaBy; and although I
have no opinion as to whether Mr. Brisbane's
plan is the best—very likely it is—I suppose
the object of the committee was to leave it
open to all plans. I merely wish to call atten-
tion to it. I do not know anything about it.
Mr. HARLAN. I supposed the ordinary
pneumatic tube had been sufficiently tested
heretofore in England, if not in our own coun-
try, and there would be no necessity of mak-
ing an appropriation merely to test it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand this
is a test.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Iowa
will look at it, he will find that the Printing
Committee and the Appropriation Committee
both thought that we ought to have some
cheaper and quicker means of communication
with the Government Printing Office, and
therefore the House put in an appropriation
to build a pneumatic tube. Then Mr. Bris-
bane got his name inserted as the man whose
plan was to be taken. That plan has never
been put in actual operation. The committee
therefore thought it ought to be left to the
proper officers of the Government to take the
best and cheapest plan, not to cramp every-
body, but to give all au equal chance.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; I shall make
no opposition to the action of the two com-
mittees.
Mr. COLE. I hope Senators will remember
that there is no pneumatic tube to the Govern-
ment Printing Office now, and it is necessary
to send this bill there very soon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iam wholly
opposed to this scheme, and I hope the Senate
will vote it out. The idea of having a pneu-
matic tube running from here on a direct line
to the Printing Office 
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken : it is to run under ground.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understood
it was to be above ground.
Mr. SAWYER. Not at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If it runs
underground I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion pending before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, so as to get at
it, to reconsider the vote by which the motion
of the Senator from Iowa was agreed to, insert-
ing the words " with spheres," and he makes
no objection to that. It will leave then all a
fair chance to have the best thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be regarded as agreed to unless objection
be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, then, I want the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa disa-
greed to, if he does not object, which will
leave the matter just as the committee had it.
