1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4397
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
strike out the name of Albert Brisbane.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That has already been
done. I propose to disagree with the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, which is in
manuscript.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not see any necessity for
a pneumatic tube between the Capitol and the
Government Printing Office. Why, sir, the
Senator from Louisiana offered an amendment
this evening, and in the twinkling of an eye it
was brought back here printed. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That cannot be
done all the time.
Mr. BLAIR. I really think there is no
necessity for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa will be dis-
agreed to unless objection be made.
Mr. NORWOOD. I have an amendment
to offer which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations. It consists of a House
bill for the purpose of building a court-house
for the United States circuit court in Atlanta,
Georgia. I will state to the Senate that as
long as that court has been held there it has
never had a court-house in which it could be
held. Besides, there is no post office in
Atlanta, except that kept in a wretched build-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator send his amendment to the Chair ?
Mr. NORWOOD. I propose it to come in
under the head of "judiciary." It isto insert
on page 7, after line one hundred and thirty-
nine, the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed a suitable building at Atlanta, Georgia,
for the accommodation of the United States court,
post office, and other Government offices, and cause
to be procured an eligible site for the same. The
lot and building, when completed, shall not exceed
the cost of $100,000: Provided, That no money to be
appropriated under this act shall be available until
a valid title to the said site shall be vested in the
United States, and until the State of Georgia duly
relinquishes jurisdiction over the same, and the
right to tax or otherwise assess said property while
in the possession of the United States.
I will explain this matter in a very few
words. I am credibly informed by a member
of the House who has gathered information on
this subject that the Government is now pay-
ing for its post office in Atlanta, about, I think,
four thousand dollars. It may be that it is paying
it for the post office and court-room together;
but it is paying the interest at ten per cent, on
$40,000 there for one or for both. But admit
it may be for both. The court-room is in the
third story of a building, and is too small to
accommodate the court with witnesses and
jurors, and the court really does not, from
the place in which it is held, possess that dig-
nity which a United States court should have,
and it is nothing bat justice to the Govern-
ment itself and respect to its own dignity, the
dignity of its own judiciary, that it should
provide a better court-house than it has in
Atlanta, and by providing a court-house and
post office together this annual expense will
be saved. The same gentleman informs me
that some forty thousand dollars have been
expended in Atlanta as expenses in that way
since the war; in what particulars I do not
know ; but that the Government has incurred
an expense of $40,000 since the war in refer-
ence to its court and its post office. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will allow this
amendment to go on the bill.
I am authorized to state to the Senate that
the city of Atlanta has proposed in advance
to donate a very fine lot, worth probably sixty
or seventy thousand dollars, upon which this
building may be located.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This appro-
priation for a public building at Atlanta,
Georgia, I suppose, is not in order. It has
not yet been reported favorably upon by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
There are some bills before the Senate that
have been so reported, or at least reported
without recommendation. I desired to call
the attention of the Senate, and should do so
but for our long and weary session, to several
appropriations in this bill for publje buildings
and grounds. It seems to have been the good
fortune of some plaees to get appropriations
on this bill that nave never received the ap-
proval of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds in either House. I would desire,
for instance, to call attention to the building at
Columbia, South Carolina, on page 14. The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Robertson]
originally got a bill through' for that place
appropriating $75,000, and the cost was limited
to that amount, but at a subsequent period
$25,000 more was appropriated, and it was
regarded at the Treasury Department that the
fact of appropriating $25,000 more repealed
the limitation, and that they could go on and
erect a building at any expense ; and the
expenditure now contemplated to build this
building is $285,000, when all that the Senator
from South Carolina asked for originally was
$75,000, and the appropriation was limited to
that sum. This bill now proposes to go on
and build a brick building when the first story
is built of granite.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me, that portion of the claim in reference to
building it of brick is stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, it isnot.
Mr. SAWYER. It was a clerical errorthat
brackets were not put around those words; but
they were not only stricken out in the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, but in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill
appropriates $50,000 more for that building.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to correct his statement? ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to discuss the matter. I merely wish
to call the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator says that
this amendment is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont has the floor. Does he yield to the Sen-
ator from Kansas?
Mr. POMEROY. I believe he can be take*
off the floor on a point of order. I make the
point on the statement which he makes, that
this amendment has not been reported favor-
ably by any committee, and therefore is not in
order under the rule. It is legislation, making
a legislative provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I will
move, in line three hundred and twenty-four, to
strike out "fifty" and insert "twenty-five."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A point of
order is raised on the amendment. The Chair
understands that it has not been reported by a
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the point on the
statement of the Senator from Vermont. I do
notknow anything about the facts myself.
Mr. NORWOOD. If the Senator will par-
don me, the facts are these: the bill came
here from the House and was referred to the
committee of which the honorable Senator
from Vermont is chairman. When this appro-
priation bill came up I applied to him to see
whether he could take action upon it. He
informed me that it was very doubtful, and
then I told him_ that I would move it as an
amendment to "this bill, first giving notice
under the rule. That was the best thing I
could do under the circumstances. If the
Senator from Kansas takes the point of order
under the thirtieth rule, I suppose my amend-
ment must go down.
Mr. POMEROY. I made it on the state-
ment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. NORWOOD. I hope the Senator will not
make the point under the circumstances. The
Committee on P-ublic Buildings and Grounds
did not make a report on the bill, as I under-
stood the chairman, because they had not time
then to act upon it. It was not because they
were either against or in favor of the proposi-
tion. I therefore gave him notice that I should
offer it in the Senate as an amendment on this
bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Are the com-
mittee in favor of it or not now ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
make a statement to show that the committee
have not been remiss in acting upon a suffi-
cient number of these bills. We have acted
on so many bills that the Secretary of the
Treasury has sent us two communications say-
ing that we have already made appropriations
for a much larger amount than usual, taking
both bodies into account, and that it would be
impossible for the architect of the Treasury to
take charge of any more buildings than were
already placed in his hands. I will state fur-
ther that we have any number of bills for build-
ings of this sort, which I have no doubt are
quite as worthy as this at Atlanta; certainly
some of them 1 am very sure will be reported
at the next session. I have not given particu-
lar attention to this case at Atlanta; but there
are some already reported favorably that have
passed the other House that would certainly
in my judgment take precedence of any one
that had not received the recommendation of
both Houses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is obliged to rule the amendment out of order,
the point being raised upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, before
this question goes out of sight, I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that
there are six or eight of these propositions in
the bill that are here without any considera-
tion on the part of the Committee on Public
Buildings of either House. If the Senate de-
sire that these subjects should be in the con-
trol of the Committees on Public Buildings
and Grounds, they ought not to tolerate any
amendment from other sources.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make any motion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
do not.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no sepa-
rate vote be demanded, the Chair will put the
question on concurring in all the amendments
together.
Mr. WEST. I desire to take a separate vote
on one question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor will indicate the amendment he desires
reserved.
Mr. WEST. On line six hundred and
seventy-seven, page 28, the Senate refused to
agree to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations striking out
"$8,000" and inserting "$18,000" for sur-
veying public lands in Louisiana. I want a
separate vote on that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
an amendment to be reserved. The Senator
can move it afterward.
Mr. COOPER. I wish to reserve fora vote
in the Senate the election amendment offered
by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Kel-
logg.]
Mr. SPENCER. I rise to an inquiry. I
have been absent for several days at Philadel-
phia, attending the convention, and am not
cognizant of the proceedings. I should like
to know whether the amendment was left in
the bill known as the Corliss amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was
ruled out of order. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee Qf the Whole, with the exception of
the one reserved.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the reserved amendment, called the
enforcement or election amendment.
Mr. COOPER. On that let us have the
yeas and nays.
