1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8501
that one of the last provisions of the bill re-
serves to tbe United States by act hereafter to
repeal or modify the provisions of this act. I
am aware that without that reservation we
should have that power, but in this act it
amounts to a notice, a declaration; and the
effect would-be, among others, to prevent any
inadequate structure, or to require an amplifi-
cation of this building essential-to the beauty
or preservation of the park.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Matyland. I undef-
stand-that, and I will Make a passing remark
upon that when I get' to that point. But I
desire to sav one word in regard to this-point.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the con-
sent of my friend, I will say that I have looked
at the map and his construction is right, and
mine also, because the railroad runs itl on the
street until it comes within a few feet of the
depot. Therefore if the street is bridged as
the bill says, that is bridging the railroad i'u
p&rk. '■ • 1
"Mr- HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is so,
and therefore the inference will be drawn from
the remarks of the Senator from New Jersey
that the whole railroad was laid down under
the supervision of the persons having control
of the grades of the city of Washington. But
it is not so. It is limited entirely, or almost
entirely, to that one thing, the construction
of the bridge across Sixth street. They are
charged-with the duty of seeing that that
bridge is properly constructed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Maryland will observe that this bridge is
■ only to be "of ample width and height to en-
able small carriages" to go over it. That is,
I suppose, pony-phaetons, dog-carts, and the
like.
Mr. CONKLING. Goat-carts, probably.
Mr, MORRILL, of -Vermont. It is not to
enable anything of a larger kind to go over.
It-speaks particularly of "small carriages."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, it
does provide that it shall be a bridge for the
passage of small carriages. Who is to judge
of what small carriages are, is one question.
I suppose the gentlemen who have control of
the grade of those streets may be able to de-
termine that; and they will determine in the
first place, before they undertake to determine
the character of the structure, what a small
carriage is. The very intelligent gentlemen
who have control of the grades of these streets
may determine, in the language of the honor-
able Senator from Vermont and of the honor-
able Senator from New York, that dog-cats,
and goat-cats,- and all that kind of carriages
are only meant by this section. It is in their
discretion, and having a discretionary power
they can exercise- it without appeal to any
court or place of last resort. But that is all
the power they possess under this section. It
is to determine whether that bridge is of suffi-
cient width and of sufficient capacity for the
passage of small carriages. Then what?
And the said company shall then adapt the grade
of said tracks to that which at any time laiy be de-
termined uijuu by the Bo-rd of Public Works, or
other authority having the Control of grades 01 saiu
Sixth street.
Then comes the qualifying clause, and it is
a clause which makes this company entirely
independent of these officers :
Such changes of grade, however, shall not he
made as will practically interfere with or destroy
the use of said depot by the regular trains ot saiu
company.
Therefore, while the bill does confer power
upon these officers to adapt the grades of the
tracks to the grades of the street, they are
not to interfere with the regular working oper-
ations of the company, and according to the
opinion of whom? The officers of that com-
pany, and they may determine to construct
the road so as to prevent any interference ot
the kind at the time. _
Now, Mr. President, a word m response to
what the honorable Senator from New York
Stated, that we had the power to modify oc
change this law, 'and therefore within the law
was contained a notification to this company
that tlieymight ki any time expect such a mod-
ification whenever in the judgment of Congress
it might be 'deemed expedient to exercise it.
I ^kiiow'there is great legal difficulty always
involved in', this power of repeal and modifica-
tion. It is so in the States. The question of
rights and of vested rights comes ia. The
question of- compensation conies in. Can it
be maintained by the honorable Senator from
New York that if they should construct a
depot here, and the people o£ this city should
in the future be dissatisfied with -it, we could
soi ,change or modify this law as at once>to dis
pense with ■ that structure without paying the
company adequate compensation-.therefor? If
they should go to great expense and construct
a depot that should give dissatisfaction either
to Congress or the city authorities, ami either
should determine to changco* modify this law
so as to secure the removal of that structure
and interrupt the business-of this company in
any material respect, the company would de-
mand at thehauds of Congress compensation,
unless yon put in a qualifying clause in regard
to that matter. There is the question of vested
rights. There are many legal complications
involved in that section of the law authorizing
Congress to change or modify it, and there lies
the difficulty.
When' the day does come, a3 it inevitably
will come, if we shall desire at any future
time to have "the use of these public grouuds
for a park, that this law shall be revoked,
changed, or modified so as to correct a griev-
ance or nuisance, the question of compensa-
tion will come up, and now we should guard
this bill against an unnecessary demand, an
unjust demand, an exaggerated demand on
the Government of the United States to pay
for anything connected with it.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Jersey 
Mr. BOREMAN. Will the Senator give
way for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. BORBMAN. I think we have remained
here long enough to-night.
Mr. MORTON and others. Let us finish
the bill.
Mr. BORBMAN. If we could come to a
vote, I should have no objection. I desire to
vote on this bill, but I do not feel like remain-
ing here much longer.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. BORBMAN. I am ready to vote, but
we cannot have a vote, and I do not expect
that we can get a vote to-night. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott.)
The Senator from West Virginia moves that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that for one moment.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will do so for a mo-
ment.
Mr. SPENCER. I am willing to adjourn
now, provided an agreement can be made to
vote on this bill without debate at some hour
to-morrow, say twelve o'clock.
Mr. NYE and others. Let us come to a
I want to vote on the
vote now-
Mr. BOREMAN.
blThe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Alabama make a proposition for
any special hour?
Mr, SPENCER. At twelve o'clock to-
morrow, without debate.
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I he Senator
from New Jersey objects.
Mr. BOREMAN. Ihen I move that the
Senate adjourn. ,
Mr. CONKLING. I should like an oppor-
tunity to appeal to the Senator to withdraw
that motion, and I make that appeal in the
interest of business which awaits this. Oer<
tainly we understand this question. We ean
vote upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us vote at twelve
o'clock to-morrow'without further debate.
* Mr. CONKLING. If we can have an agree-
ment of that sort, I shall not object; but to
have this matter go over, I submit tb my friend
from West Virginia, and hear if all redis-
cussed for another day or two, isaskioga good
deal at this stage of the session. ' '
Mr. BORBMAN. If we could have a vote
I should be willing to remain h'el-e, but we see
gentlemen ready to discuss this question. We
cannot get a vote to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we can.
Mr. SHERMAN. I-ask if Senators on the
other side will accede to the proposition of my
colleague to take the' vote ait twelve o'clock
to-tnon'ow ?
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. SPENCER.
Without debate.
Mr. BOREMAN. It tfould be discourteous
to make such a proposition while tftte Senator
from Missouri is on the fldor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does any
Senator make a proposition ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood ftiycolleague
to do so. '
Mr. THURMAN. I suggested taking a
vote at-twelve o'clock to-morrow if no Sena-
tor wishes to speak. I do not wish to suggest
it if any Senator desires tp spCak.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senator fr'om Mis-
souri is now on the floor, and gave way to me
to make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I will not make
the proposition. "
Mr. SHERMAN. How long does the Sen-
ator from Missouri wish to speak?
Mr. BLAIR. I am willing to enter into any
arrangement that other Setiators may agree to.
1 should have got through with what I had to
say by this lime if I had been allowed to go on.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest, that we agree
to vote at one o'clock to-morrow. ' '
ThePliESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio Suggests that the vote be taken on
this measure at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HAMILTON, -of Maryland. I object
to that. I have various amendments to offer.
Mr. CONKLING. Then Jet us finish it to-
night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland objects. The Senator from
Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR. I simply desire to notice a
remark of the Senator from New Jersey, who
in speaking on this subject called ourattontion
to the beautiful building to be erected npon
this land, which was to be such an ornament
to the city, equal to the building of the Smith'
sonian lustilution or the Agricultural Depart-
ment, and a plan of the building is being
hawked about and shown to Senators on this
floor. I desire to know what assurance we
have that such a building will be erected upon
that land. I remember very well that when
the ground on which the Center market stands
was leased to certain parties the plan of a
similar building was displayed in the commit-
tee-rooms, and it is to be seen there now, but
nothing like that structure has been erected
upon that ground, nothing to be compared
with-it. I desire to know what guarantee we
have that any snch structure will be erected
upon this ground. There is nothing in this
bill which Compels it. There is not even a
promise made by those to whom the grant is
to be made. We have nothing but, the display
of a painting from side to side in this body,
which is binding upon nobody. We shall have
no power to compel the erection of such a
building.
Then the Senator Called our attention to
the magnificent iron bridges that were to bo
thrown across Sixth street, which, when they
are scrutinized, turn out to be bridges that
shall carry a small carriage, and it that car-
riage had a horse to it, aud should be upon
