3502
THE CONGKESSIOiyUb GLORB.
May, 15,
buiJt aprog^.tbe entire pari
better, for it Would simp'
this iron bridge when alocomotive came under
it, I think the Senator from New Jersey would
dislike very much to; occ py< that if mall car-
riage. • Nothing could be more dangerous
than for any person iin a vehicle drawn- by
horses .tp expose himself on such a bridge
when a lofto)j>otive,was passing under it. , ,,
To ray ojiijd this building plight as well be
Ml •' k, and it wquld be
_■, be the destruction
of the park1 and might be the security of'the
lives,of the .people who will lie exposed in the
other portion of the park. I should prefer a,t
this moment to see a strip of a hundred and
fifty feet donated to this owppy to stretch
entirely across the p^rk and to prevent any
person passing over it, than to see the railroad
pass through, upon the grade of the street, ..
I do not know whether any appeal can be
made to this (Corporation to relent in its
demands, and I do not know that any demand
can be made by a. railroad upon this body that
will not .be acceded to; but it is well at this
time to enter a protect against this policy, I
think this railrpad company will be oompejled
to keep the same power over every future Con-,
gress that .sits here that it seems to have over
this if it expects to maintain that depot and
that railroad track across the park.. I think
the time will cotne, and that speedily, when
they will be compelled to pull down their depot
and pull up their tracks; and I think this con-
sideration, if no Other, should deter the com-
pany from persisting in, the demand which it
makes' to destroy the park which was intended
to beautify this pity. '
I was very glad to hear one suggestion from
the Senator from Pennsylvania who has this
bill in charge; that suggestion being that the
people of, this city might be permitted, undis-
turbed by railroad companies, to have a park
out upon Rock creek. Before this bill is
passed I think I shall make an endeavor to
test the sincerity of the Senator apd of that
side of the Senate by asking this railroad
company to pay the value of this grant, and
applying the proceeds to the purchase of a
park for, the people pf this city, if they are not
to be allowed to have one where it was laid out
by the Father of Mb Country and the founders
of the ?ity. , I think the ;Spnate cannot well
refuse to compel this company to pay the value
of this ground, and with that money tp enable
the people of the city to have a park where
the Senator promises us it will not be dis-
turbed by railroad corporations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the substitute pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont, on which
the yeas smd nays have been ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have it
reported. _ -
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill, and to insert the following :
That the chief officer of engineers of the Army of
the United States, the engineer officer in charge
of the public buildings and grounds in the city of
Washington, and the Quartermaster General of the
Army are hereby constituted a commission to exam-
ine the wholesubject of steam railway tracks enter-
ing the city or Washington, both as to existing
roads and those in course of construction, ana
especially as to connections, the location and con-
struction of depots, so as to avoid the obstruction of
streets, avenues, and public squares, as far as possi-
ble, and report a full and comprehensive plan, em-
bracing all the above points and all matters properly
eonneoted therewith, to Congress, as soon as may be.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CALDWELL. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Ames.] He would vote " yea," and I should
vote "nay."
Mr. CHANDLER, On this question X am
paired with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard.] I should vote "yea," and he
would vote " nay."
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr, Edmunds.] If
.he were here he would, vote "yea>" and X
should vote " ay."
Mr. .FRELINGHUYSE]^ J am .paired
with the, Sector from Qhip, [Mr. TutJiuiUN,]
Be would vote "yea,*' aud I should vote
"nay.,',S
Mr. LEWIS, On this Question I am, paired
with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Sohpsz.]
If he were here be would vote "yea," and I
should, vote " ay," •
Mr. BAM8EY. On: this question I am
paired with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mi?. Fbbry;] He would vote "yea," and I
should vote "nay."
Mr. SAULS BURY. On this question I
am paired with the 8enator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter.] If he were here he would
vote " nay,'' and I should vote "yea."
■ Mr. SPENOER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] If he were here he would
vote "yea,"and'I should vote " nay."
Mr. VICKERS. On this question 1 am
paired with the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Gilbert.] Ishohldvote "yes," and he would
vote nay."
Mr. WRIGHT. "On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Minnesota; [Mr. Wis-
dom.] He would vote "nay," and I should
vote " yea."
The result was announced—yeas II, nays
27; as follows!
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Cboper, Davis of.
West Virginia, Qoldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Mjomll of Vermont, Norwood,
Sprague, and Stevenson—11. .
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorfi, Buckingham, Cameron,
Clayton, Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Hilt,
Uitohcock, ilowe. Kelly, Logan, Morton. Nye, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ransom. Robertson,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Tipton,
and Wiiwon—27.
ABSENT—Messrs.Awes, Anthony, Bayard, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Carponter, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Cbrbett, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry
of Cottneetiont, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,.
Hamlin, Harlan. Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine,Patterson,Ramsey,Rice.baulsbury.Schurz,
Spencer, Sumner, ¥hurman,Trumbu)l,Vickers, West,
Windom, and Wright—36. -
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILH, of Vermont. I now offer
an amendment as a substitute, yfhich X send
to the Chair. I will merely state that it is
the same proposition which passed tVe Senate
two years ago by an almost unanimous vote.
I think there was not a single vote against it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That for the purpose of connecting the grounds
already owned and belonging to the United States in
the city of Washington for the purpose of the estab-
lishment of-a public park, tbu offloer in charge of
public buildings and grounds is hereby authorised to
exorcise such control as njaybestrictlyneo^ssary for
this object over the public reservations herein enum-
erated, namely: reservation No. 1, south of the
President's House; reservation No. 3, wherein stands
the Washington monument; reservation JSIo.2, in-
cluding the grounds occupied by the Agricultural
Department and around the Smithsonian Institu-
tion ; Armory square, upon which is located the
armory building; the grounds bounded by Missouri
and Maine avenues, between Third and Sixth streets,
and the Botanical Garden and Capitol grounds. And
he is hereby authorised to ofler premiums not exceedr
ing in all the sum of 41,000 for the best plan of laying
out and improving said park, to be snbmitted to the
decision of a committee of three Suitable persons to
be appointed by the Vice President of the United
States and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, and the commission mar adopt, with the ap-
proval of the President of the United States, any plan
or combination of parts of plans thus submitted which
at the least expense shall appear to offer the greatest
Mr. CAMERON. I have only to say that
I trust we shall not adopt that amendment,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely ask
for a division of the Senate upon it, I do not
ask for the yeas and nays. _
The amendment was rejected; there being
on a division—ayes 11, noes 30.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Nowl pro-
pose to offer some amendments that I .con-
sider important to the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Was not the other im-
portant [daughter.}
. Mr, CQNJILING. You are in earnest
about this ion,e. , [Laughter.]
Mr,MORRII^. of v>rijaopt The amend-
ment I just offeredf begging tha pardon pf the
Senator from New York, was a substitute for
this-bill; })ut now, as .it appears that it is the
purpose of the Senate to pass the bill, I pro-
pose to hav.® a vote pa some sweadnmts that
| jconsidkr (essential to tlja bill.
Mr. CONKLING, That means yon are in
.ear ept;aba\it this? , ,, ,
Jlr, MORRILL, of Term oat, I was in
earnest alfout tfla ptjher. -
Mr. CONKHNGi i do not say you were
not. This ypu are in earnest about,
Mr. MQK.R1LL, of Vermpnt, On page 2,
line thirty-five, I move to strike out the word
"a," and after the word " bridge" I move to
add the lefter "g," and in line thirty-six to
strike out the word "arpall," before "car-
riages)" so. that it will read,, ".handsome iron
bridges of ample width and height tp enable
carriages to pass over the. said street freely and
without danger," .
This amendment provides that thwe shall
be more than one bridge, and they shall be of
a different character from that described in
this bill. X ask for the yeas and nays on this
amendment, .
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I suppose L,am paired
off with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.] Tliis amendment had aot been
introduced at the time of the pair, hut X sup-
pose it is utiderptood to include this. I should
vote "nay," and he would vote "yaa" if ho
were here, .
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am paired
with the Senator from, Ohio, [M«. Tkukjun.]
He would vote "yea," and I should- vote
"nay." , . . •
Mr. SAULSBIJRY, On this question and
on all questions connected with itnis bill, and
on the final passage of the. .bill. J am paired
with the Senator fr.om Wisconsin, [Mr. Cau-
Fenteh,] He w.ould vote against all amend-
ments and for the bill,, and I would vote in
favor of all amendments aud against this bill.
Mr. SPENCER. On this question 1 am
paired with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumssr,] If.he were here he would vote
"yea," and I should vote " nay."
Mr. VICKERS. I am paired with the Sen-
ator froto Michigan [Mr. Chandler] on this
bill.
Mr, CHANDLER.. X am here.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Gilbert] and the .Senator from. -Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] on opposite sides are paired off with
each other to enable Senators who have paired
with them to vote.
Mr. CALDWELL, (after first voting in the
negative.) I desire to withdraw my vote. I
voted inadvertently. I paired with the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr., Am.bs>] He would
vote "yea," and 1 should vote "nay."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
vote will be withdrawn, if there be no objec-
tion-
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose I may as well
repeat again that I am paired with the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry.] He would
vote "yea," and I should vote " nay."
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays
26: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cooper, Cragin. Davis of West Virginia, Gold-
tbwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Sprague, Stevenson,
and Vickers—14. .
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Cameron, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Conkling, Ferry of Michigan, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Keily.Loigan, Morton, Nye'.Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman. Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, and Wil-
son—28.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow. Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole. Cor-
bett, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds. Fenton, lerry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
i Hamlin, _Johnston,. Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill or
