1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
ing fabrics, and of those who would abruptly
disturb our industry by sudden and radical re-
duction of duties to what they term a free-trade
standard, and perhaps both classes of opposi-
tion will unite in repealing the purely revenue
duty on tea and coffee. If this is done, we can
repeal no other taxes with safety to tbe public
service, and I will then vote for striking out
the ratable reduction ou textile and metallic
fabrics.
Indeed, Senators, the only question about
which there is much controversy in this tariff
bill is whether you will leave all the present
duties stand upon textile and metallic fabrics
after we have given their producers the raw
material free of duty and repealed all taxes
upon them of an internal character, and re-
pealed the purely revenue duty on tea and
.coffee, or whether you will reduce the taxes
on textile and metallic fabrics. My friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] has presented
by his amendment, very properly, at the out-
set, the only question in this whole tariff debate,
and if that question was settled, we could
arrange the details of the entire bill in one
day. If, therefore, Senators unite—I do not
speak of parties in this matter—but if Sen-
ators who represent different constituencies
unite in repealing the duty on tea and coffee,
it is utterly impossible for us to go one step
further, because, as I have shown, the very
utmost limit to which we can go in the repeal
of tariff duties, if we propose to reduce our
internal revenue, is $21,000,000. We dare
not go beyond that; and if you repeal the
duty on tea and coffee, you have surrendered
all the revenue we can afford to surrender.
I hope, therefore, that Senators when they
come to vote ou this final question, though all
would like to vote to repeal the duty on tea
and coffee, so as to give relief to every family
in the country to some extent, will remember
that by such a vote we foreclose ourselves from
the power of repealing the duties on textile
fabrics.
I have listened with patience day after day
to the statements of gentlemen who are inter-
ested in our domestic productions. I am a
firm believer in the general idea of protecting
their industry; but I assure them, as I have
assured their representatives here, that if the
present high rates of duties, unexampled in
our country, higher than they were in 18G1 by
nearly fifty per cent., are maintained on me-
tallic and textile fabrics, after we have repealed
the very internal taxes which gave rise to them,
after we have substantially given them their
raw materials free of duties, we shall have a
feeling of dissatisfaction among other inter-
ests in the country that will overthrow the
whole system, and do greater harm than can
possibly be done by a moderate reduction of
the present rates of duty. And I am quite
sure that intelligent men engaged in the pro-
duction of various forms of textile and metal-
lic fabrics feel as I do, that it is wiser and bet-
ter to do what is just and right, to make a
reduction on their products at least to the
extent of the reduction in this bill ou their
raw material, rather than to invite a contro-
versy in which I believe they will be in the
wrong.
I have now, Mr. President, stated the gen-
eral features of this bill. I will end as I com-
menced, with the congratulation that we are
able so soon again to throw off burdens
cheerfully assumed by our people during the
great civil war. No man can candidly'review
the dangers we have passed, the difficulties we
have overcome, the burdens we have borne,
and the success, growth, and prosperity that
attended us amid all our difficulties, without a
reverent feeling of thankfulness to Almighty
God. Our honorable name and admitted rank
among ihe nations of the earth, the general
intelligence and comfort of our people, the
rapid spread of our civilization over the west-
ern plains, the diversity of our industry, and
the vast increase of our productions—all these
are accomplished results, which, if properly
preserved and utilized, will realize the highest
good that can be derived from human govern-
ment. «
Mr. SCOTT addressed the Senate in remarks
which will be found in the Appendix.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the vote is taken
on that question I desire, with the consent of
the Chair, to make certain modifications of
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance. I suppose the Committee on Finance
have a right to modify their amendment before
the vote is taken or the yeas and nays are
ordered upon it. I will ask the Secretary,
therefore, simply to note the amendments I
send up, as modifications made by the com-
mittee. I presume it is not necessary to take
a vote upon them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the modifications.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest that we had bet-
ter adjourn over until Monday; and, if the
chairman will give way, I will make that
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can go on to-
morrow, but I have no particular wish about
it. If the Senate is manifestly disposed to
adjourn over, of course it will do so. We are
very much crowded, and it would be well if
we could get a vote on these important amend-
ments. I do not wish the question taken on
these amendments without a quorum.
Mr. COLE. I do not think there will be
any difficulty in having a meeting to morrow.
Mr. FENTON. If the chairman of the
committee will give way for a moment I will
make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio yield to the Senator from
New York?
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will remain-
in session to-morrow in order to proceed with
the real business of the session. We have now
just touched matters of business, and we pro-
pose to adjourn over and waste a day. We
have wasted many weeks on matters that did
not pertain to business at all. I really think
we can get a quorum here to-morrow. I will
make this proposition: if the Senate will re-
main in session to-morrow I will consent that
all w+io want to be absent may be absent, and
I have no donbt the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs and myself can get along
very well with the Indian appropriation bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I intended to vote for
adjourning over, but after the very earnest
appeal of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, [laughter,] I think I shall vote to sit
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance will be modified as proposed
by the chairman of that committee. The Chair
will present a message from the President of
the united States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the Chair
to say that after the bill is reported the com-
mittee itself has a right to modify the amend-
ments reported by them ? I thought the ruling
had been otherwise. I merely ask for inform-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
there can be no doubt about it, if it is done by
direction of the committee. Certainly the
chairman of the committee would have no
right to do it, but he staled that this was by
direction of the committee itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. These are modifications
agreed upon by the committee unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
decided repeatedly in the ease of a bill re-
ported by a committee that the gentleman
reporting it has no right to modify it or accept
amendments to it; but the question in this
case is whether a committee have not the
same right to modify an amendment that they
report that an individual member would have
to modify an amendment that he presents.
The Chair thinks they certainly have that
right. If the Senator from Vermont doubts
it, however, the Chair will submit the ques-
tion to the Senate whether a committee have
the same right to modify a bill which they
have prepared as a member himself would
have a right to modify a bill he had prepared
alone.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought of modifying
it so that the modifications should be open to
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not making this
objection in order to embarrass anybody ; but
I think it injurious to the transaction of busi-
ness that a report made by a committee, which
is an official act, and which ceases to be their
property when it is presented to the Senate,
and becomes the property of the Senate, can be
modified by a body of people who, when in
this Chamber, have no different rights from
any other members. It becomes part of the
official action of the Senate. I only make
this suggestion now, not for the purpose of
embarrassing this bill, because 1 would be
quite willing, for one, to assent to anything
that is agreeable ; but as a rule for the future
I should think it would be somewhat danger-
ous to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
does not make this objection now, but while
this matter is on his mind the Chair desires to
present this point to him: when a member has
presented a bill, it has been read twice, re-
ferred to a committee, reported, and placed
on the Calendar; ithas passed from his power.
But when a bill has been presented by a mem-
ber, and thus passed from his consideration,
when it comes before the Senate, if there has
been no amendment to it, no decision upon
it, no yeas and nays ordered upon it, the rules
allow him to modify it. Now, the question is
whether, when a committee report a bill and it
is placed also on tbe Calendar, and afterward
comes up, they should not have the same right
to modify their bill that a Senator would have
at that particular stage to modify his own bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to that is
that a committee can have no existence in this
body. It is a selection of members who act
outside of the body and bring in the result of
their work, which then becomes the property
of the Senate to all intents and purposes. It
is not the individual property of the committee
or of any of its members, it is a part of tjie
official action of the Senate, and therefore a
committee cannot, modify any more than the
Senate could modify something it had already
agreed to. I think that is the distinction ; but,
as I say, I do not make the point now, because
it may embarrass what Senators wish to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make a single suggestion to the Senator from
Vermont. A bill is written out by a Senator
at his own lodgings and brought here ; the re-
port of a committee is made up in their com-
mittee-room and brought here after the Sen-
ate has been called to order and organized:
and the Chair cannot yet, with all respect for
the opinion of the Senator from Vermont, see
the distinction which is evident in his mind,
but does not occur to the mind of the Chair.
However, in order that there shall be no ques-
tion of it, and that it may be reserved for
future consideration, the Senator from Ohio
asks consent that the Committee' on Finance
may modify their amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ That consent is
granted, and this point of right is reserved,
though the Chair is of the same opinion as he
has before stated. Now, if there is no objec-
tion, the Chair will present a message of the
President of the United States.
Several Senators. No objection.
