THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
for a road , further south. The matter had
been; delayed by a failure of the persons who
have assumed the duty of building this road
heretofore to comply with the law. The peo-
ple of. California have had their hopes repeat-
edly crushed in reference to this line by the
failure of persons who have promised to under-
take this great work.
You remember that at first Fremont led us
to believe that he was going to make the
Southern Pacific railroad line speedily, and a
bill was passed through Congress in aid of
him and. his associates to construct this work.
Shortly after the passage of that bill it fell into
the hands of Marshall 0. Roberts, of New
York, as president of the company, with a
promise to the people that capital would be
put into it from New York; that a large num-
ber of capitalists would put in, say half a mil-
lien apiece, and -they would go ahead with the
work and construct two hundred miles out of
their own means before taking any aid or
availing themselves of any aid the Govern-
ment might render to the work. Our hopes,
so far as those two persons are concerned,
have entirely failed.
Now, as I understand, the proposition is
that another company, distinct persons, per-
sons as we hope of more energy, shall take
bold of this great work and push it through.
We have at least the promise that such will be
the' case. The people of the Pacific coast
particularly are exceedingly anxious about
this matter, and hopeful that the road maybe
built if the privileges or some of the privileges
that are embodied in this hill are accorded
them in the way of encouraging them to go
ahead.
That some amendments to the original act
of 1871 are necessary nt this time there can be
no question, because of the lapse of time ren-
dering it impossible for any person from the
organization of this new company, as I under-
stand there is a new company organized, to
complete the work within the time specified in
the law. Other advantages besides the exten-
sion of time are asked for by these parties.
We hope tbey are asked for in good faith. We
hope they intend to go on with the work.
They are vouched for by persons who assert
that they will go on with the work in good
faith to complete it within the time that is
proposed iii these amendments. They have
so assured the Committee on the Pacific Kail-
road who have reported these amendments,
and I trust that there may be no failure the
third time, or by the parties in whose hands
it has fallen for the third time to go ahead
with it.
That this road is necessary for communica-
tion between the Pacific coast and the Atlantic
States is true, for the reason I mentioned a few
moments ago, the obstruction of the present
road by snow. But, sir, that is not all the ad-
vantage that is to result from the construction
of this Southern Pacific railroad. It will, to
be sure, be free from obstruction by snow ; but
it will also have a great tendency to settle the
Apache question. It will, without any doubt,
in my judgment, settle all the disturbances be-
tween our people and the hostile Apaches, the
only Indian nation now that is at war with us
constantly ; and running near our southern
borders it will open up better relations between
lis and the republic south of us, I have no
question. There is no doubt that it will be a
great accommodation to the people of the
southern part of the United States on the At-
lantic slope, on this side of the llocky mount-
ains. They desire it. The people of the
southern portion of California are also deeply
interested in the railroad, and particularly the
port of San Diego. The seaports on the Pa-
cific coast are very few. There are only two
that aS'ord good harbors on all the extensive
coast of California, of a thousand miles, the
harbor of San Francisco and the harbor of San
Diego, each being a most excellent and safe
harbor.
I hope the amendment of my colleague will
be adopted, for the reason that I believe with
due exertion the company having this road in
charge can comply with it. I would not em-
barrass them by asking anything unreasonable.
I do not know exactly the extent of tunnel
they will hav.e to construct. I think, however,
it is not to exceed a third of a mile in length ;
not much more than that at all events, and I
presume a tunnel of that length can be made
within the time, specified. But if they could
not do it within that time, and showed a dis-
position to go ahead with the work, I have no
doubt Congress would relieve them afterward
and would take no advantage whatever of any
failure to comply with the law by reason of
their inability to do so.
Mr. SCOTT.' When this bill first went to
the committee, as I have already stated, there
was a provision which authorized the com-
pany to build entirely from, the eastern term-
inus. On representations made before the
committee by the Pacific interests, it was
deemed advisable that the bill as originally pre-
sented should not he reported, but that this
provision should be incorporated. Now, I
am informed by those best acquainted with the
subject that it was expected in the first place
that the company would be able to construct
this road out of San Diego without tunneling,
but upon coming to select a route it was found
absolutely indispensable, to secure an eligible
route, that a tunnel should be constructed, as
the Senator from California [Mr. Cole] has
stated ; and this is the reason why delay is
asked in the first period of the construction
of the road. As I stated in the explanations
which I made about the bill in the beginning,
that part of the road runs through a territory
where it is exceedingly difficult to build a
road, a country not very populous and which
does not offer very large inducements in the
way of trade and travel to the road when it is
completed ; so that to require the terms ori-
ginally imposed upon this company would be
really crippling the enterprise and preventing
to a great extent the much-desired completion
of the road. I think the terms now proposed
are as onerous as the company could comply
with. That was the impression of the com-
mittee, and it seemed to be, when agreed
upon, acceptable to the interests of the Cali-
fornia coast. Our friends now seem to think
they ought to have a little better terms, but I
think their purpose will be accomplished more
successfully by passing the bill as it is, than by
seeking to put an additional burden on the
company.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think my friend from
Pennsylvania mnst be under some misunder-
standing, so far as I am concerned, when he
says that the amendment as coming from the
committee was acceptable to the Senators from
the Pacific coast.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not say the Senator had
expressed his satisfaction. I said the com-
mittee were under the impression that it was
satisfactory to the California interest.
Mr. CASSERLY. The fact is, that, accord-
ing to my information, the ground on which
this amendment is put is not well founded.
That ground I understand to be the difficulty
of building the first twenty or twenty-five miles
eastward from San Diego. I understand it to
be alleged, among other difficulties, that the
construction of a very expensive tunnel of
considerable length will be required. It is
due to myself to say that, having heard of
this objection, no doubt presented in good
faith by the person who did present it to me,
I took the pains to inquire into all that part
of the subject. I conversed with a very intel-
ligent gentleman, the engineer of the San
Diego and Gila Railroad Company; I exam-
ined his maps, which are very elaborate and
very fine specimens of that kind of work, ex-
amined his surveys, his field-notes, went
through the whole line as laid out by bim from
San Diego at least one hundred and fifty milea
eastward, even as far as the Colorado river at
Fort Yuma ; and so far as I could judge with
the information which I have, which is by no
means narrow, there is no reason to doubt the
accuracy of the maps and surveys which he
submitted.
I was assured by him that for nineteen
miles, if not twenty, out of San Diego there
was as good a grade as could be desired, a
grade which was so slight as to increase the
expense very little, if anything, over that to
be incurred for running upon a water level.
In view of that statement, it is difficult for me
to accept the counter-statement, that the
requirement that the company shall build
twenty miles in two years is of such a char-
acter as practically to prevent the building
of the road at all by forbidding the investment
of any money in its bonds.
Every one of us is obliged to act in such a
case upon the lights which he has; and, repre-
senting in part the State of California, having
heard a great deal of the wants and claims
also of the people of San Diego, I shall be
very reluctant to allow this bill to pass with-
out making an effort to secure for them and
for the State of California some small part at
least of the performance to which the company
was bound by the act of last year.
I agree with all that my colleague has so
well said as to the importance of this work.
I do not doubt that when built in the style in
which I trust it will be built by those who are
now managing the work, and conducted as
I hope it will be conducted by them, it will
be a very favorite route for th at movement of
passengers and of merchandise which must
within no distant period become so great be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific shores of this
continent. It is a route which at no season
can be obstructed by the elements, certainly
not by frost or snow. Indeed, no obstruction
can take place that I now think of, except by
some of those extraordinary elemental out-
bursts to which of course railroads are subject
everywhere.
I am very desirous that the road should be
built. I am desirous it should be built with
dispatch.' I am not the one to interpose any
delay or impediment to a work that I regard
as so desirable in every aspect, a work which
in some views of it is little less than magnifi-
cent in its greatness, in its utility, in the far-
reaching and beneficent results which it must
work for the people of a large portion of
this country. In the very first line of these re-
sults I put the benign influences which it must
exert in helping the desolated States of the
South once more to recover themselves, once
more to reconstruct, by a true and righteous
and merciful reconstruction their shattered
interests—a work which shall infuse new life
into their system—which (if I may apply to a
subject like this the beautiful figure once
applied to the whole country by a very great
man) will almost at a touch lift up the pros-
trate body of the South to new life and to
restored energies. For that, sir—and it is to
me a consideration not inferior; I place it on
the same line with the considerations referring
to the interests of my own people on the Pacific
coast—this is a great enterprise. It will have
its results in my own State also. Passing
through the lower part of the State of Califor-
nia to the port of San Diego on the Pacific,
it will come, it must come to the grand objec-
tive point of all your great thoroughfares across
this continent, the city of San Francisco. It
will pass on its way from San Diego to San
Francisco through a land of "corn and vines
and flowers" and of all the flowers, of vines,
and of fruits that are found in temperate or in
semi tropical lands.
^ I can think of no railroad enterprise which,
since 1 have been in Congress, has presented
itself to my mind as surrounded by considers-
