1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
saving it. It is estimated that the damages done ,
l'rom these causes cannot be le^ than $20,000,000 in j
the lower peninsula of Michigan. In consequence j
of the fires tho stock of logs to be put in this winter .
-will be largely increased, as it is a necessity that the l
burnt timber must be hauled in within a year, or it ■
becomes worthless on account of borers. j
A large stock of log3 is now being put in, in antici- i
pation of the increased demand caused by the lire-',
and any considerable addition to that amount from
Canada tends to depreciate tho price of all. It is .
estimated by many good judges that there will bean j
overstock in our markets without taking any foreign |
lumber. ' j
Thecutting of the logs in Michigan and Wisconsin I
has been made under the expectation that the Gov- i
ernment would not alter the duties, and if this bill I
is passed large losses to the lumbermen must result, j
The lumbermen of Michigan and Wisconsin, already j
large losers by the fires, are nofc the ones to contribute i
largely to rebuild Chicago. We have already been i
called upon heavily to assist those who have been I
burnedout of house and hornein our own States, and j
think we should not now be forced to pay beyond our '
means. i
Another objection to this bill is the difficulty of so
guarding the bill that it shall not be a means whereby >
large quantities of lumber may be imported free and
used for other purposes than rebuilding Chicago.
We claim that this is class legislation, and in a
worse form than could usually be the case, from the
fact that what is given is taken from those who,
according to their means, have lost as heavily.
EERltY, SEELY & CO., and others.
The memorials were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. "WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying that a bounty
of $8 33| a month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
time served, and that the twenty-fifth section
of the act of July 15, 1870, be amended so as
to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the amount
of land therein allowed without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Atfairs.
Mr. TRUMBDLli presented the petition
of J. A. Somerly, publisher of the Chron-
icle and Herald, of Elmwood, Peoria county,
Illinois, praying an amendment to section
one hundred and sixty-two of the bill for the
revision of the postal laws; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post 1
Roads.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of citizens
of Nevada, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from Battle Mountain Station, by
Tuscarora and White Rock City, to Mountain
City ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of Abby Baker, of Bethel, Vermont,
praying for a special act of Congress to enable
her to draw a pension from the date of the
decease of her son, who died while in the ser-
vice of the United States, instead of from the
date of her application ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of the Na-
tional Bureau of Migration, praying the pas-
sage of a bill to incorpoiate the National
Bureau of Migration and the National Emi-
grant and Homestead Money Exchange, Sav-
ings Bank, Loan and Trust Company; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of E. B.
Ward, G. B. Stebbins, and others, members
of the American Industrial^ League, praying
such legislation as will give protection to
American industry : which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of a
large number of merchants of New_ Bedford,
Massachusetts, asking the passage of the bill
providing for the payment of spoliations by
France on American commerce prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table. .
He also presented the memorial of the Rad-
ical Reform Club, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, protesting against the introduction of
any religious tests in the Constitution of tlie
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present also the petition
of James Macdonald, of Colorado Territory,
setting forth that the settlement and devel-
opment of the public lands there is greatly
retarded by reason of claims to land under
Mexican land grants remaining unprovided
and unsettled. He asks a declaration on the
subject from Congress, and deems it import-
ant to the sale of those lands. I move the
reference of the petition to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SDMNER. I also present a peti-
tion of merchants of Boston, setting forth the
destruction of the walrus in Behring's straits
and in the waters of the northern Pacific, say-
ing that unless it be arrested the walrus will
be entirely destroyed and the people on the
coast will suffer. They pray Congress to enact
such laws protecting the walrus in the arctic
seas as shall seem best adapted to secure that
end. I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of Jacob
Scott and one hundred and thirty others, of
Sacramento, California, praying the passage
of the supplementary civil rights bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Erie, Pennsylvania, praying the passage of
the supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented another petition of citi-
zens of Erie, Pennsylvania, praying the pas-
sage of the supplementary civil rights bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
from Milton, North Carolina, in which the
petitioners say that they " sincerely entertain
the opinion that if the bill should become a
law the last relic of slavery will have disap-
peared." I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a similar
petition signed by all the colored members of
the Legislature of Louisiana, forwarded to me
by Mr. Pinehbaek, who, I understand, is the
president of the senate of Louisiana. I move
that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I present the remonstrance
of citizens of McGrawville, Cortland county,
New York, against granting a pension to Fred-
erick Garlick, and T desire the attention for a
moment of the chairman of the Committee
on Pensions. This remonstrance relates to a
bill which lias passed the House of Repre-
sentatives and is now before the Committee
on Pensions. I move its reference to the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Roby F. Place, praying that she be granted
arrears of pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a memorial of one
hundred and twelve citizens of Washington,
District of Columbia, remonstrating against a
pro'posed amendment to the Constitution rec-
ognizing " God as the source of all authority
and power in civil government," and the
"Lord Jesns Christ as the Ruler among
nations, and His revealed will as the supreme
authority;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of
citizens of the United States, praying indem-
nity for French spoliations committed between
the years 1793 and 1801 ; which was ordered
to lie on the table. _ .
Mr. CRAG IN presented the petition of
Captain Calvin A. Laws, praying that he be
granted a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of S. B.
Bissell, United States Navy, in relation to pay
of officers on the retired list of the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. , . .
Mr. COLE presented a petition of liquor
dealers of Sacramento, California, praying a
modification of the law regulating the sale ol
distilled spirits; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of James
H. Carleton, lieutenant colonel United States
Army, praying remuneration to his children
for property destroyed by United States forces
at Albuquerque, New Mexico ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking the establishment
of a weekly mail route from Weaverville,
Trinity county, via Minersville, to Trinity Cen-
tre, Trinity county, California; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying that a bounty of
$8 33J per month be granted to all soldiers,
seamen, and marines who .served in the late
war for the suppression of the rebellion ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. MORTON. I present a petition from
a meeting of the Society of Friends, held in
New York, relating to the settlement of inter-
national difficulties by arbitration, and avoid-
ing war, in which they say that "we hailed
with joy the recent arrangement by which the
settlement of the differences between our Gov-
ernment and that of Great Britain was referred
to a court of high commission, and we re-
spectfully entreat that the attention of the
President and of Congress may be earnestly
directed to the promotion of arrangements for
the settlement of any future national differ-
ences that may arise by arbitration rather than
by resort to the sword." I move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I present also a petition
of numerous citizens of Indianapolis, in which
they say that "we, the undersigned, citizens
of the United States, being denied the enjoy-
ment of rights and privileges that our citizen-
ship and our manhood entitle us to, do most
earnestly and respectfully pray your honorable
body to pass the bill now pending in the Sen-
ate, known as the ' supplementary civil rights
bill,' being Senate bill No. 99, entitled ' An
act to protect all citizens of the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means
for their vindication.' " I move that the peti-
tion lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I also present the petition
of letter-carriers of Indianapolis, praying for
the passage of a law increasing their compen-
sation ; and I especially desire to ask the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads to the facts stated, aa
I think the case made out is a very strong one.
I move the reference of the petition to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of one
hundred and ninety citizens of Ohio, late sol-
diers of the United States, praying^for the
passage of an act granting a bounty of $8 33 J
a month to all honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors for the entire time served, and for
an amendment to the twenty-fifth section of
the act approved July 15, 1870, so as to per-
mit soldiers or sailors to enter the amount
of land therein allowed without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. .
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition ol
citizens of Ohio, praying a modification of the
law in relation to tlie sale of stamped envel*
opes; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that a bounty
of $8 33J a month be granted to all honorably
