1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•1711
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a recommendation
of Hon. M. D. Leggett, Commissioner of Pat-
ents, for the reorganization of his office, and a
letter of the Secretary of the Interior accom-
panying it; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 131) to change thebound-
aries of the collection district of Brazos de
Santiago, in the State of Texas—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of
Wiliam Vails, late a private in company A,
third regiment Indiana volunteer cavalry—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1638) to create the
Linkton land district, in the State of Ore-
gon—to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1149) to authorize the
commissioners of claims to appoint special
commissioners to take testimony, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pen-
sion to Elizabeth Harding—to the Committee
on Pensions.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Claims :
The bill (H. R. No. 1063) to reimburse the
State of Kansas for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion ;
The bill (H. R. No. 1786) for the relief of
Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin, Con-
necticut ;
The bill (H. R. No. 1940) for the relief of
William Andrews ;
The bill (H. li. No. 1941) for the relief of
Haas & Powell, of Chicago, Illinois ;
The bill (H. R. No. 1942) for the relief of
D. C. Farrell, of Peoria, Illinois;
The bill (H. R. No. 1943) for the relief of
Robert Williams, jr., collector third district
Ohio :
The bill (H. R. No. 1944) for the relief of
Edward F. Gates, postmaster at Thomaston,
Connecticut; and
The. bill (H. R. No. 1945) for the relief of
E. W! Whitaker, of Hartford, Connecticut.
tariff bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Finance having modified their substitute
for House bill No. 173" the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has moved an amendment. The Sen-
ator desires his amendment to apply to the
modified bill?
. Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir; I desire that it may
be the pending amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is pending as
an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. FENTON. Now I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks consent to enter a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object, but be-
fore the vote is taken I wish to say that I am
paired on this question with the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] who would if here vote
to adjourn over, and I should vote against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
before the Senate by unanimous consent, and
the question is on the motion that when the
Senate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 26, noes 12. «
agricultural convention proceedings.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed twenty-five
thousand copies of the proceedings of the convention
of delegates from American colleges, State agricul-
tural societies, ka., held in the city of Washington.
February 15,16, and 17,1872; two thousand for the
use of the Senate, six thousand for the House, and
seventeen thousand to be distributed by the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, including one hundred
copies to be supplied to each delegate to the con-
vention.
report of a committee.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1390) for the relief of the sureties of the
late Jesse J. Simpkins, deceased, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary ; which was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced "that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills ; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R, No. 1550) for the relief of
the estate of Dr. John F. Hanks;
A bill (H. R. No. 023) granting a pension
to Joseph Bryant;
A bill (H. R. No. 1021) for the relief of pre-
emption settlers in California ;
A bill (H. R. No. G19) appropriating
money for the purchase of a suitable site, and
erecting a building thereon, in the city of St.
Louis, Missouri, to be used for the purposes
of a custom-house, post office, and other
Federal offices ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1056) authorizing the sur-
vey and marking of the boundary between the
territory of the United States and the posses-
sions of Great Britain from the Lake of the
Woods to the summit of the Rocky mount-
ains.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the adjournment of
the Senate to-day I move to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 1021 was passed yes-
terday. I make the motion, not because I
wish to commit myself certainly against the bill,
but because 1 have some doubts as to the pro-
priety of the bill. I do not ask for action now,
in consequence of the absence of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Casskrlit,] who had the
bill in charge. 1 merely enter the motion to
reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa proposes to enter a motion to reconsider
the vote upon the passage of a bill which the
Speaker and Vice President have already
signed as an enrolled bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
may be mistaken in the number of the bill. I
think the bill to which he alludes has not passed
the other House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa referred to the bill (H. R. No. 1021) for
the relief of preemption settlers in the State
of California.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
had reference to another bill. I have always
had some doubts about that bill myself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I referred to House bill
No. 1021.
Mr. POMEROY. It ought to be made to
extend to settlers in the Northwest burued out
during the last fall.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not ask the consider-
ation of the motion at this time. I only enter
the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. It seems to be too late.
Mr. COLE. The bill has not yet left the
custody of the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the usage of the Senate it is now
too late to eater a motion to reconsider. If
the Chair had known that that motion was to
be made, he would not have affixed his signa-
ture to this enrolled bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the signature been
announced?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been an-
nounced. In a case some years ago. where
there was an error in an enrolled bill, the
mode by which that error was corrected after
the two Presiding Officers had signed the bill
was by passing a resolution requesting the offi-
cer of the body where the bill originated to
rescind his signature, and afterward to rescind
it in the other House, which restored it to the
condition where a motion to reconsider could
be entered. This bill is now before the Presi-
dent, virtually; that is, it has been passed and
signed by both Presiding Officers.
Mr. WRIGHT. I was not aware that was
the condition of the bill. I am not to be un-
derstood as really opposing the bill; but there
are some things about it which I think ought
to be considered. It was passed here very
hurriedly during the morning hour, and my
experience satisfies me every day that we pass
these bills too hurriedly.
Mr. POMEROY. I wanted to include in it
those settlers in the Northwest who had been
burned out, and to extend the time to them
also. There were a large number burned out
by fire. My objection was that I wanted to add
to the bill.
Several Senators. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is very brief,
five lines. It has been signed by both Presid-
ing Officers. The Secretary will report it for
information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Beit eiiatfpd, That all bona fide preemption
claimants who may have hied their declaratory state-
ments prior to the passage of this act, upon any of
the public lands in the State of California, shall
have one year from and after the passage of this act
in which to make proof and payment of their respect-
ive claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent for the
Chair to erase his signature, the Chair will put
the question. The Chair doubts his power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be equivalent
to a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairthinks
so.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not make any such
request.
order of business.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I observe that
the Senate is about through with the day's
business. I ask consent of the Senate to take
up House bill No. 1761, extending the time
for the completion of the Portage Lake aud
Lake Superior ship-canal. The bill has been
reported 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see why we
cannot go right along with the tariff bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I trust the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance will allow
this bill to pass. The parties who desire to
complete this work are making their arrange-
ments in New York preparatory to the opening
of the season. The bill has passed the House
and been reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, and 1 think no Senator will have any
objection to it, and in one moment it can be
passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must interpose an ob-
jection to taking up another bill, because that
will displace the tariff bill. I do not, intend to
allow it to be displaced by any bill, though I
have no objection to the Senator's bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask the Senator
if he desires to go on with his bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; I am ready
now for a vote as far as I am concerned. It
no other Senator wishes to say anything, I am
ready for a vote.
