2608
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Texas Pacific railroad bill, and as such passed
the Senate together with provision for other
connecting roads. It went to the House, and
the House struck them all out. A committee
of conference put them all back except this
one, and it was claimed that they omitted this
accidentally and not with any design ; and now
we propose as an amendment to the Texas
Pacific railroad bill to have this restored. I
will state the object of it.
We have a system, of railroads in the State
of Arkansas. There is no connection between
them and this Southern Pacific. We want a
connection; we want to be thrown where we
shall be connected with and receive the bene-
fits of a southern Pacific railroad. We are
not connected with any northern Pacific rail-
road ; we are not connected with the Atlantic
and Pacific, nor can we be with the latter on
account of the Indian territory.
Therefore our only connection with a Pa-
cific railroad must be by this means; and we
want the benefit of it so that this road cannot
discriminate against trade that comes over our
roads, so that that connecting link cannot be
established for that purpose. We want, it with
the same rights of tariff for passengers and
freight that the Texas Pacific raih-oad itself
has. That-is all'the object there is in it. We
lie in forks of the two roads, the Atlantic and
Pacific and the Texas Pacific, one running one
hundred miles north of our State and the other
one hundred miles south of it. We now have
no connection with either. We seek this con-
nection. The principle involved in this case
was established in the passage of the Texas
Pacific bill; there is no new pwnciple in it;
and I think it is justice that it should be put-
on this bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I offer an amendment to
the amendment. I move to amend the amend-
ment by strikingout, in lines one and two, the
words ■' that the Grand Tower and San Diego
Pacific Railroad Company," and insert in lieu
thereof ''that the Cairo and Fulton Railroad
Company."
I agree with my colleague fully in relation
to the propriety of the State of Arkansas hav-
ing an outlet by the proposed -Texas Pacific
Railway Company to the West; but if author-
ity is to be given to auy company to make this
connection 1 desire it to be given to a com-
pany that.is not a mere paper organization,
but that has the ability to construct the road.
The Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company now,
fortunately for the State of Arkansas, is in the
hands of men who have the power and the
means to push the work rapidly forward. I
presume the object of my colleague is to make
a prolongation of the Cairo and Fulton Rail-
road Company line westward until it connects
with the Texas and Pacific Railway Company.
I hope that that power will be given, but I
hope it will be given to the Cairo and Fulton
Railroad Company, which is now rapidly
engaged in constructing its line.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Let me ask
the Senator from Arkansas if the Cairo and
Fulton railroad is not now working to connect
with the eastern terminus of the Transconti-
nental? I have always understood so. I ask
the Senator, too, where the beginning point of
this Giand Tower and San Diego is; where
does it commence?
Mr. RICE. At Fulton. The original charter
was made at a time when there was a question
about the Cairo and Fulton forfeiting their
charter. It was an original charter, starting
near their starting-point in Illinois, near Cairo,
and running to bulton. This is an extension
of that road, and is not in conflict with the
Cairo and Fulton at all, but in harmony with
their ideas, as I understand. I have talked
with these men, and they are anxious about
this connection being made in order that they
may have an outlet over their line. It is not
in conflict with the Cairo and Fulton at all.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Now, I have
to say to the Senator from Arkansas that
upon application to the Legislature of Texas
they have granted a charter from Fulton to
connect with the Southern Pacific railroad at
any point the company may think proper to
connect. There is no difficulty about that.
Mr. RICE. What we want is the right of
connection on equal terms.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I protest now
against the invasion any further of the terri-
tory of Texas by act of Congress in locat-
ing railroads ; we have been damaged badly
enough already; and here is a proposition
now that will authorize, under the amend-
ment passed this morning, the company we
are at work for now to purchase up this line,
too, as well as others, and perhaps change
the whole line of the road, because there is
authority here for them to drop .their own
charter and take up the charter of any com-
pany that they may consolidate with and
operate under it by implication.
But this amendment proposes to draw the
Texas Pacific at least a degree north of its
line. It is authorized to connect with this road
at a point not west of Dallas. Now, the Texas
Pacific does not go by Dallas ; it does not go
within seventy miles of Dallas; you cannot
connect it with this other road at Dallas with-
out changing the line of the road, without
making an elbow. I move to lay *his amend-
ment on the table ; I have no patience to dis-
cuss it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatmotion
is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I take it the motion is
in order, but the motion to lay upon the table
the amendment will, if adopted, carry on the
table the bill and everything connected with it
that we are discussing. As I take it, the
Senator from Texas does not intend to press
the motion to lay on the table, I will say that
I have no controversy about these two roads.
This amendment should be corrected before
it applies to either road. In the first place,
you have provided in the tenth line that it
shall connect ""'with a railroad company."
You mean "arailroad." The word "company"
should be stricken off. Then after the word
"line," in the thirteenth line, you should say
"where the same may be located upon the
public lands." You want the right of way for
one hundred feet given you " where the same
may be located upon the public lands," not
elsewhere.
Mr. RICE. Oh, no.
Mr. POMEROl. That phrase should be put
in, ''where the same may be located on the
public lands."
Mr. RICE. I agree to that amendment.
Mr. COLE. That is all that would be
granted any way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Icou had better put in
the phrase " in Arkansas."
Mr. POMEROY. Then at the end of the
section the proviso reads :
Provided, That aaid Grand Tower and San Diego
Railroad Company shall not be entitled to any
public lands of the United States.
You mean  ' other than as hereby granted."
Mr. RICE. It means that they shall have
no subsidy.
Mr. POMEROY. They are entitled to the
right of way, and entitled to forty acres for
every five miles. So you ought to say " other
than as hereby granted."
Mr. BICE. 1 agree to that.
Mr. POMEROY. These are verbal amend-
ments. I do not know anything about the
question between these two railroad com-
panies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
for the reasons stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey, I do hope the judgment
of ilie Senate will be that this amendment
should be stricken out. It would certainly be
entering upon what might be called a new, and
if I desired to emphasize it I should say very
extraordinary legislation to undertake to
authorize a State corporation created for the
purpose of building a railroad in one State to
extend its authority in another State; and it
would seem by the terms of this amendment
that a company described as having been char-
tered by the State of Arkansas, a private rail-
road company, to build its road, of course, in
that State, is to be authorized by Congress not
only to extend its road through that State, but
to build it into the State of Texas—a thing
without precedent m the history of this coun-
try, and which I should hope would continue to
be so to the end of time.
Besides, it is fraught with all the conse-
quences suggested by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey, and all which it can be con-
ceived could come -from the complication and
difficultiesarisingfrom aconflictof jurisdiction
between the Government of the United States
and the States. But it may be emphasized
still further to show the inexpediency of the
exercise of any such power. Just see what is
contemplated by this amendment as necessary
in the exercise of this power. We ar§ to grant
the right of way one hundred feet on each side
to this road. We absolutely undertake to grant
in the State of Texas and in the State of Ark-
ansas the right of way. We do not any of us
know exactly which way this road will go,
whither it is to go. Itsays " Grand Tower "—
where that is I am not informed—" and
San Diego railway; " and San Diego is on the
Pacific coast. Grand Tower, I presume, is
somewhere in Arkansas. Where it begins, or
whither it tends, no mortal can tell ; but it
carries with it this immense power; Congress
is to endow a private State corporation with
power to build a road through two States !
No such thing as that was ever contemplated
by anybody before, that I heard of. But do
we know what lands this covers? No matter
whether we do or not, we attempt to exercise
the power; we do not stop to inquire. We
say that we will grant the right ot way. Of
course that thing is absurd unless it is predi-
cated on the assumption that we own the
lands; and whether we do or not is not ap-
parent. If we owned the lands over which
this road was going, of course we could give
the right of way; but when you come to say
that the Congress of the United States will
authorize a private corporation created by a
State to exercise the power of eminent domain
in one of the States, that is a thing never done
heretofore; and I hope the day will be very
remote when we shall undertake to do any
such thing as that.
Then a little further on you will see 
Mr. C0NKLINQ-. Let me ask the Senator
before he passes from that point, is he right in
saying that in none of the charters or bills we
have passed heretofore we have given the right
to traverse States?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Maine
is speaking of the. right given to a State cor-
poration to traverse the territory of another
State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is my prop-
osition.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator from
Maine would restate his point. I want to
understand it. I ask for information.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I say we have
never, to my knowledge, undertakes to author-
ize a private State corporation of one State to
traverse the territory of another State, which
is the case here, and exercise the right of
eminent domain in another State. Then it
goes on to say what other large grants of land
may be granted all along the line wherever it
stops for certain purposes. It may take all
necessary lands for stations, &c., not exceed-
ing forty acres. Of course that comes within
the same objection.
I should hope, if the friends of this bill
desire to have the bill as free from objection
as practicable, that they would feel the neces-
sity absolutely of yielding this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I have never voted for a
bill here chartering a railroad company to run
