764
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
42d Cong....2d Sjess.
Laws of the United States.
treaty, were [was] sold to the United States
for one dollar and twenty-five cents an acre.
Sec. 2. That the said strip of land within the
State of Kansas, so ceded to the United States
by the said Quapaw band of Indians, be, and
the same is hereby, declared open to entry and
pre-emption, under the pre-emption laws ot
the United States, at the price of one dollar
and twenty-five cents an acre, excepting there-
from oue half section, to be patented to
Samuel G. Vallier, including his improve-
ments, as provided in the fourth article of
said treaty ; and all such pre-emptions shall
be paid for iu the lawful money of the United
States, at the proper laud office of the United
States, within one year from the date of settle-
ment, or where settlement was made before
the passage of this act, then within one year
from the passage of the same: Provided, That
in case any settler has entered upon and
improved a single tract, not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres, a part of which is
embraced in said Quapaw strip, and a part on
the Government strip, so called, his entry of the
part on the Government strip, under the pre-
emption laws, shall not prevent the entry of
the remainder of his tract upon said Quapaw
lands, in the State of Kansas, under this act.
Approved, June 5, 1872.
Chap. CCCX.—An Act to confirm to the Great
and Little Osage Indians a Reservation in
the Indian Territory.
Whereas by the treaty of eighteen hundred
and sixty-six between the United States and
the Cherokee nation of Indians, said nation
ceded to the United States all its lands west
of the ninety-sixth meridian west longitude,
for the settlement of friendly Indians thereon ;
and whereas by act of Congress approved July
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy, the
President was authorized and directed to
remove the Great and Little Osage Indians to
a location in the Cherokee country west of
the ninety-sixth meridian, to be designated for
them by the United States authorities; and
whereas it was provided by the same act of
Congress that the lands of the Osagesin Kansas
Bhould be sold by the United States, and so
much of the proceeds thereof as were necessary
should be appropriated for the payment to the
Cherokees for the lands set apart for the
said Osages west of the ninety-sixth meridian ;
and whereas under the provisions of the above-
mentioned treaty and act of Congress and
concurrent action of the authorities of the
United States and the Cherokee nation, the
said Osages were removed from their former
homes in the State of Kansas to a reservation
set apart for them in the Indian territory, at
the time of the removal supposed to be west of
the said ninety-sixth meridian, and bounded
on the east thereby, and upon which said
Osages have made substantial and valuable
improvements; and whereas by a recent sur-
vey and "establishment of the ninety-sixth
meridian it appears that the most valuable
portion of said Osage reservation, and upon
which all their improvements are situated, lies
east of the said meridian; and whereas it
therefore became necessary to select other
lands in lieu of those found to be east of the
established ninety-sixth meridian for. said
Osage Indians; and whereas a tract has accord-
ingly been selected, lying between the western
boundary of the reservations heretofore set
apart for said Indians and the main channel
of the Arkansas river, with the south line of
the State of Kansas for a northern boundary,
and the north line of the Creek country and
the main channel of the Arkansas river for a
southern and western boundary ; and whereas
the act of Congress approved July fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, restricts the
said reservation for said Osage Indians to " a
traet of land in compact form equal in quan-
tity to one hundred and sixty acres for each
member of said tribeand whereas in a letter
of the Cherokee delegation, addressed to the
Secretary of the Interior on the eighth day of
April, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, on
behalf of the Cherokee nation, containing their
approval of and assent to the proposition to
provide for the settlement of the Osage and
Kaw Indians on that portion of the Cherokee
country lying west of the ninety-sixth degree
west longitude, south of Kansas, east and north
of the Arkansas river: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in order to provide
said Osage tribe of Indians with a reservation,
and secure to them a sufficient quantity of land
suitable for cultivation, the following described
tract of country, west of the established ninety-
sixth meridian, in the Indian territory, be,
and the same is hereby, set apart for and eon-
firmed as their reservation, namely : bounded
on the east by the ninety-sixth meridian, on
the south and west by the north line of the
Creek country and the main channel of the
Arkansas river, and on the north by the south
line of the State of Kansas: Provided, That
the location as aforesaid shall be made
under the provisions of article sixteen of the
treaty of eighteen hundred and sixty-six, so
far as the same may be applicable thereto:
And provided further, That said Great and
Little Osage tribe of Indians shall permit the
settlement within the limits of said tract of
land [ofj the Kansas tribe of Indians, the
lands so settled and occupied by said Kansas
Indians, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres for each member of said tribe, to be paid
for by said Kansas tribe of Indians out of the
proceeds of the sales of their lands in Kansas,
at a price not exceeding that paid by the Great
and Little Osage Indians to the Cherokee
nation of Indians.
Approved, June 5, 1872.
Chap. CCCXI.—An Act to provide for the
restoration of the Records of the Proceed-
ings of the Court of Inquiry concerning the
operations of the Army under the command
of General Don Carlos Buell, in Kentucky
and Tennessee.
Whereas it appears in the matter of invest-
igation made by the court of inquiry, in the
years eighteen hundred and sixty-two and
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, into the
operations of the Army under the command
of General Don Carlos Buell, in Kentucky and
Tennessee, that the records of the proceedings
of said court are not to bo found on the proper
files iu the War Department; and whereas it
further appears that there is now in the pos-
session of Benn Pitman, the phonograpic
reporter of said court, a full and complete
report of the proceedings of said court of
inquiry: Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be directed to employ at once Benn Pit-
man, the reporter for the court of inquiry in
the said matter, to make a full and complete
transcript of the phonographic notes taken by
him during the said investigation, and to put
the same on file among the records of the War
Department, and to furnish a copy of the same
to Congress.
Approved, June 5, 1872.
Chap. CCCXII.—An Act for the Relief of
George A. Stevens, of the United States
Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized to appoint,
and, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to commission, George A. Stevens to such
rank in the United States Navy as the circum-
stances of said Stevens' case may, in his judg-
ment, seem to justify: Provided, That the ap-
pointment hereby authorized shall not entitle
the said Stevens to a position formerly occupied
by him in the Navy.
Approved, June 5, 1872.
Chap. CCCXIII.—An Act making a Transfer
of a Pension Appropriation from one fund
to another.
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
transfer from the appropriations for pensions
for "widows and dependent relatives and sol-
diers of the war of eighteen hundred and
twelve," for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, such
an amount as may be necessary to meet any
deficiency that may arise in the appropriation
for invalid pensions for that year.
Approved, June 5, 1872.
Chap. CCCXY.—An Act to reduce Duties on
Imports, and to reduce Internal Taxes, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on and after the first
day of August, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed
by law on the articles hereinafter enumerated
or provided for, imported from foreign coun-
tries, there shall be levied, collected, and paid
the following duties and rates of duty, that is
to say:
On all slack coal or culm, such as will pass
through a half-inch screen, forty cents per ton
of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the
bushel.
On all bituminous coal and shale, seventy-
five cents per ton of twenty-eight bushels,
eighty pounds to the bushel.
On salt, in bulk, eight cents per one hun-
dred pounds.
On salt, in bags, sacks, barrels, or other
packages, twelve cents per one hundred
pounds.
On oatmeal, one half cent per pound.
On potatoes, fifteen cents per bushel.
On bend or belting leather, and on Spanish
or other sole leather, fifteen per centum ad
valorem.
On calf-skins, tanned, or tanned and dressed,
twenty-five per centum ad valorem.
On upper leather of all other kinds, and on
skins dressed and finished of all kinds, not
herein otherwise provided for, twenty per
centum ad valorem.
On all skins for morocco tanned, but un-
finished, ten per centum ad valorem.
On chiccory-root, ground or unground, one
cent per pound.
On all timber, squared or sided, not other-
wise provided for, one cent per cubic foot;
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other
lumber of hemlock, whitewood, sycamore,
and bass-wood, one dollar per thousand feet
board measure;
On all other varieties of sawed lumber, two
dollars per thousand feet board measure: Pro-
vided, That when lumber of any sort is planed
or finished, in addition to the rates herein pro-
vided, there shall be levied and paid, for each
side so planed or finished, fifty cents per thou-
sand feet; and if planed on "one side and
tongued and grooved, one dollar per thousand
feet; and if planed on two sides and tongued
and grooved, one dollar and fifty cents pec
thousand feet.
