1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. I supposed the
Senate was about to adjourn, and therefore I
made the suggestion.
Mr. HILL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
PORTAGE AND SUPERIOR CANAL.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I trust the Sen-
ator from Georgia will withdraw his motion
aud allow me to call up this bill. I think the
Senate will pass it without objection.
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia has moved an adjournment, but
yields to allow the Senator from Michigan to
ask unanimous consent for the consideration
of the bill named by him, subject, however, to
a demand for the regular order, the tariff bill,
if it should give rise to debate.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope there
will be no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1761) extending the
time for the completion of the Portage Lake
and Lake Superior ship-canal. The bill ex-
tends the time for the completion of the Port-
age Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal to the
3d, day of March, 1873.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. This is merely
an extension for a year; the work is almost
completed; and I am sure there will be no
objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
PAYMASTER GENERAL.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the bill reported a day or two ago,
in regard to the Paymaster General of the
Army.
Mr. HILL. I inquire of the Senator from
Massachusetts if it will lead to debate?
Mr. WILSON. I think it will not. It will
take but a moment, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be taken up on the
same conditions as the other bill was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the condi-
tion that if it should give rise to debate the
tariff bill shall be regarded as the unfinished
business before the adjournment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 463) to enable the Presi-
dent to appoint a Paymaster General of the
Army. It so far modifies the sixth section
of the act of 3d March, 1869, making appro-
priations for the support of the Army, as to
authorize the President to appoint a Paymas-
ter General to fill the vacancy now existing.
The bill was reported to the Senate wit.hout
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Through an error this
morning, of myself more than of the Chair,
two little pension bills that have been reported
favorably were overlooked. They are House
bills, and as they are very small matters it
takes more time to get them up in the regular
way than to do it informally. I askunauimous
consent for their consideration now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
incorrect in stating this morning that all the
pension bills on the Calendar had been dis-
posed of. There are two left.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
624) granting apensionto Elizabeth H. Mor-
gan, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direct-ion to the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Elizabeth H.
Morgan, widow of Peleg W. Morgan, late an
ensign in the United States Navy, and to pay
her a pension during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
1209) granting a pension to George J. St.
Louis was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of George J. St. Louis,
late a private in company A, thirty-third regi-
ment Illinois volunteer infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
CHAUNCEY M. LOOKWOOD.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the bill (S. No. 241) for the relief
of Channcey M. Lockwood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the same con-
ditions as before, that the tariff bill shall be
regarded as superseding it if it gives rise to
debate?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
The bill was read, with the amendment
reported by the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I object.
Mr. CORBETT. I have risen to explain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the bill is removed from the con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn. I should like to make a state-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I insist on the objection.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator to allow
me to make a statement before he objects, and
then I will forego the request. I do not want
the bill prejudiced in the minds of Senators,
because it provides for a large amount of
money being paid to this gentleman. I wish
simply to make a statement in connection with
it, and then I am willing that the bill should
go over, as it is objected to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I have no objection to
the Senator making a statement, but I object
to the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill must be
before the Senate before a statement in regard
to it can be made.
Mr. HILL. I think I must object. My
object was to give convenience to gentlemen
who had little bills that could be disposed of
without debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to give a
notice in reference to the bill just read. I
wish to say, as a matter of precaution, because
bills are sometimes called up in the morning
hour when very few are here, that for one I
will never consent that a bill shall pass author-
izing the Postmaster General to settle upon
principles of equity and justice a claim like
this, amounting to $200,000, leaving it discre-
tionary with him. I hope no such hill will be
allowed to pass this House. We have had
one Chorperfmng case, and I hope we shall
have no more.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill has been amended
in that particular. It was presented in the
original form by my former colleague, but it
has been amended so that the amount allowed
shall not exceed the amount now paid to per-
sons who are performing the same service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 merely give notice to
the Senator from Oregon that when the bill
comes up we must have an opportuuity to
discuss it
Mr. CORBETT. My object in calling it up
now was that we might have a full Senate to
consider it, that I lmght explain its object and
the circumstances of the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
before the Senate.
JEFFERSON W. DAVIS.
Mr. FENTON. I have a bill reported from
the Military Committee of tenor twelve lines
that I should be obliged to the Senate if they
would put on its passage. It is Senate bill
No. 451.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent, subject to
the same conditions as before, that Senate bill
No. 451 be considered.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 451) for the relief
of Jefferson W. Davis. It authorizes and
directs the Paymaster General of the Army
to pay to Jefferson W. Davis, late of the sixty-
fourth regiment New York volunteers, out of
any money appropriated, or which may here-
after be appropriated, for the pay of the Army,
a sum equal to the pay and emoluments of a
first lieutenant of infantry, from the 23d day
of June, 1864, to the 10th day of May, 1865,
deducting whatever pay he may have received
for that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senate seems to be in
a consenting mood, I ask them to take up the
bill which was up in the morning hour, the
supplement to the Texas Pacific railroad bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent, subject
to the same conditions as in the other cases,
to take up Senate bill No. 724.
Mr. HILL. I inquire of the Senator from
Pennsylvania whether the bill is likely to give
rise to amendment or debate?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know whether it will
or not. When the bill is read we shall soon
ascertain whether it will give rise to debate
or not.
The Secretary read the bill (S. No. 724)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1871.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That bill is read
for information, I suppose.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It is read sub-
ject to objection or to a demand for the regular
order, which is the tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My inquiry is if
the bill is read for information?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, and toask
unanimous consent for its consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object. It is
a very important bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not before
the Senate.
LAND DISTRICTS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. .1 ask unanimous con-
sent to take up Senate bill No. 770, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 770)
to erect two new land districts in the State of
Nebraska was considered as in Committee of •
the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I do not
like to object to the bill; but I desire to know
what is the necessity for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill Las bsen
reported from the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed tor a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SOLDIERS' HOMESTEADS.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask leave to call up Senate
bill No. 447, to be put on its passage. It has
been reported unanimously by the Committee
on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Subject to the
same provisions as before?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not to be invidious, I
wish, before anybody else makes a motion, to
state that after this bill is through I shall move
to adjourn.
