3504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-15,
they would remain here and prevent the Sen-
ator from Vermont, the able, accomplished
Senator from "Vermont, having the yeas and
nays on this question. Some Senators may
think thisisa trivial question ; others think it
•is important. It is one of those kind of
things that do affect individuals at times even
more than the general interest. I have some
amendments to offer. I do not want to make
a factious opposition to this bill. I think as
long as I have been in the Senate I have never
evinceda idisposition to be factious or dis-
courteous to anybody. I have taken up as
little time as any gentleman in the Senate in
the*discussion of questions. I have not de-
layed the public business at all.' But upon
this question my mind is set and fixed, and all
I want is a fair consideration of the measure,
and that it take the ordinary channels of busi'
ness. We should have adjourned at six o'clock,
and then to-morrow morning go On with the
regular order of business, the majority con-
trolling as to the order of business and saying
what shall be considered.
Mr. NYE. I rise to a question of order.
What is t.he question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to amend
the eighty-first line, to add that it shall be
done without expense to the United States.
Mr. NYE. I did not know that my friend
from Maryland knew what the question was.
He was not speaking of it at all. I could not
find out1 what the question was from his
remarks.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I under-
stand the question ; but this discussion grew
out of other matters connected with the fact
that honorable Senators on this floor were not
to be allowed the yeas and nays at this period
of the night. I know what I am talking about;
and, sir, I say that this bill ought to take the
ordinary course ot all other bills, and I say that
we can get through with the public business
without any difficulty by the29ih of this month,
and if I had been here I would have voted to
adjourn upon that day if my vote had been
required.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the ordinary
course of such a bill as this? And before
the Senator answers me, let me state to him
what I understand to be the nature of this
bill. Here is a bill coming from the House
of Representatives. The objection to amend-
ing it is that it would go back to the House.
It relates to a subject which has been before
one or the other of the two Houses of Congress
for at least two years, and the nature of it is
such that whatever is to be done ought to be
done presently. It is very simple in its char-
acter, as the Senator from Ohio says. Now,
I inquire of the Senator from Maryland what
in the case of such a bill which the Senate
understanding has indicated by repeated votes
that a large majority of the body favors, ex-
cept that after it is understood, on the day set
for it by consent, we should go oil and vote in
place of discussirg ad libitum—I do not mean
factiously ? The Senator made a very eloquent
speech, which I listened to with great pleas-
ure ; and a part of it—I refer to that part of
it which was sportive in its character—with a
great deal of amusement. But we understand
this question, and now I appeal to my friend
whether the ordinary and regular mode under
the circumstances, even at an earlier stage of
the session, would not be to do that which at
this late stage of the session we owe it to our-
selves and the rest of the business to do,
namely, to make a final disposition of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We can
make a final disposition of this bill ; but it has
been ordered that there is to be no amend-
ment to it. I am sure honorable Senators feel
that this bill ought to be amended in some
respects. There are two thirds of the House
of Representatives for it; it can be returned
there and the amendments promptly acted on ;
but we are to take this bill as it is. We de-
sire to have proper amendments put on the
bill, or at all events offered for the considera-
tion of the Senate. We know the disposition
of the Senate ; if you have a majority you can
carry the proposition to-morrow and not keep
us here at eleven o'clock at night upon a local
bill, a private bill. Wby stay here ? Is it
not unusual, I ask the honorable Senator?
Mr. STEWART. I ask, have we not a right
to vote as we please on the amendments ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Senate
has by a number of votes given unmistakable
evidence of its purpose in regard to this bill:
Senators are just as conscientious about voting
upon one side as they are upon the other; but
the vote has stood nearly two to one. Now, I
ask my honorable friend from Maryland if he
expects by staving this bill off until to-morrow
to make any change in the vote?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No.
Mr. MORTON. What does he hope to
accomplish by it, or if he keeps us here until
two or three o'clock in the morning does he
hope to accomplish anything by-it? It may be
a melancholy satisfaction to the Senator. I
hope it will not be; but be cannot expect to
change the result by this course.
Now, Mr. President, we have many ques-
tions of great public importance yet to be
decided, one of vast importance tli.it may come
befoi'e the Senate to-morrow or next day, or
the next day, and how long it will take we
do not know. There was a bill taken up yes-
terday of great importance. We have much
yet to do with the prospect that we shall not
be here long.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator from Indiana give way to me for a
single moment? I want to say that I was not
opposed to an.accommodation a long time ago
that the vote should be taken to-morrow without
further debate. I suggest now that it is time
we ought to adjourn in order that we may be
fit for duty to-morrow, and agree that we will
take the vote to morrow at twelve o'clock,
without any further debate. I have something
like three other amendments that I think arc
important. I shall be quite content to vote
to-morrow without further debate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Soipe of
these amendments may require some little
explanation.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. MORTON. Let
us go on to-night.
Mr. STEWART. Go on ; there cannot be
any agreement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from Maryland will agree to this.
If he wants two or three minutes to explain
anything that is complicated, 1 have no doubt
the Senate will give it to him ; but let us have
a general understanding that there shall be no
further debate after twelve o'clock to-morrow,
but that any amendments may be offered.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I suggest
that to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, we com-
mence voting, five minutes to be allowed in
explanation of any amendment. ["No!"
"No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the question recurs on the adop-
tion of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Let the amendment
be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. In line eighty-one, after
the word "act," it is proposed to insert
"without any claim or payment of damages
therefor."
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have tested the sense
of Senators about me to some extent, and,
with their concurrence, I think it worth while
to submit the question of adjournment. I there-
fore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will allow
me a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw the motion
for the accommodation of the Senator.
Mr. CAMERON. As I understand the sug-
gestion of the Senator from West Virginia, it
is that to-morrow at twelve o'clock we begin
to vote on this subject, and that the mover
of an Amendment be allowed five minutes to
explain it.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to it if no other
Senator does.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is very evident that
we are not going to get a vote until one or two
o'clock, and it is certainly self-evident that if
we stay here until one or two o'clock we shall
be unfit for business to-morrow. I do not
think, therefore, it will be any economy to
continue to sit here. We have had notice
that several amendments are to be moved;
there are several yet to be offered; it is now
half past eleven o'clock, and I see no prospect
of getting through before one. I therefore
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. ALCORN. I agreed to pair with the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Goldthwaite,]
who would vote "yea" if here, and I should
vote " nay."
Mr. CALDWELL. I am paired with the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.] He
would vote "yea," and I should vote "nay."
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] If
h'-re he would vote "yea, and I should vote
'■ ray."
Air. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am paired"
with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thetkmah,]
who would vote "yea," and I "nay."
Mr. RAMSOM. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Blaib.] He would
vote "yea," and I should vote " nay."
Mr. SPENCER. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Masaachusetts, [>,.<. Sumner.] If he
were here he would vote "yea," and I " nay."
Mr. LEWIS. I was paired with the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] who if here
would vote "yea," and I "nay." If it be
necessary, I will vote on the same side he
would vote for, if present, in order to make a
quorum.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Buokingham, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Mary-
land. Hamilton of Texas, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood. Sprague, and Stevenson—12.
NAYS —Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Logan. Morton, Nye, Os-
tein, Pomcroy, Pull, Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott. Sherman, Stew art, Stockton, Tipton, ana Wil-
son—26.
ABSENT—Messrs, Aleorn, Ames,Anthony, Bay-
ard. Blair, Browniow, Caldwell, Carpenter, Colo,
Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Feu tori,
J'erry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Johnston, Kellogg, Mor-
rill of Maine, Patterson, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Sumner, Tnurin;in,
Trumbull, Vickors, West. Windom.and Wright—3(i.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, Mr. President, I
will renew the motion of the Senator from
West Virginia, which was to the effect that
we should take the vote to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. NYE. Why not take it to-night ?
Mr. CAMERON. Just listen to me a mo-
ment. Let the mover of any amendment be
allowed five minutes to explain it. I do that
