1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1713
Mr. COLE. Will not the Senator allow me
one more?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; no more.
The Secretary read the bill (S. No. 447) to
enable honorable-discharged soldiers and sail-
ors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is too important a
bill to be considered at this time and in this
way.
Mr. POMEEOY. The very reason we want
it passed is that it is a very important bill to
soldiers, and they are petitioning for it in
great numbers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot consent to the
consideration of that bill now. It involves,
probably, one hundred millions acres of public
lands. I want time to look at it.
Mr. POMEROY. It involves nothing
unless the soldier goes on the land in person
and lives there.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if he has served in the
Army four years he docs not have to live on
it at all, but can sell it.
Mr. POMEROY. Ho has to live on it a
year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to its consider-
ation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'eloek and thirty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 15, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
restrictions on commerce.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Ttiat the Committee on Commerce is
hereby instructed, in carrying out the resolution
of the House of January 24 last, directing certain
inquiries by them concerning injuries to commerce
by reason of combinations or monopolies in control
or ownership of the present means of land trans-
portation, particularly to inquire into the nature,
extent, and object of an alleged combination of rail-
road interests, known as the South Improvement
Company, alleged to be designed to control all the
existing avenues of transportation from the oil re-
gions of Pennsylvania to the sea-board, to tho oppres-
sion and injury of the producing classes.
japanese students.
On motion of Mr. MOREY, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 454) authorizing
the Secretary of War to admit six Japanese
youths to the West Point Military Academy,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
cherokee treaty.
Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous consent, from
tho Committee oti Indian Affairs, reported
back, with amendments, the bin (B. R. No.
149fi) to carry out oortain provisions of the
Cherokee treaty of 18G6, and for the relief
of settlers on the Cherokee lands in the State
of Kansas ; and the same was recommitted to
the committee, and ordered to be printed, not
to be brought back l?y a motion to reconsider.
freedmrn op choctaw nation.
On motion of Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Indian Affairs was
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill"(H. R. No. 379) for the relief of the
freodmen of the Choctaw nation, and for other
purposes; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs.
miss kbturah cole.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 94) for the relief oi
42d Cong. 2b St?ss.—No. 108.
Miss Keturah Cole was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
r~
310und valley indian reservation.
Mr. COGHLAN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, requested to furnish to this House
copies of all papers and information ho may have
relating to the extension of the Indian reservation
known as the Eound Valley Indian reservation, in
the State of California, over lands elaimedby settlers
in Round valley, Mendocino county, California.
aroostook oneida.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered,"and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State is hereby
directed to forward, for the information of the House
of Kepresentatives, any papers relating to the claim
of the owner of the steamer Aroostook, used by
tho United States legation at Japan to search for the
bodies and property of persons lost in the United
States ship Oneida, in the bay of Yeddo, in 1870,
and any recommendations he may have to make in
tho matter of said claim.
adverse report.
Mr. HAMBLETON, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Com-
merce House bill No. 403, to reenact the act
approved March 17, 1800, entitled "An act
declaring the assent of Congress to certain
acts of the States of Maryland and Georgia,"
and moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
congressional globe.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a brief explanation, not exceeding
five or ten minutes, touching matters of im-
portance to the Committee on Printing.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, Messrs. Rives
& Bailey inserted a column in the Globe of
Thursday, the 7th instant, calculated to con-
vey the impression that the Committee on
Printing bad neglected to make timely provis-
ion for paying them for publishing the debates,
and that in consequence of this neglect they
had been compelled to borrow money and
make great pecuniary sacrifices to carry on the
work. This impression they have endeavored
to confirm by personal interviews with mem-
bers of this House.
In reply to this I desire to say, in tho first
place, that the contract for publishing the
Globe expired with the last Congress, weeks
before the Committee on Printing was ap-
pointed. During the first session the commit-
tee had not time to investigate the subject,
and during the early part of the present ses-
sion two members of the joint committee were
absent on public business, and it, was thought
best to 'await their return before considering
a contract involving the expenditure of be-
tween four and five hundred thousand dol-
lars. This accounts for the' delay, in part.
Again, the whole subject was new to the
House committee, and we were unwilling to
take action in a matter of so much importance
until we had time to examine it deliberately
and thoroughly. Again, when we came to
consider the proposition of Rives & Bailey,
we found that they insisted upon a contract for
a period of six years, at rates considerably
higher than the Government had ever paid,
even when our currency was fifty per cent,
less valuable than it is now, and the commit-
tee were of course disposed to hesitate about
recommending Congress to enter into a con-
tract for so long a time at rates apparently so
exorbitant.
Very recently the publishers modified their
proposition somewhat by agreeing to accept
a contract for the present Congress, and the
Senate committee very promptly reported a
bill, which passed the Senate on the 1st in-
stant, and is now on the Speaker's table.
This bill simply provides for the work during
the present Congress, and proposes to pay an
advance on former rates. The House com-
mittee have been for ten days ready to report,
a general bill, which, if adopted, will provide
permanently and definitely for this work in
the future, prevent the recurrence of the pres-
ent condition of affairs, reduce the expense
$150,000 a year, and secure a better distri-
bution of the Globe. I have been seeking
an opportunity to report this bill ever since
Wednesday of last week, but have not been
able to obtain the floor.
This is all I desire to say in regard to the
charge of neglect which is made against us.
But there is another thing for which the House
committee are censured. It is said we should
not push our bill at present, that we should
give way and allow the Senate bill to pass.
Why should we? We consider ours the better
bill. Wo believe the Senate bill proposes to
give these contractors far more than their
work is worth. We believe that now, when
money is appreciating and labor and material
depreciating, is not tho time to advance the
prices.
But it is said the Globe men have had no
pay for a year, and have been compelled to
borrow money to carry on this work. This is
their own fault. We told them long ago, and
have told them time and again, that we would
make immediate effort to obtain the appropria-
tion of any reasonable sum they might desire,
to apply on account. The Senate committo,e
have told them this, and also the House com-
mittee. They knew very well they could get
every dollar tbe Government owed them any
day they saw fit to ask for it or would consent
to accept it. The House and the Senate would
at any hour have passed au appropriation bill
for their espocial benefit, but they would not
accept a dollar until the contract was secured
to them. They thought they had us in their
power, and proposed to drive just such a
bargain as suited them, and they would
accept no money simply because they de-
sired to remain in a position where they
could work upon the sympathies and fears
of members, by declaring that they were
making great sacrifices, and that tho Globe
must stop unless relief came soon. It would
indeed be a great calamity to our constituents
if the Globe should stop. Egyptian darkness
would cover tire land, and the days of the lean
kino would be upon us. But the Globe will not
be discontinued. There is over one hundred
thousand dollars clear profit in it, and it will go
on. The publishers have been busy on this
floor for a week organizing their forces to carry
the Senate bill over the heads of the committee,
by a suspension of the rules on Monday. It
will be carried, and they will pocket $75,000
more for doing the work than it is worth.
This will end all legislation on the subject until
two years hence, when the same whine about
debts and sacrifices and anxieties will give
them another contract, and thus this extrava-
gant work will go on indefinitely.
This argument of debts and sacrifices and
anxieties is an old one. It has been used from
time to time for forty years. It was never wholly
true, and has been growing less and less
truthful as these men have been growing
richer and richer. It is simply a convenient
and successful trick by which the wheels of
legislation are made to move to suit these pub-
lishers. It won three years ago, when the con-
tract of 18G9 was made. It will win on Mon-
day, and it will win two years hence, and it
is for this reason that they preferred to deposit
United States bonds in Wall street, as collat-
eral, and borrow money, rather than accept it
from the Government,
