1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3505
because I think onr quorum will dwindle down
and melt away directly. If the gentlemen
who are in opposition to this bill can waste the
time of the Sepate, those who are in favor of
it can do so. I think by to-morrow they will
come in here in good humor and waste no
time. I never have seen in my experience
here that we gained anything by trying to force
the Senate to do anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania suggests five minutes to
• the person offering an amendment, but no
reply. Is that the understanding?
Mr. CAM ERON. No reply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that, proposition?
Mr. HAllLAN. I wish to remind the Sen-
ate that to-morrow has been assigned for the
consideration of bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and I hope no arrange-
ment will be made at this late hour in the
evening which will interfere with that under-
standing.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I agree to
the proposition the Senator from Pennsylvania
has made. A few Senators can withdraw from
this Chamber and you will not have a quorum,
so that you gentlemen of the majority have not
got it all your own way.
Mr. MORTON. There are several objec-
tions, I believe, made to this proposition. To-
morrow has been set apart for the Committee
on Indian Affairs. Am I correct?
Mr. HAULAN. Yes. sir.
Mr. POMEROY. And the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MORI'ON. And they will claim to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the evening
is assigned for the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON. Some of us think it is
something of a hardship that the Senate should
be kept here to night to vote on amendments
under circumstances that show lhat nothing
can be accomplished by it. Senators have the
right; we understand that; bat that does not
alter the case.
Mr. CALDWELL. After having stayed here
till midnight, a majority of the Senate being
in-favor of passing this bill, I think we. had
better pass it if it takes all night. 1 propose
staying.
Mr. CAMERON. I am no captain, I am
only a private. My associates think it is better
to go oil to-night, and I follow them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
desire to embarrass the Senate. I propose
that we commence voting to-morrow at a
quarter past eleven o'clock, so as not to inter-
fere with the Committee on Indian Affairs, as
we can get through before twelve o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us go on.
Mr. HILL. I am obliged to state to the
Senate that it is impossible for me to_ remain
here any longer. I am doing great injustice
to my family by staying here till this late hour.
I cannot, stay longer.
Mr. PO M EROY. I think there can be an
understanding to take the vote at a. quarter
past eleven without debate. There is no use
of talking about an understanding to-morrow
if there is to be debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks that the Senate vote at a
quarter past eleven to-morrow without any
debate cxcept on new amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. I said without any
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia has insisted on five-minutes
speaking.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I have
offered no opposition either by Hpeech or
amendment to this bill; I have indicated my
views by my votes. I have an amendment
which I think important to the persons and
property to be affected. I shall feel it my
duty to offer ail amendment, and I would like to
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 220.
have at least a few minutes to state what it is
at the proper time. The amendment which I
propose is to strike out ot this bill the manner
in which it is proposed to determine the com-
pensation or damages which shall be given to
property-holders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
can move that amendment now, as there is no
amendment pending. He is now on the floor,
entitled to the floor, and can move the amend-
ment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Well, sir, I move to
strike out all after the word " Columbia," in
the fifty-sixth line, to the word "and," at the
commencement of the proviso in line fifty-
nine ; and I will state the reason I offer this
amendment.
The provision of this bill is that persons
owning property on Sixth street, to be occu-
pied by the line of this railroad, are to have
damages paid for the depreciation of their
properly. We all know that in many instances
paying the damages to the amount of the de-
preciation of the value of the property would
not compensate the owners of property for
the road running down that street,. I have
seen an instance of this kind in my own State,
where a railroad was by the commissioners of
a town in that State permitted to lay its track
down a certain street. The damages which
the property-owners on that street acquired
were according to the rule here attempted to
be described, and yet gentlemen engaged in
business, having their business there, having
built their property and business houses, and
occupying them as business houses, their busi-
ness was entirely broken up, and they were not
able to recover one cent of damage out of the
railroad company except what was considered
to be the depreciation in the value of their
property. Many of those gentlemen were
damaged seriously, perhaps more than the real
value of their property, and yet they were
deprived of any means of obtaining compen-
sation from the company. Now you have put
into this bill the measure of the damages
which those owning property on that street
shall obtain. It is this:
It being understood that tho question of damnpes
herein referred to shall bo con lined to tho quosuon
of appreciation antl depreciation of tho valuo of tho
property situated along said street.
Then you have laid down Sixth street, your
railroad ; you break up the business of any
man and every man on that, street; you may
deprive him of the means of supporting his
family by laying that track there, and he is to
have no compensation whatever for the dam
age he sustains in that, respect. You limit, liis
damages to the mere depreciation of his real
estate from it. I say that is not, a fair measure
of damages. I say if you are going to pass
this bill—I have no doubt you are—you ought
to give just compensation to every man to the
full extent of the damage which lie receives
thereby. That, is a fair rule, and that ought to
be adopted.
Mr. LOGAN.' Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. By what rule would you
measure damages other than the depreciation
of property ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. There are various
ways. Let the parties take out a commission
to ascertain the damages.
Mr. LOGAN. How could you ascertain?
You do not know whether a man's business is
to be broken up or not.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Everybody knows that
if you put a railroad track down a street
business must leave that street.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the point. I
only speak of it as a legal proposition. I do
not understand that there can be any measure
of damages except the injury done.
Mr. SAULSBURY. You limit it here to
injury to the property. Why not let it include
injury to the business of the party? That is
not a new question. That question of dam-
ages frequently comes up in the courts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Delaware undoubtedly means thisfor
instance, this railroad would not damage the
National Hotel, and yet if this railroad should
have a depot there tho National Hoffel would
not be worth half price,
Mr. SAULSBURY. Of course not; or if a
man had a business house, and yon hud down
a track so that, his customers could not in
safety come to his business house, would not
the man be damaged over and above the mere
depreciation in t.ho value of his property;
would not his business be broken up ? Are
you going to lay this track down Sixth street,,
drive the business from that street, injure the
men who are engaged in business on that
street, and give them no compensation for the
loss they have sustained over and above the
mere depreciation of their jiroperty in its value ?
That is not the measure of damages which it
seems to me is proper in cases of this laud.
Mr. LOGAN. On that principle you ought
to pay to the owner of a groem'y the value of
the liquor he would have sold if he had not
been broken up.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Gentlemen may sport
with the rights of parties. 1 think this bill is a
sporting bill entirely—sporting with the rights
of the people of this country in reference to
the public park in this city. It is a sporting
bill from beginning to end. I think it is time
the country waked up to the fact that when-
ever a corporation comes and demands a con-
cession from the national Legislature as well
as from State LegislaUnes its voice is potent
and potential. Why, sir, you have given
away of the public domain almost an empire;
to the Union Pacific railroad eleven million
acres of the public domain; to tho Northern
Pacific railroad you have given fifty million
acres of the public domain.
Now you come here, right in the capital of
the naliou, and propose to give away property
the value of which I do not undertake to know,
but which I have seen estimated at from three
hundred thousand to half a million dollars, to
a rich corporation. And when I, in behalf of
those men who have property on Sixth street
which it is proposed to dedicate to this rail-
road, ask that if they are damaged their dam-
ages shall be ascertained, and that they shall
be paid by this company which takes posses-
sion of that, sticeton which their propeiiy is
situated and on which their business may be
conducted, the effort is resisted. I do not
make any factious opposition to this bill be-
cause I know the decree has gom1 forth that
this railroad company shall have whatever ihey
want in this bill. But then I say we ought
to limit their rights; we ought not to suffer
them to take uieu's property, or at least dam-
age men's property, without giving fair com-
pensation for it. That is a fair proposition.
if I had property on Sixth street, and if I
was engaged in business there, I should not be
compensated by the mere making up to me of
the depreciation of the proper:,y. The rail-
road going upon that street might, break up the
business ill which I was engaged, by prevent-
ing my customeis from coming to my store or
business house. I certainly ought to have a
claim somewhere. Now, while you are liiieial
with this company you ought at least to make
the company be just to men who are injured by
it. Therefore, 1 have moved this ameudmeut.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will make a suggestion
that, I think will save a great deal of trouble.
The Senator's damages arc indirect andcouse-
quential. Would it not be well to refer the
amendment to the Geneva conference?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Perhaps some gentle-
man who may have had more to do ivttu the
Geneva conference than I have had *uighfc
answer the question better.
Mr WILSON. Mr. President, I now sug-
gest to the Senator from Vermont lo renew hia
proposition that we vote to-morrow at a, quar-
