1812.]
APPENDIX TO THE COtfGRESSiONAL OLOBE.
7 65
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
On hubs for wheels, posts, last blocks,
wagon blocks, oar blocks, gun blocks, heading
blocks, and all like blocks or sticks, rough-
hewn or sawed only, twenty per ceatum ad
valorem.
On pickets and palings, twenty per centum
ad valorem.
Ou laths, fifteen cents per thousand pieces.
On all shingles, thirty-five cents per thou-
sand.
On pine clapboards, two dollars perthousand.
On spruce clapboards, one dollar and fifty
cents per thousand.
On house or cabinet furniture, in pieces or
rough, and not finished, thirty per centum ad
valorem.
On cabinet wares and house furniture, fin-
ished, thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
Ou casks and barrels, empty, and on sugar-
box shooks, and packing-boxes of wood, not
otherwise provided for, thirty per centum ad
valorem.
On fruit, shade, lawn, and ornamental trees,
shrubs, plants, and flower seeds, not other-
wise provided for, twenty per centum ad
valorem.
On garden seeds, and all other seeds for
agricultural and horticultural purposes, not
otherwise provided for, twenty per centum ad
valorem.
On ginger, ground, three cents per pound.
On ginger, preserved or pickled, thirty-five
per centum ad valorem.
On ginger, essence of, thirty-five per centum
ad valorem.
On chocolate, five cents per pound, and on
cocoa, prepared or manufactured, two cents
per pound.
Sec. 2. That on and after the first day of
August, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, in
lieu of the duties imposed by law on the arti-
cles in this section enumerated, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares,
and merchandise in this section enumerated
and provided for, imported from foreign coun-
tries, ninety per centum of the several duties
and rates of duty now imposed by law upon
said articles severally, it being the intent of
this section to reduce existing duties on said
articles ten per centum of such duties, that is
to say:
On all manufactures of cotton of which
cotton is the component part of chief value.
On all wools, hair of the alpaca, goat, and
other animals, and all manufactures wholly or
iu part of wool or hair of tbe alpaca, and other
like animals, except as hereinafter provided.
On all iron and steel, and on all manufac-
tures of iron and steel, of which such metals
or either of them shall be the component part
of chief value, excepting cotton machinery.
On all metals not herein otherwise provided
for, and on all manufactures of metalsof which
either of them is the component part of chief
vMlue, excepting percussion caps, watches,
jewelry, and other articles ot ornament: pro-
vided, That all wire rope, and wire strand or
chain made of iron wire, either bright, cop-
pered, galvanized, or coated with other metals,
shall pay the same rate of duty that is now
levied on the iron wire of which said rope or
strand or chain is made ; and all wire rope and
wire strand or chain made of steel wire, either
bright, coppered, galvanized, or coated with
other metals, shall pay the same rate of duty
that is now levied on the steel wire of which
said rope or strand or chain is made.
On all paper, and manufactures of paper,
excepting unsized printing paper, books anu
other printed matter, not herein specifically
provided for.
On all manufactures of India rubber, gutta-
percha, or straw, and on oil-cloths ot all
descriptions. ,
On glass and glass ware, and on unwrougnt
pipe-clay, fine clay, and fuller's earth.
On all leather not otherwise herein provided
for, and on all manufactures of skins, bone,
ivory, horn, and leather, except gloves and
mittens, and of which either of said articles
is the component part of chief value; and on
liquorice paste or liquorice juice.
Sec. 3. That on and after the first day of
October next there shall be collected and paid
on all goods, wares, and merchandise of the
growth or produce of countries east of the Cape
of Good Hope (except wool, raw cotton, and
raw silk as reeled from the cocoon, or not fur-
ther advanced than tram, thrown, or organ-
zine), when imported from plaees west of the
Cape of Good Hope, a duty of ten per centum
ad valorem, in addition to the duties imposed
on any such article when imported directly
from the place or plaees of their growth or
production.
Sec. 4. That on after the first day of Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, in
lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law
on the articles mentioned in this section, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid on the
goods, wares, and merchandise in this section
enumerated, imported from foreign countries,
the following duties and rates of duty, that is
to say: .
On all burlaps, and like manufactures of
flax, jute, or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or
hemp shall be the component material of chief
value, excepting such as may be suitable for
bagging for cotton, thirty per centum ad valo-
rem ; on all oil-cloth foundations or floor-
cloth canvas, made of flax, jute, or hemp, or
of which flax, jute, or hemp shall be the com-
ponent material of chief value, forty per centum
ad valorem; on all bags, cotton bags, and
bagging, and all other like manufactures, not
herein otherwise provided for, except bagging
for cotton, composed wholly or in part of flax,
hemp, jute, guntly-cloth, gunny-bags, or other
material, forty per centum ad valorem.
On insulators for use exclusively in tele-
graphy, except those made of glass, twenty-
five per centum ad valorem.
On bouillons or cannetille, and metal
threads, file or gespinst, twenty-five per centum
ad valorem.
On emery ore, six dollars a ton ; and on
emery grains, two cents a pound.
On corks and cork bark, manufactured,
thirty per centum ad valorem.
On acids, namely, acetic, acetous, and pyro-
ligneous of specific gravity of 1.047, or less,
five cents per pound; acetic, acetous, and
pyroligneous of specific gravity over 1.047,
thirty cents per pound; carbolic, liquid, ten
per centum ad valorem ; gallic, one dollar per
pound; sulphuric, fuming (Nordhauseu), one
cent per pound ; tannic, one dollar per pound ;
tartaric, fifteen cents per pound.
On acetates of ammonia, twenty-five cents
per pound; baryta, twenty-five cents_ per
pound ; copper, ten cents per pound ; iron,
twenty-five cents per pound ; lead, brown, five
cents per pound; white, ten cents per pound ;
potassa, twenty-five cents per pound; soda,
twenty-five cents per pound; strontia, twenty-
five cents per pound ; zinc, twenty-five cents
per pound. ,
On blue vitriol, four cents per pound;
On camphor, refined, five cents per pound;
On sulphate of quinine, twenty per centum
ad valorem ;
On chlorate of potash, three cents per
P°OndlLchelle salts, five cents per pound;
On sal-soda, and soda-ash, one fourth ot one
cent per pound ; ,
On santonine, three dollars per pound,
On strychnia, one dollar per ounce ;
On bay-rum or bay-water, whether distilled
or compounded, one dollar per gallon of first
proof, and i a proportion for any greater strength
than first proof.
On rum essence or oil, and bay-rum essence
or oil, fifty cents per ounce.
On all sized or glued paper, suitable only
for printing paper, twenty-five per centum ad
valorem;
On vermuth, the game duty as on wines of
the same cost;
On mustard, ground, in bulk, ten cents per
pound ; when enclosed in glass or tin, fourteen
cents per pound;
On Zante or other currants, one cent per
pound;
On figs, two and one half cents per pound;
On raisins, two and one half cents per
pound;
On dates and prunes, one cent per pound ;
On preserved or condensed milk, twenty
per centum ad valorem;
On fire-crackers, one dollar per box of forty
packs, not exceeding eighty to each pack, and
in the same proportion for any greater or less
number.
On tin, in plates or sheets, terne, and tag-
gers tin, fifteen per centum ad valorem.
On iron and tin plates galvanized or coated
with any metal by electric batteries, two cents
per pound.
On Moisic iron, made from sand ore by one
process, fifteen dollars per ton.
On umbrella and parasol ribs and stretchers,
frames, tips, runners, handles, or other parts
thereof, when made iu whole or chief part of
iron, steel, or any other metal, a duty of forty-
five per centum ad valorem: Provided, That
the rate of duty upon umbrellas, parasols, and
sunshades, when covered with silk or alpaca,
shall be sixty per centum ad valorem; all
other umbrellas shall be forty-five per centum
ad valorem;
On saltpetre, crude, one cent per pound ;
refined and partially refined, two cents per
pound.
Sec. 5. That on and after the first day of
August next the importation of the_ articles
enumerated and described in this section shall
be exempt from duty, that is to say :
Acid, bora[c]ic and sulphuric;
Agates, unmanufactured;
Almond shells;
Aluminium, or aluminum;
Amber beads and amber gum;
American manufactures, the following, to
wit, casks, barrels, or carboys, and other ves-
sels, and grain bags, the manufacture of the
United States, if exported, containing Amer-
ican produce, and declaration be made of
intent to return the same empty, under such
regulations as shall be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury;
Angelica root; ,
Animals brought into the united States
temporarily and for a period not exceeding
six months, for tbe purpose of exhibition or
competition for prizes offered by any agricul-
tural or racing association : Provided, That
bond be first given, in accordance with the
regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, with the condition that the
full duty to which such animals would other-
wise be liable shall be paid in case of their
sale in the United States, or if not re-exported
within said six months ;
Annato, roncouj rocou? or orleans} and all
extracts of.
Annatto seed;
Antimony, ore, and crude sulphuret of;
Aqua fortis;
Argal-dust;
Arseniate of aniline;
Balm of Gilead ; i _
Balsams, viz: Copavia, fir or Canada, Peru,
and Tolu;
Bamboo reeds, no further manufactured
than cut into suitable lengths for walking-
sticks or canes, or for sticks for umbrellas,
parasols, or sunshades;
