3506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
ter past eleven o'clock without any further
debate upon the amendments to the bill, so as
to get through by twelve o'clock for other
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts renews the suggestion of
the Senator from Vermont, that the Senate
commence voting at a quarter past eleven
o'clock to-morrow upon the pending amend-
ments without fatther debate, and finally upon
the bill. Is there objection ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
I object. I object for this reason: the Sen-
ator from West Virginia made a fair proposi-
tion, which was to allow each member present-
ing an amendment, and nobody else, to make
an explanation not exceeding live minutes.
That was the proposition made to the Senate,
and that proposition if accepted would be
satisfactory.
Mr. POME ROY. I think if it is confined
simply to the one who moves an amendment
it is fair enough.
Mr. MORTON. Could there not be an
arrangement to vote on amendments by parcels
or batches?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not by parlia-
mentary law, but by unanimous consent it
might be done.
Mr. POMEROY. I think a five-minutes'
explanation is fair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas renews the proposition to vote at a
quarter past eleven o'clock to-morrow morning,
allowing the Senator offering an amendment
to speak five' minutes. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none. It is therefore ordered
that at a quarter past eleven o'clock to-morrow
the Senate proceed to vote on the pending
amendment, and all amendments that may
be offered, each Senator offering any amend-
ment to speak five minutes, but no other
Senator to speak on the amendments or on
the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the motion is put
I want to know whether anything can interfile
with the consideration and passage of this bill
to-morrow ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Nothing. By
unanimous consent it will be called up at quar
ter past eleven o'clock to-morrow in preference
to all other business. The Senator from Kan-
sas moves that the Senate adjourn".
The motion was agreed to ; and at eleven
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m. the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 10, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. jButler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when
Mr. DAWES asked unanimous consent that
the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
will.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PENINSULA AT eiuk.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Lastnight, in my absence,
a bill from the Senate giving to the United
States the peninsula at Erie, Pennsylvania,
was passed, with an amendment moved at the
instance ot the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] which will delay for a great while
the final passage of the bill. When I came in
and explained the matter to the gentleman
from Indiana he said he would move a reconsid-
eration this morning. I notice, however, by the
reading of the Journal, that the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table. I ask unani-
mous consent that that ameudment may be
stricken from the bill. The amendment is to
the effect that " said grant shall not impose
any obligation on the United States beyond its
acceptance."
_ Mr. RANDALL. This is not a land-grant
bill, but directly the reverse, giving land to the
United States.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I am not aware of any
objection made last evening to that amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I stated before the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] came in
that he informed me last night that he would
move this morning to reconsider the vote pass-
ing the bill, in order to reach the amendment.
But the Journal states that the motion to re-
consider was made and laid on the table. I
wish to state in the presence of the gentleman
from Indiana the reasons why I wish that
amendment stricken from the bill. [ learn
from one of our Senators this morning that it
is probable, if the bill is returned to the Sen-
ate with the amendment, he will not be able
for two or three weeks to get the bill up so as
to act on the amendment. The late mayor of
Erie is here and is anxious that the bill be
passed now.
So far as regards the question of the United
States expending money upon this peninsula,
they will expend money upon it; tiiey always
have done so. They have a light house upon
it, and a dwelling-house in which the light-
bouse keeper lives. They have a pier upon
it, and they have always taken care of it and
always must. The popular opinion in Erie
always was that this peninsula belonged to the
Unit£d States ; and it was only when it turned
out to be in the hands of some private parties,
who got a bill throuahthe Pennsylvania Legis-
lature, that the public beeaine extremely anx-
ious to have it put in the possession of the
United States, where they'aiways supposed
it was.
Mr. HOLMAN. I only wish to say that
last night- I said to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofiki.d] that if upon an ex-
amination of the subject this morning there
should he found to be any impropriety in the
amendment, 1 myself would move a reuonstd-
eration. I am not yet satisfied that, there is
no necessity for the amendment; but I will
examine it during the day, and, if necessary,
the matter can be called up by unanimous
consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. IIolman] will consent to
have his amendment withdrawn. I under-
stand the subject perfectly well, and I assure
him 
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not discuss the sub-
ject.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; if the gentle-
man from Indiana will not consent to what is
reasonable, after full explanation given to
him, let it go to the Senate and be d sagreed
to there, and sent to a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. HOLMAN. The conduct of these gen-
tlemen, with all due deference to them, seems
to indicate exceeding anxiety to get rid of the
amendment. I stated to thq gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] last night that
if upon examination there was found to be no
necessity for this amendment, I would myself
move a reconsideration of it.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
a motion to x-eeonsider will be entered, to be
called up hereafter if desirable.
No objection was made.
geneva arbitration.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed :
To the Ilouicof Representatives ;
I transmit herewith, for the information of the
House of Representative , the correspondence which
has recently taken place respecting tho differences
of opinion which have arisen between this Govern-
ment and that of Great Britain with regard to the
powers of the tribunal of arbitration created under
tho treaty sisnod at Washington, May 8,1871, nnd
which has led to certain negotiations, stilt pending
between tho two Governments,
w U.S.GRANT.
Washington, May 15,1872.
k. topp and w. n. vance.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R, No. 2379) for ihe relief of
Robertson Topp and William L. Vance; and
the same was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
butler, miller and company.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (U. li. No. 2039) fur the relief of
Butler, Miller & Co., and UawUes, Miller &
Co.; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
belief of connecticut, etc.
Mr. STRONG, by unan imous consent,
reported back from the Committee of Claims
a bill (H. Ji. No. 2709) for the relief of the
State of Connecticut, and other States; which
was ordered to be printed and recommitted.
PROPOSED BVKNING SESSION.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
that Thursday evening of next week may be
set aside for business of the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws.
Mr. PERCE. I will not, object, if Fitday
evening of next week lie assigned for business
of the Committee oil Education and Labor.
The SPEAKER The gentleman liotu Mis-
sissippi objects.
Mr. POLAND. I do not understand the
gentleman to object.
Mr. PERCli. 1 said I would not object if
a similar order could be made lor Friday even-
ing for the business of our coininiuee.
The SPEAKER. That is an objection, of
course.
Mr. PERCE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. I obpet. I do
not, 1 hink it safe, in view ofi he possible exigen-
cies of our business, to appropriate in the way
proposed the evening named.
UNROLLED HILL SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2055) for the relief of
H. C. Christopher, C. A. Uber, Edward Stiles,
and W. H. Lamdin.
1'OltT 1UPLKY RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in compliance wii h a request
of the Committee on Military Affairs, in rela-
tion to the Fort ltipley military reseivation;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of abscnce was
granted to Mr. Pi.att lor ihree days ; to Mr.
St. -Joti.N until next Wednesday; and to ilr.
Prixule for ten days.
tariff and tax bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to resume the con-
sideration of the tarilf and tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr, Scokielu in
the chair,) and lesumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sajtpeter refined or partially refined, three oents
per pound.
