4402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
pended by them in taking the ninth census in
excess of the compensation allowed them
linder the law in force on the passage of
this act;
A bill (S. No. 538) for the relief of Albert
I). Prica, postmaster at Somerville, Ottawa
county, Kansas;
A bill (8. No. 663) forthe relief of David L.
Wright, late captain of company E, fifty-first
regiment Indiana volunteers ; and
A bill (S. No. 995) to perfect certain land
titles therein described.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED..
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 575) for the relief of Seth
M. Whitten, late private of the fourth regiment
Michigan infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1003) to reimburse the
State of Kansas for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning militia forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1262) for the relief of
Charles Hipp, of St. Mary's, Auglaize couuty,
Ohio;
A bill (13. R. No. 1272) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and to protect
national cemeteries," approved E'ebruary 22,
1867;
A bill (H. R. No. 1298) for the relief of the
estate of lily Moore ;
A bill (U. It. No. 1758) to authorize the
appointment of deputies of clerks of circuit
and district courts ;
A bill (II. It. No. 1613) authorizing the
Secretary of War to expend certain moneys
for the purpose of sinking an artesian well on
the Fort 1). A. Russell military reservation in
Wyoming Territoiy;
A bill (II. It. No. 1773) for the relief of
Andrew J. Jemison ;
A bill (U. R. No. 1829) for the settlement
of the account of Major Abram Beeler, late
paymaster ot Untied States volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1805) for the relief of the
sureties of James T. Miller, late collector and
depositary at Wilmington, North Carolina;
A bill (II. R. No. I860) for the better secur-
ity of bank leserves, and to facilitate bank
clearing-house exchanges ;
A bill (II. It. No. 2031) for the relief of
Edward G. Allen, of Loudon, England;
A bill (II. It. No. 2136) to authorize an
appointment in the Inspector General's de-
partment ;
A hill (II. R. No. 2413) granting a pension
to George W. Parris ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2700) donating condemned
#annon and cannon-balls to cerium organiza-
tions for monumental purposes;
A bill (II, R. No. 2706) to amend an act
entitled ','An act to provide forthe disposition
of usel'MS military reservations," approved
February 24, 1871 ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2719) for cancellation of
bonds for manufactured tobacco lost on steamer
George P. Upton between the cities of Rich-
mond and New York ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2773) to amend section
five of an act entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1841," ap-
proved March 3, 1841, and to authorize the
proper construction thereof;
A bill (Id. It. No. 2807) for the relief of
Robert B. Williamson;
A bill (H. K. No. 2847) to authorize the
Orange. Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company to run trains and transport freight
and passengers within the District, of Columbia;
A bill (H. It. No. 2850) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, for the use of the post
office and United States courts in said city ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2858) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to release twenty-five acres of
the lands of the United States at Plattsburg,
New York, to the New York and Canada
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 2941) for the relief of
Frederick Pech ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2860) for the relief of W.
A. Howard; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2956) to authorize the
building of the New Mexico aud Gult Rail-
way, and for other purposes.
PUBLIC BUILDING SITE AT CINCINNATI.
Mr. THURMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back the
bill (H. It. No. 2867) to regulate the exercise
of eminent domain in securing a site for pub-
lic buildings in the city of Cincinnati, with one
amendment, which is simply a verbal amend-
ment, one word having been accidentally used
for another in the bill as it passed the House.
The committee make no recommendation as
to the passage of this bill or its rejection.
They simply report it back to the Senate with
that amendment. It is a matter in which the
people of Cincinnati feel a very considerable
interest. Congress has made an appropriation
for the purchase of a site for a court house,
custom-house, post office, and internal revnnue
offices in the eily of Cincinnati, accommoda-
tions for which offices are much needed there.
That, at least, is the opinion of the people of
Cincinnati. It has been found that property
cannot be purchased for the amount of the
appropriation. Hence the commissioners, who
are gentlemen of the very highest character',
selected without any regaid whatsoever to any
partisan or personal interest in the matter,
have made a repott to the Secretary of the
Treasury that unless power be given to con-
demn property it will be iinpossiule to acquire
the necessary ground for the ^ite for the amount
of money appropriated ; and it is in pursuance
of that recommendation that this bill was in-
troduced in the House of Representatives, has
passed that House, and is now before the Sen-
ate. It. is but justice to say for the Judiciary
Committee that its failure to make any recom-
mendation on this subject is owing to the fact
that it has had no time to investigate it. This,
1 believe, is the first bill providing for the con-
demnation of property for a public building of
the United States.
Mr. F It E LINGHUYSEN. There was a
bill for Chicago.
Mr. THURMAN. Was there? Then I
am incorrect: at least, that statement was
made in committee.
Mr. CONKL1NG. My friend will pardon
me ; I think he is only partially incorrect.
My impression is that the Chicago bill simply
employed and recognized a State statute which
hail recently been passed.
Mr. THURMAN. The committee were very
anxious to give this bill the most thorough con-
sideration, but they bad no time whatever to
do it. I say this in justice to the committee,
because they report the bill withoutrecommend-
alion, not trom any disposition to shirk their
duty, or to speak ambiguously, but simply
because it has been absolutely impossible for
them to investigate the subject as they wish.
I desire to say, however, in regard to this hill,
that the mode of condemnation is copied ver-
batim from the Ohio act in that subject, except
the necessary changes, but, in all substantial
things it is mutatis mutandis the Ohio statute,
an act that has been considered in that State
as one of the most perfect statutes on our
statute-book.
Under these circumstance's, in justice to the
people who are concerned, 1 feel bound to ask
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
this bill. It will only take a lew minutes.
The PRESIDEN i.pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent at this time. , Is there
objection ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Ohio if there is any-
thing more m it than merely to provide for
a site?
Mr. THURMAN. Nothing but a provision
for the condemnation of the ground for a site.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont What is the
amount of appropriation made?
Mr. THURMAN. None whatever. The
provision in regard t,o that is that if the amount
assessed shall in the opinion of the board of
public works, under our Ohio statute, be more
than ought to be paid, the Secretary will aban-
don the appropriation. This bill contains no
appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds were
quite ready that the Government should come
forward and perfect its title to the ground, but
did not contemplate or intend that there should
be an appropriation for the building the present
season.
Mr. THURMAN. This bill contains 110
appropriation whatever, nor does it contain
any provision for commencing the work at all.
It simply authorizes the condemnation of the
property; and ,}f the amount authorized by
the jury shall be more than the Secretary of
the Treasury finds to be warranted, either by
the appropriation or in his judgment more
than ought to be granted, he is authorized by
the act, just as in Ohio the Ohio officials are,
to abandon the proceeding for condemnation.
I ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection after
the morning business, or it may be taken up
subject to morning business.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; let that courss
be pursued.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There
being no objection, the bill reported by the
Senator from Ohio is before the Senate ; but
it will be laid aside informally to receive
morning business.
SURETIES OP S. F. MARKS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am instructed
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, to whom was referred the bill (11. It.
No. 2777) for the relief of the sureties of S.
F. Marks, former postmaster at New Orleans,
t.o report it back with a recommendation that
it pass; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to release the sure-
ties ofS. P. Marks, former postmaster at New
Orleans, Louisiana, from all claims on their
bonds as such sureties ; but they shall respect-
ively discharge ihe aliquot proportion of the in-
debtedness of the principal, without interest,
according to the number of sureties on the
bonds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN E. WOODWARD.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to report
back the bill (H. R. No. 1424) to reimburse
John E. Woodward for certain moneys paid
by him. The circumstances which give rise
to the bill are these: John E. Woodward was
directed by President Lincoln to seize and
sell certain rebel property in Kentucky. Suit
was brought against him, and there was a
recovery of $2,600, he having paid the money
into the Treasury. This bill is to reimburse
him that sum. I ask its present considera-
tion.
Mr. WINDOM. Subject to morning busi-
ness?
_ Mr. FRELTNGHUYSEN. If there is objec-
tion, I withdraw the report.
BROOKLYN NAVY-YARD.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the House resolu-
tion in regard to .the appointment of a com-
mission, to inquire into the propriety of re-
