1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
by tlie Senator from Wisconsin. I liave exam- j
ined I lie amendment of the Senator from Mas- i
sachu&etts with some care. and I have alio !
looked into tlie amendment of tbe Senator J
from Wisconsin ; and whde I do not give my ,
assent to either, there are marked differences
between the two, which I think when properly
understood will diive the Senate from the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts upon that of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The first distinction, and a very marked one,
is tins: that in the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts he gives an action for per-
sonal damages to the party aggrieved, which
the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin does not. That will be found—though the
sections are not numbered as they are classi-
fied—in the second section of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, which
provides—
That any person violating any of the provisions
of the foresoing section, or aiding in their viola-
tion, or inciting thereto, shall, for every such of-
fense, fortc-it unit pay the sum of $o00 to the person
aggrieved thereby.
That is omitted in the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin. Another marked
distinction is that in the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts he seeks to confer
upon the United States courts jurisdiction be-
tween parties who are citizens of the same
State ; that is to say. in the civil action which
he gives to the party aggrieved, the third sec-
tion, after reciting that the party may have
his personal action, sayo:
The same jurisdiction and powers are hereby
conlerred, and the same duties enjoined, upon the
courts and officers of the United States, m the exe- |
cation ot this act, as arc conlerred and enjoined
upon such courts and oflicers m sections three, four,
five, seven, and ten of an act entitled "An act to
protect all persons in tbe United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means of their vin-
dication," passed April D, I860."
Now it is very clear to any legal rnind that
under the Constitution no United States court
can take jurisdiction of civil actions between
parties who reside in the same State. That
proposition I conceive to be too clear for argu-
ment. It needs only the presentation of it to
any legal mind to amount to a conviction.
Yet the amendment of the Senator from Mas- i
saehusetts goes to that extent; he seeks to ^
give to the United States courts the power to I
enforce an action which a citizen of Georgia, j
for instance, who may be ejected from a hotel j
or ejected from a car or from any other public
conveyance, or who mayliave a right of action
for tbe violation of any of the clauses of this i
act, may have against another citizen of the
State of Georgia.
I do not think that it is necessary to enlarge
upon that view of this question. It is a broad
distinction, and shows this to be an unconsti- (
tutiomil clause. The Federal courts can never I
have the power, until we change the Constitu- |
lion, to enforce any action which any party j
who is a citizen of the State may bring against j
a citizen ot the same State. And yet while ;
this act does not say in express terms that ;
these courts shall have jurisaietion in ciyii j
causes, it goes on to center the power to take ;
juiisdiction to en'orce all the preceding pro- !
visions of this act, which c-o"er the ci"il action j
as well as create the penal offense. ^ _ j
That is the s>cviid marked distinction, j
There is tmotlur ti.stinetion. The Senator!
from Massachusetts seeks to piintsh marshals i
and district attorneys it they do not step
forward and advocate the cause ol a party
aggrieved. It upon information received by
them they do not go forward and prosecute
the party who has committed the ahe-ied
offense, he would impose upon them a se\ere
penalty. That 1 consider very unjust to the
officers of the courts. If a man has a cause,
either civil orerimitial, H is his duty to protect
himself. The courts are thrown open to him
by this statute; he can go in and have his
prosecution or his civil action; and yet the
Senator from Massachusetts seeks to punish.
any district attorney or any marshal who does
not upon information go forward and insti-
tute a prosecution for the party aggrieved.
The fourth broad distinction, and a very
marked one, between the propositions is this:
that the Senator from Wisconsin omits entirely
all question in reference to jurors in his amend-
ment. He does not seek to confer upon tbe
United States courts or upon the marshals of
those courts the power to select jurors. He
omits that question, as I understand, in the
amendment altogether, and he confines it
simply to a reference to railroads, inns, ceme-
teries, and benevolent institutions, and where
ever a party is 'aggrieved by being ejected or
refused admittance to any one of these it is
simply a penal offense.
But, Mr. President, there is another and a
much greater question involved in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, it i
is one, iti my opinion, which rises higher than j
any which I have yet presented. It is one of j
more vital importance to the people of this
country than any of the questions in reference
to civil actions, or penal offenses, or damages,
or the summoning of jurors ; and that ques-
tion is this: the fifth section of this amend-
ment reads in these words:
That every law, statute, ordinance, regulation,
or custom inconsistent with this act, or making any
discriminations against any person on account of
color, by the use of the word "white," is hereby
repealed and annulled.
I call the special attention of Senators to
the language of that section. Mr. President,
the mover of this amendment is a man of pro-
found learning; he is a man who has been an
expounder of the Constitution; he has been a j
professor, I believe, in a law school; he has j
sat in this Senate for over twenty years, and i
he is to be presumed to know the force and !
effect of any words which he incorporates in j
a bill. The Senator has announced already to j
the Senator'from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] j
on an inquiry put a few days ago. that he j
was perfectly satisfied with his amendment as |
offered, that'there was nothing that he desired j
expunged. It was supposed that he had ac- |
cepted the suggestions made by the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Frelixghuysex,] be-
cause he felt that those suggestions were proper,
and that without them his amendment would
be unconstitutional; but he has announced
that he is entirely satisfied with the amend-
ment as it now stands before the Senate. I
sav, therefore, he must be presumed to know
the force and effect of the language which he
has used in this section, and what is it? 'Sup-
pose the amendment goes into operation, what I
is its effect upon the States; what is to be its j
effectupon the State laws? It is nothing more |
nor less than this: that in any and every State |
where there is a statute, or a law, whether it j
be statute or not, which inhibits marriages !
between whites and blacks, this section strikes j
that statute or that law to the ground. ^ i
In my State there is such a law. I believe j
in the State of Illinois there is such a law, and i
so in the State of Virginia, and I apprehend j
in the State of Ohio; and yet if this amend- j
raent is to go into effect every such statute j
on those statute-books, from the time this bill, i
if constitutional, is passed, will cease to be in ,
force ; it will be absolutely void by reason ot i
the predominance of acts ot Congress over ;
any State legislation. Can there he any doubt j
i of'this? [ have read this clause caietully : l >
i have called the attention of several Senators j
; to this provision, and I have met with no one j
% ct who does not agree with me that the effect j
of passing this law would be to abolish every
State law which inhibits marriage between;
whites and blacks.
Now. I ask Senators if they are prepared
for this issue? Are they willing to vote that
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, incongruous as it is, shall go upon
tbis amnesty bill, and to declare to tue people
of this country thai they are willing ! aa> from
this time henceforth there shall be no uishne-
tion in this country, no social distinction, to
say nothing of political distinctions, between
the two races?
Mr. President, I am not prepared to believe
that the Senate is willing to go to that length.
I do not believe that there is a man here who
does not feel the superiority of the white over
the black race. While we accord to the latter
political rights—and I will go the length of
any Senator on this floor in securing the rights
of the blacks—there is a distinction which has
been marked by the Almighty Himself, and
which every man in his manhood and in his
piide recognizes, between the two races. If
you adopt this section, what distinction be-
tween them remains? You propose by the
amendment, in the fiist place, to put the chil-
dren together in the schools. There you make
no distinction. There you teach the young
and tender mind by this association that you
believe there is no distinction between the two
races. They grow up under that early impres-
sion until they ripen into manhood and woman-
hood. You then throw open the churches to
them. There you allow them to sit in the
same pews. The same familiar association
continues from childhood up to manhood, and
when they have arrived at manhood you then,
by your statute, say that if they see fit to join in
matrimony there shall be no impediment to it.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in his
opening speech upon this question, took the
bold ground, and defiantly, too, that he was
not. seeking any social equality; it was sim-
ply " equality before the law," an expression,
I believe, which originated with the honor-
able Senator. I would ask him or any other
Senator, if the clause to which I have called
attention shall "be enacted, what distinction
will then exist between the whites and blacks
in a social point of view? If they are edu-
cated together, if they grow up together, if
they are in familiar association all the days of
their lives, and are allowed to marry, what
other distinction can there be drawn of a social
na'ure that the Senator from Massachusetts
can point out?
To my mind this amendment is exceedingly
abhorrent: I revolt from it; and I beg that
Senators here will consider well not only the
other distinctions which I have drawn between
the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
and that, offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. but that they will consider well the
latter amendment in reference to the question
of marriage bec-veen whites and blacks before
they ever commit themselves in this Senate and
before this country to a declaration that hence-
forth there shall be no distinction of race or
color.
I rose. Mr. President, simply for the purpose
of pointing out at this particular time what I
conceive to be the distinctions between the
two amendments. I did not rise for the pur-
pose of discussing the merits of either amend-
ment itself. I may at some other time do that.
I think the whole amendment, every clause of
it, as well as that moved by the Senator from
Wisconsin, is unconstitutional, and I shall place
my vote upon that ground. I cannot consci-
entiously. vote for either amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I propose to
vote for the amendment proposed by my col-
league, and not for the amendment moved by
i the Senator from Wisconsin. I vote for it for
J the reason that it does, in the clearest and
j most positive manner, make illegal all diatinc-
i lions on account of color. 1 he Senator from
i Geoigia talks of the superiority of^ one race
' over "he other. Whatever differences ot opin-
| ion there may be in regard to that proposition,
! one thing is clear, tutu there should be no dis-
i tinction recognizei by the laws of the land.
' The laws of 'his Christian and democratic Be-
public should not, must not recognize distinc-
tions among citizens. It is because this amend-
ment strikes at this idea that I shall vote for
it. The Senator from Georgia must remember
that vve have been moving in the direction of
