1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4403
moving the Brooklyn navy-yard, have directed
mo to report it back with an amendment and
to ask its passage.
The Seeretaiy proceeded to read the resolu-
tion :
lit solved by the House, (the Senate concurring,)
That the President is hereby requested to organize
a comuii-Mon, composed of Army and Nnvy officers,
five, m number, to examine and report to Congress
on or betore the 20th of December next, first, upon
the propriety of removing the Brooklyn navy-yard
from its presentsite, and selling the land connected
with the yard and the marine hospital, and the
probable sum that could be realized to the Govern-
ment by such sale; second, upon the propriety, in
case of said removal 
Mr. SHEliMAN. The Senator ought not
to ask that that be taken up until the bill
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
is acted on.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 2800. It. is a little
bill that will not occupy one minute of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is abill up already.
I trust the Senator will allow the Cincinnati
bill to pass, and then it will be out of the way.
Mr. NYE. But there is another man, twice
your size, in my way hero. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution reported by the .Committee ou Naval
Affairs will be placed on the Calendar.
B. A. REYNOLDS.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1034) for the lelief of Benjamin A. Rey-
nolds, have directed me to report it back, and
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] the
chairman of the Committee on Claims, asked
me to request the present consideraiiou of the
bill. It is for the relief of a citizen of the
State of Wisconsin-.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
has been made to the consideration of all hills
during the morning hour.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest that
we commence, as this is about the last day of
the session, with the bill of the Senator from
Ohio, and take them up in regular order as
they have been presented.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better take
them up in order on the Calendar.
Mr. RAYARD. Do I understand that the
consideration of bills reported by a commit-
tee are objected to?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has given notice that lie will
object to the consideration of any business
until the bill which has been taken up subject
to the morning business is disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. In that way we can all
reach our object.
FOBT GRATIOT LIGIIT-IIOUSB.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 171) to provide for the sale of a part
of the light-house reservation at Fort Gratiot,
Port Huron, in the State of Michigan, have
directed me to report it back, and I ask unan-
imous consent to consider it now. It is a
puiely local bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-
tion has been made to the consideration of
any bills in the morning hour. If there be no
further morning business the bill reported by
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thbrman] is in
order.
CINCINNATI PUBLIC BUILDING SITE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2867)
to regulate the exercise of eminent domain in
securing a site for public buildings in the city
Cincinnati.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment in section three, line
nine, to strike out the word "board" and
iuseit the word " secretary."
Mr. TH U RMAN. That is to correct a mere
verbal mistake.
Mr. W1NDOM. It seems to me that is a
very long bill to pass without any reeommead-
ation frpm a committee. Certainly the Senate
cannot examine it ou a single reading
Mr. THURMAN. The Judiciary Commit-
tee did not report it because the committee
have uot been able to have any meeiing since
it was referred to it so as to fully examine it.
As to the length of the bill, that is simply be-
cause it adopts the State statute in legard to
the condemnation of property. It is copied,
as I said before, from the Ohio State statute;
the only difference between them is that
where "the board of pubiic works" is used in
the State law the name of "the Secretary of
the Treasury" is inserted here. The length
of the bill is because it adopts, I undertake
to say, the best guarded and most carefully
considered law to be found in the United
States on the subject of the condemnation of
property. It is a law that has been in force
in the State of Ohio for eighteen years, and
has not been amended by a change of one
single letter in those eighieen years.
Mr. W1NDOM. If the bill has not been
examined by the committee, I ask if the Sen-
ator himself believes it to be constitutional?
Mr. THURMAN. My impression is that it
is consliluiioual. . I am perfectly frank to say
that I have had some little difficulty upon that
subject; but on reflection I am inclined to
believe that it is constitutional.
Mr. WINDOM. I am perfectly willing to
vote for it if the Senator himself is sure it is
constitutional.
Mr. THCJllMAN. The question is simply
this: every Senator can decide for himselt 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will worry my colleague, who is a
little timid on the Constitution. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I am a very strict
construeiionist; but the question is exactly
this  
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that the Senator
stated there was no appropriation in the bill;
but I think we are in for that building when
you buy that land. I think we are committed
to it.
Mr. THURMAN. This does not compel
you to take it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The money is appro-
priated already.
Mr. COLE. In the bill which passed the
Senate yesterday there was $500,000 for the
purchase of the site for this building.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a mode of getting
the title.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all.
Mr. POMEROY. But I think the Senator
undertook to represent that we were not com-
mitted to anything because we provided a way
of getting title to a site for the building. I
want it distinctly understood that this does-
commit us to a building of very large dimen-
sions and probably great expense at Cincin-
nati.
Mr. THURMAN. You committed your-
self by making an appropriation for it; and
this bill is simply because the property-holders
there ask so much for their property that the
commissioners report that unless there be
power to condemn a site they will not be able
to get a site with the appropriation you have
made.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not have said a
word but that the Senator said it was an inno-
cent thing, that had nothing in it, and I thought
the impression might be that we were not
going to build there at all.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know from
any Senator whether there is any-precedent
for the Federal Government undertaking to
exercise the rights of eminent domain within a
State, and that,too,in itsown courts? Wassuch
a case ever heard of before, or such an attempt
ever before made? If this can be so, then
the Government of the United States can pre-
scribe its own methods of condemnation and
have them decided by its own tribunals, and
oust in that way the jurisdiction of the State
and her control over her own territory. It
seems to me. with due respect for so distin-
guished a jurist as tnv friend from Ohio, that
he may well havegrent doubts upon the con-
stitutionality of tins act.
Here is a Uw asserting for Congress power
to exercise the right of eminent domain, to
condemn land for the use of the Federal Gov-
ernment within a State, in its own tribunals,
without the consent of the State. 1 can well
understand that the Government of the United
States may become the purchaser by private
purchase of property within a State, hut it can-
not exercise jurisdiction over that property
except with the consent of the State. Such is
the express language of the Constitution ; but
this is not that case. This is a proceeding
not in accordance with State authority, not to
accept a condemnation of land made by State
authority, but to condemn land in invitum by
Federal authority and in the Federal tribunals.
It seems to me the statement of the case makes
it plainly without the power of Congress. There
is no authoiity for the Federal Government to
condemn land in the States unless they pro-
ceed there by the consent of the State as a citi-
zen might to obtain title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
from Delaware if he heard the statement made
by my colleague that the Legislature of Ohio
have already ceded to the Federal Government
jurisdiction of the ground?
Mr. BAYARD. But not of " this ground,"
because " this ground" is whatwe may choose
to go to work and condemn under this law, and
I cannot imagine the title to that so acquired
will be held valid in any court in Ohio or any-
where else. m.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no difficulty
about this matter. If the Legislature of Ohio
were in session they would undoubtedly pass
the necessary law to make the condemnation,
butundoubtedlyihe Government of the United
States have a right to take property on the
payment of just compensation.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly they have; they
may do that by consent; but tbey cannot take
it in invitum by proceedings of condemnation
of theii' own, because that is an act of sover-
eignty which is uot vested iu them by the
Constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Government
of the United States has a right to take private
property for public uses upon giving full com-
pensation. That is the plain provision of the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
ask the Senator from Ohio for what purpose
this land is to be taken?
Mr. SHERMAN. Fora custom-house, post
office, and other public buildings.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that by the Constitution the United States has
the right to collect customs and has a right to
have post offices, and 1 understand that by the
Constitution the Congress of the United States
has the right to pass all laws which are neces-
sary and proper to carry into execution the
foregoing powers, that is, those recited in the
eighth section of the first article, and all other
powers vested in the Government of the Uni-
ted States. The idea that this great Govern-
ment cannot have a post office or a custom-
house unless it goes on its knees to some State
or individual, I think is an absurdity.
Mr. BAYARD. That idea of the great Gov-
ernment I suppose ought to end the whole
thing! Thp idea of a great Government is a
set of words used when here stands the charter
which we are sworn to obey. These words
are part of the declamation of the present hour
which is sweeping away every trace of the
Government our fathers founded.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the charter we are sworn to obey is that the
Congress of the United States can make all
laws to carry into effect all the powers con-
ferred upon it, and among the powers conferred
upon it are to collect the customs and have
post offices.
