1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8507
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
by sti iking out the lines just read. Saltpeter,
as every one knows, is obtained entirely from
abroad; hencfe I do not see that this matter
involves any; question of protecting American
industry. The duties received last year upon
this article were, I believe, $175,000. One
important use of the article is in the manufac-
ture of gunpowder. The only powder that is
adapted to general purposes is manufactured
, by the use of saltpeter. In some cases the
use of this article maybe dispensed with; but
the powder made iu that way is not at all
adapted for sporting purposes, for gunnery,
or for use in war. Gentlemen of the commit-
tee are aware that during the war, on account
of our saltpeter coming from abroad, the na-
tion was liable to be put in very great dis-
tress ; so that it is the interest df the Govern-
ment to have an accumulation of this article
in the establishments making gunpowder, that
hereafter, whenever we are liable to have dif-
ficulty, there may be a quantity on hand.
_ Besides, sir, this article is used in connec-
tion with the preservation of meats. There is
the same reason for placing this article on the
free list a,s_for putting salt there. Yet here is
a proposition to maintain upon saltpeter a
duty of three cents per pound, which is from
one third to one half the entire cost of the.
article abroad.
1 can therefore see no good reason why this
should not be placed upon the free list. The
protection of the Government in time of peace
or in time of war, for all useful purposes, for
curing beef, every reason in regard to its use
is iff lavor of putting it upon the free list. I
have made the motion, therefore, to strike it
out, that it may be placed upon the free list.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Chairman, I am a
little surprised this motion should come from
my colleague, the motion to strike out an
article which the committee as far as I know
have been unanimous in keepingat itspresent
duty, and which, as I contend, is necessary
unless he wish to be in the power of England
or some other foreign country ior supply of
saltpeter during war. As it is well known,
there was no manufacture of saltpeter in this
country until 1862. At the tim-e of the Trent
affair in 18(52. apprehending there would be
trouble between this country and England,
the Government of Great Britain prohibited
any exportation of saltpeter, and prevented
any being shipped of that which had already
been ordered for us. The large orders ready
for this country were stopped. We were
really in danger for some months during the
year 1802 of being cut off entirely from salt-
peter lor our powder. The Government pub-
lished proposals inviting our people to enter
into the manufacture of saltpeter here at home.
Manufactures of it were started. During the
war the moderate duties were imposed on it
which have continued until now.
The motion to strike out is in the interest of
two or three large powder concerns who im-
port salipeter, an-d against the interest of the
smaller powder manufacturers of the country,
and against the interest of other consumers.
There is one powder company in Connecticut,
and it has risen up without any tariff legisla-
tion against it, -but under the protection of
eiglit cents a pound the last forty years. I
refer to the Hazard Powder Company, and
they with one or two other large powder com-
panies can control the market if the duty on
saltpeter is removed. They could buy all
the saltpeter-and dictate the terms to every-
body else, precisely as is the case in New
York now with the copper ring. That game
was played more than once before the late
war.
Manufactures of saltpeter have sprung np
here since 18G2, and since then saltpeter has
been cheaper than when none was produced
here. It is a necessity of the country at all
times, and an article of prime necessity in war.
It is an article we are obliged to have, and it is
an article we can produce, and are producing
m many of the States. We know the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are not for increas-
ing taxation, and they have unanimously
agreed to this duty. They have so far as 1
know unanimously agreed to retain this duty.
It is for our interest as a nation to do it, and I
earnestly hope the committee will refuse to
strike out this paragraph.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I think this
motion should prevail. I am in favor of putting
the article of saltpeter upon the free list. 1
know no reason in the world why it should be
retained at the present high rate of duty.
It appears the gentleman from Connecticut
who last spoke fears a scarcity of the article
in this country. Itseems to me that is utterly
visionary, without foundation in the past ex-
perience of the country. He is mistaken in
some of his facts. I think this country is now
diversified enough iu interests in this direction
as well as every other, and able to compete
on equal terms with the whole world. Great
Britain has no duty on this article at all. Very
few of the nations of Europe have any duty on
this article. They have no apprehension of
any scarcity in time of war. It is kept on in
the interest of a few manufacturers of powder
in this country, to maintain what in my judg-
ment is a monopoly almost as great as any
mentioned in the course of this tariff discus
sion. I believe it ought to be put on the free
list. I therefore hope the motion of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Staukwkatueh J
will prevail.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I asrrce
with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kiiitu]
in regard to this matter, but for different rea-
sons. Nature has made a monopoly for the
manufacture of saltpeter. We c<tn only im-
itate her work. When nitrate of soda is made
into gunpowder it attracts moisture and will
not preserve itself, but cakes and deteriorates.
Saltpeter is a natural product only, and is
to he prepared by following the course of na-
ture. and among the first laws passed by the
Massachusetts colony in 1U42 is the following
provision, which was not for saltpeter manu-
facture but for saltpeter production :
"And being willing to lay bold on & use all Mich
means as God shall direct, us unto, lib may tend to
tho raining k p'duseing such m;iterialls amorist
ourselves its may p'feet the untieing ot gunpowder,
the instrum'tall ineanes that all nations lay houid
ou for thciro p'servations. (havingc too much neg-
lected to take due course, wch wee might have done,J
do order and decree, that every plantation wtlun
this colonye shall erect tin hou.se in length about ]
twenty or thirty t'oote, and twenty foote wide, vvthrn ;
one hallo yeare next cominge, into wch house weo ,
deMro & euioyne tho oilier,-! of caeh military com-
pany in each towne to see & cause a sulliotent quan-
tity ot earth by their companion or otherwise yeai ely
to bee carried. & twice in every yeare, or ofuier.
the earth from its foundation by them to bee stirred
& removed irom one end theicof to the other, hum
the bottome to the top, mixeing such urino of men !
and beast, wth goatcs, henna, hoggs. & horses dunge,
as shalbee by the carelull & conscionablo members
of this eomon wealth brought to bo di.spensL and
scattered amongst tho said earth, the company not
leaveing of bringing more earth into tho said houses
till it shall eomewthin two t'oote of the wail plato
of the same; and that tho said houses bee well cov-
ered, their sides Sc endes so ordered that no wott
may come into them, to the p'iudico there ot; & lor
the further p'movemg of what is above ordered
decreed, wee declare that, all such inhabitants of '
evry town as shall cause the urine of their families
in some such place to be put & kept, as ttiat it may
beo in due time brought & dispensed in tho said
houses, or ot[ber] outhouses of their owne, wch are
uliko ordered & covered, do best discharge their du- i
tics, & manifest tbemselues sencible ot the genralf ;
danger of this comon weale."
That was the earliest production of saltpe- !
ter in this country, and that is the only way I
in which it can be produced here.
All our saltpeter comes from the eastern j
continent, and vessels bring it as ballast with i
cargoes of tea, jute butts, and other East
Indian products. It would therefore come
very cheap, were it not that our tariff causes :
it to be sent to England instead, it is tor the ;
interest of the Government, in my judgment, i
as it is for the interest of the people, to put
saltpeter on the free list. The Government
have already many thousands of tons in store—
I will not say how many hundred thousand
tons there are in the town of Maiden, Massa-
chusetts, which accumulated during the war.
The Government has as much stored as will
last through a very long war, as less saltpeter
or powder is used in time of war than in time
of peace. I hope saltpeter will be put on the
free list,
Mr. COX. Saltpeter is worth seven cents
a pound. The tax proposed on it here is
three cents a pound, a duty of nearly fifty per
cent, ad valorem. I am iu favor of putting it
on t.lie free list.
Mr. CROCKER. I rise to a question of
order. There is so much disorder in the Hall
that we cannot hear a single word.
Mr. COX. I do not know that it would
influence anybody if gentlemen did hear. But
I believe there is a general consent on all
sides of the House, on the part of protection-
ists as well as others, that, there should be
some modification of this bill iu regard to salt-
peter^ In I860 saltpeter was entirely free.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] informs
me that on refined, or partially refined, there
was a duty of ten per cent.
Now, saltpeter comes only from India; it
does not belong to this country, it is not made
here, although it is sometimes manufactured
out of two articles, nitrate of soda and muriate
of potash; but the saltpeter so manufactured
is a poor article people do not want, and it is not
used. 1 am in favor of putting iton the free list,
for the simple reason that while it is used iu
making powder it has also other uses, and
those uses are entirely in the interests of tho
body ot the people. That is the reason why I
wish to have it put on the free list,. If the
motion made by the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Staukwkatiijiii] does not. prevail,
I shall move to put it there. If the question
is lightly understood, I think tho committee
will take that course.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
express my sense of gratitude to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. CoxJ and tho
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Ktcittt] for ad-
mitting my general view and agreeing with me
that those articles which wo cannot produce iu
this country, but which are essential to us and
have to be impoited from a great distance,
should come in at, nominal duties or free.
Mr. S l'EVENSON. You do not apply that
to quinine?
ilr. KELLEY. One third of the produc-
tion of tile world's production of quinine is
manufactured in lliis country.
Mr. STEVENSON. We only extract the
hark.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman. We are debating another question.
But I will say that we produce thirty-three per
cent, of the quinine of the world.
Mr. STEVENSON. And that is manufac-
tured in Philadelphia.
Mr. KELLEY. But we cannot produce
saltpeter, and we cannot make rifle powder
without it.
Mr. KELLOGG. We do produce salt-
peter.
Mr. KELLEY. }Vo do not.
Mr. BUTLIiR, of Massachusetts. We pro-
duce nitrate of potash.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; we import nitrate
of soda and muriate of potassa. I had tho
honor of inducing the last Committee of' Ways
and Means to recommend 
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order.
It is useless to proceed with the amount of
disorder which prevails in the Hall. Nobody
knows what is going on, and unles3 order can
be restored. I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Business willbe sus-
pended until there is better order. The com-
mittee will come to order.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Uou
