1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
poration which can build the road without
any assistance from the Government, asking
for millions of acres of the public domain;
and this request is backed up by other schemes,
having behind them two hundred million acres
in the aggregate.
Not only that, but Goat Island and all
the subsidies for steamship lines combine to
push this bill through. Yet the gentleman
from Michigan gets up here and bitterly com-
plains of Connecticut because her political
conventions of both the great parties say that
these lands belong to the people; that they
are the common inheritance of the people of
the whole country, and that they shall not be
given away to enrich corporations; that they
shall bepreserved for settlers under the home-
stead act, for soldiers, and for educational pur-
poses. Connecticut has always been liberal
in giving these lands to the actual settler, and
in donating them to the purpose of education.
It has in years gone by been quite too liberal
in giving them to corporations. We do not
expect to benefit our Treasury by the sale of
the lands. We say, let actual settlers have
them; let the brave soldier have them; let the
poor people of the country have them for an
educational fund, but do not fritter them away
for the benefit of corporation monopolists.
By passing this bill we shall help to build up
a landed aristocracy, the curse of every coun-
try and every age.
Mr. Speaker, the land-grant policy cannot
be defended; and, sir, if there be anything
which can bring the dead Democracy to life
again, if there be anything that can restore to
power the party represented on the other side
of the House, it is the supposed opposition of
the Democratic party to land grants, and the
support which such grants receive on this side
of the Chamber.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not intended, Mr. Speaker, to take any part
in this debate, and 1 only rise now in order to
correct what seems to me to be an erroneous
impression left by the very eloquent and able
speech of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger.] He says the provision of the Con-
stitution and the action of the Government
under it in admitting new States into the
Union, by which all of the lands of the Union
are held for the benefit of all, is a fraud ; and
the new States have a right to complain of the
old States, and do complain, that the public
lands have not been given them for theirsep-
arate and individual use, ail that lie within
their borders, for the purpose of building rail-
roads and other internal improvements. _
He says the first generation of settlers in the
new States were engaged in the hard struggle ot
redeeming "from the wilderness the soil which
composes their States, in making roads and
bridges and other improvements necessary to
civilization. Well, sir, does not the gentleman
forget that the first generation of settlers of the
old States came here and redeemed from the
wilderness, holding the ax and the shovel in one
hand and the rifle in the other for their defense,
the land they wrested from the savage and from
the barbarous state in which it was? Who
aided Massachusetts in building its roads?
Who aided Connecticut in building its roads?
Who aided New York in building its roads?
More than that, who aided Massachusetts in
building a gridiron of roads over her own soil,
for the common convenience and necessity of
every citizen of the Uuited States, by any grant
of public lands?
Let me say the new States, and all the set-
tlers of the new States, most of them going out
from the old States, have had a very different
lot from what our fathers in New England
and the Atlantic States met and overcome.
The settlers of the new States have a great
and strong Government to protect them ; they
have the protection of the Army of the United
States to take care of them while they are
pursuing their industries. In almost every
instance they have received grants of lands
from the United States for the purpose of
establishing and supporting their school sys-
tems and their colleges. They have in almost
every instance grants of lands toward build-
ing their railroads. And in order that they
might get to their new homes, many years ago
the national Government built national roads
by which their homes might be accessible.
Therefore, if there is any inequality between
the condition of the old States and the condi-
tion of the new States in this Union, under
the Constitution, it is in favor of the new
States. We in the old States do not complain
of this; for the men who have settled the new
States are our children, they are of us, and
we, as every protecting father does, have made
their condition as pleasant and profitable as
possible to them, with justice to ourselves.
What the gentleman from Michigan com-
plains of is that we will not give them for
their use and their convenience the whole of
our patrimony which we redeemed from the
savage and the wilderness. They might, per-
haps, have some reason to complain did we
hold it with a niggardly hand for our own ben-
efit ; but we simply hold it under the Consti-
tution for the benefit of all. I call the atten-
tion of my friend from Michigan [Mr. Costgek]
to that point; we simply hold these lands under
the Constitution for the benefit of all, for the
benefit of Wisconsin and Michigan, as well as
every State in the Union. If we hold them
for the benefit of any particular State in the
Union, and if we give to this, that, or the
other State rights over the public land not
enjoyed by all the other States, then the pro-
vision of the Constitution, that all States shall
be admitted on an equal footing, would no
doubt be a fraud and a wrong. I ask my
friend, carried away undoubtedly as he was in
the heat of debate, I ask him to review his
words, and if he finds he has brought an un-
just charge against the old States, and a still
more unjust charge against the Constitution
of the United States, which we all love and
reverence, to withdraw those charges. There
is no provision in that instrument which in-
volves or permits a fraud or wrong.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dunnell.]
Mr. DUNNELL. I had not expected to
occupy the time of the House any further
in the discussion of this question. 1 did not
desire to do so. But the friends of the bill have
assigned to me a few minutes to refer to eer-
taip positions which have been assumed here
in this debate by the enemies of the bill.
Some things have been said here, Mr.
Speaker, to which I ask the attention of the
House. One gentleman upon the other side
said that the settlers, in whose behalf an argu-
ment has been made here, "took their risk''
when they went into this then new and unset-
tled portion of Wisconsin, and upon the faith
of the Government paid out their $2 50 per
acre for every acre ot land they acquired, some
two hundred thousand acres in all. The gen-
tleman said these settlers took their risk. The
moral is, Mr. Speaker, that those men, going
out as settlers upon the public domain, and
paying $2 50 per acre for every acre of
land they took up, were dealing with a Gov-
ernment who might have replied to them,
" Gentlemen, you are taking a risk.'' It is
surely a low idea of the Government to sup-
pose that when settlers went upon the pub-
lic domain in good faith and paid for their
lands, they could turn round and say to these
settlers, "You are indeed American citizens,
but you took your risks in dealing with the
Government." Has a citizen who accepts the
plighted and pledged faith of the nation no bet-
ter answer to receive in the House of Ivepre-
sentatives than that these men took their ri.sks !
Is it right that such an answer should be given
to any settler who has gone upon the public
domain, whether he has paid for his lalid $2 50
or $1 25 an acre? An American citizen ought
not to be thus dealt with. lie ought te have
the confidence that he is dealing with a Gov-
ernment that is honorable, that loves equity,
and that will.act equitably in its transactions.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there has been no reply
to the position we have taken upon this floor,
that the Government is under an obligation to
make good its pledged faith. These men went
out there, as was said by the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Cokger] yesterday, and "they
paid into the Treasury more than half a million
dollars. They, as was said by the gentleman
from Illinois when this matter was under dis-
cussion some weeks ago, have some claim oil
this Government because of this pledge that
was made to them.
In the discussion which we had here yester-
day and in the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ketcham,] the chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lauds, I regret-
ted profoundly that he should make charges,
not indirectly but directly, against the officers
ot' this Government. He told the House of
Representatives and the country that the Sec-
retary of the Interior had been cheek by jowl
with the men that are seeking to get this land
grant at the present time. He told the House
and the country that the Secretary of the In-
terior had failed to do his duty, and that he
had gone back upon the settlers who have
gone to that country. Mr. Speaker, the Sec-
retary of the Interior needs no word of mine
to uphold him before this House or the coun-
try, and no word that the gentleman can utter
can detract one iota from the high rank he
holds here and throughout the Union.
Mr. KETCHAM. The gentleman will allow
me one word of explanation. I said not one
word about the present Secretary of the Inte-
rior. I had the contract read.
Mr. DUNNELL. Gentlemen of the House
know very well what words were said. The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] made
a better answer than I can make to the remarks
which have been made here during this dis-
cussion, that the country through which this
road is to be built is a well-settled one. He
showed that this country comprises one hun-
dred and ninety-two townships, and yet has a
population of but three thousand and thirty-
one. The very figures which he gives form a
complete answer to that position which was
assumed by one of the enemies of this bill.
But I am assigned but a few minutes and must
pass on. This bill, strangely as it may seem,
is in the hands of an enemy of the measure,
although a majority of the Committee on the
Public Lands was in favor of this measure,
and voted a bill through the committee pre-
cisely in the form in which the bill camebefore
the House from the Senate. Yet, strange as
it must seem, an enemy of the bill has charge
of it here on the floor of the House, and I and
other friends of the bill are cat down to a few
minutes during the closing debate on the bill,
and the closing minutes of the hour are as-
signed, as I understand it, to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] who will ful-
minate against it, and there can be no reply to
the figures which he may make use of, or the
arguments he may adduce in his strange hos-
tility to anything that looks like permanent
and progressive development in the country.
Mr. Speaker, there was made during the
early part of this session a speech by the gen-
tleman from Oregon, [Mr. Slater,] a membet
of the Committee on the Public Lands, and facts
were stated in that speech that have not been
answered. We add to the public wealth five
times the cost of every road that has been
built Let us build two hundred miles of road
through northern Wisconsin, and we add to the
wealth of the nation more than all these lands
would be worth at five dollars an acre. I am
surprised that sensible men, sagacious men,
good statesmen, should have caught hold of
