1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
the theory that our public lands are all to be
forever locked up, and not one acre shall be
devoted for public improvement. Here is a
great country asking for development. Here
wealth that is begging to be brought to the
light, and to be poured into the Treasury of the
United States, yet men are talking here, as the
gentleman from Michigan eloquently said,
about " myths," about " actual settlers," no-
where living on God's footstool. These men
are talking about actual settlers, and the gen-
tleman from Ohio will talk about them when
he never saw them. They have no p'aee
except in disordered imaginations. There
are those who seem to think that every acre
of the public lands that has been donated has
been squandered.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I make this challenge:
there is not a man upon this floor that can ad-
duce one single instance wherein the appro-
priation of public lauds in this country has
not paid back tenfold, not one instance. Take
Illinois, take any of the western States ; take
any State in this Union where there have been
donations of public lands, and what has been
the result? An increase of population, an
increase of wealth, an increase of men—of
strong stalwart men developing the resources
of the country, fighting its battles and doing
honor to the country. There is not one square
acre of this country that does not respond to
the policy we have inaugurated. And yet
there are men who are mad, who are crazy
over this question of the public lands, as though
they had all been given away, when wo have
not given away one acre out of ten. We have
a domain big enough for all creation, I was
about to say, and yet men are frightened as
though they were to be robbed.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Tyxer]
made a singular argument against this bill.
Now, Indiana has received twelve hundred
thousand acres of swamp lands, and yet
she is here this winter asking us to give
her the bed of a certain lake that has dried up
within the last ten years. Not satisfied with
all that has been given her above water, she
now wants even the dried beds of lakes, one
of which is worth $180,000 ; she wants us to
givo that to her. And her delegation are all
opposed to anything like a donation of public
lands, so they say to us.
Mr. KERR. Indiana drained that lake at
her own expense.
Mr. DUNNELL. With lands that the Gov-
ernment of the United States gave her, and
not a dollar out of her own treasury.
Mr. KERR. Not so; only at the expense
of the State and of her own people.
[Here thehammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Hay] for two min-
utes.
Mr. HAY. I wish to say right now that I
want the constituency I represent on this floor
to know that under the rules of this House
but two minutes are granted to me to reply to
the many arguments that have been made in
favor of this grant. Now, in this short period
of time, what I wish to reaffirm as true is what
has been repeatedly denied in this discussion ;
that is, that the single State of Wisconsin has
received more acres of land in grants for the
construction of railroads than her three sisters
of the Northwest Territory, Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois. I say that the figures of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office show
that to be so. The fact that the company hav-
ing those grants have not taken out patents
for the land is because the owners of those
land grants are seeking to shirk their duty
and responsibility in paying the just taxes
which they ought to pay, if they were act-
ing in_ good faith toward the Government in
accepting these grants of land.
There is not a portion of the United States
where there is less icause for a grant of land
to build a railroad than the region embracing
this proposed grant. A parallel case to this,
to show how little reason and justice there is
in this claim for a grant to build this road,
would be to suppose there was a body of pub-
lic land in the State of Illinois, from Chicago
to Cairo,, within fifteen or twenty miles from
the line of the Illinois Central railroad, and a
company of capitalists proposing to build a
railroad came here and asked for a grant of
such lands. The foundation upon which that
request would rest would be as reasonable as
this. Here, within a range of fifteen or twenty
miles, a range within which political econo-
mists say a railroad benefits settlements and
gives them the benefit of a market; here, within
a range of fifteen or twenty miles, is a railroad
commencing and terminating parallel with this,
dotted all along with towns and settlements,
as the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands [Mr. Ketcham] has said—a
region that is sure to remunerate largely the
investment of private capital in constructing
a railroad.
Now, the truth about this matter is this : that
a few rich men in the city of St. Paul, and a
few owners in Wisconsin of pine forests, are
all the people in the whole 01 this broad con-
federacy that have a particle of interest in this
grant of public land for this purpose; and
while I have time I wish to say this onething,
that nothing has delighted me more than the
fact that 0110 of the purest and ablest Senators
from New England, who represents the State
which you, sir, in part have the honor to rep-
resent, has told the American Senate, in the
most solemn language that he could command,
that this policy of granting away the public
land must cease ; that one of the most extraor-
dinary and startling chapters in American
legislation is that chapter which records the
legislation of the Congress of the United States
on that subject since 18G6. This Senator also
made the announcement that gentlemen would
do well to heed that there have been granted
away of the national domain the enormous
amount of two hundred and eighty-sis million
acres.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KETCHAM. I now yield eight min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mi-. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. 1 yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
that he may have a petition read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have just
received a petition from numerous citizens of
this country, laboring men, protesting against
the policy of which this bill is an exempli-
fication.
Mr. RUSK. I have a petition here, as long
as that of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holmajt,] in favor of this measure.
The SPEAKER. The petition sent to the
desk by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] will be read.
The Cleric read as follows:
To tlic Senate and Howie of ItepresentatUes of the
United States :
The undersigned, citizens of the United States,
feelmg the urgent necessity for the enactment of a
law to prevent tho further absorption of the public
lands of the IJnjted States by railroads or other cor-
porations, and to have the residue of said public
domain forever set apart for the exclusive use of
actual settlers, in limited quantities, do respectfully
petition your honorable body to take prompt action
in the passage of such a law.
We urge our appeal ou the grounds that tens of
thousands of the industrial classes of large cities
and towns now unemployed must seek an outlet and
escape from the poverty and distress which sur-
round them, or be rapidly driven to pauperism and
crime.
_ We urge our appeal on the ground of simple jus-
tice to our children, and to the emigrants nowseet-
mg our shores, fleeing from tho very monopoly of
lands so alarmingly threatening our Republic by
the enormous absorption of the public domain by
giant corporations and private monopolists.
We urge our appeal as a measure of justice to the
whole American people, as a rich legacy in trust by
our generation for those to come after us, never to
be alienated.
We urge our appeal finally, as one deeply affecting
the morals and well-being of our people, in that
these giant corporations have become the allies of
stock gamblers in turning our public domain (the
heritage of all) into one vast national gambling
arena.
To put a speedy termination to these threatened
evils, and to confer a measure of equity and justice
on the American people,we urgently pray the adop-
tion of a law embodying tho features herein set
forth.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, the attempt
has been made here to show that this is not a
new grant; and I fear that not a few on both
sides of this House will attempt to justify their
votes in favor of this bill upon the pretense
that it is not a new grant. But when the facts
of the case are properly presented, it is as
clear as the noon-day sun that this land is
now owned by the United States, and should
be in the market for homesteads.
In 1869 this grant lapsed for the second
time. Governor Fairchild, recognizing the
fact that this land had reverted to the Govern-
ment, came to Washington and entered into
an illegal and unjustifiable contract with Mr.
Joseph Wilson, the then Commissioner of the
General Land Office, (tho contract was sub-
sequently approved by the then Secretary of
the Interior, Mr. Cox,) whereby it was agreed
that these lands should be held in reserve
until farther legislation by Congress. I main-
tain, sir, that no action of this character would
have been necessary if these lands had not re-
verted. The Governor of that State acted,
no doubt, under the advice of able counsel in
coming here for the purpose of consummating
that contract.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no such agree-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. The next point to which
I wish to call the attention of the House is that
this bill is not only a land grant, but that it
provides for a subsidy in money. The State
of Wisconsin, by reason of this contract, and
by reason of the fact that the lands were
reserved under it, has retained $135,000, as I
am informed, which belongs this very day to
the Government of the United States. There
has been realized, and is now held by the State
of Wisconsin, (and under the operation of this
bill it will go into the hands of this corpora-
tion,) the entire money received from timber
cut aad sold, from stumpage, and from pen-
alties from trespassers. At the proper time,
if I shall have an opportunity, I shall offer an
amendment with the view of securing the re-
turn of this $135,000 to its lawful owner, the
Government of the United States. I ask the
Clerk to read as a part of my remarks the
amendment which I propose to offer, and
which I hope will be accepted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add at the end of section two the following:
That before the provisions of this aot shall have
the effect of law there shall be paid by the authori-
ties of the State of Wisconsin all moneys reoeived
and held by said State, coming from the lands here-
tofore granted for timber cut and sold, or from
stumpage, or from penalties from trespassers.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, it will not
do for any gentleman here who may be dis-
posed to vote for this bill to shield himself
behind such a pretense as that this is not a
new grant. Sir, it is confessedly a new grant;
and 1 am able to state that it is the opinion of
Mr. Drummond, the present Commissioner of
the General Land Office, that this land has
absolutely reverted to the Government, and is
to-day owned by the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Therefore, the gentlemen who vote
for this bill, vote actually for a new grant of
these lands; and it would be vastly more
maniy for them, I think, to say so here when
they say they are going to vote for this bill.
Mr. Speaker, allusion has been made this
morning, by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Stroxg,] to the policy of the Demo-'
cratic party. I defy the production of any
expression on this subject of any number of
Democrats, however small, in any county,
city, or State convention, who have ever uttered
