4404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, one word
more. The Senator from New Jersey speaks
of the "great Government." I would simply
ask him to produce a single precedent, founded
upon judicial authority, oi the Federal Gov-
ernment undertaking to exercise the right of
eminent domain within the limits of a State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The trouble about it is
that the Constitution of the United States has
said in "so many words that Congress shall
have authority to exercise exclusive authority
over all places purchased by the consent of
the Legislature of the Slate in which the
* same shall be for the erection of ipagazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful build-
ings. It must be purchased by the consent
of the State according to the charter under
which the Government of the United States
exists, and the Senator from Delaware is
quite right. The Government of the United
States has never undertaken to enter the
States of this Union and in invitum condemn
property there and exercise authority over it,
and I apprehend it cannot do so. The State
of Ohio, t understand, has given her consent
in this instance. ["No!" "Nol"]
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. What he reads there
relates to exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course it does.
Mr. THURMAN." Here me a moment.
The only way in.which the United States can
obtain exclusive jurisdiction over territory
within a State under that clause which he
mentions i?J>y a purchase with the consent of
the State; hut does that prohibit the United
States from becoming a property-holder?
Cannot the United States purchase on execu-
tion the property of an individual against
whom it has a judgment? Can it not make a
lease of p. post office without the assent of the
State, or of the ground Cor a custom-house ;
and is not a lease a purchase ?
Mr. TRUMBtJLL. Undoubtedly, but it
caunot take the property and exercise jurisdic-
tion over it. It will be subject to the juris-
diction of the State.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is nol the
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see if that is
not the question. Does the Senator from New
Jersey propose to erect a custom-house and
buildings in tho city of Cincinnati that shall
be subject to State control, to State taxation,
to the jurisdiction of the Stite of Ohio?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. To the juris-
diction of the State, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To State taxation?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. To State tax-
ation, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Could not the State
of Ohio tax property in that State bought on
execution by the United States?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to know
by what right the United States goes into the
State of Ohio, obtains property, aud releases
it from taxation. I undertake to say that such
a thing has not been done. I think this is an
important bill. I am not prepared at this
time, I do not wish to commit myself to say-
ing that the Government of the United States
may not condemn property for these purposes,
even without the consent of the State ; but the
property when thus condemned will be subject,
1 think clearly, to State jurisdiction; and cer-
tainly the better course is to have the consent
of the State, so that the jurisdiction of the
United States may obtain over the property
which we purchase for public buildings and
like purposes, and that has been the course
hitherto pursued ; and my understanding was
that the State of Ohio had given her consent
in this instance. Am I mistaken, I would
inquire of the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. SHERMAN. The State of Ohio has
given consent undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That perhaps relieves
us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Her consent how?
Mr. SHERMAN. By a resolution of the
General Assembly. I understand those docu-
ments are on file in the Department,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is very ques-
tionable whether we ought,.if we have the
authority, as the Senator from New Jersey
thinks we have, ever to undertake to con-
demn property in any State for public build-
ing purposes without having the consent of
the State, because when we get the property
it does seem to me, with all due deference to
the opinion of the Senator from New Jersey,
that that property will be held subject to State
control and State taxation just the same as if
it were owned by an individual.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I simply 
Mr. THURMAN. I hope we shall come
to a vote. We have but three minutes more
of the morning hour.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply want
to say in a word that the provision of the
Constitution to which the Senator from Illi-
nois has referred has nothing to do with this
question in my opinion. If we want to get
jurisdiction over any property excepting the
ten miles square which is given to us by the
Constitution, we have got to purchase it. I
agree with the Senator from Illinois that we
have got to purchase the property in order to
get jurisdiction; but this is not a question
of jurisdiction ; it is a question of property.
Now, I never will consent to the doctrine that
this Government cannot go into a State and
condemn property for the purposes which the
Constitution has authorized it to exercise.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I hope we shall have
a vote.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I do not
think that this thing has ever been done before.
There is not a single bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds pro-
viding for the construction of a post office or
custom-house or court-house in any place that
does not contain a clause the jurisdiction shall
be ceded by the State before any purchase be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been done in
this case.
Mr. STOCKTON. That goes to the ques-
tion of jurisdiction. This is a question of title.
The Government of the United States has as
much right to go into the State of New York
or the State of Ohio and buy land as anybody
else; bat when it comes to condemning land
in a State, it has no jurisdiction aud no right,
and has never exercised it to my knowledge.
There is not a light-house on the whole of our
coast the jurisdiction over which has not been
ceded by the State before the Government
ever put up a building there.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 2247,
relative to the Anacostia and Potomac river
railroad, pending which the bill for the re-
moval of political disabilities of certain per-
sons was taken up by general consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope we may have a
vote on the bill which my colleague reported.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not object to a vote
being taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a telegram here on
the subject.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie over.
vienna exposition.
Mr. CAMERON. I have just received a
letter from the State Department which makes
me desirous to bring up a little bill that will
only take a minute to pass. If the Clerk will
be good enough to read it I think every Sen-
ator will be in favor of it.
Several Senators. Let us have the regu-
lar order.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the reading of the
letter from the State Department.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department of State,
Washington, D. 0., June 6,1872.
Sir: Permit me to invite your attention to House
bill No. 2800 (Printer's No. 2228) of the present ses-
sion, which has been passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, authorizing the President to appoint one
or more commissioners to represent the United
States at the Vienna exposition. I trust that it
may be adopted by the Senate, as it is considered
very important that the authority for making these
appointments may be conferred at this session ;
otherwise it would be too late to be useful, in view
of the early period at which the exposition takes
place.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. Simon Cameron, Chairman of the CutumiUee on
Foreign Relations.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2800) to authorize the President of the United
States to appoint one or more commissioners
to represent the Government of the United
States at the international exposition of agri-
culture, industry and fine arts, to be held at
Vienna in 1873, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. .
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed. house bills kefekkbd.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
the unfinished business is proceeded with, the
Chair will, with the permission of the Senate,
lay before it some bills which have come from
the House of Representatives.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads:
A bill (II. R. No. 2978) for the relief of
Francis B. Stewart, postmaster at Altoona,
Blair county, Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 2345) for the relief of
Daniel 0. Cleveland, postmaster at Broad-
albin, in the State of New York ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1803) for the relief of
H. H. Meridith, late postmaster at Wade,
Bedford county, Virginia.
The bill (H. R. No. 2979) for the relief of
Robert K. Enbody was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The bill (II. R. No. 1842) to grant the right
of way through the public lands to the Eastern
Nevada Railroad Company was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2980) to remove the dis-
abilities of J. L. M. Curry, of Virginia, and
others therein named, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The bill (H. R. No. 2981) restoring the right
of homestead entry to certain soldiers and
sailors of the late war of the rebellion was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
bbice X. blair.
Thebill(H. Ii. No. 1562) for the relief of Cap-
tain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Huntingdon,
Pennsylvania, was read twice by its title.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill be notf
considered. I have knowledge of the facts.
It is to grant relief in the case of a post office
robbery which occurred in the town in which
I live. , It is a deserving case, and I ask that
the bill be put on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDM UNDS. What committee reported
that bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania asks that it be taken
up by unanimous consent. It has come to-
day from the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go to the commit-
tee. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee oa Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
