3508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
necticut confounds saltpeter with powder.
We are producing powder, but wo cannot pro-
duce saltpeter. X had the honor to induce
the Committee of Ways and Means of the last
Congress to put nitrate of soda, the produc-
tion of one of the South American States, on
the free list, together-with muriate of potassa,
a production of Germany. By combining these
an inferior powder may be produced which is
useful in mines and quarries, but not in rifles or
other fire-arms for any considerable consecu-
tive firing, because it soon fouls the barrel.
Now, whatl desire is to see this other article
of foreign production, saltpeter, which is lound
for the present only in India—-though it is said
that an enormous bed has been discovered on
the western slope of the Cordilleras; this, how-
ever, wants confirmation—1 want to see this
put on the free list if it can be, and if not, at a
reduced rate of duty, in order that we may have
competition, between the two kinds of powder
and competition in importing from India,
South Ameiica, and Germany, elements all of
which will stimulate our home manufacture,
give employment to our people in the pioduc-
tion of powder, and give cheap powder to min-
ers, qtiarrymen, and all others, it is directly in
harmony with the argument I had the honor
to present in the course of the general debate,
and I am glad to see that my honorable col-
league on the committee from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] and the gentleman from New fork
[Mr. Cox] have discavered tlie absurdity of
that theory which would impose duties on
those elements of manulactures which cannot
be produced in this country and the importa-
tion of which in bulk, crude, would stimulate
our commerce. Rejoicing in their conversion,
I am with them in this proposition because it
is m harmony with all my convictions.
Mr. DAWES. I hope hereafter there will
be no complaint on the part of any members
of the Committee of Ways and Means of their
chairman for not sustaining their bill, for upon
a hearing of theila/.ard Powder Company, the
gieatest monopoly of the kind in this country,
on the one hand, and the manufacturer of
saltpeter on the other side, to the satisfaction
of all the members of the committee, the com-
mittee unanimously placed this matter in this
bill without objection from any quarter what-
ever. But the gentleman from Pennsylvania
who has just addressed the committee, not
entirely sal isfied with the views of the commit-
tee as expressed in their report, as members
often have to accept a report in the whole of
which they do not concur, introduced into the
House a bill of his own that more clearly ex-
pressed his views, without any qualification,
and in that bill he puts this matter exactly as
in the present bill.
Mr. KELLEY. One word. I do it in
deference to what would otherwise be the
unanimous opinion of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Now, let me tell you what,
the reason was which induced the committee
to agree to put this in the bill. What was the
reason? The reason was that an effort was being
made—a spasmodic one, I know—to try to make
ourselves independent of Great Britain. The
saltpeter that, supplies the Hazard company
and the Dupont company,who control the mar-
ket of this nation, and who in time of warrolled
up wealth by millions, and had the fate of the
nation in their hands, because we could get
powder from no other source—they came and
asked us to admitsaltpeter from Great Britain,
and nowhere else, fiee of duty, in order to put
out of existence the effort that is being made
to make saltpeter in this country, and make
this country independent of these men.
[ wish my distinguished colleague from the
Waltham district [Mr. Banks] were here now.
I like to hear him talk about " rings." Here
is a ring of the richest men I know of in this
country that came before the Committee of
Ways and Means, struggling with an infant
effort to produce saltpeter in this country by
asking that we now surrender to Great Britain
as we did in the time of the Trent affair.
They had us at their mercy. By an order in
council they ordered that no saltpeter should
be exported to this country. They can do it
again in case of war. We cannot go to war
without their leave, and we may be at this mo-
ment on the eve of one with the only country
in the world, outside of this, that produces
saltpeter.
But here is an effort in this country to man-
ufacture saltpeter; and yet my distinguished
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who says
he wants everything imported free, gets up
here and cooperates with my friend from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Strong,] who represents these
powder companies, and says, "Make it all
free."
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAWKS. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. Does this proposition put
a duty upon liiirate of soda, or what is com-
monly called Chile saltpeter?
Mr. DAWES. It does not change the law
at all.
Mr. STRONG. I will first answer the point
made by the. chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes,] that in time
of war we cannot get saltpeter unless we en-
courage the home manufacture of it. I say to
him in reply that the artii-le called "converted
saltpeter" is made from ingredients which
come from abroad, and we cannot obtain them
except where wo can also obtain the natural
saltpeter itself.
The ingredients from which artificial salt-
peter is made are muriate of potash, which
comes from Gel many through the English chan-
nel, and nitrate of soda, which is imported from
Valparaiso. Natural salpeter is found in con-
siderable quantities nowhere but in the East
Indies, and lor it Calcutta is the market of the
world. We can only bring muriate of potash
here through the English channel, and if we
cannot get saltpeter from Calcutta iu lime of
war how can we import muriate of potash?
The argument of the gentleman, therefore, that
iu time of war we are cut off from saltpeter
and must depend upon our own product, fails
to the ground. We can get one article if we
can get the other. Wegetboth by the consent
of England.
The principle of protection cannot be fairly
applied in this case. If it could I would not
say a woid against the proposed duty; for I
believe in reasonable protection for the en-
couragement of American industry. Why,
sir, there are but two little establishments
making the material called converted saltpeter;
and what is converted saltpeter? It is not
saltpeter at all. It is no more like the genu-
ine saltpeter of nature than the converted
Fejee is like the genuine Christian New Eng-
lander. [Laughter ] It is an infeiior and
bastard article, and powder manufactured
from it cannot be used in gunnery at all. It
can only be used iu blasting, mining, &e.
Nor can artificial saltpeter be used in curing
meats, oi for medicinal purposes. Thesecom-
prise the legitimate uses of saltpeter, and the
only article which can properly be called salt-
peter is that which cumes in its natural state
from Calcutta.
Now, I say to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes] that
the doctrine of protection cannot be applied
to saltpeter at all. Why? Because we cannot
produce the tiling itself, nor any substitute
which can take the place of it. You might
just as well say that we should put a high duty
on coffee for the protection of pea culture,
because ground roasted peas are sometimes
used as a substitute lor coffee. That would
be running protection into the ground. If I
am correctly informed there are but two little
establishments in this country where artificial
saltpeter is m^de, and they do not produce
enough to keep a single powder manufacturing
coucern running for two months iu the year.
It is quite evident that high duties can never
develop this industry. We do not want the
proposed duty (or protection, nor do we want
it for revenue. The present diity produces
annually only $175,000, and the Government
has to p y out a considerable part, of (his sum
to powder manufacturers in the enhanced price
of gunpowder occasioned by this lax.
Now, sir, I say give us free saltpeter. It is
not in the interest of protection, nor is it in
the interest of revenue that a duty is imposed
upon this article.
[llere the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG 1 move to strike out the
last word,and I will detain the committee but
a moment. I find that my colleagues [Mr.
Strong and Mr. Starkweather] are for free
trade when tlieyhave a corpora, ion ol So,000,-
000 of capital or more iu their districts that
desires a duty taken off ior its especial benefit.
The Hazard Powder Company, which, with
two or three other firms, could form aiing
time and time again before the war to buy up
every bag of saltpeter in the market or on
the way from Calcutta, and put up the price
of saltpeter, is the party that seeks to destroy
a young manufacturing industry. Tuat is the
history of ilie matter, and they know it.
Now, my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ivei.i.e y]—and I wonder he should make this
mistake after the study he lias given to the
subject of the tariff—says that saltpeter is not
a product of this country, and is not manufac-
tured here at all. Sir, it is just as much a
manufacture here now as pig iron is; it is not
manufactured in this country quite as much,
but pig iron hides it. from ins view. [Ligh-
ter.] Now. the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] has told us how they began the
manufacture of saltpeter in Ins district, i wish
1 knew in which di,strict lie lives just now; for
I have beard a story about the making of
powder in one of those Massachusetts districts
in which lie lives at the commencement of the
revolutionary war. Nobody in this country
knew how to make gunpowder, for Gicat
Britain had not allowed us to learn. One man
in Massachusetts, afer experimenting, suc-
ceeded ill making a couple of barrels of what
he called gunpowder, which caught fire one
day; but he ran twenty rods and got a bucket
or two of water and succeeded in saving one
half of it. That is the kind of gunpowder they
made in those days. [Laughter.]
I ain willing to give protection to the manu-
facture of powder in my colleague's district
Their interest is in that direction, and they
know it.
Mr. STRONG. We do not want protection
for that interest.
Mr. KELLOGG. You have lmd a protec-
tion always of eight cents a pound more than
fifty years ago, and now you have about sixty
per cent., and yet you strike at thissmad duty
and strike down the domestic manufactures of
saltpeter, which this Government fioin neces-
sity called into being duiingthe war 1 You
put it in the power of three or lour large cor-
porations to control the maiket. and put up
the price as they please in the same manner
they have^one heretofoie ; you put it into ihe
power of England, which controls the Cal-
cutta maiket, to cut, off our supply of saltpeter
in time of war, and God only knows how soon
it may come. 1 trust this committee will do
no such shortsighted and unjust, tiling.
I ask theCleikto read a document prepared
by a gentleman of high in'elligence hi my dis-
trict, who does manufacture saltpeter, aud
who knows all about it.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the honorable Committer of Wayi and Means of the
Home of tiex  esentotivei:
The New H-iven Chemic.il C.unpany. of New Ha-
ven, Connecticut, manutaetui-ers of saltpeter, hav-
ing learned that petitions have been presented to
your honorable coniinittee, -ickiu^ the iepe.it oi thp
pteseut duties on saltpeter, and believing that, such
duties are benelieiai instead of injurious to tho
country generally, and to the purchasers of salt-
peter themselves, and feeling that they are vitally
