2612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
which we all understand, as it is in modern
days construed to be a grant of power to Con-
gress to regulate the whole postal service of
the country. Now, may not the building of a
road over which to transport the mails be just
as legitimately defended under that provision,
as building a road to transport militia and
amunition under the war power?
Mr. THURMAN. I think not; but I am
not going into an argument, as I said before,
on this subject. It is too large a subject en-
tirely, and it ought not to be treated of in the
few minutes that remain of this day's session.
I admit the force of the argument under the
war power. There is great force in it. My
only answer to it is this: that you are never to
strain a power beyond any fair and reasonable
necessity of its exercise in order to do some-
thing that really when you appeal to the power
you appeal to a mere fiction, if you do not
intend it as such.
But it is not necessary to go into this consti-
tutional argument. Here the proposition is to
confer by congressional action upon a corpor-
ation created by the State of Arkansas, and
which is not shown at all to have any power
to go beyond the State of Arkansas, a right to
make a road in the State of Texas, and, to use
the language of this bill, to give it land to
•which we have no title whatsoever, the very
amendment itself saying that it shall have no
land that belongs to the United States.
One word more. It is perfectly competent
for a State to charter a railroad company with
authority to make a road through another
State. Why is that ? The State of New York
may incorporate a railroad company with the
faculty of makinga road from the city of New
York to the city of San Francisco. That is
all right enough. But what can it do ? Why
is it that power is given to it to make a road
beyond the limits of the State of New York?
Simply that its making such a road, if it can
get the authority from the other States to do
it, shall not he a violation of its charter, so that
it, shall not forfeit its charter by using it for
that, purpose. The State of New York, when
it charters a railroad company to construct a
road Iron) the city of New York to San Fran-
cisco, does not assume that it has power to
authorize that company to make a road in any
other State than New York; but it simply gives
the corporation the faculty to do it with the
assent of the other States. So now I agree if
the Congress of the United States has power
to charter a railroad company at all, it may
give that company the faculty of uniting with
any corporation authorized by a State, if the
State charter authorizes the union, and if the
State chatter confers upon the State corpora-
tion suflicu'iit power for that purpose. There
is no difficulty whatever about that. But the
trouble here is that so far as appears to us this
Arkansas corporation has no power to go be-
yond the limits of the State of Arkansas, and
if it had, we have no power whatsoever to say
thar it shall have the right of way and a right
to maintain and operate a road throughout the
State of Texas without the consent of the State
of Texas. It the Arkansas corporation has
the light to make this road through the State
of 1 exas, then no act of ours is necessary for
that purpose. If it has not that right, then we
cannot confcr that right upon it; and that, not
upon the theory that Congress can charter a
company, but upon the idea, upon the essen-
tial fact, that the creator of that corporation,
the State of Arkansas, has given it no faculty
to do that, and we cannot, therefore, give that
faculty to it.
I supposed when I came in that the question
befote the Senate was whether this provision
in this section should be stricken out, not
merely a change in the name, because the Sen-
ator from New Jersey had intimated that that
was his purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. Before the Senator
passes from that point, let me suggest one re-
mark to him simply. He says we cannot con-
fer this power on this corporation because the
State of Arkansas has not conferred it. John
Smith residing in Arkansas has no such power,
the State has not conferred it upon him, bat
can we not confer it upon hiin ? It might re-
sult in the hardship which he speaks of; the
corporation might not consent to exercise the
franchise we authorize it to do ; or it might so
happen the corporate existence would be de-
stroyed. What is the result? Simply the
legal entity or person you dealt with has died.
That might happen with an individual that you
incorporated. That does not touch the ques-
tion of your power to confer the authority; you
cannot make a man live to exercise it; you
cannot compel the corporation to exercise it.
The question relates to your power to confer
the right, not your power to compel them to
exercise it.
Mr. THURMAN. I am amazed that my
friend, who is so excellent a lawyer, should
liken a corporation to John Smith, a natural
person. John Smith, a natural person, has
every right in the world that is not prohib-
ited by law. There is no right that a human
being can have that John Smith, a natural
person, does not possess, except such rights
as are prohibited by law ; and when I speak
of law, I speak of it in its broadest sense,
constitutional, statute, and common law. A
corporation has no powers at all except such
as are conferred upon it. It has no natural
rights whatsoever, and it cannot, therefore, if
it is chartered to make a road from A to B,
make a road beyond its terminus, and it has no
power to accept authority to make it unless
that power is contained in its charter. That
is the trouble in this case.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish merely
to say to the Senator from Ohio that as this
amendment had not been adopted and was not
incorporated in the bill, the motion to strike
out would not have been in order. I expressed
my views in reference to it while the Senator
was out of the Chamber, on the motion to
adopt this amendment, whereupon a motion
was made to substitute some other company,
the Cairo and Fulton, in place of the Grand
Tower and San Diego company. That is the
position of this question, and, Mr. President,
L carefully avoided entering upon the consti-
tutional question, because that question can-
not be discussed in an hour or in half a day.
The ground on which I opposed the adop-
tion of this amendment was that it was emi-
nently inexpedient, if Congress had the con-
stitutional power, for Congress to exercise it,
that it would be injurious to the railroad in-
terests of the country ; that it would be a
most undesirable interference with the States ;
that it would be injurious to the legislation of
ths_ country, occupying our time here with
business when we might be much better em-
ployed ; and that it would introduce here to
the halls of legislation the nuisance of a lobby
from the beginning of a session to the end
of it.
This Legislature has but on one occasion,
and that is in reference to this very bill, ex-
ercised this power, and I hope that it may
remain an exceptional case. But that case,
the chartering of this Texas and Pacific road,
had some show of propriety ; it was a through
road; it did promote commerce between the
States; but here is a mere local road m
Arkansas, extending somewhat into Texas,
that we are called upon virtually to charter.
Why, Mr. President, the fact that we confer
additional powers on an existing corporation
is creating a new corporation. A corporation
is made up of its qualities. Take away its
qualities, and it ceases to exist. Give it differ-
ent, qualities, and it becomes a different person.
So we are here, in attempting to confer these
new qualities and powers upon the existing
corporation, creating a corporation in Arkan-
sas for our own purposes, and what are those
purposes ? Why, the Congress of the United
States authorize this corporation which they
thus create to exercise the power of eminent
domain, to take private property through the
State of Arkansas and the State of Texas.
Even if it be constitutional, which I do not
believe, let Congress enter upon that class of
legislation and we shall have little opportun-
ity to attend to the national legislation of the
country.
And more than that, we are undertaking legis-
lation which the States can perform infinitely
better than we can. We have an illustration
of it here to-day. An application is made by
the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] to have
new powers given to the Grand Tower and San
Diego Railroad Company, and his colleague
[Mr. Clayton] immediately antagonizps the
Cairo and Fulton, and says that is the road that
ought to have this power. What do we know
about it? What do we know about the subject?
If we lived in Arkansas,if we knew the merits of
these roads, if we knew what was required by
the public interests, we might legislate intelli-
gently ; but it seems to me that in any light
that we may view this subject it is most inex-
pedient for us to enter upon this class of legis-
lation.
As to the constitutional question, I only
understand my friend from W isconsin as en-
tering his protest, not arguing the question.
I think he has stated the law much stionger
than the authorities would sustain him in. I
do not understand that the Supreme Court of
the United States have recognized it as a true
position that under the right to regulate com-
merce the Congress of the United States can
alter the visible conformation of a State. I
know they have decided the oilier way.
Mr. CARPENTER. We cannot dredge out
a harbor, then.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir, we
can dredge out a harbor. But I do not want
to be led into a discussion. We can dredge
out a harbor; and it is expressly declared that
we may dredge out a harbor by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. It changes the sur-
face.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is expressly
declared that we may remove bridges or other
obstructions to navigation. That is under the
general supervision of navigation. But they
have also expressly decided that Congress has
not the right to alter the visible conformation
of a State.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him one moment to suggest an
idea on that subject in answer to the question
of the Senator from Wisconsin?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. . Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. When Congress author-
izes the dredging out of a harbor, it simply
authorizes the improvement of its own prop-
erty._ The navigable waters of the States be-
longing to the United States, it has power
over them : and when it authorizes the dredg-
ing out of a harbor or the improvement of a
navigable river, it simply improves its own
property.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to make this
suggestion : this bill is still in Committee of
the Whole ; and if we can vote on thisamend-
ment it may not be necessary to go through
this discussion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no dis-
position to occupy time, but I am willing that
the vote shall be taken.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, and offer the follow-
ing substitute for the entire section, which I
hope will relieve the bill of. the antagonism
between these two railroad companies, and at
the same time remove all other objections :
any railroad company duly authorized by
the btate& of Arkansas and Texas shaii have the
right to connect with the Texas and Pacific railroad
in lexas, upon just and fair terms, and it'the com-
panies tait to agree upon the terms, the same shall
be fixed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not pro-
pose, of course, at this late hour in the day to
