1872.
THE 0ONGRESSIOKAL GLOBE.
4405
LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
The bill (H. R. No. 2977) for the restora-
tion to market of certain lands in Michigan
was read twice by its title.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask that that
bill be now considered. It has already been
considered by the Committee of the Senate on
Indian Affairs and a Senate bill reported
which lies upon the Calendar. I ask that this
bill be passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read, subject to objection.
The bill was read.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will state to
the Senate that the Secretary of the Interior,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs have
united in recommending this bill, and it ori-
ginated with them. It is important that the
lands should be restored to market. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, as I said, have re-
ported a Senate bill like this, and I ask that
this be passed now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not altogether in
favor of passing on the run here bills that have
just come over from the House of Represent-
atives, and particularly as there may be plenty
of time to have them calmly considered and
passed toward the end of next week.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have alraady
stated that the Committee on Indian Affairs of
the Senate have had this subjectunder consid-
eration, and have reported a similar bill which
is on the Calendar. It is the same bill as that
with the exception of section four, which pro-
vides for the issuance of the patents. The
chairman of the committee has learned that
these patents have already been issued, and he
told me this morning that he was satisfied that
this bill should pass. It is precisely like the
other bill with the exception of striking out
section four; and he is satisfied to have that
left out. If the Senate will hear section four
of the Senate bill read, they will see that it is
only to provide for the issuance of patents to
the selections already made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The very fact that we have
not got at the foundation of this bill; the very
fact that just at the last moment the fourth sec-
tion, which is an important section, is struck
out, and all the rest of the sections are left to
operate with it out, is a very good reason for
hesitation, it seems to me. Now, just see what
is this fourth section which is suddenly dropped
out of this new law:
" That all selections by Indians heretofore made,
and regularly reported and recognized as valid and
proper by the Secretary of the Interior and Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, shall be patented to the
respective Indians making the same; and all sales
heretofore made and reported where the same are
regular and not in conflict with such selections, or
with any other valid adverse right, except of the
United States, are hereby confirmed, and patents
shall issue thereon as in other eases according to
law."
Now it is proposed to restore these lands to
market, and by striking out the fourth section
to oust the selections that have been made by
these Indians under the previous authority of
law, and which the bill, as it seems to me,
not speaking with much information, because
we have not any information yet except that
here is a bill which somebody wants to have
passed, and these Indians are to be ousted
from selections which they have made pursu-
ant to law, and then the lands to be turned
into market to be taken by some railroad
company or soiaebody else for their uses. I
submit to my friend from Michigan, for whom
of course I have the highest respect, that it is
not quite the thing to make a sudden change
of this kind in the bill and ask us to pass' it
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I would not
have asked for the consideration of this_ bill
had it not already been before the Committee
on Indian Affairs and thoroughly considered.
This section does not apply to railroads. The
bill itself provides that the remaining land
shall be put up at auction, so that railroads
cannot take it. It must be advertised for
thirty days, and the treaty under which these
lands were reserved expired in 1865, and the
lands are withheld from market. It is the
desire of all three bureaus of the Interior
Department, to which I have referred, that the
land should be restored to market, anditseems
to me that the Senator from Vermont certainly
cannot have any just objection to a measure
of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps, Mr. President,
I should not if I had all the facts.
Mr. SCOTT. Has the bill been taken up
for consideration ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; it is subject to
objection. My friend from Michigan is mis-
taken in.saying that these lands are to be put
up at auction, and^ therefore that the railroads
cannot get them. ' I call his attention to the
fifth and last section of the bill, which declares
" that immediately after the expiration of six
months" 
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
order. It is not in order to discuss the bill
until it is decided whether there is consent to
take it up or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has
"been taken up, but subject to a demand for
the regular order.
Mr. FERRY of Michigan. I think I have
not intruded a great deal on the Senate. This
is a matter of local interest, and I will satisfy
the Senator from Vermont in regard to it by
saying a word. The grant of land to Michigan
for a railroad was one year subsequent to this
reservation, and the act itself states that it
shall not apply to any Indian reserved lands.
That therefore is guarded against. I can as-
sure the Senator that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands had the bill first referred
to him, and I think he will state that there can
be no objection to it; but because it related
to an Indian reservation he had it referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
will state about that.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a proviso which
is now in this bill which strikes me is not. in
the original bill to which the Senator has
referred:
Provided, That nothing herein shall affect the
rights of the State of Michigan to any land here-
tofore granted to the State.
I do not think that was in the bill which we
considered in the Public Lands Committee. I
do not know but that this is a renewal of a
land grant.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will answer the
Senator. The railroad company wants to make
the claim that their railroads running through
these Indian lands, the grant will apply to them,
but the statute itself declares that it shall not
apply. In order to meet that the Secretary
of the Interior was perfectly willing, and I
submitted it to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, and asked him if he had any
objection to have that proviso put on, and he
said no. , . , r
Mr. POMEROY. When I heard it read, I
knew it was not in the original bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I took it up there
and asked if he had any objection, and he
said no. The railroad company has no right,
because the grant for a railroad was one year
subsequent to the reservation, and it is recited
in the act making the grant itself—I have
looked at it, and I am stating my own knowl-
edge of the fact—that it shall not.apply to any
reserved Indian lands, so that it cannot apply
to these lands. I have submitted the proviso to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and he is perfectly willing to have it go in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President*, it is not a
part of my business, it may he that of my
friend from Michigan, to pass laws for the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, or upon
his say so and wh^t may be entirely satisfac-
tory to him may be entirely unsatisfactory to
the people whom I represent, and to the peo-
ple whom my friend represents. There are
now more than one railroad company in the
State of Michigan who, under land grants to
that State, have been entitled and are still
entitled, by revivals that have occurred since
I have been here, to the selections of land
in alternate sections and otherwise, for the
carrying on of public improvements. I am
making no contest about that, but I am only
stating the fact.
Now, that being the state of the case, there
being many land grants to the State of Mich-
igan for the benefit of railroads and other
internal improvements, some of which have
lapsed probably, some of which hav£ not,
some of which h£ve been revived, this bill
comes here from the House of Representa-
tives with this little clause that is satisfactory
to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, declaring that nothing herein shall af-
fect the rights of the State of Michigan to any
lands heretofore granted to that State, so that
if by any land grant to that State (and there
are many others than the one to which my
friend has referred, some very curious ones in
respect to the gridiron character of roads run-
ning here and there, which I had occasion to
examine a few years ago,) these lands would
be covered, they being restored to market in
the technical sense of the term, that is, made
subject to the public-land laws of the United
States, they become by force of this act, no
matter whether the previous treaty had re-
served them or not, subject to the rights which
may accrue to the railroad companies under
the State of Michigan to any lands which are
open to public entry.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If the Senator
from Vermont will yield, I will ask leave to
strike out that section.
Mr. STEWART. If there is to beany more
speaking I shall call for the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. EDM.UNDS. My friend on the Pacific
Railroad Committee is so uneasy on this
subject that I find it quite difficult to make
myself heard even by myself. If he objects
to the consideration of this bill, of course I
will yield to him the floor to make that objec-
tion ; but if he does not object to the consid-
eration of this bill, then I shall be rather
largely obliged to him if he will allow me to
go on.
Mr. STEWART. I do object. I call for
the regular order.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to
ask unanimous consent on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. It
will be remembered that both Houses have
directed the members of that committee on
the part of the respective Houses to approve
the plan of the architect of the Capitol for
the improvement of the grounds about the
Capitol. It has been an impossibility for the
committees to meet and go over the grounds
and examine them at all. There is another
subject which was also committed to both
committees in relation to the statue of Admi-
ral Farragnt. I will state also that it has
become necessary to rearrange the rooms for
the committees of the Senate, and provide,
if possible, some better accommodations for
the reporters. I therefore ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds may have leave to sit during the
recess for a week aftor Congress adjourns.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the Chair will put the ques-
tion of the request of the Senator from Ver-
mont. The Senator from Vermont moves
that the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds have leave to sit during the recess.
The motion was agreed to.
