2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
being a part of the aforesaid railroad line;" so
that the clause will read, if that amendment
be adopted :
And for the further purpose of purchase, con-
solidation, completion, equipment, and operating
of the other roads, as contemplated by said act, and
specified therein, being a part of the aforesaid rail-
road line.
Which confines the application of the pro-
ceeds of these bonds to the completion, &c., of
the roads named in the bill. This is satisfac-
tory, I believe, to the Senator from Texas, and
I agree to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 4, section five, line
twelve, after the word "miles," I move to
insert the words " not less than one hundred
so that the clause will read:
And so continue to construct each year thereafter
a sufficient number of miles, not less than one hun-
dred, to secure the completion of tho wholo line,
from the aforesaid point on the eastern boundary
of the State of Texas to the bay of San Diego, in the
State of California, as aforesaid, within ten years
after the passage of this act.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section to the bill:
That nothing in this act or the act to which it is a
supplement shall be so construed as to exempt the
said company from taxation by any Stato or States
hereafter admitted into the Union through which
their said railroad may pass, and said company shall
bo subjcct to all laws which may be enacted by such
State or States applicable to other railroads within
their limits.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it ought
to be adopted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. This ainendmentsim-
ply proposes to reserve to any State that may
hereafter be admitted into the Union out of
the Territories through which this road will
pass, the right to subject this railroad, which
is to exist under an act of Congress, to the
same measure of taxation and the same gen-
eral laws as ate applicable lo railroad compa-
nies created in the State. I do not think that
we ought, by our legislation here in granting
the public domain of this country, to deprive
any State which may hereafter be created out
of that public domaiu of the right to subject
the corporations created by act of Congress to
tho same burdens and the same general laws
that would attach to railroad companies cre-
ated by the States themselves. Otherwise,
after a number of years you may have other
States coming into this Union having in their
midst railroad companies exercising superior
rights to any railroads created by the States
themselves. I do not think that ought to be
done, _ I have offered this amendment not in
opposition to this road, but simply to secure
to the States that may hereafter be created out
of the public domain tho same rights over this
corporation as if the corporation had been
created by themselves. That is the object of
the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
adopted. I trust it will not be discussed at
length, and I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. TIIURM AN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment. I desire to say one
thing in respect to it, and then I hope the
Senator who has the bill in charge will not,
undertake to object to its adoption. My own
view is that the power of taxation by the State
of this railroad company could not even be
taken away by an express declaration ot Con-
gress that it should be, and yet, if we have
the right to incorporate a railroad company at
all such as this is, that is not entirely clear.
If we have a right to incorporate it, it is not
absolutely clear that the State would have a
right to tax it whether we say it should or
should not.
Mr. STEWART. Taxation is not the only
question involved in the amendment.
Mr. j'HURAfAN. Still, however, it goes
upon this ground: it has, been decided again
and again by the Supremo Court that a State
cannot tax the bonds of the United States;
that it cannot tax the stock of a bank of the
United States. The theory is that if that were
allowed, the State might destroy an instru-
mentality necessary for the Federal Govern-
ment. If a railroad is an instrumentality
necessary for the Federal Government as a
bond is to borrow money on, or a bank of the
United States or the like, it might be argued
that the State would not have the right to tax
that if the charter was silent on the subject.
Still I think there is no question whatever
about it. It has been perfectly settled in the
case of the present national banks that if Con-
gress authorizes the State to tax, then the
State may tax ; and just to the extent that
Congress has authorized the taxation of the
national banks, to that extent the Supreme
Court has held that State taxation is allowable.
Now, I say we ought to authorize this tax-
ation, unless indeed you are prepared to say
that this corporation may hold millions and
millions, and perhaps hundreds of millions of
pioperty in a State and be entirely free from
State taxation. Why should that be so ? Every
railroad chartered by a State is subject to tax-
ation ; and why should not this railroad be
subject to taxation? I think the amendment
is offered, and very well offered, to remove
any question about this subject by giving the
express assent of Congress to the State taxa-
tion of the railroad. Without that express
assent it might be extremely doubtful whether
the State could tax the railroad. I say, there-
fore, the amendment is well advised, and I
think it ought to be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. There is no doubt about
the power of the State to tax. That has been
decided in the Supreme Court in the case of
one of the branches of the Union Pacific ; a
case that went up from the State of Kansas.
Mr. THURMAN. And the Supreme Court
of the United States decided it?
Mr. STEWART, Yes; the question of the
right to tax, even where the road was chartered
by the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. But what did the charter
say ?
Mr. STEWART. The charter was silent,
the same as this will be if this amendment is
not placed upon the bill. Butthere is another
dangerous provision in tho amendment which
authorizes any new State to pass any law in
regard to this road which they may pass in
regard to other roads.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I doubt very much
myself whether, if Congress charters a rail-
road company to run through the public do-
main of this country, any State created out of
that territory hereafter would have the right,
unless it be expressly reserved in the charter,
to impose any measure of taxation upon the
road whatever.
I have not offered this amendment in hos-
tility or opposition to this railroad; bat I
think it wise to secure to the States that may
hereafter be created out of this territory the
I right to impose such taxation upon this com-
j pany as they would impose upon companies
| incorporated by State authority, and to sub-
. ject them to such laws and to such regulations
! as apply to other railroads created by virtue
] of the State authoi ity within the Stale. That
is the only object of this amendment.
Now, sir, it this railroad company should
come into existence under this charter without
such a provision, and heieafter a State should
be created out of that public territory that-
sought to impose any burden of taxation upon
it, it would be met at once by the railroad
company that they he'd a claim superior to
State authority; they would insist that they
had an exemption; and perhaps they might
even claim that it was an exemption by virtue
of eontiact with this Government, that they had
made a bargain with this Government that in
consideration of certain grants given to them
they would for the public good construct this
railroad, and thus claim not only by a right
superior to the State, but by virtue of a con-
tract itself with the Government.
I do not mean at this late hour to discuss
this question, but 1 hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will not ho
adopted. I believe they have the power to
tax now, as far as taxation is concerned, but
I do not believe they need an invitation to
tax. They tax enough without that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the power already
exists, then the declaration of it here will do
no harm.
Mr. STEWART. But if we authorize the
Legislature of a State to pass any law it pleases
in regard to this charter and these bonds it
will hurt the road and delay the building of
the road.
Mr. STOCKTON. It seems to me that my
friend, the Senator from Delaware, does not
himself see the proposition he is advancing.
Certainly it looks to me as undemocratic, as
much opposed to the great principle of the
Democratic party as any principle I have heard
enunciated for some time, if I understand it
alight. The Government of the United States,
in my judgment, have no business to say to
any State what it shall tax within its borders
and what it shall not tax, and T cannot vote
for a provision which interferes with the great
sovereign power of taxation ill any State now
in the Union or any State hereafter to be
created. If it has the power by its enabling
act, by the act that admits it into the Union,
it has it; if it has not it, the Government of
the United States cannot give it. It can
neither take it away nor give it. They must
come in just in the same condition as the pre-
ceding existing States and with the same pow-
ers of sovereignty, or they are not States of
this Union.
I think my friend is mistaken in supposing
that Congress ought to interfere at all with
such a matter as this. Does any one deny
our right to authorize the making of a road
through our territory, without being obliged
to anticipate that at some future time it may
become a State, and then declaring how that
future State, making an enabling act for it
beforehand, making the constitution of a
future State now, shall tax and how it shall
not tax ?
Mr. President, a State has the right to tax
from its sovereignty, from the very fact that
it is a State, from the very definition of a
State. It has a right to tax all the persons
■and all the property to the last dollar within
its limits. No State can be a State without
that power. Of course there is an excep-
tion arising out of the relations between the
General and State governments. The Supreme
Court has decided that a State has not the
righttotax United Statesbonds ; that is, United
States property.
Mr. BLAIR. I believe the Kansas Pacific
railroad resisted the tax imposed by the State
of Kansas upon it, and probably that case has
been decided. I ask the Senator from Kansas
if he does not remember the fact that that
road resisted the tax?
Mr. POMEROY. It was resisted, but the
court held that the State had the right to tax.
I do not know that the Supreme Court here
did so, but it went to the supreme court of
our Slate, and the court held that the Slate
had the light to tax, and the company are
paying the tax. Nebraska was a Territory
when we built the Union Pacific road ilnough
there, but they have taxed the Union Pacific
road, and that road pays the tax.
Mr. BLAIR. I knew the fact to be that
they resisted the tax.
Mr THUKMAlST. I regret that ray friend
from New Jersey had not read this amend-
ment before he made his v.ery forcible remarks,
it hy had, he would have seen that there is
nothing it which undertakas to prescribe to
the Slate what it shall tax or what it shall not
