822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
I would say that at the time the report was
made I did not notice it. I was in my seat,
but the bill was in a bundle with other bills,
and did not attract attention, so that the vote
of the Senate indelinitely postponing it passed,
at least so far as I was concerned, unobserved.
" January 20,1871. Mr. Sitmnkr asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 12o4)-
The same bill as before—
" which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
" February 15,1871. Reported by Mr. Tut mol/i.l
adversely, and placed upon tho Calendar, where it
remained unnoted upon to tho end of the forty-First
Congress."
It will be observed that the Congress ended
on the 4th of March. During tho press of
business in the last fortnight ot the session the
Senate will see that it was impossible for me
to move the bill, and 1 may remind tho Sen-
ate—they will pardon me, however, for doing
it—that during ten days or a foitnighl, of that
period I was, for the first time since I have
been in the Senate, obliged to leave my seat,
from illness.
"March 9.1871. Mr. Scmntr asked and obtained
leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 90)1' 
of the same title—
"which was read twice arid placed upon tho Cal-
endar."
I find, oil referring to the Globe of that date,
the following record:
"Mr. Sumnku. This bill hits already been twice
repoitcd adversely upon by tho (Join mi tire on the
Judiciary. I think, thei.-(ore, H wilt not bo ad\ is-
ablo to refer it ntfiun to thateouiimli l-u. Il, i^tvesy
important bill; nothing more important could bo
submitted to tho ,Semite: and I mbmit that Con-
gress onglit to net upon it bri,ire wo homo. No
resolution of ndjoni nmeni should be adopted until
tho bill I now hold in ni> band, or somethniK <'i(uiva-
lcilt, to it, becomes n fe,v.
"Mr. Hamuv. What h the title of the bill?"
Then in answer I proceeded logive not only
tho title, but to explain the eharactei of the
bill, and vindicate it, at some length, conclud-
ing with these words:
"1 believe that om eu!<n-ed li-!Iow-i-iliz>Mii aio
exposed to outrage which ihe i'oiis;to-s ot t he Uoiled
Stales can lines!,; ,md so toer .is Centres* fails fo
airest this ourirt'-ti' tin- Repuolie.m p irty, with
which 1 am aSMieiatod. with iviio,i> wolfm- and sue-
eess 1 am idenlilied, mu a, noi-o,-arilv suilcr. flow
e;m tho ltepublicaii party torn io llini' colored lel-
low-citi/.eus l'ur their voles ',\ Ifu I hi v lea\ e tliein lo
bo insulted, aJ they are now. ivnciiever i h.ey tr.ivid
upon a railway or enter a iioicl V Sir, 1 ;-h'o notice
that Xshall picss this hill lo a vuto."
This was Match !>, 1871. Sen:.,tors will
remember tiiat during ihu, brief s«s-iion only
certain specific queMums were considered",
and there \v;ix no chance for my bill. At
last, dining this se^iioi, before I ho holidays,
when the present measure of an sly was
under consideration, 1 found fur the liisi lime
a elianee. Twice had 1 introduced the bill,
and on my motion if was ivfened lo ihe Judi-
ciary Committee, who had tnic" reporied
against, it. Kir, \wis 1 lo bo discouraged on
that account? -No eiMii'niti'O enjoys higher
autliorityon this tloor I ban the .ludieiary Com-
mittee; but 1 have been hero long enough lo
know that its reports do not always find lavor.
Have we not during this very session, within
a very few days, seen that committee over-
ruled on theapporlionuient question? Against
its report the House Ini 1 was adopted. And
if I go back to an eat her period. 1 remember !
a discussion lasting for weeks oi' great poiii-
ical importance which ended in oven riding the
unanimous report, I think, of that committee.
The committee repoited against ttie expulsion
of Jesse D. Bright. Senators were not willing
to accept that report, and 
Mr. I'JIU.MBO LL. I never reported that
way.
Sir. SUMNItU. There was a resolution
from the commiuee against his expulsion.
Mr. IRUMBO LL. It was not a unanimous
report.
Mr. SUMNER, Very well; then call it a
resolution from the committee against his ex-
pulsion, Suffice it to say there was such a
resolution, and other Senators who had not
the honor of being on the committee brought
forward a substitute, and after debate, excited
debate, that substitute was adopted by a two-
thirds vote, and Jesse D. Bright was expelled.
Here was an overruling of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, not merely by a majority, but by two
thirds, thus attesting that this committee is
not always infallible.
Therefore, sir, I am not without precedent
when X bring forward an important measure
and ask your votes, even though it have not
the sanction of this important committee. L
wish this measure had their sanction; but I
do not hesitate to say that this measure is more
important to the Judiciary Committee than
that committee is important to the measure.
On this occasion the committee will suffer the
most. A measure like this, which links with
the Constitution of the United States and
with tho Declaration of Independence, if the
Senator from Wisconsin will pardon me 
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I have not finished tho
sentence.
Mr. CARPENTER. I rise lo ask why that
inquiry is made of me. Have I criticised
allusions to the Declaration of Independence?
Mr. SUMNER. I feared the Senator would
not allow allusion to the Declaration except
as a revolutionary document. I say this meas-
ure, linked as it is with Ihe great title-deeds
of our country, merits the support not only
of the Judiciary Committee, but of this Sen-
ate. 'fhe Senate cannot afford to reject it.
Sir, I am weak and humble; 1 ask nothing
for myself; but, I know that, when 1 present
Ibis measure and plead for its adoption, I am
shong, because I have behind me infinite jus-
tice and the wrongs of an oppressed race.
'I'lie mensuie is not hasty. It has been care-
fully considered already in this Chamber, much
considered elsewhere, considered by lawyers,
by politicians, ay, sir, and considered by our
colored fellow-citizens whose rights it under-
takes to vindicate. But at the eleventh hour
the Senator from Wisconsin comes forward
with a substitute which is to a certain extent
an emasculated synonym of the original meas-
ure. seeming to be like it and yet not like it,
feeble where ihe original is strong, incomplete
where the original is complete, petty where
the original is ample, and without machinery
lor its entorcement, while the original is well-
supoliod and most effective.
fliat, you may understand the amendment
introduced by me, I call attention to tho civil
rights act out of which it grows and to which
it is a supplement. That great statute was
passed April 9, 1800, and is entitled "An act
to piotect, all persons in the United States in
tlun- civil rights, and to furnish the means of
(heir vindication.'' It begins by declaring
who ure citizens of the United States, and
then proceeds to say:
"Such eitizons of ovory race and color, without
rctcard to any proviouscondition ot"slavery or invol-
untary servitude. except as a punishment for crime
whereof Hie party shall have been duly convicted,
shell 11:lvo tho same ri?ht in ovory State «<1 Terri-
tory m tho united States-
fo do what?
" to make and enforce contracts, to sue, bo parties,
and give evidence, to inherit, purchase, leaso, sell,
hold, and convey real and personal property, and to
full and e<iu:i.! benefit of all laws and proceedings
for the security of person and property as is enjoyed
by white citizens, and shall be subject to liko pun-
ishment, pilaris, and penalties, and to none other,
any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom,
to the contraiy notwithstanding."
The Semite will perceive that the civil rights
act operates not only in the national but in the
Stale jurisdiction. No one willquestion that.
It operai es in every national court and in every
State court. The language is, "in every State
and Territory in the United States." Every
State court is opened. Persons withoutdistinc-
tion of color are entitled to sue and be sued,
especially to be heard as witnesses, and the
colored man may hold up bis hand as the white
man. Tho Senator from Wisconsin would
say possibly this was an intrusion upon State
rights. I do not hold it so.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have expressed no
such opinion as that. I have stated distinctly
that I regard that bill as constitutional.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. CARPENTER. I trust the Senator
will not try to charge me with anything I have
not said for the purpose of illustrating a mere
difference of opinion between him and me on
a constitutional question, when I am anxious
to support his amendment as it is, if it can be
done without trampling on the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I am glad of
the avowal of the Senator. I am glad he prom-
ises to support the amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, I do not promise that
as it is drawn.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; he does not
promise to support the amendment as it is
drawn. I am unhappy, I dare say, in my way
of presenting the question. I wish I could
present it so that the Senator fiom Wisconsin
would find some ground on which he could give
it his favor. But before I finish I hope, per-
haps vainly, to produce some impression on the
Senator, for I shall ask his attention to points
which seem to me important. The Senator
makes a distinction between what he calls
political rights—that was the term 1 understood
him to employ—and civil rights. The right to
testify he denominates a political right. It is
not so treated in this law ; I never heard it so
regarded. I think I do not do injustice to tha
Senator  
Mr. CARPENTER. I beg pardon, I did
not hear the remark.
Mr. SUMNER. I said that I understood
the Senator from Wisconsin to treat the right
to testily as a political right.
Mr. CARPENTER. No, sir; quite the
reverse ; one of the privileges of citizenship.
The right to serve in the jury-box and on the
bench is a political right.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 knew there was a dis-
tinction in the Senator's mind. Now, I ask
the Senator to consider what is the difference
in character between the right to testify and
the right to sit on a jury ?
-Mr. CARPENTER. Or on the bench.
-Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me
to put the question in the way I prefer. I say
nothing about the bench, and the Senator is
too good a lawyer not to see why. He knows
well the history of trial by jury; he knows
that at the beginning tho jurors were witnesses
from the neighborhood, afterward becoming
judges, not, of the law, but of the fact. They
weie originally witnesses from the vicinage, so
that if yon go back to the very cradle of our
jurisprudence you find jurors nothing but wit-
nesses, and now I insist that they should
come under the same rule as witnesses. If
the courts are opened to colored witnesses, I
insist by the same title they must be opened
to colored jurors. Call the right political or
civil, according to the distinction of the Sen-
ator. No matter. The right to be a jury-
man is identical in character with the right to
be a witness. I know not if it be political or
civil; it is enough for me that it is a right to
beguarded by the nation, I say nothing about
judges, for the distinction is obvious between
the two cases. I speak now of colored jurors,
and I submit as beyond all question that every
reason or argument which opens the courts to
colored witnesses must open them to colored
jurors. The two go together as natural yoke-
fellows.
But do not, sir, forget the necessity of tho
case. How can justice be administered
throughout States thronging with colored fel-
low-citizens unless you have them on the
juries? Denying to colored fellow-citizens
their place on the juries, you actually deny
them justice,^ This is plain, and presents a
case of startling wrong. I am in the receipt
