1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....-2d Sjess.
lions as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue j
livy prescribe, furnish his own vessels, branded !
with his name and he place where bis brewery I
is locaied.to be tilled witii the fermented liquor
so purchased, ami to be so removed ; the proper !
slump or s'aiiijw to be affixed and cancelled as j
aforesaid. by the manufacturer. before removal, j
Sec. 2<i 1 hat where a brewer shall, by ;
reason of any accident by (ire or flood, or by i
reason of Ins brewery undergoing repairs, or i
other circumstances which may, in the opinion j
ol the c diecior ol the proper district, require I
or lender it proper thai such [a] brewer shall
be permitted to couduct his business wholly
or partially at some other place within the
same or adjoining district for a temporary
period, it sball be lawful for such collector,
under such regulations and subject to such
limitation of time as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue may prescribe, to issue a per-
mit to such brewer authorizing him to conduct
his business wholly or partially, according to
tiie ciicumsiances, at such other place for a
period in such permit to be stated, and such
brewer shall nut be required to pay another
sptcial lax for the purpose.
Skc. 27. That where malt liquor or tun
liquoi, in the, fir-it stages of lei-mentation,
knO'Vn as unfermented worls, of whatever
kind, is sold by one brewer to another for the
purpose o! producing fermentation or enliven-
ing Old or stale ale, porter, lager-beer, or
other fermented liquors, it, shall not be liable
to a tax to be paid by the Seller thereof, but
the lax on the same shall be paid by the pur-
chaser thereof, when the same, having been
mixed with the old or stale beer, is sold by
him us provided by law, and such sale or
transfer shall be subject to such restrictions
ami regulations as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Uivt-uue may prescribe.
Sec. 28. That the ownership or possession
by any person of any fermented liquor alter
us sate or removal Irom brewery or warehouse,
or otner p'ace where it was made, upon which
the tax required shall not have been paid,
shall rentier the same liable to seizure where
ever iouud, and to forfeiture, rfemoval under
s<iid permits excepted, and that the want o£ a
proper stamp or stamps upon any hogshead,
bat re., keg, or other vessel in which fermented
liquor may be contained after its sale or re-
moval I nun the brewery where the same was
made, or warehouse, as aforesaid, shall be
nonce to all persons that the tax has not been
paid thereon, and shall be prima facie evidence
ol the turn payment thereof.
bE€. 2'J. l'liat any person, other than tke pur-
chaser or owner ol any fermented liquor, or
person acting on his behalf, or as his agent,
who shall intentionally remove or deface the
stamp or permit affixed upon the hogshead,
birrel, keg, or oilier vessel in which the same
may be contained, shall be liable to a hue of
iiily dollars for each such vessel from which
tile stamp or permit is so removed or defaced,
and to render compeusa'-ion to such purchaser
or owner for all damage sustatued by him
therefrom.
Sue. GO. That any person who shall with-
draw any fermented liquor fromany hogshead,
barrel, keg, or other vessel upon which the
proper stamp or stamps shall not have beeu
affixed, for the purpose of bottling tne same,
or who shall carry on, or attempt to carry on,
the business of bottling fermented liquor in
any brewery or other place in which fermented
liquor is made, or upon any premises having
communication with such brewery or any
waiehoi^e, shall be liable to a line or live
handled dollars, and the property used m
such bottling or business shall be hajle to
foiieiiure.
tobacco.
Sec. 31. That on and after the first day of
July next the act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for
other purposes," approved July t?/entieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, be, and tne
same is hereby, amended as follows:
That section sixty-one be amended by strik-
ing out all after the second paragraph, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following words:
'• On all chewing and smoking tobacco, fine-
cut, cavendish, plug, or twist, cut or granu-
lated, of every description ; on tobacco twisted
by hand or reduced into a condition to be con-
sumed, or in any manner other than the ordin-
ary mode of drying and curing, prepared for
sale or consumption, even if prepared without
the use of any machine or instrument, and
without being pressed or sweetened; and on
all fine-cut shorts and refuse scraps, clippings,
cuttings, and sweepings of tobacco, a tax of
twenty cents per pound."
That section fifty nine be amended by strik-
ing out all of paragraphs seven, eight, nine,
and ten, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing, to wit: i:I)ealers in leaf tobacco,
except retail dealers in leaf tobacco, as here-
inafter defined, &hall each pay twenty five dol-
lars. Every person shall he regarded as a
dealer in leaf tobacco whose business it is, for
himself or on commission, to sell, or offer for
sale, or consign lor sale on commission, leaf
tobacco; and payment of a special tax as
dealer in tobacco, manufacturer of tobacco,
manufacturer of cigars, or any other special
tax, shad not exempt any person dealing in
leaf tobacco from the payment of the special
tax therefor hereby required. But no farmer
or planter shall be required to pay a special
tax as a dealer in leaf tobacco, for selling
tobacco of his own production, or tobacco
received by him as rent from tenants who have
produced the same on his laud. But nothing
in this section shall be construed to exempt
from a special tax any farmer or planter who
shall, by peddling or otherwise, sell leaf to-
bacco at, retail directly to consumers, or who
shall sell or assign, consign, transfer, or dis-
pose of to persons other than those who have
paid a special tax as leaf dealers or manufac-
turers of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or to per-
sons purchasing leaf tobacco for export. And
it shall lie the duty of every farmer or planter
producing and selling leaf tobacco, on demand
of any internal revenue officer, or other au-
thorized agent of the Treasury Departmeut,
to furnish said officer or agent a true and cor-
rect statement, verified by oath or affirmation,
of all his sales of leaf tobacco, the number
of hogsheads, eases, or pounds, with the name
and residence, in each instance, of the per-
son to whom sold, and the place to which it is
shipped. And any such farmer or planter who
shall wilfully refuse to furnish such informa-
tion, or who shall knowingly make false state-
ments as to any of the facts aforesaid, shall
be liable to a penalty not exceeding five
hundred dollars."
Dealers in leaf tobacco shall hereafter sell
only to other dealers who have paid a special
tax as such, and to manufacturers of tobacco,
suuff, or cigars, and to such persons as are
known to be purchasers of leaf tobacco for
export.
Retail dealers in leaf tobacco shall each pay
five hundred dollars, and, if their anuual sales
exceed one thousand dollars, shall each pay,
iu addition thereto, fifty cents for every dollar
in excess of one thousand dollars of their sales.
Every person shall be regarded^ as a retail
dealer m leaf tobacco whose business it is to
sell leaf tobacco in quantities less than an ori-
ginal hogshead, case, .or bale ; or who shall sell
directly to coiu-umers. or to persons oilier than
dealers in loaf tooacco, who have p.-ad a spe-
cial tax as such; or to manufacturers of to_
baceo, snuff, or cigars who have paid a special
tax ; or to persons who purchase in original
packages for export. Retail dealers in leaf
tobacco shall also keep a book, and- enter
therein daily their purchases and sales, in a
form and manner to be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Iuternal Revenue, which book
shall be open at all times for the inspection
of any revenue officer. *
Dealers in tobacco shall each pay five dol-
lars. Every person whose business it is to
sell, or offer for sale, manufactured tobacco,
suuff, or cigars, shall be regarded .as a dealer
ia tobacco, and the paymeut of a special tax
as a wholesale or retail iiquor-deaier, or the
payment of any other special tax, shall not
relieve any person who sells manufactured
tobacco and cigars from the payment of this
tax: Provided, That no manufacturer of to-
bacco, snuff, or cigars shall be recpiired to pay
a special tax as dealer in maufactured tobacco
and cigars for selling his own products at the
place of manufacture.
Manufacturers of tobacco shall each pay ten
dollars. Every person whose busiuess it is to
manufacture tobacco or snuff for himself, or
who shall employ others to manufacture tobacco
or snuff, whether such manufacture shall be
by cutting, pressing, grinding, crushing, or .
rubbing of any raw or leaf tobacco, or other-
wise preparing raw or leaf tobacco, or manu-
factured or partially manufactured tobacco or
snuff, or the putting up for use or consumption
of scraps, waste, clippings, stems, or deposits
of tobacco resulting from any process of hand-'
liug tobacco, shall be regarded as a manufac-
turer of tobacco.
.Manufacturers of cigars shall each pay ten
dollars. Every person whose business it is to
make or manufacture cigars for himself, or who
shall employ others to make or manufacture
cigars, shall be regarded as a manufacturer of
cigars. No special-tax receipt shall be issued
to any manufacturer of cigars until he shall
have given the bond required by law. Every
person whose business it is to make cigars for
others, either for pay, upon commission, on
shares, or otherwise, from material furnished
by others, shall be regarded as a cigar-maker.
Every cigar-maker shall cause his name and
residence to be registered, without previous
demand, with the assistant assessor of the
division in which such cigar-maker shall be
employed; and any manufacturer of cigars
employing any cigar-maker who shall have
neglected or refused to make such registry,
shall, on conviction, be fined five dollars for
each day that such cigar-maker so offending,
by neglect or refusal to register, shall be em-
ployed by him.
'• l'eddlers of tobacco shall be classified and
rated as follows, to wit: when travelling with
more than two horses, mules, or other animals,
the first class, and shall pay fifty dollars;
when travelling with two horses, mules, or
other animals, the second class, and shall pay
twenty-five dollars; when travelling with one
hoise, mule, or other animal, the third class,
and shall pay fifteen dollars ; when travelling
on foot or by public conveyance, the fourth
class, and shall pay ten dollars. Any person
who sells or offers to sell and deliver manufac-
tured tobacco, suuff, or cigars, travelling from
place to place, in the town or through the coun-
try, shail be regarded as a peddler of tobacco.
Every peddler of tobacco, before commencing,
or, if already commenced, before continuing
to peddle tobacco, shall furnish to tue collector
of his district a statement accurately setting
forth the place of his residence, and, if in a
city, the streeiand numberof the street where
he resides ; also the State or Stales through
which he proposes to travel ; the mode of
travel, whether on foot, by public conveyance,
or to travel with oue, two, or more horses,
mules, oi other animals; to state also wnetner
he proposes to sell his own manufactures or
manufactures of others, and, if he sells for
other parties, to name the person or persons
