1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ought not to be struck out. I wish to show
what that river is :
"The Tangipahoa river rises in southern Missis-
sippi. runs through eastern Louisiana, and empties
into Like Pontchartruin. It passes through aflnely
timbered pine country, nearly parallel to and but a
lew miles from the New Orleans, Jackson, and
Great Northern railroad. It can bo made navigable
lor steamers drawing but four and a ball' or five feet
to Wells's Ferry, sixteen miles from its mouth,"
That could be done.
"The estimated cost of so improving it is $5,400.
The obstructions consist of snags, fallen and over-
hanging trees. The commerce of the stream is
now inconsiderable, but would probably be greatly
increased by the introduction of a line of small
steamers, which would be rendered possible by the
improvement." * '* * * * * *
1 "There is no town or village on the whole of its
navigable portion, which extends to Wells's Ferry,
sixteen miles from the mouth by river, but only
about seven miles in a direct line.
' The lower ten miles of this river winds through
an impassable cypress and gum swamp, valuable
only for the timber it produces. The six miles above
the swamp (reaching to Wells's Ferry.) passes
through a swamp bottom from one to five miles wide,
bordered by pino barrens." * * * *
" Were the snags and fallen trees removed as far as
Wells's Ferry, a small steamboat, drawing four and
a half or five feet, might be built to run to that
pUce. Large quantities of cypress and pine timber
are rafted irom the upper part of the river and its
principal tributary, the Tcbappapela.
"The value ot this region lor the supply of fuel for
New Orleans is very great; and for raisins, fruit,
and vegetables lor the same market, the soil anil
climate are well adapted. The supply of brick
material and sand is inexhaustible, and, as yet,
entirely undeveloped."
Now comes the important part:
"During the past two years some emigrants from
northern estates have purchased the best part of the
land m the vicinity of Wells's Ferry and the Tchap-
papela, and are making efforts to introduce various
manufactures and improved agriculture."
And thereupon the Government of the United
States appropriates money to improve this
river.
Mr. CONKLING. How much?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Five thousand dollars
is the estimate, and I suppose that is the appro-
priation.
Mr. CONKLING. The amount is $2,500,
I think, as the House made it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember what
the amount is in the bill, but $5,000 is the
amount recommended. Now, Mr. President,
just look at snch an improvement as that; a
stream that could be made passable for a
steamer to get up it sixteen miles, entirely un-
improved 1 But there is material there for
making brick, and it would supply New Or-
leans with fuel, and some northern gentlemen
have purchased the best part of the land up
about Wells's Ferry I Is that the kind of river
that this Government is to spend its money in
improving?
Mr. SPENCER. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that if he will look through
this bill he will find any amount of more out-
rageous cases than that is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I think we had
better disapprove of this conference committee
report and get a chance to reject the bill.
Mr. FLANAGAN. It happens that I am
familiar to some extent with that country, and
my fiiend from Illinois is doing great injus-
tice. He is speaking now from what he reads,
and he knows nothing about the matter ex-
cept that. I have traveled there regularly,
and I am familiar with the country. Lake
Pontchartrain is one of the largest lumber
markets in the whole South. There is nothing
to compare with it. Schooners are plying
there regularly, and if they had a little steamer
to ply u{> that river in accordance with that
report it would be a very great consideration
to the commerce of New Orleans, as far as
lumber is concerned, both cypress and pine.
It is one of the most finely-lumbered regions
you can Cud anywhere in the South. I have
no hesitancy in saying that there are a thou-
sand other projects in the bill of far less merit
than this, and to my certain knowledge a great
injustice has been done in this ease by my
friend from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is anything in
the bill of less merit than this, does the Sen-
ator from Texas think we ought to appropriate
money for it?
Mr. FLANAGAN. But I have no doubt
this is a meritorious case. I think it very likely
there are many things in the bill of less merit.
I have no interest on earth in this matter; but
I do not like to see injustice done to it, partic-
ularly in the absence of the friend who intro-
duced it. I repeat there is merit in the propo-
sition, and 1 know something aboutthe lumber
UltAfPQtQ tllPVA
Mr. WEST.' The Senator from Illinois has
made this inconsiderable appropriation for the
improvement of a river in Louisiana the basis
of an attack upon this Congress for wasteful
extravagance in the river and harbor bill. The
amount is $2,500, and he has spent five or ten
minutes'in reading an extract Irom a book.
Will the Senator inform me what it is?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from a report
of the Secretary of War, which embodies the
report of the chief of engineers in regard to
this stream.
Mr. WEST. How far do I understand the
Senator to say it is navigable ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report states that
it will be possible to make it navigable for six-
teen miles for a small steamer drawing four
and a half or five feet of water.
Mr. WEST. Let me tell the Senator from
Illinois that the largest steamers that float on
the Mississippi river are fortunate when they
have four and ahalf feet of water to run them.
With four and a half feet of water in that stream
you can make it navigable for steamers six-
teen miles, and they could stretch that a little
and make it navigable for schooners, small
fiat-bottomed vessels, that draw two and a half
feet, sixty miles. The object is simply to get
the snags and undergrowth out.of that stream,
owing to the great exuberance of undergrowth
there. It is a very small matter upon which
to base a charge of extravagance against the
Government of the United States, that it has
appropriated $2,500 for improving a stream
in Louisiana. There are millions of feet of
lumber and large quantities of cotton to come
out of there.
Mr. CAMERON. I know something about
this country. I made a canal down there over
forty years ago, and I.think this is a very
proper appropriation. That cypress lumber
is the most valuable of all the lumber we have
in this country except the white pine. The
country there is now entirely without popula-
tion. If you will improve the navigation of
that little river—it is a very small river, to be
sure, but it is deep for rivers in that country—
you will fill up that country with hardy lum-
bermen who will go there and cut down the
forests and bring the lumber out into civiliza-
tion, and add to the wealth of the country.
That is the principle upon which this Gov-
ernment has acted for the last thirty years in
aiding new settlements. We gave to the State
of Illinois several hundred thousand acres of
land, some millions, perhaps, to make her
canals. We have given lands to all the west-
ern States to make railroads. Why should
we not help this thinly-settled portion of the
country in the South, where the people are
impoverished, and where they have no means
now of making that lumber useful to them-
selves or to the country ? I can see no wrong
in it. It is a very small affair, and I do not
see that, there is any constitutional difficulty
about it. • I believe the Senator from Illinois
did not-talk about the Constitution in connec-
tion with this appropriation, but it is a won-
der he did not. It is a proposition to appro-
priate $2,500 to improve that region, covering
many thousand acres of land, to make that
land valuable, and make it contribute to the
taxation of the country. Surely no libera 1-
minded person ought to object to that.
Mr. RICE. The committee of conference
in regard to the appropriations for rivers in the
State of Arkansas have fallen into a con-
siderate error in transferring the appropria-
tion for White, Black, and Little Red rivers
to the upper Ouachita. Those three rivera
are more important in a commercial point
of view than the Ouachita, and the Ouachita
already had an appropriation iu the bill for
nearly as much as all three of those riv«rs. It
is a very considerable error, and one that affects
the interest of the State of Arkansas seriously.
There are no rivers in any State of more im-
portance to the State than those three rivers
that are deprived of this appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, thisappro-
priation about which some mirth has beeft
excited is not $5,000; it is $2,500; and in
justice to the Committee on Commerce I want
the Senate to know its history, which I can
state in a moment.
It is one of the blessings and one of the mis-
fortunes of our organism that every congres-
sional district is represented in the House by a
person specially elected from that district. The
district iu which thisimprovementresidesis one
of those, and I may say, without referring im-
properly to the doings of the House, that the
appropriation was voted there upon the motion
and statement of the Representative of that
district. The facts upon which he relied in a
few words are these: there come from this
little river, as it is called, millions of feet of
pine and cypress lumber annually, arid I am
told not less than three thousand bales of cot-
ton from the region of which it should be the
outlet. I speak in the heating of at least three
persons who know how this is. In this stream,
navigable for sixteen miles, there are snags
and obstructions, and the engineers reported
some time ago that $5,000 would remove them
all. Upon a statement of the case the House
allowed one half of that sum of money to take
out the obstructions from this river, which is
navigable, from all the statements we have
heard, for fifteen or sixteen miles by vessels of
draught as great as the average of boats which
ply upon the Ohio or Mississippi river.
Now, that may be a very'improper thing;
that may be a very wild expenditure of $2,500.
I have no doubt that if the Senator from Pems-
sylvania or the wisest man in the management
of property was the individual owner ot this
property, he would upon the evidence before
me make this expenditure of money and more
too to establish a highway between the upper
waters and the country it drains, of this stream,
and the great ciiy ot New Orleans. That is
all 1 wish to say about this particular appro-
priation.
Now I have a word to say to my honorable
friend from Alabama. If he is known for
anything in this body, he is known for the
zeal and the solicitude with which he looks
out on all occasions for the interest of his con-
stituents and his State. He is entitled to that
credit as we all know. He was in the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and he has been since,
extremely assiduous and attentive ia getting
appropriations made in which the State of
Alabama was interested.
Mr. SPENCER. This one for Mobile is
the only appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. This is t'us only one that
came iu. It is not the only one my friend
wanted. Now the committee of conference
has cut down an appropriation in which the
Senator from Alabama is very much interested,
and with a warmth, giving away to an abandon,
which upon reflection he would recall, he tells
the Senate that this appropriation oi which I
have been speaking is very absurd—that is the
implication—but it is not half as bad as many
others in this bill. I accept as applicable to
myself the criticism of my honorable friend,
and I deny its justice. As a member of the
Committee on Commerce 1 attended those meet-
ings by day and by night at which, with maps
belore us, with papers before u&, with industry ,
with -conscientious application, the whole ot
that committee went, step by step, through
this bill frotn*"beginning to end; and if the
