1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2615
tax. It simply gives the assent of Congress to
the taxation by the State.
Mr. STOCKTON. I deny that there is any
necessity for Congress to give its assent to the
sovereign Legislature of a State in this Union
in the way of taxation.
Mr. THURMAN. I have only to say in
regard to that, that the Supreme Court of the
United States has held just exactly the reverse
in the case of the national hanks. I know very
well they held in regard to the State banks of
Ohio 
Mr. SCOTT. We had better refer the ques
tion to a Democratic caucus. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. II you refer it to a Dem-
ocratic caucus, I should agree with my friend
that there is no such power at all, perhaps;
but the court have held differently; they have
held that the power of a State to tax a national
bank is exactly commensurate with the au-
thority that the Congress of the United States
has given to tax it. Hence, the necessity of
our providing here that a State may tax this
road, lest it be said, if we have the power to
charter a railroad, if that is an instrumentality
of commerce, or of establishing post offices and
post roads, or a military road, which it is
essential to this Government to create, the
State cannot deprive, us of that ppwer by the
exercise of its taxing power. My own opinion
is that you can maintain with far more force
the proposition that a State has not a right to
tax a road which we build, if we have the
right to build the road, then you can maintain
the proposition tliat a State has no right to
tax bonds of the United States. I think you
can maintain the one by far greater strength
of argument than you can the other; yet we
know that the courts have decided that you
cannot tax bonds—that you cannot tax a bank
we have created at all. The same reasoning
would hold in regard to a railroad; and to re-
move all trouble on that subject and to con-
form exactly to the decision of the Supreme
Court, the Senator from Delaware moves this
amendment.
' But, Mr. President, there is one portion of
this amendment that I think had better be
stricken out, and I think the provision in
regard to taxation ought to be modified. The
amendment reads—
That nothing in this act, or the act to which it is
a supplement, shall be so construed as to exempt the
said company from taxation by any State or States
hereafter admitted into the Union through which
said railroad may pass.
I would strike out the words "hereafter
admitted into the Union," and say "by any
Stare," because the railroad passes through
some States that are already admitted into the
Union.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I would add to
that clause these words:
But no such taxes shaff be greater than thoso im-
posed by the State on railroad companies chartered
b,y State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. T accept that.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move to strike
out this last clause in the amendment:
And said company shall be subject to all laws
which may be enacted by such State or.States
applicable to other railroads within their limits.
X think that might give rise to a great deal
of trouble. The laws in different States are
different in regard to freights, to local charges,
to police, and to the jurisdiction over rail-
roads of the courts, and 1 submit to my friend
that might give rise to infinite trouble.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It was for the very
purpose of securing to the States that might
hereafter be created out of this territory the
power to regulate their carrying charges to
some extent that I inserted that clause. Still,
1 defer to the views of the Senator from Ohio,
and, at his suggestion, I will agree to that
modification.
Mr. TH U It MAN. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask my
friend from Ohio whether it is his opinion that
a railroad chartered by act of Congress, say
from Omaha to San Francisco, so far as it
runs through a State, is entirely beyond the
power of the State with respect to its rates of
freight and passage ?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator knows that
I do not think we have any right to make a
railroad through California, and so I can hardly
answer his question on such a hypothetical
case.
Mr. CASSERLY. I asked the question
because I understand that is the claim pre-
cisely in its length and breadth which is put
forward by at least one of these great roads,
that they are entirely independent of and may
set the State at defiance as to its charges for
freight and passage. That is a very serious
question. ] think it never was supposed by
any of the members of Congress who from
time to time voted to charter and endow these
great railroads that they were building up a
power within the State that was perfectly in-
dependent of and might bid defiance to the
authority of the State in regard to the import-
ant subject of how they should operate their
roads within the State, and what charges they
should make for freight and passage. If that
should ever be held good as a claim, it would
be a great surprise, and I believe a source of
much regret, to the members of Congress who
from time to time have voted for such bills.
Mr. MORTON. I think this amendment
ought not to be adopted ; but as now put into
form by the Senator from Ohio, if there is any
substance in it at all, itis absolutely dangerous.
It provides that these States shall not tax this
railroad higher than they tax other railroads.
The amendment should be in another form,
that they should not tax the railroad higher
than any other property according to valuation.
It might happen that, in a new State formed
out of the territory through which this road
runs this might be the only railroad running
through it for a good while, and perhaps the
only property they could make anything out
of by taxation, and if there is anything in the
amendment at all, that State might tax this
road in such a way as perhaps to make it value-
less, tax it out of existence. We have no
business to pass an amendment of that kind.
If there is anything in it, the amendment should
take a different shape ; but the whole amend
ment I think is improper, and ought to be
voted down.
Mr. STOCKTON. I simply wish to say a
single word in reference to the remarks of the
Senator from Ohio. I think he omitted en-
tirely in the remarks he made the broad dis-
tinction between the taxation of a railroad, a
franchise, and the taxation of property. My
position is that every State has a right- to es
tablish a uniform rule of taxation and to tax
all its property, and it is utterly impossible
that it can be otherwise. If the Congress of
the United States can make this railroad sub-
ject to the laws of a future State, hereafter to
be made a State, then the laws of that State
would not have their force ex proprio viyoi'e,
but by virtue of an act of Congress. That is the
proposition, and 1 can see it in no other light.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me suggest to my
friend the reading of this section is, the act
of Congress shall not be so construed as to
prevent it, or if you please come in conflict
with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Yermont. It is a little
singular that the moment this proposition to
permit a State to tax the road is made, a
general chorus should spring up hore in the
Senate against allowing such a provision to be
incorporated in the bill, although it is ad-
mitted by all that the States have that power.
If they have that power, what harm will the
amendment do? I can see infinite harm to
arise if, the question having been mooted,
Congress should vote it down, for thereby
would hang the idea that it was wrong, that
Cougress did not intend that the States should
have the power. The amendment having been
once introduced here, 1 hope the Senate will
not vote it down.
Mr. THURMAN. I have one word to say
in reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Indiana. He says that, this limitation ought
to be a power to tax no greater than the gen-
eral levy iu the State, or something of that,
kind. If the read ran through Ohio, whose
constitution provides that property shall be
taxed by a uniform rule and all alike, one prop-
erty not more than another, that would be.
feasible ; but that will not be the constitution,
perhaps, in the new States that are to be cre-
ated on the line of this railroad; so that he
proposes an impossible test.
Now, in regard to the idea that this road may
be the only road in the State, and that il you
allow the Legislature to tax it they might tax
it out of existence, 1 submit that is the very
last thing the State will attempt to do. The
danger is that the railroad will own the State,
not that the State will vote the railroad out
of existence or tax it out of existence, j'here
is no danger in the world of a State taxing a
railroad out of existence if it is its only rail-
road. The principal danger in regard to all
these great lines to the Pacific is that they will
be the owners of the new States through which
they are to pass. There is no danger in the
world of unfriendly legislation that is to tax;
them out of existence.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tho Senator from
Delaware as modified by the Senator from
Ohio, on which the Senator from Ohio has
called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to have a
division first, so as to save time.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 20.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
reported as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
modified, as follows:
That nothing in this act, or tho act to which it is
a supplement, shall be so construed as to exempt the
said company fiom taxation by any State or States
through which their said railrotjd may pass ; but no
such tuxes shall be greater than those imposed by
the State on railroad companies chartered by such
State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to amend that, by
providing to exempt, the franchise of the rail-
road company. I do not, think a State ought
to tax a franchise which we gram,.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all right, enough.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If a State has the lawful
authority to tax the property of a railroad
which may be situated in its limits, of course
that is one thing ; but, if, ought not to have the
right, to value the good-will, so to speak, at a
great sum and tax that.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the first part of the
amendment, as modified, be read again.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment
as modified.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to say "upon
its railroad or other properly."
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 propose to put it in the
first place " to exempt the, property of such
company."
Mr. THURMAN. That might be construed
not to mean the railroad itself. " The property
of the company" would be right enough. Let,
it be so modified. How does it read now ?
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That nothing in this act, or the act to which it is
a supplement, snail he so construed as to cxempttbe
property of' the said company irom taxation by any
State or States through wmea th.-it- said i.niio.i,d
may pass; but no suJ. t:ixcs shaii bo gieater than
those imposed by thoSt-i'Con the propeity of rail-
road companies chartered by such Stat'-.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I desire to state that
I am paired with the Senator from Connecti-
cut, Mr. Fi;ury. It he were here he would
vote ''yea," and I should vote "nay."
