1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8511
facture. Now, by this bill it is proposed to
takeoff only fifty percent, of the present duty
upon soda-ash, while but a very small reduc-
tion is proposed in the duty upon paper. We
ought to take the entire duty off soda-ash and
make it free ; and we ought to very largely
reduce the duty upon printing paper.
How does it work? We pay a duty upon
soda-ash, although I believe that now the other
materials that enter into the manufacture of
paper, such as rags and things of that kind,
are admitted free. There is a large duty levied
upon paper. "We get very little revenue from
that duty, very little, while a burden is imposed
upon the people in the addiiiona.1 price they
have to pay for their paper. Why, sir, the
very paper upon which the proceedings of this
Congiess are punted pays a duty of thirty-five
per cent..ad valorem.
A few jears ago Conaress undertook to
reduce the duty upon piin'ing paper, and as
almost everybody in Congress supposed, it
was 1 educed to twenty per cent. But by a
cunning iirratiffetnetit of slipping in the word
"unsized"—very few people except, those who
mui)iif.iettire understood ihe purport of it—it
lelt the du'y upon all piper used in the man-
ufacture ol books, of the documents which we
piil)t here, and on good paper for newspapers,
at thirtj-five percent, ad valorem. There is
a paper wh.ch is used, which is unsized, tnarle
partly of straw, straw possessing a lit tie of the
gluey substance which gives the quality of
sizing, and making an infeiiorquality of ptint-
ing paper, which is used considerably by the
daily piess. Upon unsized paper there tsaduty
of twenty per cent, ad valo em; on sized paper
th'-re is a duty of thiity-tive per cent, ad val-
orem. We have to pay more duty upon print-
ing paper than upon the books printed on that
paper. A man can to-day go over to England
or Fiance and piint his book and import it
into ibis country cheaper than he can import
th>* paper upon winch to print it. The one is
tweniy-five per cent , the other is thirty five
jer cent. That is a direct bounty paid to the
oreign type setter, to the foreign worker in
the punting office, to the printing office
abroad, and against the man who sets type
anH spieads ink in our own country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Syi'Her. to strike out the clause in relatiou
tosai soda and soda ash; and it was not agreed
to, upon a division—ayes 40, noes 71.
The Cletk read as follows:
On santonino, three dollars per pound.
Mr. McUOIiMICK, of Missouri. I move
to strike out" three dollars" and insert ''one
dollar." I will state to the committee that,
this is a preparation the use of which is to
destroy worms; it is the active principle of
all the vermifuges used throughout the United
States. 1 he worm-seed, from which it is made,
I believe, is imported free of duty. This is a
medicine used in the rearing of almost, eveiy
family of children in this country. The du'y
proposed in the bill enables the manufacturer
to realize a very great prulit upon this com-
modity. Iliave therefore proposed this amend
merit.
Mr. CONGER. This article is the crysta-
liztd bitter extract of wild sage. We have
millions of acres of wild sage lying between
here ami the Rocky mountains, allot which can
be converted into santonme. It seems tome
that at ax oftbree dollars a pound upon an article
for which we have the material spread over mil-
lions and millions of acres in the United States
is an unreasonableaud unnecessary imposition.
As ihe gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McCoR-
MlCK] has said, this article enters into malty
niediiines in use ail over the country. One or
two fiiins(l do not know why) have almost
mouopo'ized the process ol manufacturing t his
ariicle; and they ask a protection of three tiol-
lars a pound upon it; Jftt themateiial from
which it is manufactured is spread all over the
western country.
Fc
Mr. DAWES. In Michigan?-
^ Mr. CONGER. No, not in Michigan; bat
it is found in Massachusetts, and, in fact, in
all the barren parts of the land. 'None of it
grows in Michigan.
The question being taken on the amend*
ment of Air. McCormick, of Missouri, it was
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On strychnia, one dollar per ounoe.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
amend the clause just read by striking out
"one dollar" and inserting "fifty cents."
The duty of one dollar proposed in the bill is
about fifty per cent, ad valorem.. This medi-
cine is made from nux vomica, which is intro-
duced into this country free of duty and stricily
as medicine used ver.v generally. 1 think that,
the manufacturers of strychnia, having their
raw material imported free of duiy, should
not be protected by a duty of one dollar per
ounce on this manufacture.
The amendment was agreed to.
mkssauk from this senate.
The committee rose informally ; and Mr.
Stevi:nsox having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, a message from the Senate, by
.Mr. Symi'SOX, one of its clerks, announced
that the Senate had insisted on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to the bill
(H. R. No. 1601) making appropriations for
ihe support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1873, had agreed
to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed as conferees on the pari, of the Sen-
ate Mr. Spiugue, Mr. West, and Mr. Car-
penter.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted on its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the hill (H. K. No. 1323)
making appropiiations for the consular and
diplomatic service of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses ; had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the fourteenth amendment of
the Senate; had agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate Mr. Sawyer,
Mr. Cameron, and Mr. Vickers.
The message also announced that, the Sen-
ate had passed a hill of the following title,
with an amendment to the title ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1072) to fix the times of
the United States circuit courts in the eighth
district.
The message also announced that, the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
An act (S. No. 539) authorizing the con-
struction of a railroad bridge across the Ohio
river at or near livansvilte, in the State of
Indiana ;
An act (S. No. 931) authonzing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river,
at Little Kock. Arkansas; and
An act (S. No. 931) to provide for the com-
pletion of three volumes of Wilkes's United
States exploring expedition.
tariff axd tax hill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
The Clerk read as follows :
On medicinal preparations, all not specified,
tllirty !>er cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend by
inserting after the clause just read the follow-
ing :
On plate glass, cast and polishod, but not silver,
Oil all sizes above twenty-tour by thirty inches,
twenty-five cents per square loot.
Mi. Chairman, the present duty on plate
glass i* filty cents a square foot, luere is
nothing probably that is more necessary
Mr. DAWES. I ask the amendment bo
again read. I did not hear it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. DAWh,S. I make the point of order
this amendment is not in order at this place.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York cannot come in at this
point. It will be in order, however, at the
end of the section.
The Clerk read as follows:
On medicinal preparations, all not specified, thirty
per cont. ad valorem.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move
to strike out "thirty per cent, ad valorem"
and insert " twenty per cent, ad valorem
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 31, noes 63.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
On rum esscnco or oil, and bay ram essence or oil.
one dollar per oanco.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to strikeout " one
dollar " and insert " fifty cents; " and, Mr.
Chairman, I do it in the interest of revenue.
The duly is now eight hundred per cent.,
the highest duty known in the whole list and
double that of any other. Fifty cents an ounce
would make it four hundred per cent. 1 find
tliHtonly one hundred and sixty ounces were
imported into the whole country, while we
know the use of ihis article has been general
in all sections of the country. 1 ain informed
by o Electors of the customs that iinv steward
or : y cook upon our incoming ocean steamers
can easily bring in fifty dollars' worth of this
ariicle in his breast pocket at, any time without
being detected. Nineteen twentieths of it, I
learn, if not forty-seven fiftieths of it are smug-
gled into this country without paying any duty.
1 move to reduce it from one dollar to fifty
cents an ounce in the interests of revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On books printed, and alt other printed pnpor,
bound or in shoots, oxeept newspapers, magazines,
ami periodicals, twelvo and ouo h.Uf couta per
pound.
Mr. HOAR. I move the following amend-
ment to come in in line eighty-eight, after the
word periodicals."
The Clerk read as follows:
Except books, maps.and charts especially imported
ill cood iaiih for the use of any society incorporated
or estahl.slied for philosophical, literary or l'oli-
gious purposes, or t,ho oucouriurmnent. ot tine iirts, or
by tho order of any coiicrc,, academy, ichool, or Bem-
inary ot learning in tile United States, for its own
use or that of its instructors.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, this, with a
very blight change which I will mention, re-
stores the existing law. 1 understand, on in-
quiry of the members of the Committee of
VV;ays and Means, with the exception of one
member whom I have not seen, that there
was not any purpose on the part of any one
of them to abolish the exemption which now
exists on hooks imported by colleges and
schools for their own use or public libraries
free of duty. They are now on the free list ;
and it is a mere accident, I understand, this
exception was not incorporated in the law.
1 have copied the language of tho existing
law wiih a single exception which I will state.
The existing law is books imported by various
institutions or by their ordershall be free with-
out expressing for whose use or what purpose
they may Older them to be imported. 1 have
inserted the words ''for their own use or
that of their instructors." 1 suppose under
the existing tariff the construction of law at
present only exempts such books fmported for
their own use. It that be so this bill would
extend exemption from duty to books imported
for the use of instructor. 1 presume no class
of men are so poorly paidas the instructors m
our colleges and seminaiies ol learning, and
the books they use to help themselves in their
injunction are for public and not private bene
fit. For myself 1 should desite to go much
