4408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
committee failed in regard to it, they failed
from want of capacity, not from want of indus-
try or search in regard to these matters. I
undertake to say the Senator from Alabama
cannot put his finger—and I tender him the
bill to vindicate his assertion—upon this or any
other appropriation in this river and harbor
bill not warranted by the plainest principles
of common sense and propriety applied to the
evidence before us.
These two Louisiana appropriations were
not passed without attention. being given to
them. They were not passed without finding
and locating and tracing on the map these
streams, not passed without examining the
representatives of that State carefully in re-
gard to the facts; nor was there any other
appropriation that I know of put in this bill
without a similar examination unless it was
vouched for upon the personal knowledge of
some members of the committee, which was
the case in regard to two or three; for ex-
ample, a harbor of refuge on Long Island.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut and
myself both had a right to say that we knew
that between New York and New London
there was no other harbor so good and that it
was essential that the work should be done there.
I except that from my statement that as to
these appropriations we investigated carefully.
In that and one or two other cases members
of the committee felt that they had so much
personal knowledge that the committee would
be safe in acting upon that. With these ex-
ceptions I say to the Senate there was noth-
ing the committeo could do which was omitted
to ascertain carefully and exactly the facts.
Touching this river which ruus through a
pine and cypress country, we were satisfied that
the House in allowing one half of the appro-
priation asked, upon the statement of the
member representing the district, had not
done an act which we could with propriety
review and dissent from, and therefore we did
not dissent from this appropriation; and I beg
to say, in the light of all I have heard about it
now, after renewing privately my questions to
some of those who have personal acquaintance
with the subject, I believe there is not a mem-
ber of the Senate who, if he were the proprie-
tor individually of this stream, would not do
this very work and pay the money that it would
cost.
I have felt bound, Mr. President, to say so
much in reply particularly to what was said by
the honorable Senator from Alabama; be-
cause, while I sympathize with him in his dis-
appointment at having the appropriation for
Mobile harbor cut down, I do not want the
Senate or anybody else to get the impression
that this bill has been slighted by the Com-
mittee on Commerce. If that committee has
ever discharged its duty conscientiously touch-
ing any bill, river and harbor bill or otherwise,
certainly it did in regard to this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to call the
attention of my friend to one fact: there is
not an appropriation in the bill that was not
unanimously assented to by the Committee on
Commerce, not one.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that is true. I
had forgotten it, but my recollection is that
wherever there was doubt enough, after an
examination, about an appropriation for the
committee to divide upon it, by general con-
sent we dropped it, intending to restrict the
bill so much that we should be warranted in
saying to the Senate that we had been very
careful in the recommendations we had made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I have the figures
before me, I desire to state the amount of
business on this river. The Senator from New
York spoke of three thousand bales of cotton
from this river, as I understood him.
Mr. CONKLING. No; not from this river,
if the Senator will allow me; but my expres-
sion was that three thousand bales of cotton,
as I was told, came out annually from the
region drained by this river and reached by it.
That the cotton has com,e down the river I
do not understand, because the very point is
that the river is obstructed and they are com-
pelled to resort to expensive modes of carriage,
whereas if "they could use this stream that
would be avoided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is within seven miles
of a railroad, and no cotton whatever comes
from the river.
Mr. CONKLING, So I understand.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. I will read exactly what
came out of it during a year:
"The following is a statement of the arrivals and
exports from the river to New Orleans :
Number of arrivals year ending July 9, 1871,
169."
So that vessels do come out of the river, and
here is what they brought:
"Wood, cords, 2,628; shells, barrels, 15,330."
Those are shells they make lime oat of.
" Cribs of timber, 136."
That is the whole business of the river for a
year.
Mr. CONKLING. That is more than I
supposed.
Mr. WEST. I should like the Senator from
Illinois to explain how they make lime out of
those shells.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to say a word in
reply to the remarks of the Senator from New
York; but first, the Senator from Michigan
says there is not an appropriation in the bill
that was not unanimously agreed to in com-
mittee. I shall not deny that statement. I
did agree to many things in the bill that were
personally objectionable to me and that I
thought were unnecessary. I am an inexpe-
rienced legislator, a young man in this body,
and I did not feel like fighting old Senators;
and besides I wished to get an appropriation
for Mobile harbor, and consequently did not
desire to antagonize those measures. The Com-
mittee on Commerce did unanimously agree
to an appropriation of $100,000 for Mobile
harbor. That committee or a portion of it
has allowed that appropriation to be stricken
out in the committee of conference, and it is
the only thing except one other, I understand,
that has been stricken out, and there are
many places of minor importance provided
for. There are places in the bill I will say to
the Senator from New York that it would
puzzle him to tell where they are located, and
they have large appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend be kind
enough to mention one of them? I will not
ask him for more than one. I should like to
have one, just as a sample.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish the Senator would
state to me the precise location of Pentwater,
in Michigan. He may be better posted in
geography than I am.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will tell the Senator
that it is the termini of two railroads, one of
which is three hundred miles long and the
other one hundred and fifty.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
yield to me one minute. I want to respond to
that question. That is one place which per-
haps more than any other was in the commit-
tee put under a microscope and examined in
every point of view. The chairman of the com-
mittee was cross-examined with regard to it,
up and down, stated all about his railroad, and
all about the length of it. It was to be the
terminus of a railroad. We had themap,and
had it pointed out precisely where it was, and
sifted and winnowed, with our fans in our
hands, all the way through ; and now my hon-
orable friend from Alabama comes in and wants
to know if I can tell where Pentwater in Mich-
igan is.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator ought to be
able to tell us what the commerce of Little
Sodus in New York is? I know he knows
that.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, lean tell my friend
about the place he means to inquire about.
He means Big Sodus. My friend has not read
the hill sufficiently to know the place he is
talking about under the name of Sodus. I can
tell him all about it. I will tell him that it is
the finest harbor, with one exception possibly,
on Lake Ontario. Perhaps that will be suffi-
cient ; but I will tell him, if he wants to hear
it, all about a railroad that runs there which
connects with railroads reaching this capital
and reaching the capital of his State. The
whole southern net-work of railroads is con-
nected with this place by a road now projected
$nd now being built and which is to be running
in the course of two or three months. Does
my friend want to know anything more about
Big Sodus?
Mr. SPENCER. I will state to my friend
from New York that every railroad in this
country connects with the capital of my State.
They all center there.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the capital of the
Senator's State is a curiosity.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I rise merely to ex-
press my surprise at the opposition of the
Senator from Alabama. If there is so much
in this bill which requires no appropriation,
which is against public policy, my surprise is
that he did not make known his opposition in
committee. There would have been his op-
portunity ; there he would have had the influ-
ence and the power which he was entitled to ;
but closing his mouth there and coming before
the Senate upon the report of this committee
of conference, it seems to me is not in accord-
ance with good statesmanship.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator from Con-
necticut will allow me, I should not have said
what I have if the Senator from Connecticut
and other members «f the committee of
conference had sustained the action of the
entire Committee on Commerce when it voted
$100,000 to Mobile harbor and not allowed it
to be cut down.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. So I supposed.
Mr. SPENCER. Mobile harbor is a place
of national importance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then it fol-
lows the report would have been all right and
we should not have heard of Little Sodus, nor
of any other defects in the bill, provided
$25,000 more had been included for Mobile.
Several Senators. Question I Question I
Mr. COLE. I wish to say one word on this
question. I have not consumed any time upon
it, nor shall I now. I observe that for the
improvement of harbors about the State of
Michigan there are something over twenty
appropriations. That is a pretty large number
for one State.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should think there
were more. I think the Senator is mistaken.
We have thirteen hundred miles of coastline,
more than any other State in the Union, with
a thousand millions of commerce upon it, and
1 should think there are more than twenty.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
interrupt me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California cannot be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. COLE. The State of Michigan has not
so many miles of coast line as the State of Cali-
fornia by considerable. The Committee on
Commerce have devoted their attention as re-
gards the improvement of harbors to Michigan
mainly. I supposed that the business of the
Committee on Commerce was to look to the
commercial interests of the whole country, and
if you take a map of the world and put your
finger down on the State of Michigan, you
cover all that vast territory to which the great
attention of that committee has been directed.
It is but a small consideration so far as the
country at large is concerned, or the commerce
of the Republic is concerned. That is the ground
of complaint that I make against the report of
the committee.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to say a word on
this subject, and I trust the Senate will be
patient in listening to a few Words in behalf of
