2616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
April 20,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Clayton. Corbett. Edmunds, Perry of
Michigan, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howe, John-
ston, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson, Saulsbury, Thurman, and Tipton—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Borema.n, Caldwell, Cameron*
Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Frelinghuysen, Kellogg,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,and West—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames,Brown low, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cragin, Davis ot Kentucky. Davis
of West Virginia, Fenton, Perry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Nor-
wood, Nye. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Suraner, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wilson, Windoin, and Wright—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to offer an amend-
ment from the committee. In section five, line
sixteen, after the word "act," I move to in-
sert the words "and said road from Marshall,
Texas, throughout the length thereof'shall be
of uniform gauge."
The amendineut was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now offer another amend-
ment which I have been instructed to offer by
the committee. It is to insert at the end of
section five the following proviso:
Provided, That said Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall bo, and it is hereby, authorized and re-
quired to construct, maintain, control, and operate
a road between Marshall, Texas, and Shreveport,
Louisiana, or control and operate any existing road
between said points of the same gauge as the said
.Texas Pacific railroad; and that all roads terminat-
ing at Shreveport shall have the right to m.ike the
same running connections, and shall be entitled to
the same privileges for the transaction of business
in connection with the said Texas Pacific railroad,
as aro granted to roads intersecting therewith;
Provided further, That nothing herein shall bo con-
strued as changing the terminus of said Texas
Pacific railroad from Marshall, as provided in the
original act.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That, is the very
question we have been discussing, and after
Ihe discussion the other amendment was with-
drawn. That amendment authorizes the con-
struction of a railroad. It is a charter. I hope
it will not be adopted.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not understand that
this is altogether the question that, has been
discussed and withdrawn. I understand the
question involved in the amendineut offered
by the Senator from Arkansas was as to whether
the Grand To wo* and San Diego Railroad
Company, incorporated by the Stale ol'Ark-
ansas, should be permitted to extend its lino
and connect at a point not west of Dallas with
the Texas Pacific railroad. This amendment
proposes no more than, after an elaborate
discussion, Congress gave to the company in-
corporated under the original Texas Pacific
act.
If I can have the attention of the Senate
for a moment, I think I can show that this
amendment is no move than simple justice,
not only to the State that I in part represent,
but to all the Gulf States, i ask that this
Texas Pacific railroad may be authorized to
build and maintain a road or to operate and
maintain a road already constructed from
Marshall to Shreveport. It is to allow the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, authorized
by the act to which this is an amendment, to
operate and maintain a railroad, either by
operating another railroad purchased and con-
solidated with it underthe fourth section of the
original act, or give them authority to build,
maintain, and operate a road for the forty
miles between Marshall and Shreveport. If J
ean have the attention of the Senate for a
moment, I will try to show the precise condi-
tion of the difficulty proposed to be obviated
by this amendment,.
The original charter of the Texas Pacific
Railroad Company authorizes that company
to build a load from Marshall to San Diego.
There is no road at Marshall intersecting or j
connecting with this proposed road, save one, |
which is a road running due east from Mar- ]
shall to the eastern boundary of Texas, called j
the Southern Pacific, built under a charter I
granted by the State of Texas in 1854. I be-
lieve this is a road of five feet gauge. East-
ward from the eastern boundary of Texas there
is a road of the same gauge to Shreveport, on
the Red river, the first navigable water on the
line of this road east of San Diego and practi-
cally at the head of navigation. The road
running from the eastern boundary of the State
of Texas belongs to another company and is
leased to the Southern Pacific company, which
owns and operates the road from the eastern
boundary of the State of Texas to Marshall,
a distance of some twenty miles.
Under the fifteenth section of the original
act the Texas Pacific company cannot dis-
criminate against any road that intersects or
connects with it at Marshall but through this
live-feet gauge road that runs to Shreveport,
either owned or controlled by the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, and which is the
only road connecting or intersecting at Mar-
shall. They can thus discriminate againstevery
other road running to Shreveport; and there
is the focus, so to speak, from which radiates,
or will in the not distant future, all the net-
work of railroads in the South.
Now, sir, all I ask is, and I think it is just
and fair, that the Texas Pacific company shall
be authorized and required to maintain and
operate a railroad between Marshall and Shreve-
port, or, to meet the objection of my fastidious
friend from New Jersey—if he will permit me
to use this expression—control and operate
any existing road between these points of the
same gauge as the Texas Pacific. But for that
they can take advantage of the act heretofore
granted by the Legislature of the State of
Texas to the Memphis and El Paso railroad,
diverge from their line at any point east of
Marshall and go north to Texarcana and Ful-
ton, thus diverting our trade ; they are author-
ized to do it, and they might—I do not say they
would—so make the gauge as to practically
isolate U3. Indeed, it is not likely their main
line will be five feet gauge, but four feet eight
and a halt inches, aud possibly less. It will
be remembered when the original bill was
before the Senate after a long discussion it
was agreed to incorporate a clause providing
that the gauge of the road should be live feet,
hut the House struck it out and iucorporated
four feet eight and a half inches. In the con-
ference committee we finally agreed after a
long contest to strike out the whole question
of gauge and leave it to the companies, and let
the necessities and wants and demands of the
country through which it ran and the business
that was likely to go over the road determine
Ihe question of gauge.
Now there is a road completed on the very
line where this Texas Pacific railroad pro-
poses to run, westward from Marshall, some
thirty miles, I believe, and there are some
fifteen or twenty miles graded and ready to
receive the iron and ties, I am informed. It
needs but, to be extended a little distance,
comparatively, and it goes to Dallas, and
when it strides Dallas we have a five feet
gauge connecting all the southern roads by
way of Shreveport to Dallas, and then we
may have a Texas Pacific railroad of narrow
gauge built under the original act running
from San Diego to Dallas, and thence bearing
away toward Memphis, via Fulton and Little
Rock. They are authorized under the fourth
section of the original act to consolidate with
any company, and they may discriminate, as I
have shown, against all the network of rail-
roads of the entire South through the piece
of road from Marshall to Shreveport, but they
may divert, by different gauge-business away
trom the southern sea-board.
Mr. CAMERON1. Mr. President, I wish to
say to the Senator from Louisiana, and other
gentlemen in the southern section of this
countiy who desire this road to be made, that
they are acting very much in their own light
by proposing tuese amendments. My experi-
ence has been that if you make a railroad in
any section of the country, getting sufficient
capital to build it in the first place, and it
becomes profitable, those who control it will
extend railroad facilities as far as they can.
I am sure that, if the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana is incorporated in this
bill, it will kill the bill, because unless you
can make such a bill as the gentlemen wh o
are now proposing to make the road for you
will operate under, you will get no railroad
made. It is a bargain now between the coun-
try and a certain number of capitalists i o make
a road. It is just like half a dozen men or
one or two men coming together to make a
bargain about property, one wanting a partic-
ular thing done who has no money, and the
other who has the capital being willing to do
it provided he can do so with profit to himself
and benefit to those around them. These gen-
tlemen know what they can do. They know
upon what terms they can sell their bonds;
upon what terms and process they can get
their money ; and if they are interfered with,
they are not likely to make the road. There
is nothing in the world so sensitive as capital.
The men who have made their money by
long years of savings are always cautious, and
they are afraid ta invest any portion of their
capital where there may be any doubt at all.
There is nothing that frightens them so much as
a technicality in the law. All successful, prac-
tical men are afraid of the law; and all who
have any experience find that the men who suc-
ceed in life do not get into law; they keep out
of it. Hence, if yon embarrass the capitalists
of the country, you will get no railroad. On
the other hand, if gentlemen living in different
quarters of the Union who desire their locali-
ties to be connected with this road will wait,
they will all get railroads in time, because, if
this railroad is made, it will give prosperity to
the whole region of country in which it may
be and all around it. I trust we shall have no
more amendments to this bill, but will pass it
as it is and then go home.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. We have now
been here about twice as long as we ought to>
have been to-day, and there is no more pros-
pect of reaching a conclusion on this subject
than when we began. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. ["No," "No."]
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 8, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 move, then,
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. C0NKLING. Now let us go on with
the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot go on until
you get a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was not advised by t.he last vote that there was
not a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair stated that
there were eight in the affirmative and twenty
in the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was on
the other question. The Chair will remark to
the Senator from Vermont that the point asto
a quorum was not raised on this question.
The Senator from Vermont has now raised the
question of a quorum, and the Chair decides
that there is no quorum present.
_ Mr. SPENCER. I am satisfied that there
is a quorum present.
Mr. LOGAN. I think a quorum has just
come in.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the roll be
called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again, noticing that sev-
eral Senators have entered the Chamber.
. Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair. If the Chair doubts the
presence of a quorum, is it not in order to ask
that the Chair count the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
