1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
4409
the appropriation for Mobile. I hare noth-
ing to say in opposition to the appropriation
for the improvement of the Tangipahoa river;
nor have I anything to say in opposition to the
appropriations made for more than twenty-six
places or ports of entry in the State of Michi-
gan. It gives evidence that the honorable
chairman of the committee knows how to take
care of his own State. His people certainly
will be attended to while he is chairman of
that committee. I think the bill gives evi-
dence of that fact. I commend the honorable
Senator for the energy he has shown in pro-
moting the interests of his own constituents.
Mr. President, the harbor of Mobile is one
of the most important on the southern coast.
In 1869, since the war, the county of Mobile
and the city of Mobile, under an act of the
Legislature of the State of Alabama, have
appropriated $200,000 for the improvement
of that harbor which was obstructed during
the war. Mobile is one of the largest cotton
marts in the United States. It is one of the
largest sea-port towns. It looks out upon the
bay and into the ocean. It has a commerce
unequaled by any other sea-port town on all
the southern coast. Congress in its gra-
cious magnanimity has heretofore appropriated
$50,000 annually for two or three years for
the purpose of improving this harbor. This
year the argument was so strong, so pointed,
so convincing, that the committee were
satisfied of the propriety of appropriating
$100,000 for Mobile. The committee of con-
ference selected two items to be cut down,
and Mobile is cut down twenty-five per cent,
while the State of Michigan comes out un-
scathed and untouched.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. He does not wish to misrepresent
the facts.
Mr. ALCOEN. Certainly not.
Mr. CHANDLER, The facts arc that a
similar reduction was made at Pentwater, this
railroad terminus that has been referred to, in
my State. The Senator does not intend to
misrepresent, I know, but he is mistaken.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will allow me, I will tell him about this
bill so that he will understand it. This bill
appropriates over five million dollars, and the
committee of conference have made two recom-
mendations : one to cut down the appro-
priation for Mobile harbor $25,000 and the
other to cut down the appropriation for Pent-
water $20,000
Mr. ALCORN. I received my information
from the Senator from Alabama. The confer-
ence report was read, and he made the state-
ment here that there were two appropriations
which had been cut down, and 1 understood
him to say that neither of those attached to the
State of Michigan. I accept the explanation
of the honorable Senator from Michigan.
Enough upon that point.
I said awhile ago that I rose not to oppose
anvthing appropriated for the State of Mich-
igan. 1 doubt not that each and every appro-
priation that is made for that State is well de-
served and properly appropriated. I only stand
here to protest against the action of the com-
mittee in regard to the single city on the
southern coast that is approachable to the sea.
The War Department state that $650,000 would
make it all that we could desire. The city and
county of Mobile, in aid of the small and
meager appropriation of the Government
of the United States, appropriated in 1869
$200,000; and yet hereto-day, after we had
$100,000 appropriated by the unanimous voice
of the Senate, the committee of conference
come back with a report reducing that appro-
priation by $25,000. I rose to protest against
it, and I shall not vote to confirm, to indorse,
to carry forward that report with this act of
flagrant injustice upon the face of the bill.
1 rose here to vindicate the State of Ala-
bama. It is a State that I do not represent,
but I am well acquainted with the commerce
of the city of Mobile. The State that I in
part represent is dependent upon that city for
a large share of its commerce. Why, sir, the
commerce of Mobile flows out from the Gulf
and goes even to the city of Chicago ; for
Mobile, let me repeat again, is the largestcot-
ton-exporting city that there is on all the
southern coast, and the second in importance
to any in the United States of America. Not
three thousand bales of cotton, but hundreds
of thousands of bales are shipped from that
place ; hundreds of thousands of sacks of
corn and wheat and everything else from the
great Northwest, from the State that the honor-
able Senator from Michigan represents, the
State of Illinois, the State of Missouri, the
State of Arkansas, come down the Mobile and
Ohio railroad and out into the bay. It is an
appropriation well deserved. Instead of being
$100,000, it should have been $250,000. But
I rose, I repeat, simply to protest against the
reduction of the appropriation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 41, nays 12 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, eas-
terly, Chandler, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont. Norwood, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, West, and
Windom—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Clayton, Cole, Kellogg,
Osborn, Pool. Rice, Robertson, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, and Trumbull—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Jen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Hitchcock. Lewis, Logan, Morton, Patter-
son, Ransom, Schurz, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson, and
Wright—21.
So the report was concurred in.
compensation of a senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a communication from Hon. George Vick-
ers, relative to his compensation as a Senator
from the State of Maryland from March 4,
1867, to March 7, 1868; which was referred
to the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a resolution to cor-
rectan error in the enrolled bill(H. R. No.2582)
making appropriations for the payment of
claims reported allowed by the commissioners
of claims under the act of Congress of March
3, 1871.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2582) mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of claims
reported allowed by the commissioners of
claims under the act of Congress of March 3,
1871.
order of business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there anything before
the Senate?
Mr. STEWART. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 2247) giving the approval and sanc-
tion of Congress to the termini and route of
the Anacostia and Potomac River railroad is
before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Let us have it now.
Mr. POMEROY. That was laid aside in-
formally to take the vote on the disability bill.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing that vote
shall be taken.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask unanimous consent
to be allowed to offer a resolution to which I
do not think any one will object.
Mr. STEWART. I object to anything
except the amnesty bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amnesty bill cannot
come up.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose it can be voted
upon without debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot do that.
Mr. STEWART. Then I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Ransom]
asks unanimous consent to take the vote on
the bill pending at the time of adjournment
vocf arn flv
Mr. EDMUNDS. On what?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
for the removal of the disabilities of. two
persons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. STEWART. Then I demand the reg-
ular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the regular order is before the
Senate.
Mr. RANSOM. I hope there will be no
objection to taking the vote on this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have told the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina that I could
not consent, as long as I had the voice to
object to it, within reasonable limits, to the
relief of the disabilities of this gentleman,
Mr. Yance. I think it is rather "crowding
the mourners," as they say at a funeral, to
start that at this time. The Senator knows
that perfectly well.
committee on mississippi levees.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator allow me
to introduce a resolution to which I think there
will be no objection? If there is objection I
will withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
liesolved, That the select Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi have leave to sit during the recess
of the Senate.
Mr. ALCORN. We desire to sit during the
recess, and I believe there is no objection
to it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is no objection to
that.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
indians of central superintends ncy.
Mr. STEWART. Now let us have the
regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order is before the Senate, but with the
permission of the Senator from Nevada and
the Senate, the Chair will lay before the Sen-
ate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 1175) for the
relief of certain Indians in the central super-
intendency.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
Senate concur in the amendment of the
House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is an entire sub-
ofi+nta t fapllpvp
Mr. 'BUCKlN GH AM. It is, but it is almost
exactly the same thing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
amendment will be read.
Mr. STEWART. I object. I demand the
regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
laid this before the Senate by general consent,
but if the Senator objects, the Chair will with-
draw it for the present.
Mr. HOWE. There is a report from a
conference committee which I desire to pre-
sent.
Mr. POMEROY. While the clerks are
looking for the pending bill, I will make a
personal explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas desires to make a personal
explanation. The Chair hears no objection.
