1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3513
books and maps, works of art. and especially
books of reference that cannot be had except
at great expense. Now, these men are to be
numbered by thousands and tens of thousands.
They are among the most deserving men of
the country, from whom it is to derive here-
after its men of capacity, of power, of skill and
patriotic spirit. They are men who come up
from the ranks of the people, with none of the
adventitious aids of fortune, and they require
such books at the lowest possible rates. Why
should they not receive the benefits of any
abolition of duties, any free list, which may
be accorded to professors or tutors in acad-
emies or collegiate institutions? There can be
no necessity or justice in this unwise discrim-
ination, and I trust some more general and
just rule of assessment may be applied to this
question.
Now, while I would be glad if I could do so
in justice to others to agree to the proposition
of my colleague, I think it would be better to
put the duty at ton or fifteen per cent, ad
valorem. My idea on this subject of duties is
that they should be ranged as low as possible
without bringing injury or disaster upon par-
ties engaged in legitimate business pursuits.
I think the judgment of the Committee of the
Whole should be directed to that single point
to obtain the lowest possible duty, without
seriously impairing the interests to be affected
by it. And as this amendment touches the
sources of instruction and general intelligence,
it should be made as free as it can possibly
be with this view of the question-
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STORM. I desire to add but one word
in favor of the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to put books on
the free list. 1 believe the bill of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means putting the duty
on books at twelve and a half centia pound is
actually an increase on the present rate of
duty, the present rate being twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem,. 1 think this bill proposes
an increase of about five per cent, upon the
present duty.
If there is anything in the tariff schedule
of a country that boasts of lVee schools that
should be free of duty, it is school-books.
As has been well said, this duty is a tax upon
intelligence, and if there is anything on earth
' in which there should be a free exchange it
is in ideas. Therefore I shall support with
pleasure the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana [Air. flouu.il] to put books on
the free list.
I object to the present bill because it im-
poses a specific duty. It compels the poor
man to pay as much for the plain common-
school books out of which his childten are to
acquire the rudiments of an education as it
does the lich man for his elegantly embossed
and illustrated editions ot Shakspeare and
Tennyson. The student in indigent circum-
stances in the pursuit of a classical education
must pay for the ancient masters (the best edi-
tions of which are published m Germany and
England) as much as the rich man who buys a
gili-edge morocco-bound edition of Goethe.
It taxes the German books, the demand for
which is grpatly on the increase in this coun-
try, books that cannot be profitably published
hero, twenty five per cent. This tax on books
mocks justice and fairness. It taxes our holy
Bible. Some gentlemen here are not satis-
fied in monopolizing the manutacture and trade
of the country, but would close up the sources
of knowledge and shut out the light of heaven
itself 1
I am surprised that my colleague on the
Committee on Education and Labor [Mr.
Hoar] should have moved to put books, maps,
and etiarts, used by colleges and the^ higher
institutions of learning, on the free list, and
not say one word for the "people's college,
our common schools. The distinction is one
unworthy of my accomplished and educated
friead.
Mr. HO AR. I am opposed to a distinction
in favor of colleges and against the free schools
ot the country.
Mr. S10RM. I am glad to hear it, but you
have made the distinction in your amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that there is
any use in my raising my voice here in the
effort to secure to the people of this country
the full enjoyment of their labor. For a little
while the gentlemen on this side of the House
admit that it is a proposition worthy of con-
sideration, and then'they abandon it. Now
take this proposition; here is a naked prop-
osition to compel everybody who wishes to get
a book printed to go abroad and get it print-
ed. It is a proposition to crush out every
publishing house in this country, and to make
books free. It is a proposition to destroy ali
the work of printers outside of the publication
of newspapers in this country. The making
of American books must cease if this propo-
sition should be adopted. If there is anything
to my mind that is humiliating, it is the idea
that when my distinguished friend in front of
me here [Mr. Cox] wanted to publish his book
he found it for his pecuniary interest to go to
England and have it printed there.
Mr. COX. I found I could get my book
printed cheaper in London than 1 could here.
Mr. DAWES. Yes; that is what I said.
Now do not interrupt me. The gentleman
found it for his pecuniary interest, under the
present tariff of an ad valorem duly, to take
his book to England and have it printed there,
to have the work all done there, to have the
paper all bought there, to have the binding all
done there, and then bring his book back
here and pay the duty on it, because he could
do it cheaper there than he could do it here.
The proposition now is to allow all books
to' be brought in here free of duty, and
tbei'eby shut up every publishing house in
this country. Hie present duty has had the
effect of stopping the publication in tins
country of books i'or children. There is not a
house in the United States now engaged in
publishing American books for children. Al-
most every book designed for children which
is now-a-days purchased in the bookstore, is
printed in England, and informs them about
"my lord" and "my lady," and the various
institutions of monarchy. Productions of this
kind have crowded out of the market those of
American publishers.
Now l«t me say a word about this ad valorem
proposition. Take a book ®f two volumes,
each volume about the size of that I hold iu
my hand,[a duodecimo.] The American pub-
lisher may be willing to publish it, but the
Englishman sends in hero the first volume
which he offers to sells at half' the price at
which an American publisher can sell it. Of
course the publication in America is at once
prevented. The first volume as published in
England is distributed all over the country,
and when that has been circulated, the British
publisher puts a double price on the second
volume. In order to procure the second vol-
ume the reader must pay on that all that he
has saved by pin chasing the first volume at a
low price. Hence, the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana is practically a prop-
osition to stop the publication of books in
America. I have a little pride in American
books and American book-publishing estab-
lishments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have too much pride m
my country to consent that the sources of intel-
ligence shall be subjected to any taxation
whatever.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend thinks that when
he has stopped the publishing of books in this
country he will make the introduction of foreign
books any cheaper, I am sorry for his want of
experience and observation. The moment he
shall succeed in crushing the publishing houses
of this country, the price of books from abroad
will be put at just exactly what the cupidity of
the foreign book-seller may choose. Thus we
educate the minds of our children upon foreign
aliment, instead of American thought, Ameri-
can feeling, and American patriotism. That
is the reason I regret to see my friend from
Indiana taking this position. And it is morti-
fying to see an Englishman sitting upon this
floor,
" Squat like a toad, oloso at tho ear of Eve."
whispering in the earsof membersofthe House
that he may have the privilege of going to
England and purchasing his paper or getting
his publications printed in England. Sir, I
have no sort of sympathy with any such
thing, even if I stand here alone upon this
floor. Before taking ray seat, I will say that
the amendment offered by my colleague [Mr.
Hoar] is necessary, because otherwise we
should repeal the existing law.
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Chairman, after listen-
ing to the patriotic and eloquent remarks of
the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I rise to enter my protest
against this mockery of statesmanship in
tinkering with the tariff at tho present time,
and^ against the manner in which it is done.
It must be evident to the understanding of
every member on this floor that the tariff is
not the most pressing question before Con-
gress at the present time. There are others,
the internal taxes, which should engage more
prominently the deliberations of Congress.
The apparent indifference all over the country
to the eloquent efforts on this question which
have emanated from gentlemen on both sides,
the apathy of members upon tho floor, the
frequent roll-calls to obtain a quorum when
the most important provisions of the bill are
pending, indicate to my mind the futility of
the whole proceeding. It is very evident, sir,
that, any effort at the present moment to un-
settle the values of the country will be per-
nicious and fruitless of the results desired by
the true friends of American industries.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
What is the question before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. There are three amend-
ments pending. The first to be voted on will
be that of the gentleman from Masi-aclmsens,
[Mr. Hoak.] The amendment of the gen tie-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kkuii] proposing to
strike out "twelve and a hall'" and insert "ten"
is not strictly in order, becaui-c it is not -an
amendment to the one reported by the genilo-
man from Massachusetts. The question on the
motion to strike out, made by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. llooux] will come last.
Mr. NEGLKY. Mr. Chairman, I was about
to state that the difference of opinion upon this
floor, both among the members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and oilier mem-
bers of the House, indicates that they do not
agree, and do not understand the provisions
of tho bill. Tho expressions of opinion
throughout the country prove conclusively
that if this bill becomes a law, it will be con-
sidered the great "Dolly Varden " tariff bill
ot'the Forty-Second Congress, [laughter;] and
when the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] who sollo voce says that it is a good
name, and hereafter prostrates himself at the
feet of tho great champion of protection, Mr.
Greeley, and surrenders the frec-tiade prin-
ciples of his party in behalf of a cause to which
I am devoted, I will shake hands with him and
we shall no longer differ as to the fact that the
protection of American industry is at least
intelligent and respectable, and that good
wages and steady employment stimulate all
the agencies whereby our fields of wheat, corn,
and cotton, and our mines of coal, iron, cop-
per, lead, and precious metals yield their
harvests and treasures to augment the power
and wealth ofthe nation.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH rose.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
Mr. COX. One word only and 1 will quit.
Mr. DAWES. Let us vote on this, first.
Mr Hoar's amendment was then adopted.
