1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
the circumstances that surround the parties who
made it. Certainly tne Constitution of tho United
St.iU'3 mutt be construed upon the same principle,
and when we are considering a doubtful question,
the whole ioniser history of the country, the l)eo-
laration of Independence, the writings ot Washing-
ton ami of Jefferson and of Madison, the writings
in the Federalist—everything that pertained to that
day and gives color and tone to the Constitution,
must be considered."
Plainly, here is an improvement. There is
no derision here. The truths of the Declaration
are no longer " the generalities of that revolu-
tionary pronunciamento."
Mr. CAKPENTER. Oh yes, it is; I stand
by that.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator stands by
that. Very well.
Mr. CARPENTER. I glory in it. I glory
in all the history of that revolutionary period,
our revolutionary fathers, our revolutionary
war. It is the Revolution that I make my stand
upon.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, as the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] remarks, the Sena-
tor should give some effect to what he glories
in. I hope he will not take it all out in glory.
I hope he will see that a little of it is trans-
fused into human rights.
Mr. CAIIPEN l'Kli. All that is consistent
with the express provisions of the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall come to that. The
point is that the Senator treat3 the Declaration
of Independence asnobetter than the writings
of Washington, of Jefferson, of Madison, the
Federalist, ami everything that pertains to that
day. 11 is only part and parcel of the contem-
porary history, of no special consequence, no
binding character, not supreme, but only one
of the authoiities, or at least one of the wit-
nesses by which we are to read the Constitu-
tion. Sir, is it so regarded by Congress, or
at least is it so regarded by the committee
of this body under whose direction is printed
what is known ikniiliaily as the Constitution,
Rules, and Manual?'1 Here is the little vol-
ume to which we daily turn. I find that the
first document is the Declaration of Independ-
ence, preceding the Constitution. Sir. it pre-
cedes the Constitution in time as it is more
elevated in character. The Constitution is a
machine, great, mighty, beneficent. The Dec-
laration supplies the principles giving charac-
ter and motion to the machine. The Consti-
tution is an earthly body, if you please ; the
Decimation is the soul. Ihe power? under
the Constitution are no more than the hand
to the body ; the Declaration is the very soul
itself. But the Senatordoes not see it so. He
sees it as no b'-tter than a letter of Jefferson
or Madison, or as some other contemporary
incident which may help us in finding tho
meaning of the Constitution. I think the Sen-
ator will not, encounter many ieady to place
themselves in the isolation he adopts. It was
not so regarded by the historian who has de-
scribed it with mote power and brilliancy than
any < tlier, Mr, Bancroft.. After setting forth
what it contained, lie says :
"This immortal State paper, which for its com-
poser was the aurora of enduring fame, was 'the
genuine effusion of the soul of the country at. that
tune,' the revelation of us mind, when in usyouth,
its enthuMasni. ltt. sublime eonfionting of danger,
it row to the highest eie.mve powers ot which man
isc;i|i:iblo. Tho bill of rights which it promulgates
i* ot lights that ate older than human institutions,
and spring from tho eternal justice that is anterior
to the btate,''
Then, again, the eloquent historian says :
"The heart of Jefferson in writing the Declara-
tion, and of Congress 111 adopting it. beat for all
humanity,' the assertion of* right was uniue for the
entire world ot mankind and all coming generations.
Without any exception whatever, i'or tho proposi-
tion v hieh admits of exceptions can never be selt-
e\ ideut."
How different is this froin the letters and
writings with which it is associated by the
Senator! The historian proceeds:
"Of universal principle-! enough is repeated to
prove that Ameiica. cho-e tor her own that system
of politics which recognises the yule of eternal jus-
and independence is vindicated bytheappn-
uation of that rule to the grievous instructions, laws.
and aots proceeding from the king in the escreise of
his prerogative, or in concurrence with the Lords
and Commons of Great Uritain."
The vivid presentment of this State paper,
iu its commanding character, like an ordinance
for mankind, above all other contemporary
things, shows its association with our great
national anniversary.
"The nation, when it made the choice of a day
for its great anniversary, selected not the day of the
resolution of independence, when it closed the past,
but that of the declaration of principles on which it
opened its new career."
Shall I remind yon, sir, of that famous let-
ter by John Adams to his wife written on the
historic day? He tells her in words quoted
annually with pride, this day forevermore will
be celebrated with rejoicings of all kinds, with
the ringing of bells in the morning, with the
firing of cannon, with orations, and every ex-
pression of satisfaction and gratitude. And
yet that Declaration annually celebrated, placed
on the forefront of our statute-book, placed in
the forefront of the rules for our guidance in
this Chamber, that triumphant Magna Charta
is to be treated as " the generalities of a rev-
olutionary pronunciamento," or at best as of
no more value than the letter of a contempo-
rary statesman. Sir, the Senator misconceives
the case, and there, allow me to say to him, is
his error.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to say that
I did not say any such thing; but that is prob-
ably immaterial.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senator a right
to say so to me?
Mr. CARPENTER. I certainly have a
righ to say that I did not say that.
Mr. SUMNER, If the Senator rises to
interrupt me 
Mr. CARPENTER. If you will allow me.
Mr. SUMNER. I allow the Senator any-
thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Massachusetts yield?
Mr. CARPENTER. He says he will allow
me to do anything, which I suppose will allow
me to make a remark The Senator under-
stood me to say, at least I said, in construing
the Constitution you must undoubtedly look
to the Declaration of Independence as you
must look to all the contemporary history of
that day. Did I say there was no difference
iu the different documents? Did I say that
no more importance was to be attached to the
Declaration of Independence than to a letter
of Madison or Washington? No, sir, I said
no such thing.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator
shall speak for himself. He has spoken now,
and you shall hear what he said before :
" Certainly the Constitution of the United States
must be construed upon the same principle.
That is, as a contract entered into between
two individuals,
"And when we are considering"—
What?—
"a doubtful question, the whole former history of
the country, the Declaration of Independence, the
writing.-* of Washington and of Jefferson and of
Madison, the writings in the Federalist, everything
that pertained to that day and gives color and tone
to the Constitution must be con^dered."
I am happy in any word of respect the Sen-
ator vouchsafes for the Declaration. I am
happy in it because the claim of equal rights
stand's on the Constitution interpreted by the
■ Declaration of Independence.
This brings me again to the main question.
We have the Constitution from the preamble
to the signature ot' George Washington, and
then we have our recent amendments, alt to be
interpreted by the Declaration, which says:
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
men arc created equal; that they are enuoffc i bj
their Creator with certain inalienable lights:,that
among those are lite, liberty, and. the pursuit 01
hamuiie^.''
Unquestionably the Constitution supplies the
machinery by which those great rights are
maintained. I say it supplies the machinery;
but I insist against the Senator, and against
all others, that every word in the Constitution
must be interpreted by these primal, self-evi-
dent truths; not merely in a case that is doubt-
ful, as the Senator says, but constantly and
always, so that the two shall perpetually go to-
gether, as the complement of each other; but
the Declaration has a supremacy grander than
that of the Constitution, more sacred and
inviolable, for it gives the law to the Consti-
tution itself. Every word in the Constitution
is subordinate to the Declaration.
Before the war, when slavery prevailed, the
rule was otherwise, naturally, but as I have
already said, the grandest victory of the war
was the establishmentof the new rule by which
the Declaration beeame supreme as interpreter
of the Constitution. Take, therefore, any
phrase in the Constitution. lake any power,
aud you are to bring it all in subordination to
those lofty primal truths. Every power is
but the agent by which they are to be main-
tained; aud when you come to those several
specific powers abolishing slavery, defining
citizenship, securing citizens iu their privi-
leges and immunities, guarding them against
any denial of the equal protection of the laws,
and then again securing them in the right to
vote, every one of those safeguards must be
interpreted so as best to maintain equal rights.
Such I assert to be constitutional law.
Sir, I cannot see it otherwise. I cannot see
this mighty Magna Charta degraded to the level
of a casual letter or an item of history. Why,
sir, it is the baptismal vow of this Republic ;
it is the pledge which our fathers took upon
their lips when they asked the fellowship of
mankind as a free and independent nation.
It is loftier than the Constitution, which is a
convenience only, while this is a guide. Let
no one smile, when it is invoked. Our fathers
did riot smile on the great day. it was with
them an earnest word which opened the way
to victory and to that welcome in the human
family with which our nation has been blest.
Without these words what would have been
our Declaration? How small! Simply a dis-
solution of the tie between the colonies and
the mother country; a cutting of the cord;
that is all. Ah! it was something grander,
nobler. It was the promulgation of primal
truths not only for the good of our own people,
but for the good of all mankind. Those truths
can never die. It is for us to see that they are
recognized without delay in the administration
of our own Government.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I had
no thought of participating further in this
debate; and it so happens that 1 am in a con-
dition of health to day rendering it very un-
comfortable for me to speak at all. But I
am determined that whatever the Senator front
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] may reproach
me with, he shall never be able to taunt me by
saying, '• I have piped unto you, and you have
not danced." As often as that Senator calls
upon me I shall pay my respects to him.
The speech of t]ie Senator to-day has been
a most remarkable performance. I entered
| on this discussion following his banner. 1
I have always favored the principles ot his
' amendment. Before the recess I declared
that 1 would not vote for the amnesty bill
unless it should contain a provision securing
the rights of the colored meo of the South.
On a former occasion, while this bill was
under debate, I went to that Senator in a
friendlv way, and pointed out to him the diffi-
culties I experienced in regard to two proyis-
, ions of his amendment; one, the provi.don
! relating to churches: the other, that which
j prescribed qualifications for jurors in State
j courts. I stated to him that 1 desired to sup-
| port his amendment, and requested him to
| consider whether he could not modify his
I amendment in these respects. We had sey-
j eral interviews upon the subject, and he finally
i determined that he could not. \et'yweil; the
1 Senator had a perfect right so to conclude }
