1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d
made the proper entries, filed the bonds, and
otherwise complied with all the requirements
of the law and regulations as herein pro-
vided, the collector shall issue to him a per-
mit for the removal, said permit accurately
describing the tobacco, snuff, and cigars to be
shipped, the number and kind of packages,
the number of pounds, the amount of tax, the
marks and brands, the State and collection
district from which the same are shipped,
and the number of the manufactory and the
manufacturer's name, together with the port
from which the said tobacco, snuff, and cigars
are to be exported, and the route or routes over
which the same are to be sent to the port of
shipment, andthe nameof the vessel or line by
which they are to be conveyed to the foreign
port. The bonds required to be given for the
exportation of the tobacco, snuff, and cigars
shall be cancelled upon the presentation of the
proper certificates that said tobacco, snuff, and
cigars have been landed at any port without
the jurisdiction of the United States, or upon
satisfactory proof that after shipment the same
were lost at sea."
That section seventy-four be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof the following, to wit:
'• That from and after the date on which- this
act takes effect there shall be an allowance of
drawback on tobacco, snuff, and cigars on
which the internal tax has been paid by suit-
able revenue stamps affixed to the same before
removal from the place of manufacture, when
the same are exported, equal in amount to the
value of the stamps fouud to have been so
affixed, the evidence that the stamps were so
affixed, and the amount of tax so paid, and
of the subsequent exportation of the said
tobacco, snuff, and cigars, to be ascertained
under such rules and regulations as shall be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue and approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury. Any sum or sums found to be due
under the provisions of this section shall be
paid by the warrant of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the Treasurer of the United
States, out of any money arising from internal
duties not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
That no claim for an allowance of drawback
shall be entertained or allowed for a sum less
than fifty dollars, nor except upon evidence
satisfactory to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue that the stamps affixed to the tobacco,
snuff, or cigars alleged to have been exported
were totally destroyed before the shipment
thereof, and that the same have been lauded
in a foreign country or lost at sea. and have
not been relanded within the limits of the
United States. AH tobacco and snuff now-
stored in any export bonded warehouse shall,
on and after July first, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, bo subject to the same tax as is
provided by this act, and shall, within six
mouths after the passage of this act, he with-
drawn from such warehouse upon payment of
the tax, or for export under the regulations
of the Commissioner of Internal 1-levenue now
iu force concerning withdrawals of tobacco
and snuff from bonded warehouses. And any
tobacco or snuff remaining in any export
bonded warehouse for a period of more than
six mouths after the passage of this act shall
he forfeited to the United States, and shall be
sold or disposed of for the beneiii of the same
in such manner as shall be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue under the
direction of the Secretary ot the Treasury.''
That section eighty-nuic be amended by
iusertiug in the last sentence after the words
'' false or fraudulent or counterfeit stamp
the following words: " or who shall affix to
anv box containing cigars a stamp in the simil-
itude 01 likeness of any stamp required to be
Ustd by the laws of the United States, whether
the same shall be a customs or internal reve-
nue stamp; or who shall buy, receive, or have
in his possession any cigars on which the tax
to which they are liable has not been paid."
That section one hundred be amended by
adding thereto the following words: " and
every collector of internal revenue from whose
district any distilled spirits, tobacco, snuff, or
cigars shall be shipped in bond, under the
provisions of this act, shall render a monthly
account of the same to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, showing the amount of
each article produced and shipped in bond,
the amounts of which the exportation is com-
pleted according to law, and the amount re-
maining unaccounted for at the end of each
month; also any excesses or deficiencies on
the amounts originally reported as shipped."
Sec. 32 That any person, firm, company,
or corporation who shall exercise or carry on
the business of a manufacturer of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, dealer in manufactured to-
bacco, dealer in leaf tobacco, or retail dealer
in leaf tobacco, without having paid a special
tax therefor, as provided by law, shall, besides
being liable to thepaymentof the tax, on con-
viction, be fined not more than five hundred
dollars, or to be imprisoned for a term of not
more than one year, or both, at the discretion
of the court.
Sec. 33. That whenever any stamped box
containing cigars, cheroots, or cigarettes, shall
be emptied, it shall be the duty of the person
in whose hands the same may be to destroy
utterly the stamp or stamps thereon. And
any person who shall wilfully neglect or refuse
so to do shall, for each such offence, on con-
viction, be fined not exceeding fifty dollars
and imprisoned not less than ten days nor
more than six months. And any person who
shall fraudulently give away or accept from
another, or who shall sell, buy, or use for
packiug cigars, cheroots, or eiearett.es, any
such stamped box, shall for each such offence,
on conviction, be fined not exceeding one
hundred dollars and be imprisoned not more
than one year.
Sec. 34. That section onehundred and sixty-
nine of the act of June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, as amended by the act
of July thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, be amended by striking out the proviso at
the end thereof.
Sec. 35. That so much of section ninety-
four of the act entitled I-An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and all acts
and parts of acts amendatory of said section,
as impose a tax on gas. made of coal wholly
or in part, or of any other material, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 36. That on and after the first day of
October, eighteen huudred and seventy-two,
all the taxes imposed by stamps under and by
virtue of schedule B of section one huudred
and seventj' of the act approved June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and the sev-
eral acts amendatory thereof, be, and the
same aie heiehy repealed, excepting only the
tax of two cents on bank checks, drafts, or
orders: l*rovi<led, That, where any mortgage
has been executed and recorded, or may be
executed and recorded, before the first day of
October, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, to secure the payment of bonds
or obligations that may be made and issued
from time to time, auJ such mortgage not
being stamped, all such bonds or obligations
so made and issued on or alter the said first
day of October, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, shall not be subject to
any stamp duty, but only such of their bonds
or obligations as may have been made and
issued before the da}' last aforesaid: And
provided further, That in the mean time the
holder of any instrument of writing of what-
ever kind and description which has been
made or issued without being duly stamped,
or with a defunct [deficient] stamp, may make
application to any collector of internal reve-
nue, and that upon such application such col-
lector shall ^hereupon affix the stamp provided
by such holder upon such instrument of writ-
ing as [is] required by law to be put upon the
same, and subject to the provisions of section
one hundred and fifty-eight of the internal
revenue laws. .
Sec. 37. That the taxes imposed by section
one hundred and ten of the act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the- public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, as
amended by section nine of the act of July
thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, to
reduce internal taxation and to amend the act
aforesaid and acts amendatory thereof, upon
the deposits, capital, and circulation of banks,
or persons, associations, companies, or cor-
porations engaged in the business of banking,
shall hereafter be paid semi-annually, on the
first day of January and the first day of July;
but the same shall be calculated at the rate
per month as prescribed by said section, so
that the tax for six months shall not be less
than the aggregate would be if the said taxes
were collected monthly, as prescribed by said
section. And the words " capital employed,"
in said section, shall not include money bor-
rowed or received from day to day, in the
usual course of business, from any person not
a partner of or interested in the said bank,
association, or firm. And the exemption from
tax, authorized by said section, of deposits
of less than five hundred dollars, made in the
name of one person, in associations or com-
panies known as provident institutions, sav-
ings banks, savings funds, or savings insti-
tutions, is hereby extended to deposits -so
made of not exceeding two thousand dollars.
Sec. 38. That the purposes of a charitable
character mentioned in section twenty-seven
of the act of July fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, are intended, and are hereby
construed, to include all devises and legacies
to associations, trustees, societies, and corpora-
tions established or carried on for any benevo-
lent, religious, or charitable object without a
view to pecuniary profit.
Sec. 39. That so much of section one hun-
dred and seventy-nine of the act of July thir-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, as
provides for moieties to informers be, and the
same is hereby, repealed ; and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, is hereby
authorized to pay such sums, not exceeding
in the aggregate the amount appropriated
therefor, as may, in his judgment, be deemed
necessary for detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons guilty of violating the
internal revenue laws, or conniving at the
same, in oases where such expenses are not
otherwise provided for by law; and for this
purpose there is hereby appropriated one hun-
dred thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. i(). That section sixty-three of the act
approved July thirteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, entitled " An act to reduce in-
ternal taxation, and to amend an act entitled
' An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay intere'st on the public
debt, and for other purposes,' approved June
thirtieth, eighteen huudred and sixty-four, aud
acts ameudatory thereof," be amended by
striking out the words " three hundred " where
ever tbey occur therein, aud inserting in lieu
thereof the words " five hundred;" and by
striking out the words " under any of the pro-
