1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2617
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have a count.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from New York insists on it strictly it would
be the duty of the Chair to order a call of the
Senate. The Chair was about to pat the ques-
tion again and test in that way the presence
of a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On what question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion of adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
determine whether there is a quorum of the
Senate present. Those in favor of adjourn-
ment will rise and stand until counted.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 3, noes 38.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
quorum present; and the Senate refuses to
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Now let us vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The. honorable Senator
from New York has got so hungry for his tea
and coffee, which he lost this morning by an
unhappy accident, it having been run over by
a railroad, that, he cannot allow me to make a
little amendment to this bill, [laughter;] but
I assure him 
Mr. CONIiLING. I am willing the Sen-
ator shall m.tke an amendment to anything,
if it is a real one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will propose one.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. If you propose a suit-
able one 1 will vote for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To be serious, I think
there is an amendment of one word that ought
t.o be made on page 3, which the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not object to, and which I
understood the gentleman in charge of the bill
not to object to.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an amendment
pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Pres-
ident, the amendment offered by the Senator
from Louisiana is, I believe, the third or
fourth amendment he has given notice of in
the last ten days.
Mr. KELLOGG. The second.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I did not see
the last one until a few minutes ago. His first
amendment proposed to require the Texas
Pacific railroad to extend its line to the town
of Shreveport, to make its principal depot at
the town of Shreveport, on the Red river. He
modified that subsequently, and has modified
it a third time, I think. Now he says that he
does not propose at all to move the terminus
of the road, but to leave that at or near Mar-
shall, where it was originally located, but he
requires the company to construct a new road
or operate one already in existence of the same
gauge to the town of Shreveport, thereby leav-
ing Texas the empty terminus on paper, when
the freight and cars and everything else go on
to Shreveport.
The State of Louisiana is very competent
to charter a road from Shreveport to the
Texas line where this terminus is. Texas
has spent a good deal of money, and a good
deal of time and feels some anxiety in keep-
ing that terminus in her own limits. I want
to say to the Senator from Louisiana that the
coolness of the proposition almost takes *ny
breath away. [Laughter.] New Orleans is
languishing; it is losing its trade on every
side ; the enterprise of Missouri, of lexas,
of Tennessee, and of all the surrounding
States pretty nearly has captured her trade
in every direction. Her warehouses are empty ;
her wharves are empty ; and they depend now
upon the energy and the skill of their repre-
sentatives to try to eke out an existence after
they have lost their trade by supineneas and
indolence.
Half the trade that has been supporting
New Orleans for the last twenty years has
been cut off within the last eighteen months;
and a good "deal more of it will be cut off when
this road is finished and connection is made
between Galveston and St. Louis. That the
Senator understands very well; and now he is
trying to get the terminus of this road moved
up to Red river; and by the way, Shreveport
is not the head of navigation of the Red river.
The navigation is nearly as good to Jefferson,
above it, as it is to Shreveport, and I think it
is better. I propose to lay his amendment on
the table. I can do that, I think, without
carrying the whole bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. You cannot do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion,
if it prevails, would carry the bill with it. The
rule as to laying amendments on the table
applies to appropriation bills merely. Does
the Senator from Texas persist in his motion?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I withdraw
it if it carries the bill with it. I do not desire
to do that.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am very much sur-
prised that my friend from Texas does not
want to lay the bill itself on the table. He
fought the original Texas Pacific bill with all
his might from the beginning. He does not
want any railroads in Texas, or for that mat-
ter apparently any other improvement. He
fought the original bill when I introduced it
three years ago ; he has fought it ever since,
and I expected him to fight this amendment.
Now, Mr. President, he frankly admits the
whole object of his opposition to this amend-
ment to be that it may destroy a connection
with New Orleans, and, of course, with all
the Gulf States. There is the difficulty.
The Senator says the trade of New Orleans
is languishing, that our warehouses are empty,
&c. Sir, out of deference to Senators who
are wearied with a long debate, and because
1 think the Senator from Texas has really,
though of course unintentionally, made an
effective argument in favorot this amendment.,
I will refrain from replying to him. as I might
with great propriety. Some arguments are
best answered by silence, by leaving them to
the candid judgment of Senators. I cannot
refrain, however, from saying that I scarcely
expected the Senator to say what he has re-
garding the chief city of the South, and which,
1 beg to say, is incorrect, but of a State closely
connected with his own State by almost every
bond of interest, commercial and otherwise.
I am appealing on behalf of the interest of his
State as well as that of my own. Sir, if New
Orleans can only get what«(ie has a right to
expect, what she is justly entitled to, there will
very soon be no empty warehouses there, and
those heretofore empty have been made so in
great measure for want of the very facilities
some of which are contemplated by this amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Allow me to
interrupt the Senator. I ask the Senator if
the original charter of the Texas Pacific com-
pany does not authorize them to connect from
New Orleans by way of Vicksburg with the
road at Marshall ?
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Yes, sir; it
does. Look at the law and you will see.
Mr. KELLOGG. My friend means to in-
quire if it does not allow us to connect by way
of Shreveport. Vicksburg is on the Mississippi
river." Shreveport is two hundred miles west,
on Red river. That is a little mistake, ho w-
ever. The original charter provides that the
New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg
railroad, a company incorporated under the
laws of the State ot Louisiana, may connect
with the eastern terminus of the road. But that
is the point which has been under discussion for
the past two hours, and whether Congress could
give to a company chartered by a State Legis--
lature the right to run overinto another State.
We do not claim that; and the original
charter ot the New Orieans? Vicksburg,
Baton Rouge. Railroad Company provides that
it shall run to Shreveport, thus leaving it with
a link of some forty miles between the term-
inus of that road, as provided by its charter,
and the eastern terminus of the road incorpo-
rated under the Texas Pacific act, with five feet
gauge road between and no power to prevent
unjust discrimination, not only against that
road, but all others radiating from thence.
Now, I aslt a vote upon this amendment.
It is reported after discussion by our com-
mittee on several occasions and with great
unauimity. The Senator from Texas refers
to some alterations made by me. It is true I
have made some alterations in order to, if
possible, obviate his objections; but I find it
is impossible to do this. I put the proviso
upon it to satisfy him, providing expressly
that nothing in the act shall be construed as
changing the terminus. He now comes in and
opposes it, saying it does really change the
terminus. Well, it it does, I submit it ought to.
Mr. President, I only desire to say again, in
conclusion, that the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, after careful consideration, author-
ized me to report this amendment, and I ask
in common justice to the section of couutry
that I in part represent that it be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas '26, navs 13 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Caldwell,
Carpenter. Caiserly. Clayton. Cooper, Corbctt, Perry
of Michigan, Hill, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy. Kiei-, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Siiwyer, Soott, Spencer, Stowart. Stockton, and
\Vcst—26.
NAYS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cole, Conk-
linec, Edmunds, Frflinghuy^en, Hamilton 01 Texas,
Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Thur-
uian. and Tipton—13. _ „ .
ABSENT—Messrs.Alcorn,Ames, IWvnlow,Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky. Davis
of W est Virginia, Fen ton, Ferry of Connecticut, r lan-
agan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton ot Maryland,
liamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Nor-
wood Nye, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, bchurz, bherman,
Surasue, Ktevonson, Suinner, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORLULL, of Vermont. I offer an
amendment to come in on page 3, section
four. I will state that this bill seems to pro-
vide for an *eudless amount of arrangement
and consolidation, and I suppose purchase of
other roads. I want to have a provision in
that after they have made all these arrange-
ments and consolidations they shall not sell
out to any other party. I offer an amendment
to effect that purpose to insert at the end of
section four the following :
And it shall not bo lawful for said railroad com-
pany to sell, transfer, or assign any of the rights or
privileges conferred by this &ct or the &ct to which
it is supplementary.
The amendment was not agreed to ; there
being, on a division—ayes 7, noes 35.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following^ amend-
ment to come in as an additional section .-
That the time for the completion of the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad, s .s prescribed in the aetot Con-
gress of July 27, 18G6, is hereby extended three
years; and the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall not be required to construct its road be-
yond the town ol Vinita, in the Indiau territory, at
the rate of fifty miles per year: Provuled,, Xhat the
entire road shall bo completed through to the Pacific
coast within the period prescribed by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that explained to know what it means.
Mr. SCOTT. That is a proposition which
has been referred to the Committee on tha
Pacific Railroad, and if my recollection is
right it is under consideration there ; it has
not been reported, and I hope that it will not
be adopted for that reason.
Mr. STEWABT. It has been reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has it to do with
this bill? . „
Mr. SCOTT. It is an entirely different
subject, connected with a diflerent road in a
different part of the country, and I hope it
. will not be attached to this bill.
