4410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. POMEUOY. My attention has been
called to several notices in the papers about
my ruling in the chair yesterday on an amend-
ment to the sundry civil appropriation bill.
I simply desire to say that the ruling to which
they refer was not made by me at all. I do
cot object to it; but still I do not want the
credit of it, if there is any credit attaching
to it, when it does not belong to me. I was
not in the chair. I -was not the man at all.
REPORT OF SOUTHERN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference. I have had
the floxn* three times to make it, but have
been taken off in some way.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Chair
will receive the report.
The Chief Cleric read the report as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 2582) making appropri-
ations for tho payment of claims reported allowed
by the commissioners of claims underthe act of Con-
gress of March 3,1871, alter full and free conference
thereon, do recommend to their respective Houses
'as follows:
They recommend that the House rocode from its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate in
line ten on page 2; lines f'ourand five on page 3; lino
sixteen on page 4; line seventeen on page 4; and
lines seven and eight on page 8.
They recommend that the Senate recede from
its amendment striking outline twenty-seven on
page U.
T. 0. HOWE,
JOHN SCOTT,
Manager* on the, part of the Senate.
AUSTIN BLAIR,
C. W. BUCKLEi",
W. S. ILuLMAN,
Managers on tin-, part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. There ivS a resolution accom-
panying that report which should be actcd
upon in connection with it.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Jic/tolnad, (the Senate concurring,) That in enroll-
ing the bill (JI. It. No. making appropriations
i'or the payment of chums reported allowed by the
commissioners of claims under the act of Congress
of March 3, 1871, an error in tho engrossment be
corrected by striking out the word "ono," in the
ollowuoco to A. Henry Ives, and inserting tho word
*' nine," as it passed tho House.
The PUK3IDEN i1 pro tempore. This is a
resolution to correct a clerical error.
Mr. 110VVill. Jt is simply to correct an
error in printing the Jlonse bill.
Mr. ED.\UJNDS. What is tho effect of it?
Mr. HOWE, it gives the man some nine
hundred dollars instead of one hundred dol-
lars.
The resolution was adopted.
OIIDKR OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regu-
lar order is now before the Senate, being the
railroad bill, and the question is on the amend-
ment reported by thy Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mn STEWART. That is a substitute fo
the bill. I ask that ir. be read.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill $o. 1125.
Mr. SAWYER. I object. I am very sorry
to do so, but this bill has taken so long that 1
think we ought to dispose of it iu some way
or other.
Mr. POMEROY, (after a pause.) If we
are to go on with the railroad bill, 1 wish we
could have it.
Mr. SCO IT. While the bill is being looked
for 1 take the opportunity of saying that while
I do not propose to oppose the bill, i express
the hope that il it is to be disposed of, it will
be disposed of soon, and not occupy the whole
evening, for the reason that I shall make the
effort to call up a bill which has been before
the Senate for two years and ought to be
passed, as a number of bills are hanging in
the House, and they will, not take action on
them until this general bi{| jg passed. If this
Railroad bill cannot be disposed of in the
course of half an hour, I shall make an effort'
to antagonize the bill to which I refer against
it.
Mr. COLE. I desire to make a report from
a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair will
receive it, if thete be no objection.
.FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. COLE submitted the following repoi't:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
SeDate to. the bill (II. R. No. 1G71) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works of
defense, having met, alter full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do rccommcnd to
their respective House?, as follows :
That the .Senate recede from their first and second
amendments to said bill.
C. COLE,
ROSCoK CONKLING,
J. W. STEVENSON
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
WM. K NiBLACK,
W. G. DON NAN.
GINERY TWICHELL,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
DISTRICT STRBKT ItAILItOAPS.
Mr. COLE. I have had control and charge
of the appropriation bills during the session,
and have been unable to do much that 1 ought
to have done or to dispose of bills that I have
had in my charge for which I am responsible,
and I now ask the courtesy of the Senate to
take up a hill.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the bill (II, R. No, 2247) giving
the approval and sanction of Congress to the
termini and route of the Anacostia and Po-
tomac railroad is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and the amendment
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, and in lieu of the matter stricken out to
insert:
That tho approval and sanction of Congress is
hereby piven to the construction, operation, and
maintenance of a street railroad by the Anacostia
and Potomne llivor Railroad Company, of Washing-
ton city, District of Columbia, a company duly
incorporated under the net ot Congress ot May
5, 1870, along, upon, and ovor the following route,
in the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
namely: commencing, (or the oastern terminus of
said road, at or no.ir the northern end o< the navy-
yard bridge, in the said city, on Eleventh street
east; thence upon and along said Eleventh street
east to M street south; thence upon and along said
M street south to Third strecteast; thenco upon and
along said Third street east to N street south:
thence upon and along said N street south to Water
street: thence upon uHd along said "Water street lo
Twellth street west; thence upon and along said
Twelfth street west to Ohio avenue; thence along
and upon said Ohio avenue to Fourteenth street
west; thence along and uponsnid fourteenth street
we^t to the western terminus of said road, at the
intersection ot Pennsylvania avenue and said Four-
teenth street west, conforming to the grades oi said
street« and avenue as the "-i me are now or uv y hei o-
nlter be established by law: And provided. That the
Metropolitan Railroad Company is hereby author-
ized to run its curs over such tracksaud rails a.-> may
he laid on Eleventh street, trom the navj-yard
bridge to M street south, by paying one half the
cost of laving said track and rails; and that the
same privilege, within tho said limits, and on tho
same conditions, be also granted to tho Anacostia
and Potomac River railroad, it tho Metropolitan
Railroad Company rh.ill be the fust to avail itself
or the privilege to build rim said poition oi the road
on said Eleventh street, within the said bpundaii^s.
Skc. '2. That iu the matter of laying Their tracks
and lurui«hingaecomtuodations for the public, each
company authorized to construct any new line by
this iict shall be under the control ot the .Board of
Public Works for tho District of Columbia; and
that they shall pave the tracks herein authorized
and the spaces betweon them, and lor the space of
two feet beyond the outer line thereof, and keep
the same iu good oider, without expense to the
United States or the District of Columbia, and that
said p iveuient shall be as prescribed by said Board
of Public Works; and that the rate ot fare to be
charged and received by said company shall not
exceed five cents a passenger for any distance be-
tween tne termini of said road : Provided, That the
Boundary and Silver Spring Railroad Company
may chaige a rate of fare not exceeding five cents a
passenger tor transportation iiom Boundary street
to Rock Creek CUmW* ten cents to Bright-
wood, and fifteen cents to the boundary of the Dis-
trict.
Sec. 3. That the sanction and approval of Congress
is hereby given to the construction of a street rail-
road from the northern boundary line of Georgetown
through lligh street to Fayette street; along said
street to Second .and Third streets, and along said
streets to High street, Weststreet. and 13eail street;
along Montgomery, Beull, and West streets, all in
said Georgetown, to and over the bridge at P street,
in the city of Washington; along P street to New
Jersey avenue; along said avenue to First street
west; along First street to the north lineof Penn-
sylvania avenue; also, along Connecticut avenue
from P street to L street; along L street to Tenth
street west; along said street to I street north;
along said street to Fifth street west; along said
street over the track of the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company on such terms as may be agreed upon
by the two companies, or, m case of failure to make
an agreement, on such terms as may be prescribed
by Congress, to Louisiana avenue; along said avenuo
to Sixth street west; along said street to the north
side of Pennsylvania avenue, by the incorporators,
named in the actof incorporation by the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia, ot the Union
Railroad Company: Provided, Tnat a majority of
the present stockholders shall, within twenty days
from the passage of this act, organize under the
general incorporation law approved May 6, 1870.
Sec. 4. That thcsanction and approval ot Congress
is hereby given to the construction of a street rail-
road from the northern boundary of the District of
Columbia, where the same is intersected by the road
generally known as the Seventh street road, along
and upon the said road to Boundary street, Wash-
ington citv; thence westwardly to Ninth street west,
in said Washington city; thence south upon said
Ninth street to 15 street north ; thonce enst along said
B street north to Sixth street west; thence along said
Sixth-trect west to Missouri avenue; thence along
said Missouri avenue to Four-and-a-half street west,
by the incorporators named in the act ot incorpora-
tion by the Legislative Assembly ot the District of
Columbia of the Boundary aud Silver Spring Rjiil-
road Company: J'lovidctl, That a majority of said in-
corporators shalI, within twenty days from the p ss-
age of this act, organize under the general incorpor-
ation law approved May 5, 1870: And provided
further. That the Metropolitan Railroad Company
of Washington, District of Columbia, may use that
portion of said road lying in the city of Washington,
upon such term* as may be agreed upon* Provided
alno, That the Boundary and Silver SpringR.ulroad
Company shall lay its track along theside ot, butnot
ovei, the macadamized portion ot Seventh street.
Sec. 5. Thatthe several railroad companies men-
tioned in this act, and any other railroad company
which has been or may be hereafter auihonzed,
shall be subject to all the conditions, requirements,
and responsibilities imposed upon the Metropolitan
Railroad Company and the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company, by the respective charters
of the said companies granted bv Congress.
Sec. 6. That the act approved March 3, 1865. enti-
tled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Company in
tho District of Columbia,' " be. and the same is
hereby, so amended as to confer upon the said com-
pany tho privilege of extending its railway along
East Capitol slreet from Ninth to Eleventh streets
east, and southwaid along said Eleventh street to
the bridge crossing the Anacostia river to Union-
town; and also to lay a single or double track Iroin
East Capitol street, along Seventh street east to B
street south, along snid street to Eleventh street
east; and also to extend its railway lrom the in'er-
section of IC street north and Connecticut avenue,
along said avenue to L street norrh. and along said
street by the most direct route to the intersect ion of
Bridge and Green or Montgomery streets, George-
town; thenco a long Montgomery street to Deal! street;
thence along Deall street 10 High street; thence afong
High street to Second street, thenco along Second
sireet to Fayette street; thence along Fayette street
to First street, Georgetown.
Sicc 7. That all right ot tne Metropolitan Railroad
Company to lay a r.ulway track on First street east
between A street north and East Capitol street, and
on East Capitol sT^ct between First and Second
htrcets e«i-t is hereby repealed . and in lieu thereof
the said company i  herebvnnthori7ed to lav -i cmglo
or double track along A street norrh between r.^t
and second streets ca&t, and along Second strecteast
between A street north and East Capitol s'reot:
Provided, That pa id East Capitol street shall bo
parked on each side and not in the middle thereof,
and the sidewalks const; acted outside I he park.
Sfc 8. That each of the roads' authorized by this
act shall consist of a single or a double track laid in
the most approved manner, with lint rpil, laid upon
an even surtaee with the pavement of the streets,
subject to the approval of the Secretary oi the In-
terior and the Board ot Public Works ot the Disti.ct
of Columbia; and s<iid company sball place h:-it-
class ears (to .be drawn bv horse-power) with all
modern improvements for the convenience and
comlort of passengers r Provided, 'lJiat the track of
tho Union railroad company along L sti eet shall be
a single track onlv, and that the roadway between
the parks along s.iid street shall not cxcecd m
width forty-five feet from curbstone to curbstone;
And providfd further. That neither the Metropolitan
nor Union Railroad Company .'•hall build any
road in the" cities of Washington and Georgetown
west of the Capitol until the said two companies
are consolidated so as to be operated as one road:
And provided (tho, That the road across P sireet
bridge shall be first constructed beforothe construe-
