3514
THE CONGrKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I should like to
say a word in favor of the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] I
have not been partial to any one interest in
fighting these tariff schemes. Shall I refrain
when the question is the free interchange of
commodities and intelligence between na-
tions? If we had a more enlarged exchange
of intelligence we would not be in the condi-
tion of thegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Negley,] who has just spoken. I am not re-
sponsible for his not understanding my posi-
tion. Of course his is solid—I will not say
sfolid—intelligence; so solid you cannot see
through it. [Laughter.]
I rose, however, for the purpose of saying
that the present rate of duty on books, which
is twenty-live per cent, ad valorem, demands
of an economical person, who would make his
book cheaply, to go abroad and to have most
of the work done abioad on his hook.
The gentleman irom Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] referred to a book which I published
in London. The rea>on for my so doing is
very plain. I found I could make that, book
cheaper in London than 1 could in New Yoik.
Who would not acton that principle? Piinting
is not pati sotistii j it is business. 1 did not have
the binding done in Loudon, as he has stated ;
but the paper was made there and the printing
done there. Substantially the book was made
theie and the binding done here. The duty
of twenty-five per cent, ad valorem, was im-
posed on the press work and the p.iper; or at
least th.it was tlu consi ruction of the custom-
house. By our general tauff on eveiything,
includ'ng paper and type; including even
proof-1 ending, in one sense, (for the tariff
enters into the business and family of all per-
sons engaged in making books.) books cannot
be made as cheaply here as there. The duties
swell ihe cost of a book in various ways, not
now to be discussed.
Mi. DAWi£S. Do you want everybody to
go theie to publish their books and not have
any book publishers here in the United States
at ail?
Mi. COX. The gentleman will see that my
remarks reach a little further than he sup-
poses. It is connected with the passage of a
copyright law. 1 want every author of every
nation 10 go wherever he choose*, not only to
have Lis brain properly cared for, but to print
his book, and to print it at the lowest price
possible. 1 am a free-trader ail through and
througn. ] do not a^ree with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, who so ably represents
the intellectual State -par excellence of this
country, the State which circulates around the
universal Hub. He would prevent the pub-
lishing and multiplication of books at the
cheapest ra*e possible ; I would not. Let
them come from whatever country, let us give
them hospitality; all the greater welcome
when they cost less. Let them come in the
form of Euripides and Sophocles, Socrates and
Plato, Homer. Virgil, Horace, orSallust; from
I'Vance, wiih Laplace ami Moa6re ; fiom Ger-
many, with Goethe or Schiller; from Eng-
land, with Newton, Bacon. Shukspeare, Mil-
ton. or even Darwin; or ail the oiher grand
authors who have supplied ideas, grace, and
style to mankind. I am for giving them to
the people of our land at as cheap a rate as
possible.
Mr. ELDREDGS. And the Bible, too.
Mr. DAWES. And cannot we multiply
copies of Socrates and Plato and Darwin here
as well as over there?
Mr. COX. We cannot do it as cheaply;
that is my point.
Mr. DAWES. And why is it? Bccause
over there they employ men at twenty-five
ccnts a day, who go barefoot and half naked,
and are half fed.
Mr. COX. 1 am in favor of employing the
man who works the cheapest for me. Other
things being equal, all sensible, practical men
do the same.
Mr. DAWES. Whether he wearsanv clothes,
eats sufficient food, or has any shoes to his
feet—you did not mean that?
Mr. COX. I wish the people to have cheap
clothes, food, boots, and shoes. I have con-
stantly voted for these objects. I want them
just now to have cheap books also. I want
especially the gentleman from Massachusetts
to be consistent on this question. [Laughter.]
He knows that in Massachusetts they have
brought Chinese, pagan, cheap labor into that
State to come into competition with the labor
theie for the purpose of manufacturing cheaper
boots and fihoes. An J my friend [Mr. Dawks]
'vho traveled with me last summer over Cali-
fornia would not take any active part in the
election canvass going on there, because boih
parties were strongly committed against Chi-
nese cheap labor. H« believed in ic as a ques-
tion of humanity. What is the difference
between having Chinese cheap laborers in
Massachusetts or having English cheap labor-
ers working in Canada, or even England; and
especially, d fortiori, when the question is in
favor of cheap books and the economic spread
of intelligence.
A gentleman from Connecticntto-dayboasted
that the people in New England were espe-
cially the model Christian people; and yet
they bring on cheap pagan labor from China,
withjoss-sticksand pig tails, to be employed in
competition with the (Jhristian laborers of that
State. This is a beautiful evidence of—eco-
nomical consistency. Not that I now dis-
pute the right, of anybody to employ anybody
in this country cheaply. The gemlemanfiom
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] appears to wish
to say something. [Laughter.^
Mr. DAWES. I wi-di to inform the gentle-
man that nobody in Massachusetts has any
privileges of labor over anybody else in Mas-
sachusetts. Wherever they come from, what-
ever their color, they are measured only by
their capacity.
Mr. COX, (crossing to the Republican side
of the House.) I like to get near the gentle-
man. [Laughter.] It gives me more delight
to speak with him than with any one else in
this House. I believe that free trade, free
labor, and the light to the interchange by
trade of the products of free labor, is just as
much a right, under God, as the light of free
men or free soil—of personal freedom, guar-
antied now tro all, ot all races and color, by
the Constitution.
Why, the other day in the House, when I
undertook to speak a good word for the col-
ored people, and to say I would have favored
the amendment of the Constitution abolishing
slavery—except at that particular critical
moment when I thought life of more value
ihan liberty, when commissioners were with
Grant, Seward, and Lincoln to treat for
peace—after 1 had vindicated in debate here
against my then colleague (Mr. Pendleton)
the power to amend ?o as to abolish slavery,
then, after all this, I received from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. DawesJ the
most scandalous reproach lor all my effoits in
this direction toward freedom. My distin-
guished friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] should have known me bcter than
to chaige me as he did with being false to
freedom or to myself. I base my ideas in
favor of free trade on the radical ideas of lib-
erty ; the same ideas I have cherished here
since my service.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. BROOKS. I must make the point of
order on my colleague that this discussion is
not germane.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has made
an allusion to me, and I wish to make a
remark.
Mr. BROOKS. We have only till three
o'clock for discussion.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] has made an allusion, which
gives me an opportunity to say what I have
desired to say for a long time.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] yield to the gentle*
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. COX. I do.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York alluded a moment ago to a debate in
this House in reference to the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery. I learned
after that debate that the gentleman from New
York felt that 1 had done him injustice. I
sought an opportunity, but this is the first I
have had, to assure the gentleman and the
House that nothing that I ever said, that no
thought. I ever entertained, reflected upon the
gentleman's personal integiity at all in any
matter pertaining to his duties here iu the
House. lie and I had been sixteen years
together, and it would nor.become me m the re-
lations, which have existed between us from the
day we first entered Congress, when 1 served
under him as my chairman, to this day, to
reflect in any way upon his integrity at all.
1 differ with him politically, but 1 nave thought
it due both to him and myself to make this
explana' ion.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to sav that the
proposition now before the committee, both
as it is in the original proportion and in the
amendment, is a blow at the employment and
wages of every man engaged in the labor of
paper-making, or in the preparation of the
elements of paper, of printers' mk, of type, of
printing, and .in all the arts and elements of
book-makingand binding. The way to cheapen
books in this country is to enable our people
to produce them. Wc are the only commercial
uaiion which levies duties on books in any
other way than by weight. No other nation ad-
mits them under an ad valorem duty The
specific du#y bv weight is the world-wide sys-
tem, and was for >ears the measurement of
the duty in this country.
On thelGth March last! spoke inthisllouse,
replying to my Irietid from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr.] and in the course of my remaiks
alluded to the deploiable condition of the
working printers of England I have since
received a letter* fiom a journeyman book-
binder, now employed in Cambridge, Massa-
chusetts, telling me that a fellow-workman
had lent him a copy of my remarks. He
thanks me for them, and tells me that when
Mr. Houghton, of the firm of Hurd & Hough-
ton, to whose testimony before the Committee
of Ways and Means I had referred to, came to
England to employ hands in the place of men
who had enlisted for the war, he and Irs fd
low-woikmen were in destitution; and that
Mr. Houghton brought them to this country,
p ymg their way. He telis me that now his
life is insured, and how many tens and hun-
dreds of dollars he has on deposit in the sav-
ings bank. He tells me also of other work*
men who have thus been elevated from litile
better than pauperism by American wages, and
* cambmdgk, May 10, 1872.
Bear Sir: A fcllow-workiuan having lent mo a
pamphlet containing a speech dehveied by you
iMaich 1U, 18<"2, against lrce trade, 1 take the lib-
erty of addressing you, as I iiin interested m tuat
subject. Sir, let us took at the ble.-sings ol h ee tj ado
whore it works so well. I cannot do better than take
my own case. Wuen in England I always had a
great desire to coaie to thi-s country, not that I ex-
pected to get licii, but wanted to be able to save
something tor my maintenance in my old age. In
1857 we began to save. In 18(54 Mr. U. 0. iiouubtoa
w.ts m .England trying to enujge some cnmpositois,
prin ers. and book-binders. I am a book-binder and
applied to him to see it he would pay our passage—
myaeLf, wile, and two children, lie came to Dei by
and I told him what 1 could do lie aerced to ad-
vance our pa>s.ige-money. Wo bad been saving
nearly seven years, had twenty-lour shillings per
week, which was the best wages given. I had saved
on'v £12 1U*.
What is the difference between my life there and
that which I enjoy here? 51 r. Houghton lent me
money to buy furniture, and with the passage-
money I was in debt lor $270. I leecived fifteen
dollars per week first, have been advanced several
times, now I have twenty-two dollars per week. I
paid the debt, have my life insured, and $015 m the
