826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
and since the adoption of the thirteenth amend-
ment, which abolishes slavery inside as well
as outside of this Chamber, 1 had as perfect
a right to conclude that I could not support
his amendment as it was drawn. The other
day I submitted to the Senate my views upon
the subject.
I trust I expressed myself with becoming
modesty upon that occasion. I came not crack-
ing whips over other men's shoulders; nor did
I attempt to enforce or invoke party discipline
against reluctant consciences; I appealed to
no one's prejudice or passion; but stated, as
clearly as I could, the two propositions con-
tained in the Senator's amendment in regard
to the constitutionality of which I entertained
doubts. Referring to his provision in regard
to churches, I stated that I was not certain
that it was unconstitutional; but that I doubted
its constitutionality, and ventured to suggest
that it was not well to trench upon even doubt-
ful ground in framing a great enactment like
this. I desired to secure some practical end.
I thought a bill steering clear of these objec-
tions would bo more likely to receive a two-
thirds vote, which is necessary to pass this
amendment to the amnesty bill.
Mr. President, the Senator from Massachu-
setts does not seem to be very anxious to
secure civil rights unless it can be done in a
way that will strike at the vital provisions of
the Constitution. The dish of civil lights, in
his estimation, is tasteless unless it be flavored
with some unconstitutional ingredient. That
seems to give it to his taste what epicures call
the "game flavor." A bill which does not
provoke some one's fears that it is violative
of the Constitution cannot in his opinion be
very beneficial to colored citizens. if our
colored citizens have no more respect tor the
Constitution than the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has exhibited in this debate, then
may God have mercy upon the Constitution
mid upon the people of this country. If the
voting element of four millions of our people
are indifferent whether they follow the general
principles of the Declaration of Independence
or the express, precise provisions of the Con-
stitution, when the two may happen to be in
conflict, then, sir, we have fallen upon evil
times, and the future is big with ills to our
people.
Let it ho remembered, the difference be-
tween the Senator and myself is only in regard
to the constitutional power of Congress to pass
a certain law. Whether or not we possess the
constitutional power to say that all churches
shall open their doors and administer the com-
munion to citizens of the United States with-
out respect to color, though a particular church
may be organized upon the creed that only
men of certain race have souls, are subjects of
moral responsibility, and are therefore entitled
to pat take of sacraments ; this is the question.
T do not vindicate nor justify any such exclu-
sive creed, but the question between the Sena-
tor and myself is whether a church organized
upon this exclusive creed .can be overhauled
by enactment of Congress, can be compelled
to furnish its communion table to persons
whom it believes not entitled to admittance
thereto.
Let it also be remembered that as soon as it
be conceded tbatthe political power may inter-
vene to promote the interests of true religion
the groundwork of religious freedom is sur-
rendered. No Government ever interfered
except in the interest of what it assumed to be
the interest of true religion. It is upon this
assumption alone that different sects have per-
secuted each other. Fagots have always been
lighted round the martyr to shed the light of
truth upon heresy and error. I fully concur
with the Senator that any church which denies
its rites, ceremonies, and sacraments to any
true believer on the ground of color dishonors
the Master in whose name it professes to act.
But the precise question is, whether the Sena-
tor and myself, being ia Congress, have any
constitutional power to enforce our theory
upon those who may conscientiously differ
with us ?
In regard to this power I doubt and hesitate;
and how does the Senator from Massachusetts
endeavor to remove those doubts ? Why, sir,
he comes into this Chamber and elects me as
his principal opponent. I, who agree with him
as tp what is desirable, professing my entire
willingness and anxiety to go with him to the
utmost extreme proposed by him, if it may be
done without violating the Constitution; 1 am
treated like a heathen Chinee, an utter bar-
barian in politics, and the Senator has hurled
at me denunciation more sweeping and bitter
than he has uttered in regard to those who
have announced in this Chamber that they
would not support even the amnesty bill, much
as they desire its passage, if it should be made
to contain anything like that Senator's pro-
posed amendment.
I have listened to a three hours' speech from
the Senator, full of ridicule, denunciation,
misrepresentation, everything but argument,
everything but an elucidation upon the con-
stitutional doubts which I entertain and have
frankly expressed to the Senator. Why did
the Senator pass this golden opportunity to
enlighten my darkness in regard to the Con-
stitution, and devote hours to glorifying the
Declaration of Independence which I revere
as much as he does? Mainly, I judge—for
that was the final drift of his speech—to
revive the recollections of a discussion by him
and myself more than a year ago, which seem
to have rankled in that Senator's bosom from
that day to this. Then we were discussing the
constitutional power of Congress to shackle
the constitutional power of a State by what
were at that time styled " fundamental con-
ditions."
The Senator made a speech in favor of such
power of Congress; and I understood him to
maintain that such power, if not found in the
Constitution, might be derived from the Dec-
laration of Independence, or from the phrase
"Epluribvs unum." In an extempore reply
delivered by me upon the conclusion of his
remarks, 1 treated those sources of congres-
sional power in a tone of pleasantry, or per-
haps of raillery; the only reply which I thought
such a spcoch merited. This I suppose it was
that gave the Senator mortal offense. That a
young_ Senator like myself should have the
audacity to exhibit mirth in his august pres-
ence, and indulge in raillery at a Senator whose
locks had whitened in the public service, was
more than his heart could endure. After four-
teen days of wrathful meditation the Senator
came into the Senate and arraigned me for
having spoken, in myreply, of the Declaration
of Independence as a revolutionary pronun-
ciatnento. The deep wound inflicted upon that
Senator's vanity by my irreverent mirth is
manifested by the fact that, at this late day,
the Senator has returned to the theme, and
rearraigued me in a set speech for the acci-
dental use of what he deems an inappropriate
adjective.
Let us see for a moment the full extent of
my offending. If that Declaration was, in
truth and in fact, a revolutionary'pronuncia-
rnento, then I committed no offense in calling
it such. Our fathers had assembled m Con-
vention representing the whole people, to de-
clare a separation of the colonies of America
from the Crown of .England. In the Declara-
tion itself they declare—
"A decent respect to the opinions of mankind
required that they should declare the causes which
impelled thom to the separation."
In other words, their Declaration professed
to be a pronunciamento in relation to what
they were then doing. Now, sir, what were
they then doing? Were they not organizing a
revolution against the Crown of England ? Do
we not refer to that period as the American
Revolution? Do we not call the men of that
time our revolutionary fathers? Do we not
call Washington and those who followed him
our revolutionary leader and soldiers? Do not
acts of Congress style those men revolutionary
soldiers? Have we not to this day a stand-
ing committee of this body on revolutionary
claims? Is it not our highest boast that, when
the oppressions of England became intolera-
ble, our fathers took up arms to throw off
that galling yoke? Then, sir, the Declaration
was a pronunciamento of a revolution; or, to
transpose the words, it was a revolutionary
pronunciamento. And yet, sir, the accidental
use of this adjective in an extempore speech
has rankled in the Senator's heart these many
months, and brought him back here to-day to
rearraign me upon the same subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him just there?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator talks of " re-
arraigning." He knows very well that in his
speech the other day he referred to that inci-
dent himself. I had forgotten it; it had passed
out of my memory ; but he revived it. Now,
as to raillery, I give the Senator free permis-
sion to rail at my locks just as much as he
chooses ; but do not rail at the Declaration of
Independence.
Mr. CARPENTER. Nor at tbe Constitu-
tion of your country, which you have sworn
to support. Let us join hands and stop railing.
I never will speak disrespectfully of the Decla-
ration of Independence, and do not you disre-
gard the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. Never.
Mr. CARPEN TER. Then we will go to-
gether, hand in hand, in support of every pro-
vision of your bill which does not conflict with
the Constitution.
But to return, as I have already said, the
only difference between the Senator and my-
self relates to the constitutionality of that pro-
vision of his amendment which requires all
churches to open their doors and share their
privileges without distinction of color, without
discriminating between Mahometan and Jew,
Chinaman, Indian, or negro. If this bill shall
pass, and if it bo constitutional, then the
churches can make no exclusion, draw no dis-
tinction, provided  
Mr. SUMNER. They can make no dis-
tinction "on account of color." They may
exclude a Mahometan, if you please.
Mr. CARPENTER. But if you talk about
Mahometans, they mostly have some color.
If so, they might slip through on Mahometan-
ism, but they would be caught on color, which
would comc to the same thing.
The only question between the Senator and
myself relating to the constitutional power of
Congress to enact his amendment, how ought
that Senator to have treated this difference of
opinion? Certainly with a candid and decent
respect for the doubts of others. A great
leader of a dominant party, aware that one of
its members entertained an honest scruple,
ought certainly with kindness and forbearance
to have dealtwith thedoubt, andcondescended
to illumine the'darkness of a weak brother's
mind. Has the Senator performed that duty?
Has he attempted to remove those doubts?
Has he pointed to any provision of the Con-
stitution which makes this power clear? He
has read letters from missionaries in the East
Indies. He has inveighed against the absurd-
ity of caste anywhere, and especially in the
church; and then he has charged me with
being the vindicator of caste, although he
knew that I had never referred to the subject.
Mr. President, did the heat of debate ever
carry a Senator into more unfounded, unjust
accusation? Why, sir, the Senator knows I
would support his amendment even in this
respect if satisfied that Congiess possessed
such a power; but does it follow from my
doubting the power of-Congress to prevent a
certain evil that I am in favor of that evil,
and am its champion? Does not the Senator
see and feel that he has wholly misrepresented
