1872;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261£
property within their limits. I believe that
these railways and other sensible improve-
ments are far safer in the hands of the States
than they are in the hands of the General Gov-
ernment. I cannot apprehend so foolish, so
suicidal a course as it appears the honorable
Senator from Indiana seems to suggest. There
is no more tear that the State will tax out of
existence an improvement so essential, than
♦hat the Congress of the United States will tax
out of existence a means so essential to itself
in the way of war necessities. I wish to say
here, that while I shall vote for this amend-
ment because I think it lies perhaps in the
right direction, yet 1 do so reluctantly, lest it
may imply the idea that the Congress of the
United States has any control whatever, or can
put any restriction whatever, upon the power
of State taxation over property within its
limits. I believe that to be unreserved, and to
rest in the discretion of the State alone.
Mr. LOGAN. I voted for this amendment
before for the reason that I did not believe it
could do any harm. I did not think it had
any effect on the power of the States so far as
taxation was concerned. But inasmuch as I
thought they had the power to tax this prop-
erty, the amendment did not interfere with it
except by way of proper restriction. But the
view that has been presented since has some-
what changed my notion about it. If it is iu
any way to interfere with the progress of the
construction of the road and of the selling of
the bonds, or to impede the enterprise on ac-
count of fears that it may raise in the minds
of individuals as to its being taxed out of
existence, I will now vote contrary to my
former vote. While expressing this purpose
I wish to say that I believe myself the amend-
ment neither adds to nor diminishes the power
of the States in regard to taxation.
Mr. EDMONDS. I am sure that I am as
much in favor of having this road built as any
man in the Senate, for I think it proper to
have a great southern transcontinental route
to bind that part of the country together and
secure an interchange of communication. I do
not want, however, to authorize this company
to borrow the money to secure that end on
any false pretense. I do not wish to have the
bondholders led into lending money to it with
the idea or belief that the property of the
company, when the road is once constructed,
is going to be free from taxation unless it is
really to be free from taxation. I want the
man who lends his money to know and under-
stand what the truth is, either that the prop-
erty is to be taxed according to the State laws,
or "that it is not. Therefore the argument of
the Senator from Indiana, that it may interfere
with the sale of the bonds, is based upon the
idea that the man who is expected to lend his
money will not lend it if we say in the law
that he is likely to be liable to State taxation,
and we do not intend to prevent State taxation,
while he will lend it if we leave it out of the
law and leave him in ignorance on that sub-
ject. In other words, the theory is that he
will lend it if he believes it is going to be free
from taxation, and he may not lend it it he
believes it is not going to be free from taxa-
tion. 1 do not think that is the fair way to
borrow money.
Mr. CONKLTNG. How has that been done
as to a!) the other bonds?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am answering the argu-
ment, that has been put forward here that the
bondholders are going to be frightened by the
knowledge that is carried home to them that
we do not intend to interfere with State rights.
I do not think the bondholders are to be fright-
ened by that knowledge; or if they are, they
ought to be frightened so that they will act
honestly, fairly, and understanding^. I do
not believe that the prospects of this com-
pany are to be injured by the bondholders
knowing truly what the law is which governs
the subject of taxation in respect to the prop-
erty upon which they lend money. Besides,
as I have said, they ought not to be deceived.
I wish to have it understood as far as it is of
any consequence to anybody (as it probably
is at Cincinnati) because I do not know that
I shall go there, [laughter]—I wish to have
it understood that I, for one, stand up for State
rights, and I am opposed to this Congress or
any other Congress undertaking to override
the just powers of the States ; but. while I am
standing up for State rights, I want also to
stand up for candor to the creditors of cor-
porations, cither those created by Congress or
those created by the States.
Let us, therefore, guard against all misappre-
hension, because there is a difference of opinion
among ourselves here as to what the constitu-
tional authority is. The Senator from Indiana
has argued that a State has no power to tax a
railroad incorporated by the Union for the rea-
son that it may tax it out of existence, upon the
same principle that a State had no power to
tax the Bank of the United States, as it might
tax it to death, and therefore destroy one of
the constitutional means of the Government in
carrying on its operations. Other Senators,
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conklxng,]
the Senator from Wiscoi^in, [Mr. Howe,] the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury,] con-
tend that the States have the power to tax the
property of a corporation that Congress has
created.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator thiuk the
State has that power ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I leave that question to
the Senator from Indiana. I only say that the
Senator from Indiana takes one side in favor
of the want of power in the State to tax this
corporation, and the other Senators take the
other view. Now, being in favor of State
rights, I wish to have no implication drawn
out of this bill that we are going to interfere
by anything that we do with the rights of the
States, whatever they may be ; and, therefore,
instead of declaring that the States shall have
the power, because if they have not the power
we cannot confer it, we merely say that noth-
ing in this act shall be understood as limiting
or infringing upon whatever rights the States
may lawfully possess. That is all there is in
it; but t think it will be largely in favor of
honest men lending their money to put into
this road to have it understood distinctly,
plainly, precisely what the enterprise is, what
is meant by the law, what are to be their liabil-
ities, their chances, and their responsibilities.
Mr. THURMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Delaware who moved this amend-
ment, I move to concur in the amendment
made in committee with a modification, to
wit, to strike out in the amendment as agreed
to in committee the words " and no such
taxes shall be more than those imposed by the
State on the property of other railroad com-
panies chartered by such State," and in lieu
of them to insert " not more than the average
taxation of said State upon other property
therein so that the amendment if adopted in
that modified form will read:
That nothing in this act or the act to which it is a
supplement shall bo so construed as to exempt the
property of the said company from taxation by any
State or States through which said railroad may
pass, not more than the average taxation of said
State upon other property therein.
I understand that this is acceptable to the
Senartor from Indiana, and 1 suppose that with
this there will be no further objection.
Mr. CONKLING. How does that affect
the question of assessment and valuation,
which has been the awkward question in my
State? Suppose, lor example, they take the
capital stock of the railroad as representing
its value fairly, they impose upon it the tax of
a fraction of a cent or three cents, as the case
may be ; and then they value real estate and
other property at one third its value. The rate
of taxation is alike, but in effect it is a very
invidious and discriminating tax. I should
like to inquire of the mover of this whether
he thinks he has guarded it in the respect,
which I point out?
Mr. THURMAN. I will not impute to a
State that it is going to be guilty of any such
fraud. _ We cannot help it if it does. I am
not going, out of any imaginary fear of that
kind, to exempt the property of a road for,
fifteen hundred miles, that we have endowed
as we have endowed this road, from all taxa-
tion. I am not going to create by my vote,
if I can help it, any such monopoly; and to
say that the State may, in violation of all jus-
tice, of all right, of all equality, value this
property three or four times its value and
other property at only one third or one fourth
its value, is no argument with me at all. You
must trust to the State, and this company must
trust to the State. Every Senator here almost
(with the exception of the Senator from Indi-
ana, who is entirely logical in it) says that
the State has the right, whether we put this
amendment iu or not, to tax the property of
this compauy. If it has, it can do precisely
what the Senator from New York fears. How
do we help that in the slightest degree by pat-
ting in the distinct view which we entertain
that the State is not to be deprived of its power
of taxation ?
Mr. CONKLING. This is not a matter for
exuberance or oratory ; it is a new matter of
fact. The Senator from Ohio is no more
anxious than the rest of us to have it right.
He says that my question implies that some
State is going to commit a great fraud. It does
not imply any such thing. It implies that some
State is going to do what every State thatlknow
of has done over and over again, and that is to
establish as to one kind of property a certain
rate and mode of valuation, and as to another
kind of property a different mode. N ow, I would
like to know what is the assessed valuation of
real estate in the State of Ohio ; and without
waiting for an answer, I will venture to say
that it is not more than one third of its actual
value. Now turn to money corporations;
what is the valuation there ? They take the
fixed market value, as I may say for brevity,
and declare that to be the valuation. That is
not a fraud ; it is a different rule of measure-
ment ; it is a different process of assessment.
It operates, as the Senator from Indiana sug-
gests, as a very great injustice.
Now, for the Senator from Ohio to get up
here and dcclaim about a great fraud, and to
ask who supposes anybody will commit a great
fraud, does not answer the question. My posi-
tion, stated m a word, is this: if we leave the
matter where it is, the laws applicable to tax-
ation and the rights on both sides provide for
it, and it can all be equalized and taken
care of; but when we undertake by statutory
direction and definition to point out what
the States may do, it is pretty important that
we should not put in a provision which will
shut certain doors and obviously leave open
certain others, because if we do, theu some-
body who does not want to commit a fraud at
at all, but simply to ascertain what the Senator
from Ohio meant iu the use of this language,
may say, " Why, this obviously was intended to
permit, not a different rate of taxation, but to
permit, taxation at the same rate based upon
different kinds of property measured by a
wholly different mode of valuation and assess-
ment," and 1 say there is no fraud about it.
Novv, Mr. President, I want this road taxed
in every State through which it shall go, just
as the Union Pacific railroad is taxed, and I
am willing to vote for any language which
will bring that about; and the only amend-
ment which I am objecting to or questioning
is that amendment, whatever it may be, which
in my apprehension will or may give rise to
uncertainty and injustice.
The honorable Senator from Ohio sug-
gested to the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, who had said it already, that he did not
