1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4411
tion of any other railroad west of the Capitol by
either of find companies.
Skc. 9. That the act to incorporate the Washing-
ton aiKi Georgetown Railroad Company, approved
M.'ty 17, 1SG2, and the act to incorporate the Metro-
politan liailroad Company, approved July 1,1861,
be amended by striking out ot the first section of
each oi said acts the words "or between either ter-
minus ot said main railway and the terminus of
either of said branch railways." On condition,
however, that within ninety days after the passage
ot this act the roiling stock of said Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company shall be so increased
that thereafter cars shall run between the hours of
half past seven in the morning and ten in the even-
ing as follows : .on the uiain line between George-
town and the Capitol, cars shall start each way at
average intervals of not more than three minutes;
on the Seventh street line at iiiterva-ls 'of not more
than lour minutes; and on the Fourteenth street
line at, intervals of not more than seven minutes.
Sec. 10. That Congress may at any time modify
or repeal this act, and that at least a single-track
road over the routes herein authorized shall be con-
structed and opened to travel within eighteen months
of the approval ot this act: Piovuled, That all
railroads are hereby prohibited on the X street and
K street fronts ot Farragut, Scott, and Franklin
squares : An.U proouied further, That no street rail-
roads shall be laid down in the city of Washington
without the consent of Cungress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I did give a sort of qualified consent to
two of these projects on a former occasion ;
but on looking at the bill arid studying
the map the scheme presents a good many
objections that did not occur to me at first.
In the first place, I am very desirous that the
Senate of the United States should not mani-
fest &ny selfishness on their part in any legis-
lation that, inay take place here, and should
not contribute to the selfishness of any per-
sons who come here to claim acts of incorpor-
ation. Now, this large scheme, embracing
three railroad pr< jects and various other pro-
jects, all blended into one bill, is pushed here
by a strong influence of very worthy men who
aie interested m these schemes, and in my
judgment they are more interested for their
own pockets than for the public benefit. The
companies ate to be money-making companies
above all else.
if anybody will look at the various tracks
that it is proposed to build these toads upon,
he will see that they are wonderfully distrib-
uted. If you were to take them up and shake
them out of a box they could hardly be scat-
tered more widely than they are by this bill.
Mr. Piesident, there ought to be a commis-
sion appointed to examine and survey the
whole ground. On their report the roads
should be located, and then offer the charters
to the public lor what they are worth, lor
either one of these schemes is worth money,
worth money to Sell out, worth money even to
build and operate, for they are perpetual char-
teis, and whether these persons intend to build
these roads or not may be extiemely problem
atical, for they take, according to the bill,
eighteen monihs to begm before they shall be
required to have their roads open and in work-
ing otder. There is no doubt that any such
charters as are here contemplated would sell
for a very considerable bonus, and a bonus
much needed by the D,strict of Columbia.
Now, Mr. President, these schemes will not
prevent many more from being wanted, for they
do not accommodate the public—not being
wisely and properly located—-they are rather
promotive of private interests than those of
the public, gotten up by men who want some-
bow to make money out of the projects rather
than to accommodate the city of Washington
and the city of Georgetown. I have an objec-
tion to them lor the reason that one of the
roads starts at the navy-yard bridge and then
runs up and crosses over and strikes the
Potomac and runs along so as to occupy
more than half, yes, at least two thirds of the
whole water front of the Potomac which can
he used for commercial purposes. That will
be a decided obstruction to the shipping busi-
ness which must occupy that street or none,
for wherever a doubie-track railroad is laid
other business must give way. It is quite
important to keep that W ater street free.
It is narrow enough already without being
incumbered or monopolized by a double-
track railroad. The commerce of the Poto-
mac deserves our first consideration. Worse
than that, it crosses the public Mall on Twelfth
street. For one, I never propose to allow a
railroad of any sort to cross the public parks,
I yet expect that Congress will rescue that
magnificent park, driving off the Goths and
Vandals, and devote it to the purpose origin-
ally intended, and to this end, so far as I am
concerned, I shall struggle against any road
gaining any foothold thereon. Beyond lhat,
I think that all the wide public avenues should
be kept as free as possible from these railroad
tracks, for wherever they are laid down they
are nuisances to all other travel and prove a
mutilation and destruction of the uses if not
a complete surrender of the beauty of our
magnificent and unmatched avenues of Wash-
ingion. It is a very great obstruction to have
these railroads upon the whole length of an
avenue. This one is to run over nearly the
whole length of Ohio avenue. I am, of course,
opposed to it.
Now, one of the other schemes is a monster,
if I may be excused for saying so, with seven
heads and ten horns. Starling from P street
bridge it runs down P street until it reaches
New Jersey avenue, upon which it fastens
itself for more than half its length, and we all
know this avenue leads out here directly from
the Capitol. It does seem to methatthis broad
and beautiful avenue nvght. be and ought to be
kept free from a railroad track. This com-
pany might as well take some other and more
obscure street. In reaching this position, it
should be noticed, it strikes across on P street
two of the circles that are intended to orna
ment and beautify that part of the city. These
circles will all be gems in their way. 1 think
that those two circles ought to be rescued from
any such defamation, for it is a defamation to
have a railroad track run around one of these
little circular parks, which hereafter are to
form so prominent a feature of the city.
But there is another btanch of this same
road which is to come down to Connecticut
avenue, and occupies two thiids of the length
of it. Then it crosses over and comes clear
down to Sixth street, taking a zigzag course
in various directions until it reaches that point,
and in regard to it a misdescription, as it,
appears to me, will be found in the bill.
One of these branches has little or no con-
nection with the other, and might be made
independent or tributary as a branch to some
other road with as much propriety as to be
included in the company proposed.
1 do not know that the Senate care anything
about this bill; but if they do, I propose to
show some further defects in it. Here is a
line that comes down, and you propose to give
them an alternative to run out on Louisiana
avenue or to turn and run down Fifth street
to Pennsylvania avenue. Now, Fifth street
does not reach Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is mistaken.
The Senator will bear in mind lhat the route
rims along Filth street to Louisiana avenue,
and then it turns southwesterly for a very
short distance Oil Louisiana avenue until it
intersects with Sixth street, and then goes
down Sixth street. There is no alternative
about it. There is the route well defined, and
one which the Senato'r passes over almost
every day of his life.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The time
has been so short since the bill was taken up
that 1 have not been able to examine the prop
osition so particularly, perhaps, as I oughtio
have done. But the original amendment which
I had before me when the bill was up before
reads "on said street to Fifth street west,
10 the north line of Pennsylvania avenue."
1 hat may have been corrected in this bill.
As the Senator says so, I presume it has been.
Mr. SAWYER. There is uo such thing in
the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That was in
the original bill which I bad before me in
print. Fifth street does notreach to Pennsyl-
vania avenue.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is referring
to the amendment of the Senator from Nevada
to the appropriation bill, not to this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is
another big scheme in this bill. There is a
road to be commenced at the boundary on
Seyenth street, where we have a road, and
then it is to go down Ninth street, only two
squares distant from Seventh street, the whole
of the distance being virtually a parallel road
to the Seventh street road. If that can be for
any other purpose than to frighten the pro-
prietors of the Seventh street road, so as to
make them pay something for not building this
road, I cannot conceive what it can be for. I
suppose it is for that purpose and for no other.
But worse than that, it proposes to cross Penn-
sylvania avenue and go down through into the
street bordering on the canal and then run
across and down on Missouri avenue to the
new depot of the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road. Certainly this is boldly conceived. I
hope Senators are not ready to allow any more
railroads to cross Pennsylvania avenue at all.
We do not want to make a gridiron of that
national thoroughfare.
But, Mr. President, this bill contains a great
many schemes. It will be seen that it inter-
feres with the Metropolitan railroad, and it
provides that that company shall lay a track
here around the Capitol. I do not know cer-
tainly but that it may be all right, though I
think there is a mistake in the desci iption there.
But, after repealing the law as to the present
streets here, it says, "In lieu thereof the said
company is hereby authorized to lay a single
or double track along A street north, between
First and Second streets;" but how are they
to get to A street?
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is aware that
the present terminus of the Metropolitan rail-
road is at First street east and A street north,
within gunshot of where we stand. The
change carries it along A street one block fur-
ther, and then it turns and goes into East
Capitol street, instead of pursuing the ruute
which they have a right now under the exist-
ing charter to pursue, that is, to go along First
stieet east to get to Bast. Capitol street.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not
had time since 1 saw the bill to examine it
very much in detail, but I have been louking
at it since the Senate convened. I think the
Senator from South Carolina will find that
there is a mistake in this respect if he will
examine the map.
Mr. SAWYER.. It has been examined with
the map and on the ground.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In addition
to that, this bill not only undertakes to deal
with railroads, but here is a proviso:
That said East Capitol street shall be parked on
each side and not in the middle thereof, aud the
sidewalks constructed outside of the park.
I think the whole of this scheme ought to
have been sent long ago to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds. Certainly the
jurisdiction ot that committee ought to extend
to such subjects as are here embraced. I
hardly see the propriety of putting so much
legislation in this bill.
Then, again, Mr. President,it will be found
on the seventh page of the bill that it is
proposed to repeal the present provisions
in relation to the railroads that are in exist-
ence about giving tickets that travel on all
branches of the same road from one end of
the city to another ; so that when persons
travel on different branches of the road ihey
will have to pay double fare. It repeaisall ot
the privileges now enjoyed in this respect. I
think the people of tins city would hardly
be in favor of such a repeal. But I only in-
tended to call the attention of the Senate to
very many objections to this omnibus scheme.
