3516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
to express was that he should come here and
ask xis to permit him to go to England and buy
a particular kind of paper for his illustrated
paper, when the Harpers and everybody else
in the same line buy their paper in this coun-
try. I will not disparage his paper except to
say that I do not like the pictures. I have
nothing to say about the merit of his publica-
tion ; but I say it ia unfortunate for us that
such a condition of things should exist. We
can go abroad and employ the labor of Bel-
gium at fifteen cents a day ; bleaching-powders
there bear no duty, soda bears no duty, rags
are free. We impose a duty upon every article
used in the manufacture of our paper, while
foreign countries, in order to keep those ma-
terials there, put an export duty upon tliem.
Yet. some of our people are so blind to what
builds up a nation as to say, *' We will make
it for the interest of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] and his colleague, [Mr.
Brooks,] when they publish a book, to go
abroad and get the foreign laborer to make that
book."
I cannot understand how the American sen-
timent in a man's breast should sleep under
such circumstances. If I have any pride in
anyihing in this country it is in its develop-
ment; it is when one man makes two spears
of grass grow where only one grew before;
when one man by the use of inventive power,
or by water-power, or by any other agency,
produces two dollars' woith of the product of
human labor where one was produced be-
fore. I have more pride in tilings of that
kind than I have in all the grandeur of our
country's mountains and rivers and plains,
great and magnificent as they are.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say a few more
words on this question before the vote is taken.
Some things that have been said by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in
his several speeches to-day are so remarkable
and at the same time so characteristic that I
am not willing ihey shall go unanswered.
They reflect upon the intelligence of this
House and upon the patriotism of this side of
tile House, and upon my own especially. I
want it understood by the House that for
every position I take upon the subject of the
tariff I have intelligent reasons which ad-
dress themselves to my conscience and judg-
ment, based primarily upon the original rights
of the people of this country, of which rights
on all such occasions as this the gentleman from
Massachusetts loses sight completely, in his
zeal to serve a few men, to build up special
interests, to extend particular privileges and
favors to those already powerful, at the ex-
pense of the many. It is to this continual
cry in favor of the few that I object. The
gentleman cannot disguise it or cover it up
under pretended zeal in the interests of labor.
No monopolist ever came here to speak for
himself. He always speaks for labor 1 But
the people will not always he humbugged by
such chad'.
The gentleman from Massachusetts con-
stantly interjects into all be says here some-
thing about the Belgic labor at fifteen cents a
day, and English labor at twenty cents a day,
and all that kind of stuff. I call it "stuff,"
and mean just what I say. The gentleman
knows as well as every intelligent man in
this House that there is total free trade in
England in the making of books and every-
thing else; and he also knows that in Belgium
and in many of the states of Prussia, and gen-
et ally on the continent, labor is cheaper than
it is in Great Britain. Yet Great Britain is
the book-publishing market of Europe. It
makes more books, prints more literature,
does more forthe civilization of the world than
nil the oLher nations of Europe. It does this
in spite of tiie cheaper labor abroad; it does
this in spite of protection on the continent,; it
does it by the aid of free trade in Great
Britain. The higher labor of England makes
books and sells them on the continent in suc-
cessful competition with the cheaper labor
there. This constant talk about labor is all
for effect here. It has nothing to do with the
great question of the ability of American pub-
lishers to make books without protection.
They can do this with the natural protection
they have, and with the superior skill of our
workmen, aided by better machinery.
American labor is not asking for this pro-
tection. It is American monopoly. Give us
cheaper books. We are entitled to this blessed
boon here. The poor people of the country
who want to learn, who' waut to fit themselves
for the high and responsible duties of citizen-
ship, are entitled to buy literature wherever
they please and as cheaply as possible. To
deny this precious right strikes at the very
corner-stone of free institutions. Free Amer-
ica denies to her citizens in this respect the
privileges and liberty enjoyed by those of
European Governments. The gentleman from
Massachusetts constantly hurls it into our teeth
that we would break down the book-making
establishments of this country and make it
impossible—that is his expression—make it
impossible to make a book in the United States
Make it impossible to make a book here 1
Why, Mr. Chairman, the American book-
makers can defy the world now under free
trade. No nation on the earth can make any
of those millions, untold millions of books
consumed in this country which are ofalocal,
domestic, or peculiarly national character;
such as professional books, all our school-
books, all our books of American learning
and history of all kinds, are made by our own
book makers. American school-books are
now being shipped to China. Why do not
the English take their books, their cheap
books, to China and shut out ours? It is
because there is nothing in the cry that we
will break down the American manufacturers.
This country is the greatest reading and book-
cousuming country on earth. We make more
books thau any other country in the world.
We have more writers, more newspapers,
more popular intelligence thau the rest of the
world. The idea that the business of book-
making can only survive in this country by
the aid of bounty is the baldest assumption.
It is national stultification. There is no shadow
of foundation for it in fact or truth. The
American publishers do not want any high
bounty. They only ask for ten ceuts per
pound, except a' few Louses that would build
up vast monopolies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I wish at the proper time to o'ffer an amend
ment to this clause, and I will have it read
now for the information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
After tbo word "except," in lino eighty-eiglit,
insert these words: "book-* printed ia other than
the Knglish lan^u ige, and books punted in the Kng-
hoh language of an edition unrovised lor twenty
years."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall offer that
amendment with a view to preparing the way
for putting these two classes on the free list.
Mr. DAWES. That amendment is very
proper, and 1 hope it will be voted on now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope it will
be voted on now, and that there will be no
objection to it, as it will save time.
Mr. Chairman, I regret very much for my-
self to be forced to the necessity of changing
the tariff on books from ad valorem to specific.
I am willing, however, to follow the sugges-
tions of the committee, who have considered
the subject carefully. I wish to point out one
or two difficulties in the way of the proposed
method of taxing books. For instance, a
friend of mine a few days since imported from
England thirty-nine volumes of Rees's Ency-
clopedia, a work more than twenty years old,
and weighing about eight pounds to the vol-
ume. 'lhe work is now admitted free of duty,
but if it were taxed on the plan this bill pro-
poses, that is, by the pound 
Mr. DAWES. No one proposes that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am giving
this merely as an illustration. If we were to
tax this on the plan this bill proposes, by tax-
ing per pound, the tax would amount to more
than forty dollars in gold. The price of the
whole series of these volumes in London was
thirty dollars in gold. The trouble with this
change of tariff from specific to ad valorem is
that it falls most heavily on the cheapest
books, on the Testaments and Bibles, on the
popular books which go into the hands of
poor people everywhere. The most luxurious
books, the rare, expensive editions do not
bear a proportionate rateof duty bytlie change
here proposed from ail ad valorem duty to a
specific duty.
Whether twelve and a half cents per pound
is the proper rate I do not know; but I do
implore this committee to strain to come as
near to free books as is compatible with the
rights of all concerned. And when I say ail,
I mean the writer of books, the printers of
books, and the readers of books. 1 i egret that
any necessity exists for putting shackles on
what ought to be in the larger view of the sub-
ject as free as the air we breathe. I would
have popular books, the Bible, and the general
educational literature of the country as nearly
free as possible. While wishing this for the
sake of literature and education, I know that
we mus.t not forget the interests of those who
have invested their money in the business of
publishing books, and recognizing the difficul-
ties that surround this bill, I will not say any-
thing which may tend to embairass it. But, I
hope the House will put on the free list books
in other languages, and the old authors of our
own language. It is a wrong to all the scholar
ship of the country to make any law by which
access to the old masters, the leaehcrs of
mankind, whose works have come down to us
across the centuries and the generations, shall
be blocked tip by any mode of taxation. The
readeis of such books are generally not wealthy
men, and can ill afford the enhanced cost of
these sources of their knowledge and inspira-
tion. 1 hope the amendment 1 have sent to
the Cliair will be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. No one has imposed any-
thing upon the old masters.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But this tax
will be imposed upon them if my amendment
does not prevail. I have so drafted it as pre-
cisely to meet the ease. I undeistand that
although a book may be a hundred years old,
if it has a new title-page, bearing the imprint
1870, 1871, or 1872, it is called a new book.
This substantially nullifies the present law,
which provides that a book twenty years old
shall come in free of duty.
Mr. BORCHARD rose.
Mr. KKRR. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BURC1IARD. I yield to the gentle-
man a single minute.
Mr. KERR. I hold in my hand a paper
signed by more than four lifths of all the book-
makers of America, in which they say :
"If a specific tariff is regarded as nocescary at all,
wc maintain, by the accompanying tible, that, ten
ccnts per pound is the highest rate that imported
books can possibly bear without serious injury to all
the valuable and large interests involved."
Mr. DAWES. That was put in two years
ago; and the same men say that it is impossi-
ble now to get on without a duty of twelvo
and a half cents.
Mr. KERR. The paper was sent to rte
during this session of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. Look at the date.
Mr. KERR. It has no date to show that it
is two years old. I repeat that it was handed
me during the present session.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Gakfield, of Ohio, it was agreed
to.
Mr. BURCHARD. I wish to say a word
in regard to the specific duty provided in the
bill. The committee desired and intended to
