828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
State, with certain prescribed consequences to
follow.
Turn now to the fifteenth amendment, which,
as originally offered, provided:
"The right of oitiaens nf the United States to vote
a d hold office shall not bo denied," &c.
Tho words "and hold office"_ were stricken
out in Congress, and the provision, as it now
stands, was submitted to be ratified by the
States, and was ratified by them. Striking out
the words "and hold office" changed the
amendment in this respect; so that a restraint
is now laid upon the States to exclude any
citizen from the right to vote on account, of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude;
while no restraint is laid upon the States to ex-
clude citizens from holding office on these or
any other grounds. It is useless to follow the
subject further. A plain statement of the
difference between the Senator and myself is
all the argument necessary to be submitted to
an intelligent people.
Let roe add one word. Tho Senator from
Massachusetts cannot by denunciation, or
otherwise, drive mo one step from tho line
of conduct which my judgment commends,
lie cannot by denouncing me as a secession-
ist, a champion of State rights, a disciple of
John 0. Calhoun, force me into the Demo-
cratic party. Nor can he, by brandishing his
whip, compel tne to support, any measure of
his which my reason convinces me is in con-
flict. with the Constitution. Nor shall that
Senator, by throwing a lasso around my
throat, compel me to vole lor what 1 deem to
be unconstitutional, or to accept, tho alterna-
tive of voting against provisions which, in my
opinion, are authorized by the Constitution,
and called for by cii cumsUuiccs. To obviate
this embarrassment I have offered a substitute
which embraces every provision of the Sena-
tor's amendment which I consider to be con-
stitutional. Tiiis substitute I shall vote for,
because I believe it to be constitutional and
called for by the ciicunistnnees under which
we arc compelled to act.
Mr. I'l'esideiil, in conclusion let. me say tho
Senator's denunciation will not diive me away
ftom supporting the principles of his amend-
ment.. J he full extent of 111tit amendment I
cannot support; but all its piaclieal features
J believe !o be within the constitutional power
of Congress lo cnaet. I have therefore em-
bodied tnem in tho substitute for that amend-
ment which I have offered.
Mr. SUMNER. May 1 suggest to tho Sen-
ator as a mode of getting the judgment of tho
Senate on tho two points to which lie has called
attention, tliit ho should move to strike out
fumi my amendment, first, the words relating
to churches, and then the words relating to
juries? 1 suggest that as a more convenient,
wny of arriving al the judgment of the Senate
on those points one by one, instead of taking
them all together, as the Senate will have to do
on the substitute ofthe Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER,. f think tho more con-
venient way to get. at the real difference be-
tween us is to vote on this substitute. That
presents laitly and squarely the different views
we entertain, and I thmk it the proper way to
present them.
Mr. SUMNER. One word in reply. You
have heard the Senator. Has he been just to
me? The Senator says in his seat he meant
to be.
Mr. CARPENTER. No; I said f did not
mean to be. 1 stated that when I was up.
Mr. SUMNEK, Ho did not mean to be. I
think it is very clear that he was not.
The Sena'or insists that I am willing to dis-
regard the Gondii ulion. On what ground can
the Stnator make any such assertion? Does
ho suppose that his oath is stronger with him
than mine with mi-?
Mr. C A RPKN i ER. ^ ill the Senator allow
me to answer him ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I assume that for the
reason that when we come here to discuss a
constitutional question, the power of Congress
to do a certain thing, the Senator flies from
the Constitution and goes to the Declaration
of Independence, and says that is the source
of power.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator ought to know
very well that I have never said any such thing.
The'Senator proclaims that I fly from the Con-
stitution to the Declaration, which I insist is the
source of power. I now yield the floor again,
and ask the Senator when 1 said what he asserts.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is only restating
the whole subject over again. Here the other
day, when we were speaking of nothing but
the two instruments as grants of power to Con-
gress, the Senator said that the Declaration
was coordinate in authority with the Constitu-
tion. What did he mean by that? I supposed
he used the word in the ordinary acceptation,
and if he did, he meant to say that the Decla-
ration was a coordinate grant of power.
Mr. SUMNER. Just the contrary, Mr.
President. Senators will bear me witness. I
appeal to you all. I said just the contrary.
Repeatedly I naid that in my judgment the
Declaration of Independence was not a grant
of power; but I said that it was coequal with
the Constitution, tho one being a grant of
power, and the other being a sovereign rule of
interpretation. That is what 1 said; and now
the Senator, iu the face of my positive words,
notheedingtlHimatall, although they are found
in tho Globe, vindicates himself by putting in
my mouth what J never said or suggested, and
then proceeds to announce somewhat grandly
that I set the Constitution at naught. 1 chal-
lenge the Senator again to point out one word
that has ever fallen from my lips during my
service iu this Chamber to sustain him in his
assertion. I ask him to do it. He cannot.
But why this impuiition? Is the oath we
have all taken at that desk binding only on
him? Docs he assume that he has a monop-
oly of its obligations; that other Senators took
it,with levity, teady lo disregard it, or at least
that 1 have taken it so? Such seems to be
the assumption ; at least it is his assumption
with regard to tne.
Now, 1 tell the Senator, and I beg him to
understand it for the future, that I shall not
allow him to elevate himself above me in any
loyalty to the Constitution. Willingly do I
yield to tho Senator in all that he can justly
claim of regard and honor. But 1 do not
yield precedence in that, service where if he
does uot magnify himself lie belittles me.
I have served the Constitution longer than
,j he lias, si ml with such fidelity as I could com-
mand. I have served it at moments of peril,
when the great principles of liberty to which
I have been devoted were iu jeopmdy ; I have
served it, when there were few to stand by mc.
In upholding that Constitution never did 1 (ail
at tho same time to uphold human rights.
That was my supreme object,; that was the
ardent aspiration of my soul. Sir, I know
how often 1 have failed, too often ; but I know
that I never did ia.il in devotion to that Con-
stitution for the true interpretation of which
1 now plead. The Senator speaks without
authority, and he must pardon me if I say
with levity, when he makes such an allegation
against one whose record for more than twenty
years in this Chamber is ready to answer him.
I challenge him to point out one word ever
uttered by me to justify his assault. He can-
not do it. Ho makes liis onslaught absolutely
without one tittle of evidence.
Sir, I have taken the oath to support the
Constitution, but it is that Constitution as 1
understand it. In other days, when this Cham-
ber was filled by intolerant slave-masters. I
was told that 1 did not support the Constitu-
tion, as i have been told to-dav by the Senator,
and I was reminded of my oatli. In reply I
borrowed the language ot Andrew Jackson,
and said that often as I had taken that oath,
I had taken it alwaysto support the Constitu-
tion as I understand it; and it is so now. Sir,
I have not taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution as the Senator from Wisconsin under-
stands it, without its animating soul. Sir, my
oath was to support the Constitution as inter-
preted by the Declaration of Independence.
The oath of the Senator from Wisconsin was
different; and there, sir, is the precise diver-
gence between us. He swore, but on his con-
science was a soulless text. I am glad that
my conscience felt there was something more.
The Senator must hesitate before he assaults
me again for any failure in devotion to the
Constitution. I put my life against the life of
the Senator; I put my little service, humble
as it is, against the service of the Senator; I
put every word uttered by me in this Chamber
or elsewhere against all that has been said by
the Senator; and the world shall pronounce
between us on the question he has raised. If
I have inclined in favor of human rights, if I
have at all times insisted that the national
Constitution shall be interpreted always so that
human rights shall find the greatest favor,
1 have committed no error. I may have erred
in the judgment ofthe Senator, but I know that
I have not erred in the judgment, of the Ameri-
can people; and here 1 put myself upon the
country to be tried.
Sir, on that issue I invoke the sentiments
of mankind and of posterity when all of lis
have passed away. I know it will be written
then that the national Constitution is the
charter of a great Republic dedicated to Human
Rights, dedicated at its very birth by the Dec-
laration of Independence, and that whoever
fails to enlarge and ennoble it by that interpret-
ation, through which human rights are most
advanced, will fail in his oath to support the
Constitution ; ay, sir, fail in his oath I
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, those of
us who have not participated iu this very inter-
esting debate aro now compelled to choose
between two propositions, each of which is
designed to carry out the same object. The
amendment submitted by the Senator from
Wisconsin is a single section punishing as a
crime, to be prosecuted as a crime in the name
of the United States, the denial of certain
rights and privileges. On tho other hand, the
amendment submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts contains five or six carefully
prepared sections. I have examined
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator yield?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall take but little
tiina; but I will yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are some executive
communications that deserve attention, and
this debate cannot be terminated to-night. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After thirty-two minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and (at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 5, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last, was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first, business in order is the call of tho States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for printing and
