4412
THE CONGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 8.,
It looks to me as altogether too large an affair
to be passed upon in the last night of the ses-
sion of the Senate, and I trust that the bill
tinder consideration will be laid upon the table.
I do not make that motion now, however.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a few words
in reference to the bill, because, although I
have more than regard for the Senator's opinion
011 any matter of this sort, it is evident that he
has not given the subject the consideration
which it received in the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, where these various plans
have been during the entire session. Hardly
a week has passed when more or less confer-
ence has not taken place in regard to it.
Now, the bill which is before the Senate, and
for which the report of the committee is sub-
stituted, is House bill No. 2247, authorizing
the laying of a track by the Anacostia and
Potomac River Railroad Company. If Sen-
ators will follow me in their minds I will detail
what that track is and exactly where it is, and
it will be entirely familiar to the Senate. It
begins exactly opposite Willard's Hotel on
the other side of Pennsylvania avenue, goes
down Fourteenth street a short distance when
it takes Ohio avenue, through which, as the
Senator says, it travels the entire length.
But what is the entire length of Ohio avenue?
It is two blocks, for all it goes on Ohio avenue
is two blocks, from Fourteenth street to
Twelfth street. It is a part of the town occu-
pied by lumber-yards, by workshops of one
sort and another, and the people who own the
lumber-yards and workshops are especially
desirous to have a railroad built. It turns
then across the park on Twelfth street. The
Senator objects that it is going across the Mall;
but let me remind the Senator and the Senate
that I hold in my hand the chaiter of a rail-
road company which allows a track to be laid
across the Mall on Twelfth street which has
been in existence for eight years. There is at
this moment an existing charter allowing a
city railroad track to be laid across the Mall
at Twelfth street, and nobody has proposed to
repeal that. It was not thought to be a great
evil at the time it was passed. It goes down
Twelfth street to Water street. Whore is
Water street? Water street is the boundary
street along the shore of the river, where the
coal-yards, the ice-wharves, and all that sort
of work is done, a very wide, not a narrow
street, a place above all where it is necessary
to have a street railroad. There is now no
means of getting to that place except by pri-
vate carriages. This affords a convenient
mode for the large number of poor men who
labor in that part of the city to get to their
place of labor. It turns along Water street to
where Water street and Sixth street join. It
then goes easterly, I think on M street south,
as far as Eleventh street east, and thence
down to the biidge.
Now, whom does this accommodate? This
road accommodates a large class of poor labor-
ing men who hove got to walk from their place
ot residence to their place of labor, frequently
a mile or two miles, and this will afford them
the means of saving more time in the day than
enough to pay the fare.
I am going to say but a word more, because
I do not want to weary the Senate, and I do
not believe there is any serious objection to
this bill except the objection which is always
present to the mind of my friend from Ver-
mont, that one of the tracks crosses the Mall
at Ninth street, where again there is an exist-
ing charter at this moment allowing a railroad
to pass, and another one crosses it at Twelfth
street, where there is an existing charter, as I
have said before. That is nothing new. If
the Senator objects to this he ought to propose
to repeal so much of the Metropolitan rail-
road charter as allows that company to lay
their track across the Mall at those two streets.
With regard to the P street railroad, of
which so much has been said, it is intended to
connect Georgetown heights with the north
part of Washington, to bring the people who
live on Georgetown heights to the neighbor-
hood of the Capitol, the Departments &c.,
by traveling a much less distance than now.
It passes down Connecticut avenue near the
Circle where Connecticut avenue and Massa-
chusetts avenue intersect. There are not a
dozen houses of any consequence in that neigh-
borhood now ; but along the line of that rail-
road the men of moderate means have in-
vested their small savings in stock in this
company, in order that they may have an ave-
nue by which they can reach their homes from
their places of labor. Clerks, mechanics,
laboring men live in that part of the city, and
they desire to have facilities for reaching their
homes.
Now, in regard to the route of the Boundary
and Silver Spring Railroad Company, I do
not suppose that the men who are engaged in
this propose to put money into a scheme that
will not pay. I do not suppose any of the
projectors of these lines propose to put money
into what they do not think will pay, and I
suppose that no city railroad company will be
incorporated here unless the projectors of it
imagine there is money to be made out of it.
Our task is to see whether it goes to accom-
modate the public, and whether the public want
it, as well.
I might go on and answer every point that
has been made by the Senator from Vermont
I believe satisfactorily, but I do not want to
detain the Senate. All I want is a vote.
Mr. KELLY. I offer an amendment to sec-
tion six, line six.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator give
way that I may make a report on a matter
which is somewhat of privilege ?
pay of senator vickers.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make a report
from the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions in regard to the pay of one of the Sen-
ators from Maryland, a case which was referred
at the instance of the President of the Senate
to that Committee. They report that the case
is on all-fours with that decided at this session
in regard to the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Ransom,] and all other similar cases in
both branches of Congress. The Committee
report, in the form of a resolution, which I
ask may be considered :
licsoloed. That George Vickers, a Senator from
Maryland, is ontitlod to rcocive pay as such for the
year commencing March i, 1867.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I thiuk we
have established a wrong precedent here be-
fore at this session, and I am decidedly
opposed to the Senate playing this eame of
laps and slams. We allowed in the case from
North Carolina one Senator to draw a great
deal more than belonged to him from the time
he was elected; and we gave another a large
amount who was not elected at all; and now
it is proposed to give another, the Senator
from Maryland, pay for a year or two, I do not
know how much, more than he is really entitled
to. This is a kind of generosity that I do not
think we ought to set any precedent for ; and
had my attention been called to it, I should
have objected in the other case. 1 feel bound
to object in this, and shall ask a vote on it.
Mr. THURMAN. This depends on the
interpretation of the act of 1862, and but one
interpretation has been placed upon that in
each branch of Congress. There i3 not a
single instance in which there has been any
other than the one interpretation placed upon
it. This resolution is in strict accordance with
that interpretation, and I suppose there is no
other case in the Senate than this one. I hope
the resolution will pass.
Mr. CONKLING. Before it does pass I
hope the Senator will explain to us the inter-
pretation which he gives the act and the facts
to which that interpretation applies. Every-
body else may understand it; I do not.
Mr. THURMAN. Before the passage of
the act of 1862, under the act of 1866, which
provided that the pay of members of Congress
should be $3,000 a year, the question arose in
the Senate whether a Senator who was elected
after the term of six years commenced was
entitled to pay only from the time of his elec-
tion or to pay from the time the term com-
menced. A committee of the Senate reported
through Mr. Toombs that under the true inter-
pretation of the act of 1856 he was entitled to
pay only from the time of his election. To
change that rule the act of 1862 was passed,
which makes him entitled to pay from the time
the term of his predecessor ends, and it has
been interpreted ever since to entitle him to
pay although he was not elected until after
that term commenced. That was the case
with all the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives from Connecticut, from Kentucky,
and from various other States.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, what are the facts
in this case ?
Mr. THURMAN. The facts in this case
are simply these—it is on all-fours with the
North Carolina case: Mr. Philip F. Thomas
was elected Senator from Maryland ; the Sen-
ate decided that he could not take h5=; seat,
that he could not take the test-oath and take
his seat; they refused him his seat, and he did
not receive one dollar, and never has received
one dollar from the United States. Mr. Vick-
ers was then elected. This is simply to apply
to the case of Mr. Vickers the rule that has
been applied in every case that has arisen in
either House of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this resolution. I should be
very glad indeed to pay this sum to the Senator
from Maryland, but I do not believe that any
Senator is entitled to pay here before he is
elected, I do not believe there is any law
that authorizes any such pay; or if there is
such a law, it is wrong, and it cannot be made
effective without the passage of this resolu-
tion. I do not like to make factious opposi-
tion to anything of this kind, because it looks
ungenerous; but at the same time there is a
rule of ijght about it. I believe the rule of
right is that he should have his pay from the
time of election, and not a year before his
people or even he himself ever thought of it.
Mr. THURMAN. But one word. I will
agree with the Senator from Vermont to change
the law ; but I hope that as long as the law is
in force, and as long as there are now in this
body not less than one dozen Senators who
have received the benefit of this interpretation
of the law, he will not undertake to deny it to
the only remaining Senator who is entitled
to it.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish to remind the
Senator from Vermont that while he and I
were members of the other House my own
State elected its members to Congress in the
month of October, and they received their pay
under the act of 1856 from the 4th of March
preceding. That was uniform. His rule that
he would have now did not apply then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Vermont asks for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 43, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony. Bay-
ard, Blair, Boreman. Buckingham, Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Cor-
bett. Fenton, Kerry of Michigan, Flanagan, J?re-
hnghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly. Norwood,
Nye, Osborn, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Seott, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson.
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, West, and
Windom—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Edmunds, Morrill of Vermont,
Pratt, and Sherman—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Casserly, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamlm, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis.
.Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pome-
roy. Robertson, Sehurz, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wilson, and Wright—27.
So the resolution was adopted.
