1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, allow me to
interrupt my friend. We are discussing now
the probable effect upon capitalists, the fear
which they will entertain of the power of the
Government to tax them too much. The Sen-
ator from New York says the power to tax is
an absolute and unlimited one; the State may
tax these railroads out of existence and drive
them out of the State, if it can tax them at all,
and no limitation is put upon it. Now, the
questiou is, whether the capitalists will be
most alarmed by being informed that the State
has the power to tax them out of existence,
or by being informed that Congress has re-
stricted that power in the States so that they
can only be taxed on a par with other property
in the States.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend, by assuming
his premises, is able to draw a conclusion that
is unanswerable. I have not said, I deny any
such thing as he attributes to me, namely, that,
the Slates have an unlimited power to tax this
corporation or any other property. That is a
power curtailed and regulated by the consti-
tution of every State and by the laws of every
State, if you leave them to operate upon this
property. But he pioposes now by act of Con-
gress to set up—and that is the very objection
to it—a particular authority, a particular war-
rant under which they may tax. Now, if the
Senator will show me a State where the con-
stitution, the statutes, the mode of taxation,
provide no equality, no mode of escape from
invidious taxation, undoubtedly he will show
me a theater in which the suggestion that he
makes will have full play. I deny that it has
full play now, because we have the State sys-
tems to depend upon. This railroad company,
when chartered, and its property is no more
liable than the mansion-house of the Senator
in Milwaukee or his farm in the State of Wis-
consin to the unlimited power of taxation
which he speaks of. Both are subject to the
power as regulated and controlled by the juris
diction of the State of Wisconsin, and there I
want to leave this with all other property.
Mr. CARPENTER. If I had a mansion,
which I am sorry to say I have not, it would
be utterly subject to the power of taxation in
Wisconsin, and might be taxed out of exist-
ence, as far as I_ am concerned, at pleasure.
But the Senator says this railroad is to take its
place with all other property. The power of
taxation, if it exists at all, as Chief Justice
Marshall says, is a power to destroy, for you
may tax it ten per cent., you may tax it twenty
per cent., or one hundred percent, of its value.
Now the Senator concedes that as the law
stands the States may tax these railroads out
of existence.
Mr. CONKLING. I concede that as the law
now stands they may tax this railroad just like
other property. Therefore I object to setting
up a special rule in this case, and when the
time conies in Wisconsin that they tax the
Senator's mansion house out of existence and
his property and this railroad with it, if it runs
through Wisconsin, then a time will come when
the people of Wisconsin or some higher power,
if there is one, will be compelled to prevent
that. Now, I say that the unlimited power of
taxation here is a power over this property
only in common with all other property resi-
dent in those States. I propose to let this
railroad take its chance with other property
under the laws of the State, and not to set up
a rule of taxation here which may be strictly
complied with and yet lead to invidious and
destructive taxation. That is my proposition.
Mr. CARPENTER. We are speaking not
of any Siates in existence or any existing con-
stitution, but of new States to be hereafter
created, and I understand that the amendment
is confined to such States only.
Mr. M OKTON. N o; it is general.
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not so under-
stand.
Mr. CONKLING. No; it applies to all
States the road goes through.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then as to the States
now in existence, the Senate can turn to their
constitutions and find what the provisions are.
As to the new States, we do not know what
they will be; whether the constitutions will
require a uniform rule of taxation in the new
States or not we do not know; and I do not
know without examining whether it is required
in all the States now in existence through
which the road will pass. But that does re-
quire uniform taxation, and requires nothing
more. It restricts the State to that extent,
and puts this railroad, even as to those States
not yet created, where the Senator from New
York says he wants to leave it as to all the
States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask whether the Senator regards this as a
permission on the part of Congress that these
States should regard this as taxable property
or whether it is authority. It is in the nature
of a permission, as I understand.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is one of those
constitutional questions that the Senate has
manifested its desiienot to hear discussed this
afternoon, and I am not going to go into it.
There is a great deal to be said on both sides
of that question. If this is to be regarded as
an instrumentality of the Federal Government
it cannot be taxed without our permission.
If it is not, it can be taxed without our per-
mission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does anybody
question at all, is it a question that lies_ any-
where within the bounds of doubt that if we
have authority to charter this road it is our
act; that it is a Government road in the same
sense that the Bank of the United States was
a Government organ? I take it there is no
authority for chartering this road at all except
it be upon the idea of carrying out one of the
powers of the Government.
That is to say, adopting the principles of
ray honorable friend from Wisconsin, this is
in the exercise of the power to regulate com-
merce; in other words, to use his phrase, to
facilitate commerce. It becomes necessary
therefore that we should have this Govern-
ment instrumentality to that end. Now, if that
is so, is it not a Government agency? And it
makes no difference at all whether it is done
in the name of the Government or in the
name of A, B, or C. That was the case of
the bank; it was a Government instrument,
and on the assumption that you have got a
road by authority of the General Government,
then it is above the authority of the States to
tax. If so, then this provision is proper. If
that is the ground, it certainly canuot be taxed
upon the general doctrine that it is an agent
of the Government; and unless you give the
State permission, it certainly stands above the
authority of the States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does my friend
think that if a bridge company was authorized
to build a bridge across a river by the United
States thatwould be an instrumentality of the
Government, like the United States Bank?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think not,
because there is a permission to allow the
exercise of an authority by the States. There
a differentprinciple comes in altogether, lhat
is simply a permission to regulate commerce
between the States. The Government do not
charter in t"at case.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we have a quorum,
which I doubt very much, it cannot survive
this debate more than ten or fifteen minutes.
I move that we adjourn. ["Nol" "No!"
" Pass the bill!"] We cannot pass the bill,
it seems; Senators would rather talk than
pa°s the bill.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will withdraw the
motion if we can have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurmak] to the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr, CASSERLY. There has been so much
discussion since that amendment was offered
that I should like to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
read.
Mr. CASSERLY. When thevotewas taken
on the amendment as it was adopted in com-
mittee, there was a good deal of confusion and
conversation going on about me which pre-
vented me from fully understanding the objec-
tion which was urged to the amendment as it
then stood by the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton.] There is now no doubt in
my mind that the amendment involves very
distinctly an assumption to which, for one, I
never can agree. It. involves the assumption
of a right m Congress to regulate the State
power of taxation over the property of rail-
roalds. I will state in three or four words pre-
cisely what I suppose to be the true view of
this question.
A railroad is not an instrumentality of.Gov-
ernment any more than a ship is.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask my friend whether
the ships of this Government are subject to
taxation by the States in which they may hap-
pen to be found ?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, because a Govern-
ment ship is a means of government; it is
property of the Government and cannot be
taxed. A private ship, a merchant ship, is a
conveyance of commerce; it is not an instru-
ment of commerce. If it were like a bill of
lading (and that is the distinction) it would
not be the subject of taxation by a State.
Now, sir, a bill of lading cannot be taxed by
a State for the reason that being an instru-
ment of commerce it falls within the power of
Congress to regulate commerce, but the freight
which is the subject of that bill can be taxed;
the ship that carries it can be taxed. Thus
though you cannot tax the instrument of com-
merce, you can tax the merchandise which is
the subject of the commerce, and the ship
which is the conveyance of the commerce.
Upon these grounds I have not any doubt
left in my mind now as to what the state of the
law is on this question. I am not willing
to vote for an amendment which involves a
presumption that would be destructive of the
who'e taxing power of the States over the
subject. It limits the State's taxing power;
and if Congress can limit the power it can
destroy it.
This discussion has come on, I know, at a
late period of this whole debate. It has been
conducted, however, in such a manner and
with so much ability that, for one, I feel as if
the time had been extremely well spent. With
the lights now before me I shall be obliged to
vote against this amendment on the ground
which 1 have endeavored to state.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this is a
singular spectacle which we have here. We
have this amendment opposed by the Senator
from Indiana who says that the States have no
power to tax this railroad. We have it op-
posed by my friend on the left for fear that it
implies that the States have not the power to
tax. Now, what is the common sense of this
amendment? Does thisamendmentaver that
the State has no such power? Nobody can
say that. It simply says that nothing in this
act shall be construed to deny the power of
the State to tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask my friend whether
it does not so state with a limitation that the
tax shall go to such an extent, and 110
further ?
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CASSERLY. In other words, does
not that limitation involve the right wholly to
deny the taxing power? Does not Congress
undertake on that point to make a constitution
for the State?
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly it does say
that nothing in this act shall be construed to
