1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
portatlon shows that freights can be carried by such
a line as is here proposed, for about one fourth of
what they can by railroad. This fact alone, when
the immense and continually increasing amount of
grain annually shipped to the east from west of the
Mississippi is taken into consideration, seems to de-
monstrate the necessity of its immediate construc-
tion."
But, I desire to call particular attention to
the reportof the survey and experiments under
the supervision of Colonel Houston, of the
United States corps of engineers, -which took
place during the past summer and autumn.
These experiments must be regarded as the
most important advance step yet taken in the
direction of practical results. They demon-
strate very clearly the solution of the problem.
They show that by the aid of a series of wing-
dams of moderate cost the Wisconsin river can
be rendered navigable for steam vessels draw-
ing five feet of water. From a statement of
Captain Nader, published in advance, and
embraced in substance in the report just sub-
mitted to Congress, I quote:
"Before entering upon the subject of experi-
ments, and their result, I will give a few important
properties of the river which are in close connection
with its improvement. The first is the supply of
water at its lowest stages.
"At the Portage the quantity is nearly three thou-
sand cubic feet per second, which is increased along
its route by a number of small tributaries, until it
enters the Mississippi with a volume of seven thou-
sand cubie feet per second, being a little less than
one third of the whole Mississippi at Prairie du
Chien, above the mouth of the Wisconsin.
" The next thing of importance is the condition of
the river at particular places.
" Wherever the whole volume of water flows in
one channel of moderate size—say from three to
four hundred feet wide—the depth of water is not
less than six feet; but where the river-bed is wide,
or divided by islands into a number of minor chan-
nels, the current is not capable of carrying the sand,
and bars result, reducing the depth, at many places,
to less than two feet; and in such places the bottom
fluctuates with the surface during moderate stages,
which, alone, goes to show that if tho proper equi-
librium is once established for any depth, the same
would be preserved.
" Upon the foregoing peculiarities was based the
plan of tho experimental improvements by means
of wing-dams, and it was decided to decrease the
breadth of the low-water channel sufficiently to
produce the required depth, by building dams from
alternate sides of the river. The ease with which
the sand could be moved left no doubt as to the
cutting of a channel, but at the same time left the
stability of the dams in doubt. The dams were in-
tended to confine only the low-water channel, and
were built to the low-water surface only, so as not
to impede high water.
" Twenty-two dams were built during the past
season, varying from fifty to seven hundred feet in
length, and give a total length of sixty-six hun-
dred and twenty foot. Tho experiments were made
at two points—one near Dekorra, eight miles below
Portage, and the other near the Lone Rock bridge.
The dams were built of stone and brush only, with
a little gravel to stop leaks at tho bottom and pre-
vent undermining.
" The latest poundings of the comparative surveys
made in connection with tho experiments, gives
already, practically, a four-feet channel. Tho chan-
nel was then still improving and adjusting itself to
the curve which was expected; and had thero been
time to expend about twelve hundred dollars more,
and had not the obstruction of the aforementioned
bridge existed, it would have been in my power to
report a reliable live-feet channel for the seven
miles under construction.
"As to the stability of the work I have not the
slightest doubt, although repairs may and will be
necessary; yet of the sixty-six hundred feet of dam
every foot is as built, in place; and I consider the test
which they withstood when they were in such a stage
that the water was just pourin'g over in one sheet,
as much severer than any they would be subject to in
high water, for it is a known fact that when the
height of water above the dam is considerable, as
compared to the height of the dam, the irregular-
ities on the surface disappear and the upper water
flows off freely, while that at the bottom scarcely
moves, and a deposit takes place which makes the
work more secure.
"As regards the cost of the work, this is below any-
thing yet estimated; and so far has been $4,000 per
mile, including all exponses incident to commencing
a work without precedent. This can probably be re-
duced to $3,000 per mile, and perhaps less for the
whole river, making a total pf about three hundred
thousand dollars. Additions and repairs will neces-
sarily follow, but the expense will be comparatively
small."
Colonel Houston says;
"I feel, no doubt, that by the system of wing-dams
a reliable navigation of at least four feet, and m all
probability five feet, can be obtained."
From this repoit it will be seen that this
Water communication can be rendered entirely
available, and made to subserve the pressing
need of a vast'area of country and an immense
and rapidly augmenting commercial traffic, at
an expense of only $300,000—a sum utterly
insignificant in view of the present and pros-
pective importance of the enterprise to both
the East and the West.
I pass now to consider briefly the other ques-
tion involved in the improvement, namely, its
importance. And this is the vital question to
be considered, because if this projected work
is what it is claimed to bo, if it is likely to
accomplish the half of what its friends insist
it is clearly capable of doing, then the ques-
tion of cost becomes wholly secondary and sub-
ordinate. The American people can be trusted
to do a thing when it can be demonstrated that
it is obviously the proper thing to do. The
diseussion of this question opens up a broad
field of inquiry, which, I regret to say, can only
be touched upon in the brief time allotted me.
The primary object of this improvement is
to secure tho advantages of cheap transporta-
tion by water for the cereal products, espe-
cially the wheat, of the vast and fertile region
of country lying between the Missouri river and
the base of the Rocky mountains—a region
capable, with proper cultivation and develop-
ment, of furnishing the breadstuffs for a whole
continent of people.
A secondary but not unimportant object is
to provide additional facilities for transporting
the immense freight and merchandise which
annually moves in either, but mainly in the
opposite direction. These objects, it will at
once be seen, are of sufficient magnitude to
lift this improvement above the level of a
merely local interest, and to invest it with all
the characteristics and features of a great
national enterprise; and such it is.
Now, sir, if you glance at the map you will
perceive that the proposed improvement con-
nects the upper trans-Mississippi States and
Territories with the great lakes, and furnishes
to that vast region of country continuous water
communication with the markets of the sea-
board. And here upon these general state-
ments, which are incontrovertible, this whole
case might be rested. But I turn from these
to what is stronger and more conclusive than
any generalization—the argument of statistics.
Indeed,, no merely general or wholesale state-
ment, however unqualified, can convey an
adequate idea of the magnitude of this enter-
prise. The simple facts are the strongest argu-
ment.
1 have alluded to its importance in the
transportation of wheat to the markets of the
Hast. This consideration alone is ample to
explain the deep interest taken in it by the
great States of Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota,
Nebraska, and by the hardy settlers in the
region still beyond.
From the report of General Warren, made
in the month of July, 18G8, bearing on this
subject, I quote:
"The region of the upper Mississippi is preemi-
nently adapted to the production of wheat, and the
low price at which land can now be purchased, and
tho ease with which it can be tilled, make_ wheat-
growing one of tho most profitable of pursuits."
"It is estimated that there are now two million
acres of land under cultivation in Minnesota, and
that of wheat alone there is this year a produot of
twenty million bushels. It is also estimated that
this is only about five per cent, of the capacity of the
State when it shall all come under cultivation. It
so, the future crop may reach four hundred million
bushels in this State alone, amounting to twelve
million tons; of this two thirds would not bo needed
by the population of the State, so that thero would
be of this article alone eight million tons for trans-
portation. . .
" At the present time it is estimated that m the
States of Wisconsin, Illinois, Iowa, and Minnesota
there are seventy million bushelsof wheat lor trans-
portation eastward, within the limits of the Missis-
sippivalley tributary to the watcrlmes of transporta-
tion, tho improvement of which is underlay eharge,
(namely, the Mississippi and tributaries aboveitock
Island rapids,) and one half of which would, were
the Wisconsin and Fox river line as good now as.it
is susceptible of being made, pass over that line m
preference to any other; that is, about 35,000,000
bushels, or 1,050,000 tons. The present charges for
transporting this from the Mississippi river to Laka
Michigan, by railroad, is about five dollars per ton,
making thecostof moving this half of thecrop from
tho Mississippi to the lakes, not including river
transportation, $5,250,000. It is believed that the
railroad transportation would be profitable at $3 SO
per ton.
"We have arrived at this by allowing two oents
per ton per mile, and averaging the length of the
following roads:
Miles.
Fulton and Chicago 336
Racineand Savanna 142
Dunleith and Chicago 189
Prairie du Chien and Milwaukee 104
La Crosse and Milwaukee 195
Hudson and Bayfield 150
St. Paul and Superior 150
"Thecompetition of an independentcanal and river
line would then bring the railroads down at least to
this price, and make the price of moving half of this
year's crop $3,675,000, thus effecting a saving to tho
producers and consumers of SI,785,000.
" If the red line, as it is called, from New York to
Chicago, should effect an extension to the Missis-
sippi, and carry freights at the rates they now do,
which is about one and seven tenths per ton per
mile, it _would not reduce the price in Minnesota, for
connections can only be made by way of Chicago, and
the increase of distance would make, at even these
low rates, ahigher average cost of reaching the lake
from the Mississippi. Even those points on the Mis-
sissippi nearest Chicago, like Bock Island, Savanna,
and Dunleith, would, by the red line, lose all tho
benefits to be derived from the water transportation
from Lake Michigan east, since the grain, once in
these cars, would have to go on them all the way to
the sea-board at the same rates.
"We believe it safe to say that a good lineof water
transportation from the Mississippi to Green bay can
be built so as to profitably transport wheat at ono
half cent per ton per mile. The line would be 280
miles long, and this would make the cost $1 40 per
ton, a saving of $1 90 per ton over the cheapest
practicable railroad transportation. This, in tho
present wheat crop, would save over what the rail-
roads charge $3 60 per ton, making a saving of
S3,780,000; or, allowing the railroads to carry as
cheap as possible for them to do, the canal would
carry $1 90 per ton cheaper, which would save on
this year's crop $1,995,000.
"It must be kept in view that in these last figures
we have supposed one half the crop to go by rail-
road, and down the Mississippi below the rapids,
and we have not taken into account the benefits of
the trade from Lake Michigan to the Mississippi,
which will be quite as great an addition. Nor have
we more than stated the great future productions of
thesincle State of Minnesota. Itisprobable that tho
developmentwill be so rapid in all this wheat-grow-
ing region that all the present and proposed rail-
roads, as well as the canals and rivers, will be
wanted as fast as they can be built. The stimulus
to a full development of the agricultural resources
which a return of one hundred per cent, per annum
gives eould not, of course, be felt to that extent but
in favored localities for present transportation.
'' Perhaps the foregoing is enough to insuro full and
thorough consideration of tho plans and estimates I
have submitted for improving tho Wisconsin river."
These estimates, be it remembered, ivere
made almost four years ago, and four years of
growth in such a magnificent country as we
are considering means much—more, I suspect,
than many of our steady-going friends tit the
East apprehend. Statistics based upon the
results of the past season would render stilt
more manifest the value of this project.
In the examination I have beenable to give
the subject I have been struck with tho fact,
not that the wheat-producing territory has been
constantly extending with tho star of empire
westward—that was to be expected—but that
while the West has been year by year growing
more and more of this cereal, the older States
and communities of the Fast have been grow-
ing less and less.
New England and New York produce, not
relatively, but actually, less wheat than thirty
years ago, while States then having no exist-
ence are now supplying in great measure the
eastern demand. I have been unable to find
reliable statistics for 1830, but in 1849 the New
England States produced in round numbers
1,191,000 bushels of wheat; in 1859, 1,084,000
bushels; and in 1869, 1,000,700 bushels.
The State of Now York in 1819 produced
13,122,000 bush els; in 1859,8,681,000 bushels;
and in 1869, under the stimulus of higher prices,
the quantity rose to 12,200,000 bushels, still
nearly 1,000,000 bushels short of the crop of
twenty years before. The force of these figures
is enhanced when we remember the large in-
crease of population ana consequent increase
of demand in those years. The Commissioner
of Agriculture, in referring to wheat culture in
