1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
reference. The morning hour begins at four
minutes part twelve o'clock.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (EL R. No.
1391) to provide for the satisfaction of claims
due to certain American citizens for spoliations
committed on their commerce prior to the year
1S00; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
apportionment of representatives.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1813) supplementary to an act for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the ninth
census; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
s p. jocelyn.
Mr. POLAND introduced abill (EL R. No.
1341) for the relief of S. P. Joceiyn ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committeeon Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
fishery interests of massachusetts,
Mr. BUFFINTON presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Massachusetts in relation
to the fishery interests of that Commonwealth ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
navigation' of 1'royidence 1uver
Mr. EAMRS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1345) for the improvement of navigation in
Providence river, and to establish a light-
house at Pyramid Rock: which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
catherine harris.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1310J for the relief of Catherine Harris; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to bo printed.
oaths of importers.
Mr. MERRIAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1347) to authorize State officers to adminis-
ter oaths and affirmations to importers ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. MERRIAM. I desire to ha?e the bill
read at length.
The bill was read at length, and was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
james a. bell.
Mr. MERRIAM also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1348) for the relief of James A. Bell,
of Dexter, in the State of New York; which
was read a first, and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
internal revenue act
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1340) to amend section one hundred and ten
of the internal revenue act, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read afirst. and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and otdered to be printed.
pensions of wul of 1812.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1350) to amend an act entitled an "Act
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812, and the widows of
deceased soldiers," approved February 14,
1871; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to
be printed.
john paink.
Mr. KILLINGER introduced abill (H. R.
No. 1351) for the relief of John Paine; which
whs >-e;ul a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
francis moore.
Mr. HARMER introduced abill (H. R. No.
1352) for the relief of Francis Moore; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
jennie e. savage.
Mr. HARMER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1353) for the relief of Jennie E. Sav-
age ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
sarah pdgh.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1354) granting a pension to Sarah Pugh, widow
of George Dreher, deceased, a soldier of the
war of 1812 ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions aud War of 1812, and ordered to
be printed.
george w. bradley.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1355) granting a pen-
sion to George W. Bradley; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1356) for the
relief of George W. Bradley ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
charles hoffmann.
Mr. McJUNKIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1357) for the relief of Charles Hoffmann,
late lieutenant of company E, seventy-eighth
regiment Pennsylvania infantry volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be piinted.
daniel c bogg3.
Mr. McJUNKIN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1358) for the relief of Daniel C. Boggs,
late second lieutenant of company G,_ fourth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1359) abolishing the Bureau of Refugees.
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, and pro-
viding for the freedmen's hospital in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first, and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
william a. welch.
Mr. HAND LEY introduced a bin (H. R.
No. 1360) authorizing and instructing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay William A.
Welch, deputy United States marshal. $481 Co
for services rendered the Government in
taking the eighth census for Randolph county,
iti the State of Alabama ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
public land purchasers.
Mr. HANDLEY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1361) to relieve innocent pur-
chasers of lands entered in accordance with
an act of Congress approved August 4, lbo4,
in the State of Alabama: which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lauds, and ordered to
be printed.
public building at bay st. louis.
Mr. PERCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1362) for the construction of a public building
at BavSt. Louis. Mississippi: which was read
a first and second time, relerrt-u to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
settlement of public lands, ktc.
Mr. PERCE also iutroduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1363) to provide for the settlement of the
public lands, to encourage industry, create
school fund, to educate and elevate the con-
dition of our laboring population, and to in-
crease the productive resources of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
written opinions of 1aw officers.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 95) relating to heads of Depart-
ments or bureaus calling upon their solicitors
or an assistant attorney general for written
opinions; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
julina wooten.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1364) granting a pension to Julina
Wooten; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, aud ordered to be printed.
friendship lodge, of trenton, tennessee.
Mr. CALDWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1365) for the relief of Friendship Lodge,
No. 22, of Trenton, Tennessee; which was read
a first aud second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
samuel b. davis.
Mr. VOORHEES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1366) to place the name of Samuel B.
Davis, late a corporal in company C, eight-
eenth regiment Indiana volunteers, on the
pension roll at the rate of full disability, from
and after the 4th day of March, 1806; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
rebecca g. shaw.
Mr. VOORHEES also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1367) for the relief of Rebecca G.
Shaw, mother of John A. Shaw, late aprivate
in the eleventh regiment of Indiana volunteers:
which was read a first and second time, with
the accompanying papers referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
charles 0. wood.
Mr. VOORHEES also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1368) for the relief of Charles O.
Wood ; which was read a first and second
time, with the accompanying papers^ referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
type and other printing materials.
Mr. VOORHEES also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1369) to abolish all duties and im-
posts on type and other printing material, and
also to abolish all duties and imposts on all
articles used in the manufacture of type and
other printing material, and to place the same
on the free list; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee ol
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
william a. graham.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, introduced a bill
(H R. No. 1370) for the relief of the hens
of William A. Graham ; which was read a firs-t
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
colonel william c. kisb.
Mr. MANSON introduced a bill (H. R- No.
1371) granting a pension to Colonel William
C. Kise; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
anderson w. scott.
Mr. SNAPP introduced a bill (H. R. No.
jj 1372) to place the name of Anderson \\ . bcott
on the pension-roll; which was read a first ami
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed
