1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3517
give an equivalent duty for the present ad
valorem duty. Two years ago the duty on
rags was repealed, and rags are now free. ]t
js true, as lias been stated by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, lhat there
is an export duty upon rags imposed by some
count! ies. Out ot' one hundred and three mil-
lion pounds of rags exported, only one half
the whole quantity, or foity-three million
pounds, were imported from England. We
receive only a small quantity irom those
countries which impose an export duty.
We huve reduced the duties upon the raw
materials connected with this industry. We
propose, if this bill passes with the rates fixed
by the committee, to reduce the duty upon
paper. We also reduce the duty upon leather,
upon calf skins, and other forms of leather
which are used in binding books. And while
we are doing this, it seems to me we ought not
to increase the duty 011 books. We are actually
giving book-making a greater protection under
this hill if we allow it to remain exactly as it
is But we ought to reduce the duty 011 books,
as we are reducing the duty on other imported
articles. We ought, if we make anything free,
to make knowledge free as far as it is possible
to do so, without doing injustice to the indus-
tries of the country. Hence. 1 believe that we
can make the reduction to the rate proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana, of ten cents
per pound. I shall therefore support that
amendment.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. I am opposed to
making books tree, but in favor ot a reduc-
tion upon that article as well as on everything
else. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. FaR.vs-
wortii] remarked yesterday that there is a
strange silence upon the subject of reveuue in
the course of ibis debate on the tariff. I de-
sire to add to thai that there has been a marked
silence on the subject of profits. In the course
of all this discussion we are constantly hearing
talk about wages ; nothing about prolits. We
are constantly hearing about labor, but nothing
about the proprietors. Why, sir, any man lis
tening to this debate might think that all the
protected industries in the United States of
Aniertc.i were carried 011 under the coopera-
tive system, and lhat, all th£ bounties and
benefits which we vote by the tariff we have
voted diiectly into the pockets of the laborers;
while, as we all know, there is a middleman
who stand, between our legislation and the
laborer, the proprietor, the corporation, the
firms and individuals who carry 011 these in-
dustries. These men get the money in their
own hands, and what do they do with it? It
goes into their profit and dividend accounts,
while 'hey pay their einploy6s just what the
general course of wages compels them to pay.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Con-
ger] yesterday made an attack 011 my col-
league 011 the Committee of Ways and Means
from Illinois, [Mr. Buiiciiard,] and attempted
to fasien on him and eveiy revenue refoimer
the character of unfriendliness to labor.
That was in a discussion about tlie small re-
duction of the tariff on lumber. Now, does
that gentleman mean to have us believe tha^
if you will reduce tlie duty on lumber to day
a coi responding reduction will be made in the
wages of the men who cut the timber? Is
there no such thing as proprietors ot timber
lands? Is ihere no such thing as a malgin
of profit within which we may reduce?
Let mo put the converse of the case. Sup-
pose to day we increase the duly 011 lumber
or paper, or books, fifty per cent. Do gen-
tlemen mean to say that to-morrow the pro-
prietors will advance the wages of their labor-
ers fitly percent.? Certainly no one on this
floor is verdant enough to believe any such
proposition as lhat. I say lhat in this matter
of books the reduction recommended by the
committee, like all the other reductions in the
bill, may affect the margin of piohts but it
does not touch labor.
I hold in my hand a book to which I have
sometimes referred, a report of the bureau of
statistics of labor of Massachusetts, and it is
to the honor of that State, be it said, that of
all the States in the Union it is the only one
candid enough to expose the true relations of
labor to capital, and that book shows that
precious little of the increase of profit created
by your tariff has gone into the pockets of the
laborer. lhat book shows that while the
tariff has been tripled within the last ten
years, the wages of labor have only increased
sixty three per cent., and lhat while they are
geiting nothing more than the general course
of wages throughout the country, the proprie-
tors themselves have been realizing handsome
profits. As a matter of course, when ihey
get this money under the tariff they do not, in-
tend to pay their laborers one cent more than
the general rate of wages compels them to
pay. The rales of labor depend upon the
agreement between the laborer and the pro-
prietor, and if the proprietors should attempt
to reduce the wages of labor in any particular
branch below the average rate of wages in the
country, the laborers would simply quit and
go into some other business.
I11 the time of the revenue tariff before the
war wages in this country were higher than
in Europe or in Canada. That arises from
the nature of the country, the sparsely-settled
population of the country compared with
European countries, and a number of other
things which regulate the rate of wages, just
as supply and demand regulate things.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a vote.
Mr. HOL.UAN. I have a word or two to
say before this vote is taken.
Mr. DAWES. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent that debate on this paragraph ho closed
after the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. liov
max] shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Notquit.e.
Mr. DAWES. Well, after two gentlemen
have spoken.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps somebody
else may want to speak.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my motion
to strike out t.his paragraph for the purpose of
submitting another motion, if my colleague
[Mr. Kkur] will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. KERR. Is it necessary to withdraw
my amendment in order to enable the gentle-
man to offer his?
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to go in as a proviso after the proviso
adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] It is as follows:
Provided further. That school -books arid charts
ami m.ips used by common schools, liiblos ami
Testaments, shall be free of duty.
The CHAIRMAN. That will not be in
order while the amendinentof the gentleman's
colleague [Mr. Kerr] is pending.
Mr. KERR. For the present, I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now offer the amend-
ment I have indicated.
Mr. DAWES. That is^ a proposition to
bring foreign school-honks into our schools.
Mr. HOLM AN. White the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] is vigilant in
his duly as chairman of the leading committee
of the House, he ought not to forget the dig*
nitv of his position. He should not forget
that while he represents a special interest on
the pending subject not very tiiendly to the
common interest of the whole country  
Mr. DAWES. What interest is that? 1
have no special interest.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman represents
apparently the interestof the publishing houses
of Boston.
Mr. DAWES. Not a bit.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman should not
intimate that other gentlemen here are influ-
enced in their conduct oil this subject by
unworthy motives.
Mr. DAWES. I never have.
Mr. STORM. Yes. you did.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman forgets the
insinuation that he made when he Said he
regretted to see a British subject crouching at
the ears 0*" members of this llouse.
Mr. DAWES. I repeat, that.
Mr. HOLMAN. You do?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, I do.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do you apply that to any
gentleman on I his floor?
Mr. DAWES. Nothing is so humiliating
to me as to see that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman apply
that to any gentleman upon this floor?
Mr. DAWES. I do not apply it to you.
Mr, HOLMAN. That is suflicient for me.
The gentleman made his renuuk immediately
after I had uttered a few words in behalf of
the right of the common intelligence of the
country to he exempt from taxation.
Mr. DAWES. There ia no more high-
minded gentleman in the House than the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I indorse the sentiment
[laughter] in reference to the gentleman fiorn
Massachuset ts.
Mr. DAWES. I did not intend to reproach
any member of the House; 1 only referred to
the manifest impropriety of an alien approach-
ing any member of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume that I was per-
haps a little sensitive on this question, us I
had just, spoken, so there is an end tg it. I
had attempted to Ray something in behalf ot
tree intelligence, but 1 do not think that my
friend from Massachusetts should have indulged
in words that by any possibility might have
been deemed an imputation of an unworthy
motive on the part of any of his associates on
this floor. Being assured, however, that 1 whs
mistaken, 1 will now proceed with my remarks
upon this subject.
No gentleman can say a word in behalf of
the common cause of education, or in behalf
of facilities for the education of 1 he eii izetis
of this great Republic which may fit them for
the highest duties of citizens, and be out of
place in this Chamber. I desire to say further
that it is humiliating to the country that argu-
ments should be urged, far-fetched and remote,
against allowing the freest scope for acquiring
information, in favor of a tax on learning, or
the means of learning—a tax by the avoiidu-
pois of twelve and a hulf cents per pound.
Twenty-live per cent, ad valorem seems to be
more creditable—a morespintual idea, at least.
Then the gentleman who bought his elegant
encyclopedia or the grand toine^ of the Old
World uta cost of many thousand dollars would
pay a tax in proportion to the value ot ti.e work,
while the indigent scholar or mechanic who is
not able to find in our own stores the works
he desires, would pay according to his more
humble means and the value of ihe books, when
he has to send abroad for them. Bui a charge
according to the avoirdupois is simply mon-
strous. The gilt volume of costly eiigiavings
and elegant type of the antique forms would
pay 110 more than a book of little value. I he
gentleman forgets that this coimtiy is cosmo-
politan too in its charactcr. Gieat numbeis
of Germans come here trom all portions ot
the German woild, and Switzoibmd. Sweden,
and Denmark send countless thousands to
our prairies to build up homes upon our soil.
They will long,while loving their adopted coun-
try, love the books and literature and lan-
guage of the laud of their nativity. They wilt
get their books from the old home. ,13^3
especially a tax upon German books, and the
gentleman from Massachusetts must know the
fact. It proposes to deny the proper facilities
for furnishing to that large and growing por-
tion of our population the woiks required lor
sources of intelligence. 1 et the gentleman rotB
Massachusetts pi opuses that upon the sources
of information so necessary to these classes ot
