1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
seamen at a place out of the United States, in
which there ig a consular officer or commer-
cial agent, shall, before carrying such seaman
to sea, procure the sanction of such officer,
and shall engage seamen before such officer ;
and the game rules as are hereinbefore con-
tained with respect to the engagement of sea-
men before a shipping commissioner in the
United States shall apply to such engagements
made before consular officer or commercial
agent; and upon every such engagement the
consular officer or commercial agent shall in-
dorse upon the agreement his sanction there-
of, and an attestation to the effect that the
same has been signed in his presence, and
otherwise made as hereby required; and every
master who engages any seaman in any place
in which there is a consular officer or com-
mercial agent otherwise than as hereinbefore
required shall incur a penalty not exceeding
one hundred dollars, for which penalty the
ship shall be held liable ; and all such agree-
ments so made shall be void, and the seamen
so engaged shall be entitled to recover the
highest rate of wages of the port from which
the seaman was shipped.
Sec. 16. That all stipulations for the allot-
ment of any part of the wages of a seaman
during his absence which are made at the com-
mencement of the voyage shall be inserted in
the agreement, and shall state the amounts
and times of the payments to be made, and
..he persong to whom such payments are to be
nade.
Sec. 17. That no advance of wages shall be
nade or advance security given to any person
jut to the seaman himself, or to his wife or
nother ; and no advance of wages shall be
made, or advance security given, unless the
agreement contains a stipulation for the same,
and an accurate statement of the amount there-
of ; and no advance wages or advance security
shall be given to any seaman except in the
presence of the shipping commissioner.
Sec. 18. That if any advance of wages is
made or advance security given to any seaman
in any such manner as to constitute a breaeh
of any of the above provisions, the wages of
such seaman shall be recoverable by him as if
no such advance had been made or promised;
and in tbe case of any advance security so
given no person shall be sued thereon unless
Ee was a party to such breach.
Sec. 19. That whenever any advance security
is discounted for any seaman, such seaman
shall sign or set hia mark to a receipt indorsed
on the security, stating the sum actually paid
or accounted for to him by tbeperson discount-
ing the same; and if the seaman sails in the
ship from the port of departure mentioned in
the security, and is then duly earning his
wages, or is previously discharged with the
consent of the master, but not otherwise, the
person discounting the security may, ten days
after the final departure of the ship from the
said port of departure mentioned in the
security, sue for and recover the amount prom-
ised by the security, with costs, either from the
owner or from any agent who has drawn or
authorized the drawing of the security, in any
justice's or other competent court; and in any
such proceeding it shall be sufficient for such
person to prove the security was given by the
owner or master, or some other authorized
agent, and that the same was discounted to
and receipted by the seaman, and the seaman
shall be presumed to have sailed in 'the ship
from such port as aforesaid, and to be duly
earning his wages, unless the contrary is proved.
Sec. 20. That the master shall, at the com-
mencement of every voyage or engagement,
cause a legible copy of the agreement (omit-
ting signatures) to be placed or posted up in
such part of the ship as to be accessible to the
crew ; and on default shall, for each oifence,
incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred
dollars.
Sec. 21. That any seaman who has signed
an agreement and is afterwards discharged be-
fore the commencement of the voyage or before
one month's wages are earned, without fault
on his part justifying such discharge, and with-
out his consent, shall be entitled to receive
from the master or owner, in addition to any
wages he may have earned, a sum equal iu
amount to one month's wages as compensa-
tion, and may, on adducing such evidence as
the court hearing the case deems satisfactory
of having been so improperly discharged as
aforesaid, recover such compensation as if it
were wages duly earned.
Sec. 22. That all seamen discharged in the
United States from merchant ships engaged in
voyages as described in section twelve of this
act shall be discharged and receive their wages
in the presence of a duly authorized shipping
commissioner under this act, except in cases
where some competent court otherwise directs;
and any master or owner of any such ship who
discharges any such seaman belonging thereto,
or, except as aforesaid, pays his wages within
the United States in any other manner, shall
incur a penalty not exceeding fifty dollars.
Sec. 23. That every master shall, not less
than forty-eight hours before paying off or dis-
charging any seaman, deliver to him, or if he
is to be discharged before a shipping commis-
sioner, to such shipping commissioner, a full
and true account of his wages, and all deduc-
tions to be made therefrom on any account
whatsoever; and in default shall, for each
offence, incur a penalty not exceeding fifty
dollars ; and no deduction from the wages of
any seaman (except in respect of any matter
happening after such delivery) shall be allowed,
unless it is included in the account delivered;
and the master shall, during the voyage, enter
the various matters in respect to which such
deductions are made, with the amounts of the
respective deductions as they occur, in a book
to be kept for that purpose, to be called the
"official log-book," as hereinafter provided,
and shall, if required, produce such book at
the time of the payment of wages, and, also,
upon the hearing, before any competent au-
thority, of any complaint or question relating
to such payment.
Sec. 1A. That upon the discharge of any
seaman, or upon payment of his wages, the
master shall sign and give him a certificate of
discharge, specifying the period of his service
and the time and place of his discharge, in
the form hereto annexed^ marked '• je;'! and
if any matter fails to sign'and give to any such
seaman such certificate and discharge, he shall,
for each such offence, incur a penalty not
exceeding fifty dollars: Provided, That the
proviso annexed to section twelve, which
applies to masters of vessels engaging seamen
uuder that proviso, shall also apply to such
masters of vessels in the discharge of seamen.
Sec. 25. That every shipping commissioner
shall hear and decide any question whatso-
ever between a master, consignee, agent, or
owner, and any of his crew, which both par-
ties agree in writing to submit to him ; and
every award so made by him shall be binding
on both parties, and shall, in any legal pro-
ceedings which may bo taken in the matter,
before any court of justice, be deemed to be
conclusive as to the rights of parties, and any
document purporting to be under the hand and
official seal of a commissioner, [respecting]
such submission or award shall be prima-facie
evidence thereof.
Sec. 20. That in any proceeding relating to
the wages, claims, or discharge of any sea-
man, carried on before any shipping commis-
sioner, under the provisions of this act, such
shipping commissioner may call upon the
owner, or his agent, or upon the master, or
any mate, or any other member of the crew,
to produce any log-books, papers, or other
documents in their respective possession or
power, relating to any matter in question in
such proceedings, and may call before him
and examine any of such, persons, being then
at or near the place, on any such matter; and
every owner, agent, master, mate, or other
member of the crew, who, when called upon
by the shipping commissioner, does not pro-
duce any such books, papers, or documents
as aforesaid, if in his possession or power,
or does not appear and give evidence, shall,
unless he shows some reasonable cause for
such a default, for each offence incur a pen-
alty not exceeding one hundred dollars, and,
on application being made by the shipping
commissioner, shall be further punished in
the discretion of the court, as in other cases
of contempt of the process of the court.
Sec. 27. That the following rules shall be
observed with respect to the settlement of
wages, that is to say: first, upon the comple-
tion, before a shipping commissioner, of any
discharge and settlement, the master or owner,
and each seaman respectively, in the presence
of the shipping commissioner, shall sign a
mutual release of all claims for wages iu
respect of the past voyage or engagement, and
the shipping commissioner shall also sign and
attest it, and shall retain it in a book to be
kept for that purpose: Provided, That both
the master and seamen assent to such set-
tlement, or the settlement has been adjusted
by the shipping commissioner; secondly, such
release so signed and attested shall operate
as a mutual discharge and settlement of all
demands for wages between the parties thereto,
on account of wages, in respect of the past
voyage or engagement; thirdly, a copy of
such release, certified under the hand and
seal of such shipping commissioner to be a
true copy, shall be given by him to any party
thereto requiring the same, and such copy
shall be receivable in evidence upon any
future question touching such claims as afore-
said, and shall have all the effect of the ori-
ginal of which it purports to be a copy;
fourthly, in cases in which discharge and set-
tlement before a shipping commissioner ate
hereby required, no payment, receipt, settle-
ment, or discharge otherwise made, shall
operate as evidence of the release or satis-
faction of any claim; fifthly, upon payment
being made by a master before a shipping
commissioner, the shipping commissioner
shall, if required, sign aud give to such mas-
ter a statement of the whole amount so paid,
and such statement shall, between the master
and his employer, be received as evidence
that he has made the payments therein men;
tioned.
Sec. 28. That upon every discharge effected
before a shipping commissioner the master
shall make and sign, in a form marked "B,"
in schedule thereto annexed, a report of the
conduct, character, and qualifications of the
persona discharged, or may state on said form
that he declines to give any opinion upon
such particulars, or upon any of them ; and
the commissioner shall keep a register of the
same, and shall, if desired so to do by any
seaman, give to him or indorse on his cer-
tificate of discharge a copy of so much of
such report as concerns htm.
Sec. 29. That every seaman, being a for-
eigner, who declares his intention of becom-
ing a citizen of the United States in any com-
petent court, and shall have served three years
on board of a merchant ship or ships of the
United States subsequent to the date of such
declaration, may, on his application to a in-
competent court, aud the production of h.s
certificate of discharge and good conduct
