1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4413
DISTRICT STREET RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2247) giving the approval and sanction
of Congress to the termini and route of the
Anocostia and Potomac River railroad, and
to regulate its construction and operation, the
question being on the amendment reported by
thf> Committee on the District of Columbia as
A substitute for the bill.
Mr. KELLY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on the District of
Columbi'a in section six, lines six and seven,
by striking out the words " along East Cap-
itol street from Ninth to," and inserting "A
street north to;" so as to read, "extending
its railway along A street north to Eleventh
street east."
The object of this amendment is to continue
the Metropolitan railroad from its present
terminus on the same street on which it now
is. The amendment offered by the commit-
tee proposes to run the road along East Cap-
itol street. The residents of that street have
serious objections to this. One objection is,
that East Capitol street is one of the widest
streets in the city, and has not been heretofore
improved in any way, and they are now grad-
ing it and proposing to make it one of the
most beautiful streets in the city of Washing-
ton. It is the only one that can be beautified
to an extraordinary beauty upon Capitol hill.
It looks out, as you are all aware, on the front
of the Capitol. It is the gate-way from the
east to the Capitol. It is proposed to park
that street, to plant it with trees and shrub-
bery either at the sides or in the center. Is
that a street on which a railroad should be
put?
I am satisfied that a large majority of the
people residing along East Capitol street are
utterly opposed to putting a railway there.'
They are perfectly willing it shall go along A
street, which is only one block distant. My
amendment proposes to give the company the
right to extend its railway from its present
terminus on A street north, until it reaches
Eleventh street east; that is, at Lincoln Park.
If that be done, we shall have an unimpaired
and beautiful street on Capitol Hill, which
will be a credit to the city, and as the resi-
dents along that street do not desire the rail-
road to be there, I hope my amendment will
,be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
apply the five-minutes rule to thi3 bill.
Mr. WEST. Not yet.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought that by unan-
imous consent we might agree to do it.
' Mr. WEST. There is more- in this bill than
the Senator thinks of. It is not an appropri-
ation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
cannot be entertained without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought we wanted to
get through.
Mr. SAWYER. I presume we shall not
have a five-minutes speech on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from South
Carolina has already spoken twice on this bill,
and the fourth rule applies to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas raise that point of
order?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes. sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair rules that the Senator from South Caro-
lina has spoken twice and cannot speak again.
Mr. SAWYER. This is a new amendment.
I can speak on that. All I wish to say is about
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina can speak on this
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SAWYEK. All I wish to say about-it
is that I am told that more than half the resi-
dents on East Capitol street have petitioned
that this road shall be on East Capitol street;
and I will state further that the present charter
of the Metropolitan Railroad Company allows
them to pass down East Capitol street, and
therefore it requires a repeal of that to effect
the object of my friend from Oregon.
Mr. KELLY. I propose by another amend-
ment to repeal it. I will simply say that this
Metropolitan company have had their charter
extended some six or eight times I think, cer-
tainly four or five, within which to complete
the road along East Capitol street, and they
have failed to do it; and inasmuch as they
have utterly failed to do it, I propose by and
by to offer an amendment to repeal that pro-
vision.
Mr. WEST. I do not rise to address the
Senate so much with reference to this particu-
lar amendment as against this bill in its en-
tirety. It was discovered a day or two since
here when the question of street railroads was
raised in connection with the sundry civil ex-
penses appropriation bill, that railroads were
being laid down in the city of Washington
without authority of law, and the friends of
some of the parties in interest appealed to the
Senate for consideration in behalf of those
who had invested their money in good faith,
and an understanding was had that prior to
the adjournment of this body we would give
due consideration to the claims of those
parties. A very innocent little proposition
with reference to one railroad was to have
consideration, and what do we find? We find
that the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia have reported back a bill embracing five
distinct railroads in this city. In other words,
here is a proposition to gridiron the city of
Washington with street railroads, brought in
here at the last hour of the session, when we
have no time to consider it at all. Upon the
plea that we would do justice and would re-
lieve the perplexity and necessity of a com-
pany that had proceeded upon the work of
laying down a railroad in good faith, we are
now asked to have a railroad for street cars
throughout the whole city of Washington that
I venture to say the city of Washington and
its people will regret for the next fifty years.
The Senator from Vermont has pointed out
one or two of the enormities of this bill. I have
asked the attention of the Senate to the fact
that it is an omnibus bill. It is an omnibus
railroad bill spreading over this whole town
and granting numerous franchises. Here let
me call attention to one particular feature of
it, and that is that it proposes to surrender the
whole of a grand avenue that has just cost the
community of Washington $200,000. It pro-
poses to surrender that to a railroad company.
The Boundary Railroad Company, starting
from the boundary of Washington, at the in-
tersection of Seventh street, is to have the ad-
vantage of a magnificent highway, which has
just cost $200,000, and to monopolize it. Any
of the Senators here who have driven out
Fourteenth street can understand how much
that drive has been marred by even a single
track; but here is a proposition to put down a
track on Seventh street, four miles long, on a
street sixty-five feet wide.
Mr. SAWYER. With the proviso that no
part of it shall be on the macadamized portion
of that road.
Mr. WEST. Let me tell the Senator from
South Carolina that that is just where the cat
is under the meal. That proviso is the worst
feature of the bill, and I will show him how.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Louis-
iana permit me to ask whether he will yield
for a motion to lay the bill on the table ? _ I-
wish to ask the Senate to take up the bill in
reference to bridges across the Ohio river, for
the reason that it is evident from the disposi-
tion to discuss this bill and the opposition
which it is eliciting, that a vote cannot be
reached upon it to-night. If he will yield I
will make the motion.
Mr. WEST. I will yield with the under-
standing that if the motion fails I shall have
the floor on this railroad bill.
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly. Then I move that
this bill be laid on the table for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the Ohio
river bridge bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. WEST called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator from
Pennsylvania would withdraw the motion for
a moment, that we may see whether we cannot
act upon the bill.
Several Senators. The motion is not
debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senate give me
unanimous consent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to lay on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to make one
observation.
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot withdraw the motion,
having obtained the consent of the Senator
from Louisiana, who is on the floor to make it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there
be no objection, the Senator from Massachu-
setts will proceed. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. The pending bill bears on
several local railroads, and I assure the Sen-
ate it will be a serious derangement of affairs
here in Washington should this Congress dis-
perse without having settled these various
claims. The Committee on the District of
Columbia have considered each of these roads
separately, and then yesterday morning took
them all into consideration again, collected
them, and you have the results of their delib-
erations in the pending bill. I believe it is
the best that cau be devised; and should
it fail now, there will be an arrest of local
improvementshere which I think every Senator
would regret to have take place. I think,
therefore, for the sake of the District, for the
sake of these streets, for the sake of the pub-
lic convenience, the bill ought to be acted on ;
and if the Senate will only give a little atten-
tion to it, it will see that on the whole it is the
best we can do. I believe, if it is adopted,
there will be a great many interests that will
be reconciled, and when we come back again
we shall find our opportunities substantially
increased here in the city.
Mr, SCOTT. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. BORBMAN. I thought that motion
was withdrawn.
Mr. SCOTT. I made the motion to lay on
the table. I did not yield for the purpose of
hearing an argument in favor of this bill. I
supposed it was some other subject that the
Senator from Massachusetts wished to speak
upon. The bill which I propose to take up is
not one that has been presented only on the
last day of the session affecting railroads, but
one which has been on the table of the Senate
for two years and affecting a great, natural
highway which is being obstructed year after
year, to the great detriment of the whole pop-
ulation of the Mississippi valley. It is that
which I wish to take up and have action upon ;
and the motion is not so much in hostility to
these railroads as from the fact which is appa-
rent that they cannot have action at this hour
of the session. I now renew the motion and .
ask for a vote on it, to test the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing motion is not debatable.
Mr. BOREMAN. I merely wish to make a
remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor will proceed, unless objection bl made.
