1?26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
q, recent article, says this crop has diminished
in the middle States one third, or thirty-three
per cent, in the last twenty-five years.
Now, turn for a moment to some of the
western States interested specially in this im-
provement. In 1849 Wisconsin grew of wheat
4,236.000 bushels; in 1859, 15,657,000 bush-
els; and in 1869, 25.606,000 bushels. Iowa in
1849 grew 1,530,000bushels; in 1859, 8,450,000
bushels ; and in 1869 only a fraction short of
80,000,000 bushels. Minnesota in 1849 grew
1,400bushels; in 1850, 2,187,000bushels; and
in 1869 only a fraction less than 19,000,000
bushels; the three States together producing
about one third of the total wheat crop of the
country.
Beyond these is Nebraska with her-seventy-
six thousand square miles, whose Legislature
has memorialized Congress for this improve-
ment ; and a vast region of territory north and
west, .mere fragments of which have as yet
been cultivated, ere long to become the grain
garden of the New World.
Why, sir, the examinations and investiga-
tions made within the last two or three years,
in connection with the location and construc-
tion of the North Pacific railroad, have brought
to the attention of the public the fact which
only the few knew or realized before, that far
beyond the reach of present settlement or
civilization, far beyond the extreme limits of
our northern boundaries, even, are countless
acres of virgin prairie capable of yielding
thirty, forty, or fifty bushels of wheat to the
acre.
Last season, a party of distinguished gentle-
men made a trip through Minnesota, Dakota,
and Manitoba, and in looking through their
reports of the country I confess the statements
seem to savor more of romance than reality,
and yet there is no reason to doubt their truth.
Of western Minnesota and the valley of the
Red river C. W. Bryan, one of these gentlemen,
says in a letter to the Springfield Republican :
"Since leaving Minneapolis, first by rail to Morris,
on the St. Paul and Pacific road, one hundred and
fifty-five miles, then by coach to Frog Point, on tho
Ked river, one hundred and eighty miles, and thence
by steamer one hundred and sixty miles in a direct
line, but nearer flue hundred ol actual river travel
to Fort Garry, where I now write, I have looked
and wondered, and feasted and tired my eyes, with
the miles upon miles of prairie, almost unbrokon
save by the trail over which we passed, until I am
dazed with wonder and admiration, and utterly fail i
to find words for an adequate expression of the sen- 1
sations which moved me as I looked upon tho im-
mense green sea of the great Northwest/
'Along tho entire length of the railroad, thriving
villages have sprung up as fast as the railroad has
progressed, and towns of two years' growth, and one
year, and six weeks even, were busy, bustling places,
having the prairies about them cultivated and be-
ginning to bloom with the first fruits of and first
attempts at agriculture. Prom Morris, where we
lefttiiecars and took to stage-coaches, 'across lots/
until we struck the Fort Aborerombie and Rod
river trail, our way was for many miles over a most
beautiiul rolling prairie, with now and then a hab-
itation, until we reached Pomme deTerre, a distance
or nearly forty miles, where we struck the great
level prairie of all the western world. Tho prairie
sea rolled its waves of grass before and around us,
and naught broke the monotony of the swell save
the beaten trail we were following, and the eye
looked out and on until it could see nothing but
prairie and sky blending in the distance so closely
as to render it impossible to say where the prairie
ended and where the sky began." > * * *
"l^yrecerit journey across the prairies and down
tneKed river convinces me that thero is good found-
ation lor all the hopes which those interested
have in the growth and development of the great
Northwest. Here is surely a soil of the greatest
lertihty, and a climate very much milder and better
adapted to thet growing of cereals than has been
supposed to exist here until quite recently. And
now that I have reached and looked upon this far-
away region, which we have been told is to become
the garden of the worlu, I am tantalized by thestate-
mentjust made tome by one who has been there, that
still richer and more promising fields exist still fur-
ther on, m the valleys of the Saskatchewan and Yel-
lowstone rivers. The iron horse will mark out and
the highway which will bring the settlers
to tins distant country, and when he has introduced
thf m.to their frontier homes on the broad prairies,
will follow up that work by bringing to them the
means and facilities requisite for the successful de-
velopment of these opening western worlds, and at
no distant day carry back the wheat which can be
grown here by the million bushels/'
Governor Bross, so well known to the coun-
try as a gentleman of the highest character,
speaking of the Red river country, says " the
soil of the valley fully equaled expectations.
It is a dark, rich loam, and, as we saw for our-
selves, will produce fine crops of wheat, oats,
barley, and potatoes. The grasses that cover
it are very nutritious, as the fat cattle we saw
abundantly testify."
Mr. Marsh, writing to the Advance, from
Fort Garry, in the British province of Mani-
toba, twa hundred and fifty miles north of the
line of the Northern Pacific, railroad, says :
"The same remarkable fertility that I mentioned
last week as the great characteristic of the Red
river valley appears here in data that cannot be
disputed. Governor Archibald told us of fields that
had been cropped with wheat for forty successive
years, and which still yield from thirty to forty
bushels an acre. We saw those which were sown on
the 15th of May and reaped on the 1st of August!
Oats, barley, and potatoesyield corresponding crops,
the secret of this remarkable summer growth, aside
from the fertility of the soil, lies in the length and
warmth of the summer days. Though the nights
were cool, during the week we were there the mer-
cury went up at mid-day, in the shade, to one hun-
dred degrees. And not only are the days warm, but
here on the fiftieth parallel they are several hours
longer than with us, as is easily understood when it
is remembered that on the sixty-eighth parallel,
in summer, daylight lasts the twenty-four hours
through. With such longdays and warm days grow-
ing crops ought to do good work. Essentially the
same conditions exist for fifteen hundred miles fur-
ther on up tho great Saskatchewan valley, which, if
it had the population to till it, could raise wheat
enough to feed the world. Bishop Tache, who, as
priestly explorer, traversed all this country years
ago, told us that the Saskatchewan was navigable
for a thousand miles save somo short rapids in two
places aboutfive hundred miles apart/'
1 might multiply evidence on this subject,
but X torbear. Enough has been shown to
satisfy any one, even the most incredulous,
that the resources of the great Northwest are
as yet but feebly comprehended.
Here is a country large enough for a mighty
empire, rich in agricultural resources, still
stretching away in countless acres, as it came
from the hand of the Almighty, unbroken by
the plowshare but ready, at the magic touch
ot labor, to glow and gladden with the golden
harvest—a country, as we have already seen,
to be ere long the wheat granary of the nation.
But it may be said that only a part of this
vast area is to be accommodated by this chan-
nel. It is unquestionably true that the more
northerly portions of it will make use of the
proposed improvement of St. Mary's river, but
it is also true that they will be benefited by
a competing channel further south. The
greater the competition in means of transport-
ation, the better for buyer and seller. But
sir, this improvement now under consideration
will be employed by and will accommodate the
great majority of the people within the limits
1 have specified. Within the past year one
hundred and forty thousands tons of shipping,
aside from wheat and lumber, passed through
that portion of this canal already completed,
and this is but a fraction of the business of the
same class which will be done as soon as the
improvement shall be consummated from the
lake to the river.
It is hardly probable, with the sum Con-
gress may be expected to appropriate, that the
work can be completed before the expiration
of two, or three, or possibly four years from
the present time.
At the end of that period it is safe to affirm
that not less than fifty million bushels of
wheat will be transported by way of this chan-
nel to Lake Michigan and the East every sea-
son, which amount will be augmented almost
indefinitely in subsequent years, and that a
vast tonnage of merchandise and miscellaneous
freight will pass through it East and West every
year; to all of which may be added an un-
limited quantity of coarse grains hitherto of
small consequence, because debarred by cost
of transportation on railroads from being
moved to the markets of the East. When
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. WaldSm] was
speaking a few days since of burning corn for
fuel in portions of his State, because it would
not pay at existing rates to ship it, it occurred
to me that if the present generation cannot
devise some remedy for using corn as fuel in
the West, while in the marts and workshops of
the East the poor are needing it for bread, it
will have left one great duty undone.
Indeed, sir, there is hardly a question of
domestic economy this nation can consider of
such vital interest as the question of cheap
transportation. It is the commercial desidera-
tum of to-day, vastly more important in its
relations to the development and prosperity
of the nation than the revival of our shipping
interests, and these I certainly would not
undervalue. It is but another word for wealth-
creation. The possibilities of national growth
are largely bound up in it. The very magni-
tude of our domain pleads for it, and in the
remarkable topography of the country an all-
wise Providence has pointed out the way to it.
In this connection I transcribe the follow-
ing significant facts, which have been often
published, and cannot be, and never have been,
gainsaid :
''It is ascertained, by comparing the receipts
and the cost of transportation of fourteen different
canals, that the cost of transportation is from tour to
six mills per ton per mile, and the average receipts
eleven and a half mills per ton per mile, making the
cost about thirty-four per cent, of the receipts."
The following table shows the comparative
cost and receipts per ton per mile upon rail-
roads, canals, rivers, bays, and sea-borne:
Classification.
Mills. Mills.
Transportation by railroad 17.90 29 80
Transportation by eanal  6.40 11 40
Transportation by rivers, (steam)  2.26 2^90
Transportation by bays   2.27 3.73
Transportation by ocean  1.26 2.50
From this statement it appears that the re-
ceipts and cost of transportation by rail are
each about three times as great as by canal,
and about eight times as great as by river.
From the report of 1866 of the State auditor
of New York it appears that the Central and
Brie railroads moved that year 809,561,319
tons,at a cost in round numbers of $20,000,-
000, while the canals moved 1,012,448,034
tons, at a cost in round numbers often $10,000,-
000, or one third the cost of railroad trans-
portation. A calculation based on these figures
for ten years carried only to that portion of
business now done by railroads which might
and ought to be done by canals would present
a startling aggregate, but it would only dis-
close what the people are paying to existing
agencies for which they may substitute others
if they will.
And yet, Mr. Speaker, I am satisfied that the
very prominence given to railroads as carry-
ing agents in the last few years.has given the
impression to many that water-ways are things
of the past. I remember, when passing up the
Mohawk valley in the cars, about a year ago,
to have heard from a gentleman of much intel-
ligence the opinion expressed that ere many
years the channel of the Erie canal would be
employed only as a bed for railroad tracks.
Had his mind been directed to the statistics
bearing on the question he would at once have
seen the wildness of the prediction. He had
overlooked the fact stated in the report of
the State engineer of New York, that in the
thirty years ending with 1868 the tonnage of
that canal had increased more than six hun-
dred per cent., and that the annual business
of the same exceeds, by forty per cent., the
total freightage of both the Erie and Central
roads.
In Great Britain and France there are to-day
between eleven and twelve thousand miles of
canal in successful operation, and whoever
lives to see the end of the present century will,
m my judgment, witness in this country a sys-
tem of water communication of which that now
completed is but the feeble beginning.
_ But to return to the project under considera-
tion ; a moment's reflection will satisfy you,
sir, that the sum required for the work will be
saved to the people several times over every
season when once it is completed.
