118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laios of the United Slates.
during that time, together with the certificate
of his declaration of intention to become a
citizen, be admitted a citizen of the United
States; and every seaman, being a foreigner,
shall, after his declaration of intention to
become a citizen of the United States, and
shail have served said three years, be deemed
a citizen of the United States for the purpose
of manning and serving on board any mer-
chant ship of the United States, "anything to
the contrary in any previous act of Congress
notwithstanding; but such seaman shall,, for
all purposes of protection as an Americart
citizen, be deemed such, after the filing of
his declaration of intention to become such
citizen.
Sec. 30. That a seaman's right to w&ges
and provisions shall be taken to commence
either at the time at which he commences
work, or at the time specified in the agree-
ment for hts commencement of work or pres-
ence on board, whichever first happens.
Sec. 81. That no seaman shall by any"agree-
ment. othnr than is provided by this act forfeit
his lien upon his ship, or be deprived of any
remedy for the recovery of his wages to which
he would otherwise have been entitled; and
every stipulation in any agreement incon-
sistent with any provision of this act, and
every stipulation by'which any seaman con-
sents to abandon his right to his wages in the
case of the loss of the ship, or to abandon
any light which he may have or obtain in the
nature of salvage, shall be wholly inoperative.
Sec. 32. That no right to wages shall be
dependent on the earning of freight by the
ship, and every seaman and apprentice who
would be entitled to demand and receive any
wiiges it' the ship on which he has served and
earned freight shall, subject to all other rules
of law and conditions applicable to the case,
be entitled to claim and recover the same of
the master or owner in personam, notwith-
standing that freight has not been earned ;
but in all cases ol wreck or loss of ship, proof
that he has not exerted himself to the utmost
to save the ship, cargo, and stores shall bar
his claim.
Sec. 33. That in cases where the service of
any seaman terminates before the period con-
templated in the agreement, by reason of the
wreck or loss of the ship, such seaman shall
be entitled to wages for the time of service
prior to such termination, but not for any fur-
ther period.
Sec. 31. That no seaman or apprentice shall
be entitled to wages for any period during
which he unlawfully refuses or neglects to
wolk when required, after the time fixed by
the agreement for ins beginning work, nor,
unless the court hearing the case otherwise
directs, for any period during which he is law-
fully imprisoned for any offence committed by
him.
Sec 35. That the master or owner of any
• ship making voyages as hereinbefore described
in section twelve of this act, except foreign-
going ships, shall pay to every seaman his
wages within two days after the termination
of the agreement, or at the time such seaman
is discharged, whichever first happens ; and
in the case of foreign-going ships, within three
days after the cargo has been delivered, or
within five days after the seaman's discharge,
whichever first happens ; and in all cases the
seaman shall, at the time of hts discharge, be
entitled to be paid, on account, a sum equal
to one fourth part of the balance due to him ;
and every master or owner who neglects or
refuses to make payment in manner aforesaid
without sufficient cause shall pay to the sea-
man a sum not exceeding the amount of two
day's pay for each of the days, not exceeding
ten days, during which payment is delayed
beyond the respective periods aforesaid ; and
such sum shall be recoverable as wages in any
claim made before the court: Provided, That
this section shall not apply to the masters or
owners of any vessel where the seaman is enti-
tled to share in the profits of the cruise or
voyage.
Sec. 86. That any three or more of the
crew of any merchant ship of the United
States, as described in section twelve of this
act, may complain to any officer in command
of any of the ships of the United Stat.es Navy,
or any American consular officer, or any
shipping commissioner, or any chief officer of
the customs, that the provisions or water for
the use of the crew are at any time of bad
quality, unfit for use, or deficient in quantity;
such officer shall thereupon examine the said
provisions or water, or cause them to be ex
atnined ; and if on examination such provisions
or water are found to be of bad quality and
unfit for use, or be deficient in quantity, the
person making such examination shall signify
the same in writing to the master of the ship;
and if such master does not thereupon provide
other proper provisions or water, where the
same can be had, in lieu of any so signified to
be of a bad quality and unfit tor use, or does
not procure the requisite quantity of any so
signified to be insufficient in quantity, or uses
any provisions or water which have been so
signified as aforesaid to be of bad-quality and
unfit for use, he shall, in every sucli case, in-
cur a penalty not exceeding one hundred dol-
lars; and upon every such examination as
aforesaid the officers making or directing the
same shall enter a statement of the result of
the examination in the log book, andshall send
a report thereof to the district judge of the
port at which such vessel is bound, and such
report shall be received in evidence it) any
legal proceedings.
Sec 37. That if the officer to whom any
such complaint as last aforesaid is made cer-
tifies in such statement as aforesaid that there
was no reasonable ground for such complaint,
each of the parties so complaining shall be
liable to forfeit to the master or owner, out of
Ins wages, a sura not exceeding one week's
wages.
Sec. 38. That if any seamen, as aforesaid,
while on board any ship, shall state to the
master that they desire to make complaint, as
aforesaid, to any consular officer, or naval
officer of any ship of the United States, or any
shipping commissioner, against the master,
the said master shall, if the ship is then at a
place where there is any such officer as afore-
said, so soon as the service of the ship will
permit, and if the sfiip is not then at such a
place, so soon after her first arrival at such
place as the service of the ship will permit,
allow such ^eauien, or any of them, to go
ashore, or send him or them ashore, in proper
custody, so that he or they may be enabled to
make sueh complaint; and shall in default
incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred
dollars.
Sec. 39. That in the following cases, that is
to say, first, if, during a voyage, the allowance
of any of the provisions which any seaman
has, by his agreement, stipulated for is re-
duced (except in accordance with any regula-
tions for reduction by way of punishment,
contained in the agreement, and also for any
time during which such seaman wilfully, and
without sufficient cause, refuses or neglects to
perform his duty, or is lawfully under confine-
ment for misconduct, either on board or on
shore); secondly, if it is shown that any of
such provisions are, or have been during the
voyage, bad in quality, and unlit for use, the
seaman shall receive by way of compensation
for such reduction or bad quality, according to
the lime of its continuance, the following
sums, to be paid to him in addition to, and to
be recoverable as, wages, that is to say: first,
if his allowance is reduced by any quantity
not exceeding one third of the quantity speci-
fied in the agreement., a sum not exceeding
fifty cents a day ; secondly, if bis allowance is
reduced by more than one third of such quan-
tity, a sum not exceeding one dollar a day;
thirdly, in respect of such bad quality, as afore-
said, a sum not exceeding one dollar a day.
But if it is shown to the satisfaction of the
court before which the case is tried that any
provisions, the allowance of which has been
reduced could not be procured or supplied in
sufficient quantities, or were unavoidably in-
jured or lost, and that proper and equivalent
substitutes were supplied in lieu thereof m a
reasonable time, the court shall take such
circumstances into consideration, and shail
modify or refuse compensation, as the justice
of the case may require.
Sec. 40. That every ship belonging to a
ciiizen or citizens of the United States, as
described in section twelve of thi< act, shall
be provided with a chest of medicines; and
every sailing ship bound on a voyage across
the Atlantic or Pacific ocean, or around Cape
Horn, or the Cape of Good Hope, or engaged
in the whale 'or other fisheries, or in sealing,
shall also be provided wiih, and cause to be
kept, a sufficient quantity of lime or lemon
juice, and also sugar and vinegar, or other
anti-scorbutics, as Congress may sanction, to
to be served out to every seaman as follows,
that is to say, the master of every such ship,
as last aforesaid, shall serve the lime or lemon
juice, and sugar and vinegar, to the crew,
within ten days after salt provisions mainly
have been served out to the crew, and so long
afterward as such consumption of salt provis-
ions continues, the lime or lemon juice and
sugar daily at the rate of half an ounce per
day, and the vinegar weekly at the rate of half
a pint, per week for each member of the crew.
Sec. 41. That if on any such ship as afore-
said sucn medicines, medical stores, lime or
lemon juice, or other articles, sugar, and vin-
egar, as are hereinbefore required, are not
provided and kept on board, as hereinbefore
required, the master or owner shall incur a
penalty not exceeding five hundred dollars ;
and if the master of any such ship as atoie-
said neglects to serve out the lime or lemon
juice, and sugar and vinegar in the case and
manner hereinbefore directed, he shall for
each such offence incur a penalty not exceed-
ing one hundred dollars; and if any master is
convicted in either of the last mentioned pen-
alties, and it appears that the offence is owing
to the act or default of the owner, such mas-
tor may recover the amount of such penalty,
and the costs incurred by him, from the
owner.
Sec. 42. That every master shall keep on
board proper weights and measures for the
purpose of determining the quantities of the
several provisions and articles served ou', and
shall allow the same to be used at the time of
serving out such provisions and articles, m the
presence of a witness, whenever any dispute
arises about such quantities, and in default
shall, for every offence, incur a penalty not
exceeding fifty dollars. And every vessel
bound on any foreign port shall also be pro-
vided with at least one suit of woollen cloth-
ing for each seaman for use during«the winter
months, and every such vessel shall be pro-
vided with fuel and a safe and suitable room
in which a fire can be kept for the use of
seamen.
Sec. 43. That whenever any seaman or ap-
prentice belonging to or sent home on any
merchant ship, whether a foreign-going ship
or home-trade ship, employed on a voyage
whjch is to terminate in the United Sta'es,
dies during such voyage, the master shall take
