3518
THE CONGKESSIOKA.L GLOBE.
May 10,
our foreign population—upon Bibles, school-
books, and works ot'a mechanical or scientific
character—a lax of twelve and a half per cent,
shall be le\ ied.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman overlooks
the fact I liar, by an amendment of ihe gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] to which I have
assented, books in a foreign language are to
be admitted free.
Mr HOLMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. IIoar] proposes to exempt
colleges and academies of learning from this
taxation. This is a proposition in favor of
the academies, colleges, and professors. He
did not say a woicl about the teacher of the
common schools, nor a word about the poor
school boy sitimg on a hard bench with his
naked legs dangling underneath. Valuable
old bocks, books for colleges, academies, doc-
tors of laws, professors, are to come in free,
but books for the peopleare to be taxed twelve
and a half cents a pound by the avoiidupois.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. B(J i'LElt, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Chairman, to bring to the attention of the
committee a matter which I think has not been
well understood ; and 1 only venture to speak
upon it because I can do so experimentally,
and from a knowledge gained bv foriy years
spent in a manufactin ing city. I know, if I
know anything, the relations between the la-
borer and his wane, between capital and labor;
and it is to me a gratifying fact lhatan im-
provement (whether a sufficient improvement
or not, is atiot her question) is now going on in
favor of the laborer. lie is getting a greater
share of the value of his product than he did
some years ago.
1 will give the House a few facts. In a
woolen mill in which 1 have some interest,
started in 1840, the price of the labor, enter-
ing into such cloth as 1 am wealing, was only
twebc and a halt' per cent.; or to express it
in other lenns, the whole cost of tiie cloth
beyond twelve and a half per cent, was eiiher
materials, d} e stuff, machinery, intetest upon
Cmp t, 1 or profit. That coiporation wnh
SI,000,000 capital was compelled to suspend
its ba-inoss lor want of success in 1849. Again
itenurelv failed m 1857; and ihe stock which
cost $1,000 a share was sold for filiy dollars a
share. The machinery, tools, water-power,
and land, which cosl $900,000, were sold for
$300,000. The corporation was leorganized
by puiiing in $300,000 of working capital. As
reorganized, upon a basis of §500,000 capital,
it went through the war making what are
known as Navy cloths and Bay State shawls.
It made, as all other manufacturing establish-
ments did, large dividends; the dividends in
this case being larger because the company,
when the war began, foreseeing what was
going to happen, bought large quantities of
wool at tweniy-five and thirty cents a pound,
and was enabled to inanufactuie and sell the
article when wool was worth one dollar a
pound.
Bat upon an accurate examination, looking
at the matter not for the purpose of affecting
taiiff laws or any similar purpose, but to as-
certain the relative proportion between wages
of labor and the aggregate co;,t of the goods
at the present time as compared with a peiiod
fourteen or fifteen years ago, it is found that
while labor at that time constituted but twelve
and a half per cent, of the value of the arti-
cle, it now constitutes nineteen per cent.; that
is to say, whereas from fourteen to twenty
years ago the laborer received but twelve and
a half per cent, of the value of the man
ulactured product he now gels nineteen per
cent., while the profits of the capitalist upon
the same class ol' goods are no higher now
than they were then.
I mention this as a matter of business in-
formation to the House. Whether it is owing
to tariff or free trade, or laws of any kind, it is
>a gratifying fact for the American workman
that according to the most careful statistics
be is now gradually obtaining larger percent-
age of the cost of production in a great branch
of manufacturing industry. And therefore,
although the increase of protection has gone
on, he gets his share of the increase of that
protection. And to show the House how
carefully it is estimated, let me say in this
establishment of which 1 speak everything is
estimated by the cost which it requires to
manufacture an ounce of wool ; and everything
is recognized by the ounce, although in six
months it uses up six hundred and forty-eight
thousand pounds of wool.
Mr. Chairman, I have given these facts not
to sustain any theory. 1 have taken no part
in this debate. I have my own theories in
this matter. I do not think that tariff laws
make much difference—not as much as people
sometimes imagine. I have given the House
these facts, which the members of the House
may apply each according to his own theory.
Mr. FlNKELNBURGrose, but was entirely
inaudible.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to add one word further. I have only been
speaking of the relative distance between the
cost of capital and material and the cost of
labor; and that relative distance does act
independently, of course.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, I wish to add a few facts to the
infoimation which the gentleman frotn Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butleu] has just given to the
House concerning the benefits of a protective
tariff on the welfare and products of labor, and
the condition of the laborer. In my district
there is a rolling mill, at Phenixvillc, which
some years ago was scarcely able to get along,
and was on the eve of bankruptcy. By virtue
of the provis.ons of a protective tariff it has
been enabled to progress very well, until now,
by the skill acquired by the workmen, and by
the ingenuity of the men at the head of the
concern, it has added an admirable bridge-
building branch to its large establishment. It
now builds iron railroad bridges for all parts
of the country. And by the skill it has ac-
quired through protective legislation it has
been enabled to come into successful compe-
tition with all the world. There was an iron
railroad bridge advertised to be built in Canada.
It entered into competition with the Canadian
manufacturers and the manufacturers of ling-
land, and it was able to carry off the contract
from all of them. This it has done, although
it charges lower rates and a lowerprice on iron-
work because of the superior quality of the
iron, the superior arrangement of material,
and its greater tensile strength. It has been
enabled to make iron 
Mr. MORGAN. 1 objectto the gentleman's
going into the general discussion of the tariff.
The pending pai agrapli is on the duty on books.
Mr. TO WiSiSIiND, of Pennsylvania. 1 hope
the gentleman will notinsist on this objection.
Mr. MORGAN. This is on the subject of
books and not on railroad bridges.
The CHAIRMAN. State your point of
order.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman does not insist upon it. Whenever
the subject of iron is broached here it has the
same ctfecton gentlemen on the other side that
shaking a red rag has on an angry bull.
[Laughter.] Butwe have to do it occasionally.
Now, I wish to say in regard to the wages
of labor that from the table which was fur-
nished to me by the supeiintendent of that
company, and read before the House some-
time ago, the wages of labor paid in that estab-
lishmentappear to be more than twice as high
as m England, and to some kinds of workmen
three or four tunes as much, and the workmen
all have comfortable homes.
I wish to say in addition to gentlemen on
the other side of the House, as well as to gen-
tlemen on this side who are in favor of low
duties, that they are inconsistent in their prin-
ciples and conduct, because ihey are the advo-
cates to-day of some of the most absolute
monopolies of the world. If I understand
their position, they are in favor of the copy-
right law, which gives an absolute right to the
authors of books, adding to the cost in the
hands of the children whose interests have
been so pathetically advocated here. They
are also in favor of patent laws. They are in
favor of giving the absolute right of making
and selling to men who invent mowing-ma-
chines or sewing-machines, the absolute and
undisturbed monopoly for fifteen years in
those articles, no matter how high the price,
no matter how indispensable to the indus
try of the com)try, nor how high a price
they may charge to the farmer for his agri
cultural machines; no matter how much they
may charge for a sewing-machine to the poor
servant girl in a garret in New York, which
she needs to earn her living. They are in
favor of those monopolies, and they support
them with earnestness whenever they may be
assailed. The gentleman from the great city
of New York, my friend to the left, [Mr.
Brooks,] is to-day advocating one of the
greatest monopolies of the country, the navi-
gation laws for the protection of the coasting
trade, which gives the whole of that trade to a
few favored individuals. Will he give thatup?
He dare not do it.
Mr. BROOKS. Give us free trade and we
will.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. No
doubt lie will then.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. BEATl'Y. Mr. Chairman, as the gen-
tlemen from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and
Pennsylvania [Mr. Towxsexd] havedi.-cussed
the tariff with reference to its elt'eci upon the
laboung men engaged in cotton, woolen, and
iron manufactories, it will perhaps fie equally
pertinent for me to say a few words in regard
to its effect upon the wool-growers of tile coun-
try. 1 propose to show that the profits of the
wool-grower have not been increased hitherto
by your tariff l^iws, while the manufacturer has
enjoyed all the advantages which they were
designed to confer.
While 1 believe this bill will, as a whole,
afford relief to the great body of the people, if
it becomes a law, 1 nevertheless desire to enter
my protest agamt the blind and indiscriminate
mode of reduction which it contemplates.
The proposition to reduce existing duties ten
per cent, on articles enumerated in the second
section might be lair enough if these duties had
been so adjusted originally as to afford an
equitable percentage of protection to all the
industries affected by them, and if, also, since
they were laid, there had been 110 change in
the relative strength and prosperity of those
iudustries. But you strike down the prin-
ciple upon which this doctrine of protection is
founded when you withhold from the weak and
struggling that which the stalwart and inde-
pendent no longer needs. Protection when
measured out by the lule proposed becomes
robbery and extortion. It confounds the weak
with the strong, and deals out its bounties to
each with an utter disregard of the condition
or prospects of either. It is against tins unjust
feature of the proposition that I piotest.
I proposed an amendment to exempt wool
from the general reduction contemplated. 1
did it, not because the wool-growers ask any
special favors lrom this House, but because
they have a right to expect that justice shall
be done to them. They have been led to sus-
tain the system of protection by the assurance
that they would be permuted to participate in
its benefits, but up to this hour they have not
been benefited to the extent of one farthing
by your protective legislation, and now, when
the wool tariff for the first time promises to
be in some degree effective and afford them
