830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
CHANCiE OE LOCATION OF BANK.
Mr. SNAPP also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1373) to change the location of a bank;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, and ordered to be printed.
JUSTUS F. JONES.
Mr. BEVERIDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1374) to grant a pension to Justus P.
Jones, late a private in company E, seventh
Iowa infantry; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BEVERIDGE also introduced a bill
(H. It. No. 1375) to provide for the payment
of an allowance of $100 to the volunteers
accepted under the President's proclamation
of May 3, 1861; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN TERRITORY 01' OKLAHOMA .
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. 11. No. 137G) for the better protection
of the Indian tribes and their consolidation
"under a civil government to be called the ter-
ritory of Oklahoma; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Territories, and ordered to bo printed.
SURVEY OK GRANTS OH CLAIMS OX' LAND.
Mr. WELLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1377) to repeal an act entitled ''An act for
the survey of grants or claims of land," ap-
proved June 2, ]8(>2; which was read a first,
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
MISSOURI CLAIMS.
Mr. COMINGO introduced fi bill (II. R. No.
1378) referring claims of loyal citizens of the
Stiite of Missouri to the commissioners ap-
pointed under act of Congress approved March
3, 1871, and for other purposes; which was
read a (iist and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
MUMPIIIR ANT) KANSAS CITY, HTC., RAILROADS.
Mr. COMINGO also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1370) to declare the Memphis and Kan-
sas City, and I he K ansns City and Missouri rail-
roads military and post roads, and for other
pui poses; which was read a first and second
time, K'feiTcd to the Committee on the Public
Land;:, and ordered to be printed.
JtKLIUl' OF MISSOURI CITI/.HNS.
Mr. COMINGO also introduced a bill (II.
II. No. Jo80) for the relief of certain citizens
of the counties of Jackson, Cass, Bates, and
Vernon, in the State of Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to bo
printed.
WILLIAM SHUMATE.
Mr. BLAIR. of Missouri, introduced a bill
(II. It. No. 1381) granting a pension to Wil-
liam Shumate, a soldier of the war of 1812;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
ALEX ANDKK M'AKTIIUR.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1382) for the relief of Alexander Mc-
Artlmr, of the eiiy of Corunna, m the State of
Michigan: which was roud a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
JAMK.S M'GINNISS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1383) (or the relief of James Mc-
Ginniss; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
SHIP-CANAL, TEXAS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1384) providing for a survey for a
ship-canal from the waters of Galveston bay
to Sabine lake, Texas; which was read a fiist
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1385) for the removal of the
legal and political disabilities of certain citi-
zens of the State of Texas; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
JOHN CLKGIIORN
Mr. ORR introduced h bill (H. R. No. 1386)
for the relief of John Clegliorn, late register
of the land office at Sioux City. Iowa; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1387) for the relief of Lucas, O'Brien, Dick-
inson, and other counties in the State of Iowa;
which wa3 road a first, aud second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
BHIDOK OVHR MISSISSIPPI RIVHR.
Mr. COTTON introduced a bill (II. U. No.
1388) to authorize the construction and main-
tenance of a bridge over the Mississippi river
between Carroll or W'hitesides county, Illinois,
and Jackson or Clinton county, fow:i, aud to
establish the same as a post road; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 call for the reading of
t!ie bill just introduced.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
REMOVAL 01' POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing and passing a
bill to remove the political (liabilities of'all
persons included by the classes of persons
therein designated.
Mr. MONROE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, as several gentlemen,
including myself, desire to introduce bills.
The SPKAIv.HR. The motion to suspend
the rules is in order on Mondays sixty minutes
aflT the readme of the Journal.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 waive my call for read-
ing of the bill introduced by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Cotton,] and ask that the
bill be printed and relet red.
1 he SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expiied, and the gentlennm cannot now waive
the call because another question is engaging
the attention of the House. The bilion which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] moved to suspend the rules will be read.
The bill, which was read, provides for the
removal of the political disabilities imposed
by the third section of the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States from all persons included by
the following designated classes to whom dis-
abilities attach by reason of participation and
implication in the late rebellion, after having
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States in connection with and as
part of their oaths of office, to wit: alt per-
sons who took such oaths as postmasters, or
clerks of postmasters, as United States mar-
shals, and deputy or assistant United Slates
marshals, judges^ of probate and judges of
other courts of inferior jurisdiction in any
State, and the cleiks and other officers of
such courts; clerks and registers of equity
courts; and masters and examiners ia chan-
cery; sheriffs aud deputy sheriffs, justices of
the peace, all municipal officers, including
the mayor, aldermen, and other officers of any
city, town, or village; commissioners of roads
and revenues; constables and all other execu-
tive and administrative officers who were by
law elected to office prior to the rebellion by
the people of any city, county, town, village,
or parish, the general duties of whose office
were restricted in their purpose to such city,
county, town, village, or parish; but the bene-
fits of this act are not to extend to any per-
sons, although included by the above specified
classes, who resigned their seats as members
of Congress, or as officers of the. Army or
Navy, and afterward joined the rebellion ; nor
to persons who voted for an ordinance of
secession while members of a convention of
any State which adopted such ordinance.
Mr. PERCE. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether this
removes the disabilities from any but those
included in the bill passed by this House,
which is now pending in the Senate?
Mr. RANDALL. It does not remove nearly
as many. It applies to those persons elected by
the people of their respective counties, towns,
parishes, and villages to office, and where,
before they entered upon the discharge of
the duties of their offices, they were compelled
to take an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States. The bill, as far as I can
learn, is entirely unobjectionable. It applies
to those who in point of fact had no agency in
biinging about secession.
Mr. ELDRtDGE. I think it is objection-
able in the proviso.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the only way in
which *p e.m get it through.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
Mr. CONGER. Does this bill provide that
nil of these persons shall take a new oath of
allegiance ?
Mr. RANDALL. It does not.
Mr. CONGER. Does it provide for their
making any application to be relieved from
these disabilities ?
Mr. RANDALL. It does not. I have no
objection if the gentleman will indicate the
amendment which he would desire to make for
that purpose. I wish the administration of
affairs in the southern States to be in the hands
of intelligent people, of men who, as it were,
at the time were innocently dragged into the
rebellion.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that the first part of
the bill be again read.
Mr. COX. Let the bill be read through, so
the House may exactly understand what it is.
The bill was again read.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand the gentle-
man gives way to me for the purpose of offer-
ing an additional amendment in the nature of
a proviso.
Mr. RANDALL. I will hear the amendment
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That all persons relioved by
this net shall take an oath of allegiance to the United
States before the clerk of the United States district
court in which said persons reside, and said oath
shall be filed in said court.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to accept-
ing that proviso as a part of the bill if the gen-
tleman from California will modify it so as to
provide that the oath of allegiance may be
mailed to the United States court and filed
there, because otherwise it might require any
one of these persons living in remote districts,
and far away from the United States court, to
go to the district court of the United States
for the purpose of filing his oath of allegiance.
Let the oath of allegiance be mailed and filed
and the gentleman's object will be fullyaccom-
plished.
Mr. SARGENT. I agree to that modifica-
tion of the proviso.
Mr. RAN DALL, Then I accept the amend-
ment as modified as a part of the bill.
1 he question recurred on suspending the
rules and passing the bill as modified.
