2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
deny the right of the State to tax to an extent
not greater than the average tax upon other
property in the State. What is that? Is that
an averment on our part that the State has no
such power unless we grant it to it? Not at
ail. All that it is is simply this: that if the
State has not that power without our permis-
sion, we give the permission; we do not say
■whetherit has the power or has not the power;
bat if it has not the power we give it to remove
all trouble on the subject. That is all there
is of it. It does not affirm that the State has
not the power ; itconveys no implication that
the State has not the power, but it simply says
this: that if the same law is applicable to a
railroad chartered by Congress that is appli-
cable to a bank chartered by Congress, that is
applicable to the ships owned by Congress,
that is applicable to the bonds issued by Con-
gress, that is applicable to the national banks
created by Congress; if there is the same
reason in regard to a railroad that there is in
regard to them, and therefore the same law;
if that is the ease, then we assert that the
State may tax the railroad property. We do
not undertake to decide the question one way
or the other.
I believe the State will have the rightto tax,
and I believe it for a very good reason, which
I have stated, and which I am not going to
argue, that Congress has no power to charter
this company for the purpose of making this
road through States without their consent. I
believe that,, but I do say, and I defy any man
in the Senate to maintain the contrary, that
the argument is stronger for exempting a rail-
road company chartered by Congress from
taxation by the State, if Congress has the
power to grant that charter, than it ever has
been for any exemption from State taxation
which has been pronounced by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
If we have aright to make this as'a military
road ; if we have a right to make it in order
that our troops may go over it to suppress in-
surrection ; if we have a right, to make it that
our mails may be carried over it; if we have a
right to make it in order that the commerce of
the country may go over it; if it is a necessary
instrumentality for the execution of powers
vested in Congress and in the Government of
the United States by the Constitution, then I
do say, that if that is its status, the argument
in favor of exempting it from State taxation is
stronger than it ever has been in any case that
ever came before the Supreme Court. My own
opinion has been always that those decisions
were wrong. I believed from the first case,
the case of Weston vs. The City of Charles-
ton, in which it was decided that the bonds
of the United States were not taxable, that
those decisions of the Supreme Court were
wrong.
They went upon a ground that seemed to me
utterly untenable. They rested on the ground
that if the State could tax the obligation of
the General Government, it might tax it out
of existence, tax the power of the Govern-
ment to borrow money out of existence. It
attributed to the State a determination or a
possibility of its exercising its taxing power
so as to deprive the General Government of a
faculty that belongs to it by the Constitution ;
and yet this very court that decided that thing
allows us to tax a State government on its
bonds as if the State government had not the
right to borrow money as well as the Federal
Government; but you never hear one word
said in reference to such a tax as that, though
if that is the case the Federal Government
may deprive the Slates of the power to borrow
money.
Nay, more than that. They have sustained
a law of Congress that taxed the State banks
out of'existence, although that law was passed
avowedly to tax them out of existence, pro-
fessedly to taxihem outof existence, although
its effect was inevitable that it must tax them
out of existence, a tax that 110 banking interest
in the world could bear. Though the purpose
to tax them out of existence was openly and
distinctly avowed, the Supreme Court has sus-
tained that law, and sustained itontheground
that Congress had a right to tax them out of
existence, expressly on that ground that it had
a right to tax them out of existence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But on the ground, too,
that they were not organized to carry on the
fiscal operations of the State, but merely pri-
vate corporations for private purposes like a
manufacturing company.
Mr. THURMAN. If that were so, will any
man get up and say that Congress has a right
to tax the manufacturing companies of the
country out of existence? Has it a right to
tax the mechanics of the country, the mer-
chants of the country, the lawyers, and doc-
tors, and everybody out of the employment
by which they earn bread?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have we not a constitu-
tional right to do so ?
Mr. THURMAN. I say we have not.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Who shall judge of the
limits to which we. shall go?
Mr. THURMAN. That is too large a sub-
ject; I will not go into that. Iam now giv-
ing my own views. It is, perhaps, audacious
to do it after a thing has been settled so long;
but, in view of this fact, who can say that this
is a question that is settled? It has not been
brought up yet into the Supreme Court for its
decision, and I say, therefore, it is the part
of wisdom while we have this before us to
give our assent, that we do not thereby imply
at all any opinion upon the subject whether
the State would have the right to tax without
that permission or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, as mod-
ified on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Upon that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 20 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Carpen-
ter, Oorbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Goldthwaite, Jlamlin, Harlan, Hotvc, Johnston,
Morrill of Maine, Saulsbury, 'i'hurman, and Tip-
ton—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Conklinsr, Cooper, Krelinghuysen, Hill, Kel-
logg, Kelly, Logan, Osborn, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, and
W est—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Davis of
Kentucky. Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Kerry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, G-i Iberr, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pool,Pratt,Ramsey, Rice. Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Sumner, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wilson, Windooi, and Wright—36.
# So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. THURMAN, (at seven o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SCOTT, and others. No, no; let us
pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I now renew the amendment
that I offered before, to insert as an additional
section the following:
That the time for the completion of the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad, asprescribcd in the act of Con-
gress of July 27, 1866, is hereby extended three
years; and the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall not bo required to construct its road
beyond the town of Vinita, in the Indian territory,
at the rate of fifty miles per year: Provided. That
the entire road shall be completed through to the
Pacific ooast within the period prescribed by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is an amendment
too important to be voted upon in silence. 1
should like to have the Senator from Missouri
explain to us fully what it means.
Several Senators. Let us vote it down.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senators will be
good enough to be quiet while I have the floor,
I shall be very much obliged to them, it is
quite meonveuient, even as strong as my voice
is and as fond as I am of speaking, to have
four or five gentlemen addressing the Chair
and me at the same time that I am speaking.
If it is disagreeable to any gentleman to hear
me, the law gives him the privilege to retire,
but it does not give him the privilege to make
his disagreeability known to me here. [Laugh-
ter.]
It Senators are extremely anxious to hurry
on this bill, I will make some observations on
this amendment myself without knowing much
about it; but as I did not rise for the purpose
of prolonging the discussion, but only for the
purpose, if we are to do business at all, that
we should do it as Senators having some re-
sponsibility to our constituents, I think it
right and fair, if it is fit to stay here to pass
this bill, to consider fairly and have fairly ex-
plained any amendment that a Senator on his
responsibility offers.
The Senatorfrom Missouri offers an amend-
ment which is thought to be important. It
relates to some other road. My impression is
against it. Perhaps if I should know what his
grounds are for proposing it upon this bill, I
should be for it. He proposes it in earnest, I
suppose, and if so, he must have some reason
that is satisfactory to himself for proposing it.
Therefore I ask him to give us the benefit of
his knowledge before he asks us to vote, if he
offers the amendment in serious earnest.
Mr. BLAIR. This amendment is by no
means so difficult to understand. The lan-
guage of it is very plain. It simply asks Con-
gress to give this railroad company three years
longer to build its road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is that railroad?
What railroad is it? Where does it lie ?
Mr. BLAIR. The amendment distinctly
states what railroad it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment states
that it is the Atlantic and Pacific. What I
wish to know is where this road begins and
where it ends. The Senatpr says it is the
Atlantic and Pacific. Very well. Does it
begin at the Atlantic and end at the Pacific,
or does it begin at the Pacific and go the other
way and come around? What I want to know
is—and I am asking in serious earnest, unless
the Senator regards this amendment merely
as a joke, and if so I do not wish to take up
time with it—where this corporation is located,
where its line is located, and what are the
grounds upon which we are asked to extend
this time?
Mr. BLAIR. I can hardly think it is pos-
sible that the Senator from Vermont does not
know where this railroad is to be constructed.
I know that he is a very intelligent Senator ;
and this matter has been before Congress
heretofore, and I believe almost every Senator
is acquainted with it. That Senator must be
the only one who does not know where this
railroad is to be constructed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I assure the Senator I
do not know where it is; but of course I have
no right to insist on his telling me. I can
only say if he does not choose to inform me,
then of course I shall know how to vote ; that
is, not to vote for a thing that I do not under-
stand.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no objection to inform-
ing the Senator, and I was about to do so when
the Senator interrupted me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. BLAIR. This railroad is to be con-
structed over the thirty-fifth parallel from the
western border of the State of Missouri to
California.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How near will it be to
this road under consideration?
Mr. BLAIR. Three*degree s of latitude for
