4414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8j
Mr. BOREMAN. If the bridge bill is taken
up, there is one controverted question that will
occupy some time. I do not propose to resist
taking it up, however; but I notify the Senate
that there is one point in it which will elicit
some discussion and occupy some time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered on the motion to
lay this bill on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19. nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Caldwell, Cameron. Chand-
ler, Cole, Cooper, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Texas, Hitchcock. Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Osborn. Pratt, Scott, Stevenson, Thur-
man. and West—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair. Boremnn, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hill, Ramsey, Ilansom,
Rice, faaulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, yprague, Stew-
a*t. -Stockton. Sumner, Vickers, and Windom—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Brownlow,
Conkling. Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Fen ton. Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Gilbert, Goldtliwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg,
Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Patterson. Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson. Schurz, Spen-
cer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Kelly.]
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, the Senator
from Vermont, discovered some objections to
this bill in reference to the route; the Senator
from Oregon has also discovered some objec-
tions to it; and I have not a doubt but what
if every Senator had either the time or the
patience to examine the bill in detail, there
would be scarcely a line of it that would not
disclose some objection to him. I was about
to remark upon the interruption made by the
Senator from South Carolina, that the Bound-
ary road was not to run on the turnpike part
of Seventh street, and 1 tell him, and I think I
will demonstrate to the Senate, that that is one
of the very objections to it. There may be
Other objections to this bill. This is one among
others that I wish to speak of. Seventh street
is sixty five feet wide.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator from Louis-
iana allow' me? Seventh street is one hun-
dred and twenty feet wide, and is being
graded of that width, and this railroad is cou-
' lined to one side of the road by the charter
given by the District Legislative Assembly and
also by this bill.
Mr. WEST. I would ask the Senator from
Missouri where be measures his one hundred
and twenty feet from. From the edge of the
properly on each side?
Mr. BLAlli. I measure it by the width of
the road. I believe that is the usual way of
measuring roads.
Mr. WEST. Let me tell the Senator that
the street which we devote to wagons and rail-
roads is sixty-five feet wide. For that I have
the authority of residents here, and I have
stepped it off myself. Thestreetis turn piked
twenty feet wide in the center, leaving forty-
five feet of road bed, and if you take ten feet
off, that is, five feet on each side, you have but
seventeen and a half for travel. Therefore a
highway that has been improved, that has cost
the community of Washington $200,000 within
a few weeks or months, is now to be surren-
dered to a railroad company to throw every-
body off that street and prevent its being a
convenience to the people for which it was
intended, and give it up to this monopoly. If
a, railroad company wants a street made let it
make it itself. Let this railroad company take
•Eighth street and grade it, let it take Ninth
street and grade it, and not, after the property-
holders of Washington have paid §200,000
for grading and improving a street, thus give
it up to a railroad company, because it is vir-
tually giving it up.
Now, I venture to say that I have had as
much experience in street railroads as any
man in this body, and therefore I presume to
trespass upon the Senate with some remarks
on a subject that I pretend to be conversant
with, and I tell you I never saw a more loosely
drawn bill than this present one. There is no
restraint whatever upon the various corpora-
tions ; none of the rights of the citizens are
provided for and protected ; and to show how
ioosely the bill itself is drawn, 1 will demon-
strate to its friends that it will cost the rail-
road men $35,000 a mile to lay their track on
this street, according to the bill. Here is one
provision:
And that they shall pave their tracks and the
spaces between them, and lor the space of two feet
beyond the outer hnethereof. andkeep thesauie in
good order without expense to the United States or
the District of Columbia.
They never intended to do that, they can-
not afford to do it—but it shows how loosely
this bill has been drawn—for if they undertook
to do it these roads would cost $35,000a mile,
almost as much as a railroad in the Sierra
Nevada without even the arch.
Mr. SAWYER. Let me tell the Senator
that the parties interested in the roads accept
the terms of the bill. • They have been slightly
varied from what he has read in the conclud-
ing lines of the first part of the second section.
The Senator will see exactly what the terms
of the bill are by the reading of it. There
was a slight change made in that respect. I
ask, therefore, for the reading of the first part
of the second section.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That in the matter of laying their traoks ajid
furnishing accommodations for the public each
company authorized to construct any new line by
this act shall be under the control of the Board of
Public Works for the District of Columbia, and that
they shall pave the traoks herein authorized and
the spaces between them and for the space of two
feet beyond the outer line thereof, and keep the same
in irooil order without expense to the United States
or iho District ot Columbia. &c.
Mr. WEST. Very well. If these companies
want to build roads on tliose terms, so much
the worse for the companies. Thereisaspace
of eighteen feet wide; that is, fivefeet to each
track, making ten feet; four feet between the
tracks, making fourteen feet, and two feetout-
side each track making four, or in the whole
eighteen feet. That is two square yards. It
costs $3 20 per yard to lay down the concrete
pavement. Accordingly each company is to
be subject to the expense of $6 40 per yard
for the whole line of the road without the iron;
and yet you talk about this bill being a bill in
the interest of the railroad companies or the
citizens. Why, sir, the roads will cost $35,000
a mile.
Mr. CONIvLING. I wish, the Senator would
repeat those figures.
Mr. WEST. The tracks, are five feet each.
They are two double tracks, making ten feet.
The space between the tracks is four feet.
Then there are two feet to be paved on each
side of the tracks, making four feet more, or
altogether eighteen feet; and for each running
foo£ of that there is a square yard of pavement
as I understand.
Mr. CONKLING. And what does that
cost?
Mr. WEST. Three dollars and twenty cents
a yard, and for two square yards per running
foot it is $0 40. There you have an expense
of §85,000 a mile for these street railroads. I
have not had time to examine this bill partic-
ularly. There is one point I do see, and I
have no doubt other Senators do, and that is
that we have given up Seventh street entirely.
I have no objection to granting franchises to
these railroads if we have time to compre-
hend how far they are to benefit the interests
o.f this community and not be an oppression
upon it. Fourteenth street has gone, and why
should we give up Seventh street when it has
cost so much money to make it a fine drive?
That is one of the objections; I will not detain
the Senate with others; I have no doubt they
will suggestthemselves to other Senators. WThat
I do say is that upou the presumption that we
should protect the interests of a railroad com-
pany that had entered on the laying down of a
road here in good faith, and under the assump-
tion that they were properly authorized to do
it, a mine of trouble has been sprung upon us,
and if we adopt it we shall do so hastily, pre-
cipitately, without opportunity to scan, without
looking through it. There are no safeguards
therefor the parties or the public, and 1 think
we ought not to be called upon at this late
hour of the session to act on such a bill, con-
sidering the circumstances under which it is
submitted.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say that the
proviso at the top of the fifth page, that the
Boundary and Silver Spring Railroad Coai-
p&ny shall lay its track alongside and not over
the macadamized portion of Seventh street is
a complete answer to what the Senator has
said in reference to that street.
Mr. WEST. How does it answer it? That
street is sixty-five feet wide between the curbs.
Take twenty feet out of the center and you
have forty-five feet between the curbs. Then
you put your railroad five feet on each side
and you have but seventeen and a half feet of
drive. I do not see the answer.
Mr. STEWART. It is only on one side.
Mr. WEST. But the railroad is to be a
double track.
Mr. HILL. On looking at the map of the
city which I have before me, I see that the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon if
adopted will make it necessary that the Met-
ropolitan Company shall, in running along A
street, encroach upon Massachusetts avenue.
It cannot reach the point contemplated to be
reached by going along A street north with-
out encroaching upou Massachusetts avenue.
You cannot get to Lincoln square without
crossing Massachusetts avenue.
. There is a hope, I understand, entertained
in this city that Massachusetts avenue, which,
from its location, is the finest avenue in the
city of Washington, will not be given up to
any railroad track, that that will be one of
the thoroughfares which will be safe from
the intrusion of railroads. If you adopt this
amendment you make the encroachment I
have just spoken of.
I have no personal interest in the world that
I know of that is to be benefited by the run-
ning of either of these railroads. I think I can
discern that there is a vast amount of public
convenience in them. I am not very solicitous
about tliein ; I have not studied very closely
their effect upon the city ; but from a pretty
fair knowledge of all portions of the city, for
I have looked at it and considered it, it does
occur to me that a few lines of railway could
hardly be constructed in the northern portion
of the city rutiuing from west to east, that being
the general direction ; it would be difficult to
secure routes that would be more useful to a
greater portion of the community than those
which are devised here. I d® not see in it so
much of evil as is portrayed by the Senator
from Vermout; and as for the expensiveness
of one of the schemes which has been referred
to by the Senator from Louisiana, 1 take it for
granted that this company, if it undertakes to
build a road, will soon ascertain whether it
will pay to build it or not, and that with as
many adversaries as there seem to be in their
way, they will not be permitted to run a road
in any respect ii violation of their charter, and
if it costs as much as estimated, and they can-
not afford to make it, then the charter can do
no harm because there will be no road built;
it will be abandoned.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Before we vote upon this
