1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
If its business were limited to the one
item of wheat, and but ten cents a bushel
were saved, this, on a total shipment of only
25,000,000 bushels, would show an aggregate
of $2,600,000 per annum. But if you double
the amount to be shipped, which would be a
juster estimate, you have an aggregate of
$5,000,000 on this single item. Regarding
this as half only of the business of this chan-
nel, you get some idea of its importance, but
not an adequate one, for nobody can doubt
that its business will increase immeasurably
in the course of twenty-five years.
It is obvious that in view of the opening of
the Northern Pacific railroad, and the con-
struction of branch lines consequent upon it,
together with the characteristics of soil and
climate already mentioned as inviting migra-
tion thither, the Northwest is to advance in
population, productiveness, and wealth, for
several years to come, as never before. But
if it were to keep pace only with other parts
of the great West, and indeed of the whole
country, the argument for this improvement
would be no less cogent and unanswerable.
If, sir, there is one thing more than another
before which an American stands in dumb
amazement, it is our national growth and
development. There is nothing like it in his-
tory. I cannot contemplate it but with won-
der; still less can I ignore it in dealing with
such a question as this, a question which
grows with the growth of the nation.
Why, sir, it is not yet fifty years since the
first keel parted the waters of Lake Michigan;
and now, as you stand on the shores of that
great inland sea during the navigable portions
of the year, you tire of counting the number-
less sails which go bearing the wealth of our
vast prairies to the East and returning with
the rich and varied merchandise gathered
from every quarter of the globe. There are
cities on that lake, whose inlant beginnings are
within the memory of living men, whose com-
merce is now reckoned by hundred of millions
per annum, and constantly increasing. In my
judgment, sir, the business of our great lakes,
vase as it is, is yet in its infancy.
A very significant recognition of this idea is
found in the recent treaty with Great Britain,
whereby the free and unembarrassed naviga-
tion of the St. Lawrence is secured to each of
these nations. Both Governments realize the
importance of these growing interests. Ere
long, permanent commercial relations are to
be established between these lake ports and
the marts of the world. Who can doubt it?
And right here, I beg you to consider the
bearing of t-his improvement. There is no
reason why the United States may not in afew
years, if suitable attention be paid to the sub-
ject of cheap transportation for the grain-fields
of the Northwest, supply Great Britain with
seventy-five per cent, of her wheat import-
ations, instead of thirty-three, as heretofore.
In 1871 England imported 32,365,338 hun-
dred-weight of wheat, of which only 10,832,561
hundred-weight were supplied by the United
States. The total amount received for wheat
and flour for the year from this one nation was
$38,633,030. There is no reason why the
amount should not be doubled as soon as this
improvement can be perfected.
But not to the British isles alone would ex-
port trade be limited. Nearly all of western
Europe imports breadstuffs, and this nation
has for years exported wheat in moderate
quantities to all these States except Austria,
Prussia, Russia, and Holland. _ Give to this
trade the advantage of a reduction of five to
ten cents per bushel on wheat, and you arm it
with the power to command a business in for-
eign markets from which it, has been hitherto
largely excluded, and which may and will
ultimately assume vast magnitude.
Consider also the question of railroads; and
I allude to them here for two reasons: first,
because they serve to illustrate the rapid devel-
opment of the nation, to which I am asking
attention; and second, because I wish to refer
to the system of railroad transportation in its
relation to this question. The friends of cheap
water transportation are not necessarily antag-
onizing'railroads. The policy they urge will
doubtless tend to classify freights and reduce the
scale of rates, but experience shows that busi-
ness increases as facilities of transportation
increase. The history of railroads in our
country is particularly significant on this point.
In January, 1880, not a mile of locomotive
railroad was in operation in the United States-
In 1870 we had 53,399 miles, fully one third
of all the railroads in the world, constructed
at a cost of $2,400,000,000 carrying annually
125,000,000 of tonnage, whose value was esti-
mated at $10,875,750,000, more than four times
the vast total of the national debt.
More railroad was constructed in 1870 thar.
in the whole decade ending with 1850. The
significant fact is that notwithstanding this
marvelous expansion of railroad facilities the
carrying business of the country has still more
rapidly expanded. Witness these facts: in
1850 the tonnage was 400 pounds per head of
total population ; in 1860 it was 1,200 pounds
per head, and in 1870 it reached 3,816 pounds.
The value of such tonnage increased in about
an equal ratio. In 1850 it was $29, in 1860
$80, and in 1870 $285 per head. So with the
earnings of the roads. In 1850 the average
earnings per mile were $4,000, or $1 55 per
head, and in 1870 they had gone up to $9,000
per mile, or $11 75 per head for each inhab-
itant.
These figures, as I said, are significant.
They show that the business of the country
has outrun the railroads, active as the latter
have been. In 1870 we had 53,899 miles of
railroad, against 9,021 miles in 1850, and yet
each mile of road in 1870 was paying more
than twice as much as in 1850. Striking as
these statistics are, it is to be remembered that
we are only in the infancy of our domestic or
internal traffic. Indeed, it has been stated by
one who has given much attention to the ques-
tion, that by the end of the present decade we
shall be able to boast 70,000 miles of rail-
road in operation, with a business capacity of
250,000,000 tons pe'r annum. But it is evident
from these figures that there need be no antag-
onism to this measure from the railroad inter-
est, because there is ample business, and al-
ways will be, for both. But there is one view
of this question, the relation of the two modes
of transportation, which cannot be ignored.
Already the railroads of the country represent
enormous capital and wield tremendous power,
and they are constantly expanding.
Against combinations which we are com-
pelled to anticipate in the future, what protec-
tion for the people like healthy competition?
It is better than any ^>ro rata freight bills,
because it executes itself. This improvement
now under consideration, insignificant as its
cost may seem, will do more to protect the
people interested in the carrying trade of the
Northwest from possible imposition and exac-
tions than any measure I can think of. On this
ground alone I might press its claims, were it
necessary to do so.
These figures I have introduced, showing
the wonderful growth of internal commerce,
might be multiplied indefinitely, but I forbear.
The same statistics attest as well our general
growth and expansion. They carry with them
the necessary inference of such growth.
Every one wfco has taken pains to investi-
gate the subject understands that the varied
forces and elements of our American develop-
ment move in parallel lines and together.
The expansion of our inland traffic, of which
railroads and ships arabutthe symbols, means
increase of population, and this again im-
plies multiplication of schools and colleges,
of churches and eleemosynary institutions,
of industrial enterprises, of courts of justice,
of newspapers, of postal facilities, of cities
and villages, of wharves and warehouses ; in a
word, of everything which makes up our civil-
ization. _ We of the Westsee and realize this,
as possibly others cannot, because it is con-
stantly before us, a part of our daily observa-
tion and experience. We have seen, nay, sir,
we are constantly seeing, the end at which all
this progress aims, the logic of these varied,
agencies, namely, the building up of new com-
munities there with wants precisely like those
of the old.
The birth of an American State, with all its
functions of government perfected, with all the
forces of a high civilization in full play at the
very outset, is, in my humble judgment, one
of the grandest events of modern history, the
flower at once and fruit of American progress,
and yet we are witnessing such events, with a
rapidity that might startle if it did not inspire.
There is an old German play in which, with
merry humor, Adam is represented crossing the
stage going to be created! The birth of States
in the marvelous march of empire westward has
in like manner anticipated all preconceived
ideas. While we have been awaiting their
advent as something to occur in the indefinite
or distant future, they have one after another
burst upon our vision as accomplished facts,
and quiefly taken their places in the family of
States.
Now, sir, while these events are transpiring,
aiding as they do in every way toward build-
ing up and enriching the nation, it is hardly
to be supposed that nothing will or may be
asked in return. The spirit of a just recipro-
city only is invoked. These States and com-
munities, as already intimated, have their wants.
They could not be the active, enterprising, pro-
gressive people they are, and not have wants.
Are the demands based upon them reasonable
and just ? This is the practical question you are
asked to solve. Here are four great States-
Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, and Nebraska,
with an aggregate population equal to that
of our entire nation when independence was
achieved—asking for this improvement. It is
a population as enterprising, as intelligent, as
devoted to the Government as any within our
whole domain ; a population, moreover, which
has never refused to respond with heart and
hand and purse to every just demand on the
part of the Government; a population, sir,
whose historic achievements in the great strug-
gle for the life of the Republic, and the tri-
umph of free institutions, constitute one of
the brightest chapters in American annals.
They are asking for nothing new or strange.
Not only has Congress committed itself to the
proposition, but representative men, Boards
of Trade, commercial conventions, alike in
the East and West, have pronounced in favor
of it.
Nor are they asking anything for themselves
alone. The older communities of the East are
to share in its advantages as well. Every
dollar saved on a ton of breadstuffs is a dollar
divided between producer and consumer alike.
Nor is this project an experiment. It has
received the careful attention and thought of
our most eminent engineers and practical busi-
ness men, and all agree in asserting its entire
feasibility.
His a project in the interest of commerce
between the East and the West. It means
cheaper breadstuffs on the sea-board and better
prices on the prairies. It means increased
facilities for increased trade. It means the
acceptance of an opportunity, ft means
another cord in the wonderful net-work of
exchanges and business relations which binds
together different and distant States and sec-
tions, upholding and enforcing by the laws ol
trade the sentiments of a broad and healthy
patriotism, which makes us one people in fact
as well as in name.
A proposition so practicable, so inexpen-
sive, so vitally important, so thoroughly na-
tional, so earnestly and urgently demanded,
this Congress will not, I am confident, feel
that it can afford to refuse.
