1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
The House divided ; and there were—-ayes
93, noes 38.
Mr. CONGER. I demand the yeaa and
nays.
Mr. RANDALL. Does not the Constitu-
tion require the yeas and nays on this bill,
requiring; as it does, a two-thirds vote?
The SPEAKER. It does not, but only
requires that the Journal of the House shall
show that two thirds voted for the passage
of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
1389) was introduced and passed.
ALASKA FOK-BEARIXG ANIMALS.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
1342) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to prevent the extermination of fur-bearing
animals in Alaska" be passed.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the Secretary of the Treasury
be authorized to appoint one agent and three
assistant agents, who shall be charged with the
management of the seal fisheries in Alaska,
and the performance of such other duties as
may be assigned to them by the Secretary of
the Treasury. The agent is to receive ten dol-
lars per day ; one assistant agent, eight dollars
per day: and two assistant agents, six dollars
each per day while so employed; and they are
also to be allowed their necessary traveling
expenses in going to and returning from Alaska,
for which expenses vouchers are to be pre-
sented to the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury; such expenses, however, are not
to exceed in the aggregate §600 each in any
one year. And the agents are never to be inter-
ested, directly or indirectly, in any lease of the
right to take seals, or any proceeds or profits
thereof, either as owner, agent, partner, or
otherwise. The second section authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to erect a dwelling
upon each of the islands of St. Paul and St.
George for the use of the agents, the cost of
both dwellings not to exceed $6,000. The
third section empowers these agents to admin-
ister oaths in any cases relating to the service
of the United States, and to take testimony in
Alaska for the use of the Government in any
matter concerning the public revenues.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, I ask permission
to say a very few words in explanation of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks unanimous consent to make some remarks
in explanation of the bill. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This bill has been
before the Committee on Commerce, and is
recommended, I believe, unanimously bv that
committee. It has been drawn by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The necessity for its
passage grows out of the fact that the agents
of the Treasury, who take care of the seal-
fishery interests of the United States, which
are now about three hundred and seventeen
thousand dollars a year, must be on the ground
on a given day which falls in May. They can-
not reach their destination in time unless they
reach San Francisco to take a certain ship.
The necessity for passing the bill now grows
out of the fact that tliev cannot reach their
posts unless we pass this bill authorizing them
to go speedily. 'The bill, as I have said, was
drawn l>y the Secretary of the Treasury, and
I trust there will be no objection to it.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me to make an inquiry?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether any new offices are created,
or if there is any change in existing laws?
Mr.SHELLABARGER. There is no change
in existing law. The only change is that it
authorizes three assistants, who are deemed,
and doubtless are, absolutely necessary.
Mr. SARGENT. There is nothing affecting
the rights of the persons interested in the seal
fisheries?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. There is not.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was read three
times, and passed.
DRAWING FOE SEATS.
Mr. COX. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Rules to report back, with the
recommendation that it be adopted, the fol-
lowing resolution, designed to facilitate the
business of the House:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules
of the House:
Rule —. Whenever the seats shall have been
drawn no proposition shall be in order for a second
drawing during the same Congress: Provided, That
this rule shall not apply to the Forty-Second Con-
gress.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend by striking
out the proviso.
Mr. M A YN ARD. How does this come up ?
Is it a report from a committee?
The SPEAKER. Yes; it is a report from
the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. COX. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BIRD. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 75, noes 76.
Mr. KILLINGER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Mr. Cox and Mr. Starkweather.
Mr. BANKS. This is a privileged ques-
tion, which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] can report at any time. I hope
he will withdraw it to-day, so that we may
transact some other business that is necessary.
Mr. COX. I will say that this resolution is
introduced to-day for thepurposeof facilitating
business.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 86.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I offer the follow-
ing amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, That the Clerk of the House do
forthwith place in a box the name of each member
and Delegate of the House of Representatives writ-
ten upon a separate slip of paper; that he then pro-
ceed, in the presence of the House, to draw from the
said box, one at a time, the said slips of paper, and
a-s each seat is drawn he shall announce the name
of the member or Delegate upon it, who shalt choose
his seat for the present Congress: Provided, That
before said drawing shall commence the Speaker
shall cause each seat to be vacated, and shall see
that every seat continues vacant until it is selected
under this order, and that every seat, after having
been selected, shall be deemed forfeited if left unoc-
cupied before the calling of the roll is finished.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I offer that as a
substitute, and will leave out the words " pro-
vided further." I move the previous question.
Mr. BIGGS. Would it be in order to move
to lay that on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. BIGGS. I make that motion.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a question of
order. Is this amendment in order to a prop-
osition to establish a standing rule of the
House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have to
rule it in order.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I call the pre-
vious question on the substitute I have offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in doubt
whether the amendment can be offered as a
substitute. The gentleman now proposes to
offer it as a substitute for the resolution of the
Committee on the Rules, and the Chair has
doubts as to the practicability of his doing so.
The proposition of the committee is to make a
standing rule of the House, with a proviso.
The gentleman can move a further proviso,
and then it would be clearly in order; but
where there is a proposition pending to es-
tablish a rule of the House the Chair doubts
if a substitute proposing that a certain thing
shall be done, which will be exhausted with its
execution, would be in order.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Then I will sub-
mit my motion, in the form in which I first
offered it, as an additional proviso.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains it
in that form. There can be no doubt but that
it is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. As a substitute for the
report of the committee?
The SPEAKER. No ; but as an additional
proviso. There is now a proviso to the reso-
lution that this proposed rule shall not apply
to the Forty-Second Congress, and the gentle-
man offers the further proviso, which is, that
for the Forty-Second Congress there shall be
an immediate drawing. The Chair has no
doubt that that is in order.
_ Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move the pre-
vious question upon the resolutionandamend-
ment.
Mr. BIGGS. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
78, noes 82.
Mr. BIGGS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Biggs and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 89, noes 99.
Mr. PLATT and Mr. HALDEMAN called
for the yeas and nays.
TREATY OP WASHINGTON THE FISHERIES.
The SPEAKER. Some three weeks ago
liberty was granted to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,] the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to make
a certain report from his committee merely
for reference, and this is the last day on which
he can make that report. As the matter notv
before the House seems likely to occupy much
time, the Chair asks that by unanimous con-
sent it be laid aside until the gentleman from
Massachusetts can submit his report.
No objection was made.
Mr. BANKS. I report back from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, without amend-
ments, the bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry into
effect the provisions of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, signed in the
city of Washington the 8th day of May, 1871,
relating to the fisheries.
Upon consultation with gentlemen of sev-
eral of the leading committees of the House,
I move that the bill be printed, and made the
special order for the third Tuesday in March,
afier the morning hour, and from day to day
thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Would it not
be well to fix some time to which the general
debate shall be limited?
Mr. BANKS. I would not like to limit it
now. I will make it as short as possible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think we had
better limit it now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that the business of the Committee on Appro-
priations cannot conflict with this measure, as
the rules can always be suspended to go into
Committee of the Whole on their bills by a
majority of the House.
Mr. Baxks:s motion was then agreed to.
cuxdurango.
Mr. BANKS. I have a proposition which
I think will heal the differences in the House
upon this vexed question which is now before
it, and that is, I present the correspondence
of the State Department in relation to '• cun-
durango," and ask that it be laid upon the
table, and printed. [Laughter.]
Mr.BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will take
a stronger drug than that to do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. Would it be in order to
ask for the reading of that correspondence?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can read
it in print.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee on the Rulesf
