1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a portion of the line. I suppose a great many
persons who are acquainted with the line of
this road know it to be about the best line
across the continent. The reason which I
intended to offer to the Senate for. the induls
gence asked for by this railroad company is
the fact that this road runs through what is
known as the Indian territory, from the south- j
western corner of the State of Missouri iu the
direction of New Mexico. All white persons
are at present, prohibited from entering that,
territory for the purpose of residing there and
making improvements, and consequently it
makes it much more difficult for the company
to construct the road there than it would
otherwise be. Hence they simply ask an ex-
tension of the time for the completion of this
road for three years. I believe there is nothing
unreasonable in this request, and I am sure it
would be a very good thing if the Senate
would agree to the extension of time asked
for.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to force
a discussion on an unwilling people, as was
said about a constitution under Buchanan;
but I want, to say a word in regard to this
proposition. If I understand it, it is a sep-
arate bill, Senate bill No. 890, which I sup-
posed was to be taken up at some time on the
motion of the Pacific Railroad Committee.
When it is taken up I should like to say some-
thing about it, and I have two amendments
which I should like to offer. My friend [Mr.
Howe] suggests that this is a good time to
offer them. I am afraid it is not; but T think
it a good time, whenever this amendment
shall be considered, to ascertain just what _it
contemplates and what effect it will have in
reference to Indian lands.
I have before me the original charter which
it is going to extend, and some other facts
about it. I do not think this is the time to
enter upon the consideration of those facts.
Therefore I hope this amendment will be voted
down, and when the proposition comes to be
considered by itself, if it ever shall, we shall
have an opportunity to amend it, and to under-
stand precisely how much further we are to go
in entering into covenants to extinguish In-
dian titles or trample out Indians. That is one
aspect I should like to have understood  
Mr. BLAIR. There is nothing said in this
amendment about extinguishing Indian titles
or trampling out Indians.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, there
is not ; but it refers to an act in which this is
said:
"The United States shall extinguish as rapidly as
may be conaistentwith public policy and thewelfare
ofthe Indians, and only by their voluntary cession,
the Indian title to all lauds falling under the opera-
tion ot this act, and acquired in the donation to the
road named iu the act."
Mr. BLAIR. And because the Government
of the United States has chosen to pass a law
that the Indian title shall be extinguished
hereafter at suitable times, thereiore this
amendment, which has 110 allusion to Indian
titles nor to the trampling out of Indians, is to
be objected to on the ground of some former
act. I cannot for the life of me see that it has
any sort of connection with the subject. )f
the Senator does, he can see deeper into it
than I can. . ,
Mr. CON KLIN G. The only reason my friend
cannot see. it, perhaps, is that he is a little fast
and a little eager. Let us see about this. W e
have made one bargain, as I will call it, with
these people, in which we undertook to extin-
guish Indian titles. Now they come m here
with a bill in which they propose that we shall
allow tbem to proceed with an entirely diner-
ent, rate of speed in constructing their road,
having an entiiely different length ot time to
operate in, and that meanwhile we shall make
a new bargain with them by extending this
charter, under which we shall be compelled to
go 011 under the new circumstances, for the
new length of time and under the new rule of
construction, and extinguish all these Indian
titles. Before that is done I want to know a
little something about it.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much surprised
at the speech o-f the honorable Senator from
New York. This amendment proposes to do
for one of these great through lines precisely
what the pending bill proposes to do for
another. If they are rival lines, as I under-
stand them to be, anfP-any member of this
body were disposed to take sides in favor of
the one against the other, then I could under-
stand the temper of the speech; but I could
not attribute to the honorable Senator from
New York any such promptings, and hence I
repeat I am surprised at the character of the
speech.
The pending bill proposes to grant to the
Texas and Pacific Railroad Company one
more year; that is, two years fronr the date
of the passage of this bill, in which to begin
the road. Under the old law passed the 3d
of last March they were directed to begin
within two years from the date of the passage
of that law. The old law requires the Texas
and Pacific company to build its road from San
Diego eastward at the late of fifty miles ayear.
The pending bill modifies that provision and
permits them to build at the rate of twenty-five
miles a year.
The honorable Senator from Missouri pro-
poses an amendment to that bill to extend the
time for the completion of another of these
rival through roads, and to say in connection
with that proposition that that company shall
not be compelled to build its road through the
Indian territory at the rate of fifty miles ayear.
That is all there is in the amendment. There
may be much more in the law chartering the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company, as
there is much more m the law chartering the
Texas and Pacific Railroad Company; but
there is nothing in the proposed amendment
but to extend the time for the completion of
the whole line and to permit the company to
build their road through the Indian territory
at a less rate of speed than fifty miles a year.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question there ?
Mr. IIARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there anything in the
pending hill, or in the charter to which that
bill is an amendment, extinguishing Indian
title ?
Mr. HARLAN. In the charter to which
this is proposed to be an amendment there is
precisely the same provision in relation to the
extinguishment of Indian titles that you will
find in the charter of the Texas and Paeilic
Railroad Company.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
may not understand my question. Does he
mean us to understand that the present road
as to which we have been talking during the
day runs through Indian territory?
Mr. HARLAN. Much more Indian terri-
tory than the other. It runs through New
Mexico and Arizona.
Mr. CONKLING. But through the Indian
reserves ?
Mr. HARLAN. Through all the _ Indian
reserves that may be on the line of their road.
Mr. CONKLING. Are there any?
Mr. HARLAN. Well, the road is not
located yet.
Mr. KELLOGG. There are none of them
on the line of the road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the line of the
road V
Mr. KELLOGG,
hundred miles.
Mr. HARLAN,
fog on this subject.
There are none within a
Let us not get into any
The language in the char-
ter ofthe Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
oany is precisely the same, word tor word,
that you will fi d in the charter of the North
Pacific Railroad Company, and the same pro-
vision is transferred to the Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company.
Mr. SCOTT. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in regard to any obligation on the part
of the Government to extinguish Indian titles
iu the Texas Pacific charter. I have looked
through it. I may be mistaken.
Mr. CONKLING. I am told there is no
such thing.
Mr. HARLAN. I think lam not mistaken.
I remember the discussion of the subject very
distinctly in committee when the bill was pend-
ing. And what is therein the one or the other
that is objectionable? Whether the law as it
exists is right or not is not the question now
pending. The question is, whether you will
permit one of these companies to protract the
time for the general completion of its line and
refuse the same thing to the other company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
whether it was in the contemplation of Con-
gress that there should be four Pacific railroads
instead of three? I alwajs had the impression
that wo had only intended to have three great
cross lines.
Mr. HARLAN. That ay be so ; but the
Atlantic and Pacific charter was passed in 1866,
and the other in 1871. If faith was broken
with the country or anybody else, it must have
been in passing the Texas Pacific railroad bill.
If it, was the original intention to have but
three, you had the three in advance of that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was the Atlantic and
Pacific, when wo passed this last charter, still
lawfully entitled, according to its charter, to
proceed, or had it forfeited Us rights by expir-
ation of time or anything of that sort?
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all; it had the same
length of time with the Northern Pacific.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I was under a mis-
apprehension when I voted for the other.
Mr. HARLAN. It had ten years from the
passage of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a remark ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. This amendment is simply
an independent bill presented here as an
amendment. It has never been reported by
any committee. It may be all right. I am
prepared to consider it as an independent
proposition, but I hope the attempt will not
be made to put. it on this bill here to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The chairman of the
committee, I think, told us when the amend-
ment was offered before, that it had been
reported.
Mr. MORTON. It does not appear to be,
on its face.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 only take the word of
the chairman.
Mr. STEWART. It has been reported by
the committee.
Mr. MORTON. At any rate, it is a sep-
arate proposition, and I hope it will be allowed
to stand on its own merits. X bhall be pre-
pared to consider it kindly whenever it comes
up, but I hope the passage of this bill at this
late hour will not be deferred by attempting to
put on this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, I
differ in judgment with the honorable Senator
from Indiana, and I hope the very reverse.
These are rival roads. You propose by the
pending bill to grant favors to one, and I trust
will not refuse them to the other. Both of
them by the terms of their charters are required
to build long lines of road through a difficult
country, with the slight aid they may derive
from the grants of land that have heretofore
been made. One of these companies has ex-
pended many millions of dollars in the prose-
cution of the work; the other one has ex-
pended no money at all in the prosecution of
the work. For the one that has expended no
money and that has not built one mile of road
the Senate takes time, in the midst of its im-
portant labors, to spend two days to grant it
favors, to extend the time in which it may
begin its road, to limit the number of miles it
may complete during each year, and to release
it from other onerous obligations, considered
