1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3519
some little help, you propose to cut down the
duly on wool, not. only ten per cent., but in
many instances twenty per cent. I do not say
this to curry favor with the farmers of my dis-
trict, for there is nothing [ desire that, I could
possibly gain by that. 1 sayit because I believe
it to be God's truth that the farmers, the wool-
growers; have hitherto (or many years been
outraged, swindled, plundered, by your tariff
laws.
Statistics will show that during the war, from
1861 to 18G5. when the absence of cotton and
- til" enormousdemand for woolengoods created
by the Atmy carried wool to the highest point
it had ever reached, American wool brought,
on an average, in gold, but on& cent, andtwo
mills more per pound than during the thirty-
five preceding years. Deduct from this the
increased cost, of production caused by direct
and indirect taxation during the war, and "wo
find that, the average price was less ftom 18G1 to
1805 than it had ever been before. I affirm,
therefore, thai, during that period your wool
tanffsdid the farmers no good.
Why not? Simply because they were so
const! ucted, either in the interest, of the manu-
facturer or of the importer, or of both, that
they could be evaded. They promised protec-
tion to the American wool-grower, but they
afforded none; there were left convenient
openings through which the wools ofAustralia,
of South America, of every other country,
might pour at, will, and the percentage ®f pro-
tection whicli piopetly belonged to the wool-
growers of this country really went to the
manu'acturer in addition to that which the law
allowed him. The manufacturer was doubly
protecied, the wool-grower had no piotectiou
at nil.
In 18G3-GG prices of wool began to decline,
and continued to go down until they became
ruinously low. Good sheep were sold in Ohio
at, one dollar, seventy five cents, lifty cents,
nnuhing; and when tliey would not .'•ell at
any price were knocked in the head. Thou
sands weie slaughtered in my own county
because their wool would not pay the farmer
for the food iliey ate. Many of the larger wool-
growers ol the country were utterly ruined,
and sheep husbandly became total y demoral
ized. Daring this period of depression the
wool-giowers and wool manufacturers had a
convention at Syracuse m which the laiter
expressed their regrets that they had taken
advan age of false invoices and f.auduleut.
Contiivances to get foreign wools for nothing
when the protection granted lliem by the law
had been given upon the distinct understand-
ing that they would use American wools. Of
course they were forgiven, for the wool-grower
was ready lo forgive anybody who would talk
hopefully and encouragingly of wool. Then
the foi in of a wool and woolen tariff was agreed
upon, which it was supposed was sufficiently
definite to protect the interests of boih par-
ties.
The crowning merit" of this proposed
tariff1, according to an address of the wool
growers and wool-manufacturers, "is I hat it
Completely reconciles ihe apparently incon-
sistent objects of protecting the Ametican
wool-grower and giving the fullest freedom
of importation to the inatiufacurer." "l'uU-
est freedom of impoitation to the manufac-
turer" was very good, buuhe wool-grower,
blinded by his misfortune, did not see the joke
utit'l the terms agreed upoti became a law iu
1 S(J7. Then he found illat. the manufacturer
and the speculator, in anticipation of the effect
w'l ch the law would have in the way of in-
creasing prices, had glutted the maiket with
foreign wools. Seventy million pounds were
brought in in 18GG. and over one hundred and
twenty million pounds before the law of 18G7
took effect. Tile wool-grower began to under-
stand I ben what "the utmost fi eedom of im-
portation to the manufacturer" meant. Ruin-
ous prices for home wools continued, but the
wool-grower struggled on, and doctored up
lus toot-rotted sheep and borrowed money to
Keep up his business, stimulated by the hope
that when these foreign wools were exhausted
sheep husbandry would be again profitable,
but uufortuna ely lie had not yet seen the full
extent of the joke played upon him at the
o>'racuse convention.
1 he wool tariff of 18G7 presented no harrier
against the cheap wools of Australia and South
America. ' The provisions respecting carpet
wools were so defective as to admit low grades
of clothing wool, and the law did not provide
against wool on the pelts. To evade the law
sheep were slaughtered, and millions of pounds
of wool sent in on the skin. The wool thus
introduced and the hide of the animal both
found a market here, to the disadvantage of
our own wool-growers. The depression in
the price of wool of course continued, and
the more persistent and most hopeful of the
wool-growers now began to slaughter their
sheep with a view to the abandonment of
a business which, under heavy local taxa-
tion and heavier bouuiies to the manufac-
turers, could only be prosocuted at a ruin-
ous loss. Every other leading interest was
protected, while in fact I heirs was not. ' They
paid bounties to even body, but received none,
i'lie law, which on its face promised to pro-
tect them as it did the ironmonger and the
manufacturer, was a sham and a cheat. The
defects in the law of 18G7 wete partially rem-
edied by the act, of July' 14, 1870, which took
effect January 1, 1871, and which made the
duty oil wool on the shin the same as on other
wools; but capitalists anticipated the action
of Congress in this regard also, and again
packed their mills and waiehouses with foreign
wool?. The immense stocks of this wool im-
ported prior to January 1, 1871, are but now
exhausted, and the price of home wools, lot
the fiist time since the close of the war, is
tending upward. The wool giower leels hope-
ful. lie believes the darkest hour is parsed
and the dawn coming, and as every other
leading inteiest in the country has been pro
tected, Ibsiercd, and allowed lo fatten on lib-
eral bounties, it would seem but just th.it the
wool-grower should be peimitied to get back
under your tariff laws what he has within the
last few years 1"SI on wool in consequence of
your defective and woitliless legislation on this
subject.
The duty on iron, oil all manufactured arti-
cles, oil luufber, on lalt, on a hundred other
things, has been effective for years, and many
of these industries luve giown rich in conse-
quence—too often, I fear, at the expense of
t he farmer. Il would seem but simple justice,
therefore, that the wool grower, after he has
suffered all the disadvantages of your wool
tariff, should now be pet unit ted lo enjoy, for a
short period at least, the advantages it, was
designed to bestow.
Unless you pennit the present wool tariff,
now that, it promises to be in some degree
effective, to remain undisturbed, it may be
very justly urged, and probably will be, that
all your legislation in respect to the wool
grovver was intended not, lo benefit linn, but
simply to d'-aw him into the suppoit of a sys-
tem of protection which filled the pockets of
the manufacturers at the expense of the pto-
ducing classes. For years the manufacluiers
have had the advantage of comparatively free
wools and high protection—protection so
high ihat it would not lnive been accorded to
thetn for one moment had it, not been sup-
posed that the wool tin ill' would give, the pro-
tection which, on its face, it piomised to the
wool grower. 'The percentage of protection
which the law intended for the wool grower
has really gone to the manufacturer, in addi-
tion to that intended specially for him, and
thus the manufacturer has been doubly pro-
tected for years, while the wool-grower lias
iu fact had no protection at all. This in-
equality, this glaring injustice to the wool-
grower, cannot, be remedied by a general and
indiscriminate reduction of duties on wool,
woolens, cottons, and iron. Equal and exfict
justice demands that, wool should be exempted
from the reduction proposed, and it is for this
reason that I desire to amend the second sec-
tion of this hill; and, for still stronger reasons
the proposition contained in another part of
the bill to cut off the differencial duty on wool,
while il is retained on carpets, manufactured
cottons, woolens, &c., should be rejected by
the House.
I know it will be answered that the woolen
manufacturer has not always prospered, that
his interest lias been at limes depressed. Let
us examine this point.
The speeilie duties on manufactured goods
were laid upon the supposition that, tliey were
necessary to enable the manufacturer lo use
American wools, to protect which the law had
imposed a duty. Tbearf valorem duly was laid
upon mnnnfaciures upon the supposition that
it was necessary to protect the inanuficturer
against foreign labor. Two duties were there-
fore placed on manufactured woolens, ono
to offset that accorded to the wool grower, tho
other to offset the cheap labor of other coun-
tries^ Owing lo defects in ihe laws the farmer
remained unprotected, and the result was that
both the specific and ad valorem duties went
to protect the inanufactuier. It will not do
for a believer in the doctrine of protection to
say that the woolen manufacturing interest,
could not, have had this double protection, be-
cause il is now or has been at times depressed,
for according to the theory of ihat sy^iem ex-
orbitant protection must lead to liie multi-
plication ^of manufactories, the multiplication
of niauu'aeioiies to excessive production, and
I his to prices so low as to be barely remunera-
tive. It may be true, therefore, ihat tlie man-
u'actuters in their peisisicnt and continued
attempts to overrent h and di fiaud the wool-
g'Ower have at tunes b"Ci led to oveireach
themselves, and created a supply too huge for
tile currei.t demand. '1 he alleg. d depression
of woolen manufacturing, however, does not
disprove the fact that ihe iminul'icturers have
taken advantage of defective wind land's to
defraud the wool-giower out of'the perecntige
of protection which the law designed for him,
but it does tend to illustrate and establi.-h an-
other proposition, to wu, that "the way of
ihe ungodly shall perish." The manufacturer,
accoidmg lo the defense suggested, has sim-
ply " made a pit, and d'gged it, and is fallen
into the ditch which lie made."
Mr. WII i I'TUOltN'E. Mr. Chairman, it
would be impossible, in Ihe very nature of
things, to have perfect accord of views in tho
adjust meat of a la riff'or tax system for.so vai ied
industries and interests as are represented iu
this Congress—the Congress ltscff being hut
Uepreset!tativosofapopulation whose opinions
are largely shaded bv thesectiou of country in
which iheyare resident, or the peculiar indus-
try by which they are surrounded. In other
words, selfishness will to a greater or less CX-
leot modify and control ihe judgment, and ac-
tion of Representatives, unless, using superior
thereto, they acknowledge obedience to prin-
ciple and have regard for constitutional obli-
gations, and pursue them to their logical con-
clusions at, all Iwzards. Tilts possibly.is loo
much lo hope, but we should and do have a
right to expect ihat no f'iau'1 should be per-
petrated ei:her upon principle or upon the
Constiiutiou.
The real and fundamental issue upon the
tariff, or in any tax system, eilher under our
Constitution or upon conect abstract princi-
ples, is, and mu>t ever bo. can or ought anv,
duty or tax be levied and collect! d for any
oilier purpose than such an amount ot revenue
as may be necessary lo the support of the Gov-
ernment economically administered?
it will be admitted that a tax levied to sup-
