4416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
friends of these roads will make no objection
to it.
Mr. SAWYER. It is a somewhat singular
circumstance that the Senator from Vermont
sees the great advantage of having the bed of
the road prepared, ana the Senator from Lou-
isiana, on the other hand, says that the provis-
ions of this bill will make the roads cost so
much that the bill cannot be carried out at all.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot
be amended. It is an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose the intention
of this is well understood. It is to kill the
bill. Of course, if you put a discriminating
tax on the railroads that rdn through the poor
streets on the outside to accommodate the peo-
ple, they cannot live. If this is to be done at
all, this tax ought to be imposed in lieu of all
other taxes. The thing is to get roads out-
side where they shall do most good to the
people. Now, if there is so much opposition
to this bill, I have no disposition to press
it. If Senators do not desire that roads shall
be provided for people living at a distance,
very well. These roads are to run on streets
that are not paved, and these companies are
required to pave them.. The Seuator from
Louisiana says that they cannot be built with
these requirements. The Committee on the
District of Columbia insisted on the require-
ments being imposed. Now, if we caimot
have the bill passed, if there is any general
opposition to it, I do not care about pressing
it, and if we are to go on in this way I shall
move that the Senate adjourn.
hour of meeting.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
morning at nine o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator if he
has any objection to saying ten o'clock-; nine
o'clock is very early.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some Senators around
me suggested eight o'clock. I thought that
was early, and therefore I named nine.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
■motion by inserting ten o'clock in place of
nine, and in moving that amendment I beg
to suggest that everything of public business
pretty much is now through. A session begin-
ning on Monday morning at ten o'clock will
five two hours in any* event for business.
'wo hours touching the report which we are
to receive from the conference committee
will be just as sufficient and decisive as three
hours or four hours. I do not think it desira-
ble to adjourn to an hour which will leave any
vacant space of time during which bills, public
or private in character, which are not urgent,
wilt go through under the spur of the occa-
sion and in the extreme haste of parting mo-
ments. Every Senator who has seen sessions
■of Congress conclude knows quite as well as
I do that a fag-end of time left at the very
expiration of a session is likely to be an
unprofitable and usually a dangerous period
of time. Therefore I think that convenience
and a proper provision to enable ourselves to
do all the business that we contemplate will
enable us to adjourn until ten o'clock on Mon-
day morning, and I venture to suggest ten in
place of nine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from New York if he thinks it will be
possible for the sundry civil service expenses
appropriation bill to be enrolled after the con-
ference committee shall make their report, if
•they are even able to make a report, from
ten o'clock to twelve ? I do not think it will.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt about
it. Of course if the actual enrollment of the
bill as to its mechanical process was post-
poned until final action were taken in both
•Houses, if tha Clerk should not anticipate
that at all, there might be difficulty ; but the
Senator from Vermont knows as well as I do
the way in which bills are enrolled. The con-
ference committee, if it agrees at all, will
agree some time between now and an early
hour on Monday morning. Then there will
be an abundant opportunity to enroll the bill;
indeed, it may all be done before it is acted
upon at all. The conference report is not
amendable, and there is no difficulty in per-
forming a large part of the mechanical work
involved in the enrollmeut of the bill before
the report is presented.
Mr. COLE. I think it will be hardly possi-
ble to enroll the bill in the very short space
of time the Senator from New York would
give for that work. I think we ought to
adjourn to meet at eight o'clock on Mon-
day morning, the hour fixed on by the House
of Representatives for their meeting. I
understand the House of Representatives have
adjourned over to meet at eight o'clock on
Monday morning. The apprehension of the
Senator from New York of the business being
transacted here in the last hours of the ses-
sion need not weigh much upon his mind,
because it is within his power to prevent the
transaction of any business, to prevent the
passage of any bill during that space of time.
It is within the power of any Senator to pre-
vent the passage of any bill in that space ®f
time, and therefore the reason for postponing
the meeting until ten o'clock on Monday morn-
ing, it seems to mo, is not well grounded. I
think we ought to meet at eight o'clock in
time to have the appropriation bill enrolled
after we have agreed upon it, if we shall have
agreed. Besides, it may be possible that the
President may require some little time to ex-
amine it after it has passed both bodies before
he Will sign it, and of course he would not
wish to be crowded into the very last moments
of the session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course every Senator
understands that the course of business on this
conference report will be, supposing the con-
ference committee shall agree, that the report
of the committee will first be made to the
House of Representatives. It must be acted on
there before it can be received here to be acted
upon. Therefore, if the House of Represent-
atives is to meet at eight o'clock in the morn-
ing, supposing the report to be presented then,
as 110 doubt it will be, it is fair to assume that
it will take half an hour or three quarters of an
hour, according to the usual course of busi-
ness, to have the matter concluded there, so that
the earliest time at which it could be received
here would be about nine o'clock under the
most favorable circumstances. Then, in that
respect, there is no need of our meeting any
earlier than nine o'clock in the morning.
Then, as to the enrollment, of course, on
the theory of my friend from California, you
will not gain anything on that subjeet by meet-
ing earlier than is necessary for us to meet in
order to consider that question, but of course
every Senator knows that the clerks of both
Houses will be engaged between now and
Monday at all suitable hours in having ready
for enrollment every part of the bill to which
there is no amendment, which is nine tenths
of it, so that if the amendments are agreed
upon by the conference committee the clerks
may easily write in the amendments that are
agreed to, leaving out those that are disagreed
to, in a very few moments of time, so that
there will be no delay in the two Houses. If
the two Houses do not delay by avoiding com-
ing to a vote there will be no delay in having
the bill passed, if that shall be the pleasure
of both Houses, by ten o'clock on Monday
morning, wkich will give the President of the
United States two hours to go over the bill
and consider it, even if he shall not have con-
sidered the main points in it before, so that it
seems plain to me that nine o'clock is early
enough for us to meet.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think nine o'clock is
as early as we can get the Senate here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at nine
o'clock on Monday next. The Senator from
New York moves to amend the motion by sub-
stituting ten o'clock in place of nine o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not insist on my
amendment if other Senators think it is unwise.
My impression is that half past nine would be
a very good compromise, and I suggest it to
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would be willing myself
to agree to it; but Senators around me insist
on eight o'clock, and the Senator from New
York insists upon ten. I think nine is about
right.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn
to meet at nine o'clock on Monday morning.
The motion was agreed to.
Subsequently, while the doors were closed
and the Senate was in executive session, the
vote was reconsidered on the motion of Mr.
Edmunds, and the hour of meeting on Mon-
day morning next was fixed at eight o'clock.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had non-concurred
in the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes, agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. James A. Garfield of Ohio, Mr. Frank
W. Palmer of Iowa, and Mr. William E.
Niblack of Indiana,'managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No.
996) to repeal so much of section six of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1869, as prohibits pro-
motions in the staff departments of the Army,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. John Goburn
of Indiana, Mr. Henry W. Slocum of New
York, and Mr. William G. Donnan of Iowa,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1671) mak-
ing appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other works of defense.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that tha
Speaker of the House had signed the following
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore;
A bill (S. No. 142) for the relief of Charles
J. Faulkner, of West Virginia, from legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 156) for the relief of Frederick
P. Dimpfel;
A bill (S. No. 218) to create an additional
land district in Florida;
, A bill (S. No. 377) for the relief of the
legal representatives of the late-George T.
Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 403) for the relief of Rufus
M. Pickel;
A bill (S. No. 480) concerning the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
district of Kansas;
