832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the pending question being upon the motion
of Mr. Biggs, to lay the whole subject on the
table, upon which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Cannot the gentle-
man who offered this resolution withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. By general consent he
can.
Mr. FAR^SWORTH. Cannot the mover
■withdraw it anyhow?
The SPEAKER. He cannot, as it is the
report of a committee.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the npfraiive—yeas 94, nays 104, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^r*. Ambler, Arthur, Banks, Barber,
Beatiy, Beck, Biggs, Btnghaui, Austin Biair, James
G. J31.ur, Bright, James Brooks, Butlinton, Burcii-
ard, Burdet t, Beniam in F. Butler, Campbell, Conger,
Oox, Cropland, Davis, Bunnell, Ely, Farnsworth,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garlield, Garrett, Goliaday,
Griffith. Ilaldonian. Hale, Hundley,LXaruxui, Harper,
George E. Harris, Hay, John W. Ilaxleton, Hooper,
Kelley, Kerr, Kci chain, Ki I linger, Lami^on, Melien-
rv, McKee, Mereur, Merriam, Moore, Morphia,
Nibiaek, Packard, Pucker, Isaac 0, Parker, 1'Ui
Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Price, Randali,
Head, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H, Roberts, Roosevelt,
batwyer, Seeley, Shanks, She!lab.user, Sherwood,
{Slater, Sloss, Wmfimigton (!. Smith, Spra.srnu, .Ste-
venson, Srnughh>n, Talfo, Torrv, Thomas, Twiehell,
Tvni*r, Upson, Van Trump. Waketnan, Waldron,
Wallace, Wi-!U, Wheeler, Wlntolev. Wilhsrd, Wil-
liams of Indiana, John T. WlUon, Winchester, and
Wond—91.
NAYS—Messrs, Acker, Adams. Avcrill. Barnum,
Bell, Bov  ri(lge, Bigby, Bird, Goon;o At. Brooks,
Buckley, Roderick Li. Butb-r, Caldwell, Carroll,
"William X, Clarke, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Coghlan, Couiiuffii, Conu-'r, Cotton, Cieb-J, Ciifehw,
Dickey. Donnan, I)ox, Du Bose, Duell, Duke, Eamcs,
FUwnrds, lildruige, F.uweil, Fmkelnburg, Wilder
1), Fo>Um, Gotx, li.incm k, II.inks, Havens, ilaw.o\,
Jliiy^, licriy W. Mnzletou. liorel'ord. Hermloh, Hib-
baid, iloar, liohnan, Houghton, Kinjr, Lainnoil,
Lan-ung, Lev?K Lowe, Majison. Mai>hall, Maynaid
.McClelland, MeCormiel:, Me(«rew, M<*I ntyie, Me-
Jnnkin, MeNeelv, Mertiek, Benjamin F. Meyer-,
Monroe, Morey, Morgan, L^onaiil Myers Negley,
Oir, Palmer, Uo-ea W. Parker, Peck, Pondlcuon,
k'liney, John M.Uice, William It. Itoh.nK, Robin-
son, Ku^k, Sargent. Sej.-ion>. Sin Idon, Shober, Sin-
cum, John A Soul h, Suapp, i'iiom^ J. Specr, Slai k-
wenther, Stevens, Sh.nu, Sloweil, SUong, Suther-
land, Washington T.iwnsend, Turner, Vauvhan,
Voorhee*, Waddell, Waiden, Walls, Warren. Whit-
thoi lie, Jen tniah i\f. Wilson, and S oung—1(U.
NOT VOTl \<i—Mo-cjij. Aiuo^, Amlioi, Barry,
Braxton, Crecly, Danwli, Dawes. De Large, KllioU,
Forker, Henry D. footer, Goodrich, Hal<oy, Hum-
bleton, John T. llnni-i. Hill, Kellogg, Kendall, Km-
he!la, i;each. Lynch, MeCi ai v, MoKumey, Mitchell,
Perce, Aaron F. Ptny, l>otter, Piiudle, Rilehie,
Hugei*, >eoJt<-ld, Shot-maker, II. Bo.ndman Smith,
Snyder, R. M ill on S pee i, St. John, Swiinn, S> pher,
Dvvight Towuseiid, Tmhill, aud Williams oi" Nrcw
York—11.
Ho 1 lie moiion to lay on the table was not
flf;l .'('(1 to.
.Mr, VA \ TIllT.M i'. Is il in order to move
t.o poslji'iiH) the Iiii-tJici- coiiniilcrinioi; of tlii.s
sul'ji'ct. hi some f'niun" day't
'I'iiC A K101!. it is.
.Mr. VAN THUMP. Tlicn I movo llml. ii bo
jioslponi'il toWiMiucMlnynoX! at three o'clock.
All. JlOhMAN. Is that in order pending
tin: call for this previous question?
Mr. STAUKAVKATlliCU. 1 called tlin pre-
vious qiHistioii before the motion to udjouiu
was maili'.
The Sl'iiA KICK. The Olmir stands cor-
rected: the qui'Stio!! ij upon seconding the
jirevious opietumti, which must be disposed of
before the motion to postpune u ill b<'in order.
Mr. KLDU11)(jil5. i Avonld a.dv, if gentle-
men e;m hold out long enough, whether they
can filibuster ont this session?
Mr. PE TERS. 1 desire to move that the
rules he so suspended as to pass a resolution
1 send to ihe Clerk's desk.
Mr, NiBLACK. There are several gentle-
men abfent from the House 
Mr. SiAKKWEATHER. Is debate in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HALDKMAN. Would it be in order
to move that the House now adjourn?
The SPEAKiili, It would bo,
Mr. HALDEMAX Then I make that
motion,
Mr. STARKWEATHER, I suppose those
gentlemen who are desirous of introducing
bills for reference 
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
not debatable.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. PLATT. Is not a motion to postpone
this subject indefinitely in order under the
rules of this House?
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indi-
cate the rule under which lie desires to make
his point ?
Mr. PLATT. I think it is the forty-second
rule, fixing the order of motions.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read tliat
rule.
The Clerk read the forty-second rule, as
follows:
" When ,i question is under debate, no motion shall
be received but to adjourn, to tie on the table, for
t.he previous question, to postpone to a day certain,
to commit or uinenct, to postpone indefinitely; which
sever.) t motions shall havo precedence in the order
in which thoy are arranged ; and no motion to post-
pone to a day certain, to commit, or to postpone
indefinitely, being decided, shall be again allowed
on the same day, and at the sumo stage of tho bill
or proposition."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will per-
ceive that the motion for tlie previous question
takes precedence of the motion to postpone.
Mr. PETERS. 1 move to suspend the rules
in order to pass a resolution I have sent to the
Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes prece-
dence.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Of the call for
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
.question is made under the rules. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] moves to
suspend all rules, so as to pass a resolution
ithieh he has indicated.
Mr. CONNER. I rise t.o a parliamentary
inquiry. On n matter involving simply a ques-
tion uf convenience, such as drawing tor beats,
are not the ieiritorial Delegates entitled to a
vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that, under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, they are not. j_ Laughter.] The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters J moves that
the House suspend the rules and adopt the
resolution which will be read.
VAHDI'l'V 01' CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
Itrxohfl, That the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments to the Constitution of the
United KOites having been ratilied by tho number
of Suite Legislatures necessary to make their adop-
tion valid and biuding,. a well as havinK been sanc-
tion ,-d by the most significant popula r a pprovai. t lie
blithest pat! lot ism and inost enlightened public
pel icy demand ol nil political pm ties and all citizens
an acijuie^eeuee in the v ,i 1 idily - it such constitutional
pro! isions and such reasonable le^isfition of Con-
Bie-w a* may be necessary to inako them in their
letter and spirit most effectual.
Mr. l'E l'ERS. 1 call for the yeas and navs
on the motion to suspend the rules to adopt
the resolution just read.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
precise parliamentary condition of the ques-
tion, so that members may vote understand-
ing^-. The Committee on the Rules being
authorized to report at any time, the report
came in strictly under the rule. It is before
the House, and will remain the unfinished
business if the House should adjourn daring
its pendency. It must be disposed of in some
way. But pending its consideration on Mon-
day, motions to suspend the rules are in order,
aud may be indefinitely made during the day.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I presume the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] does not
wish the yeas and nays oa his proposition ;
I here will be ao objection to it, I suppose. His
object is, doubtless, to tire the House out.
Mr. PETEUS. I insist on the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. 8 f AKKWKA THBR. The gentleman
has a very good seat novv? and I hope under
the new draw he will get another just as good j
for I never knew him to have a bad seat<
Mr. GETZ. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry, whether the proposition of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Peters] is germane to
the question which was before the House a
moment ago.
The SPEAKER. It has nothing to do with
it at all; it is a motion to suspend the rules.
Such a motion on Monday takes precedence of
all other business.
Mr. HALDEM AN. I insist on my motion
to adjourn, and call the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope we shall
not adjourn._ There are several bills which
gentlemen wish to introduce.
On the motion to adjourn there were—ayes
72, noes 91.
Mr. PETERS called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. PL A LT. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in tho negative—yeas GO, nays 124, not voting
55; as follows:
YEAS—Measrs.Arthur.Beatty, Beck, Biggs, James
G. JBlnir, J aines 13iooks. Burdett, Campbell, Cross-
laud, I'Mwnnls, Ely, JjVye, Garrett, (lollsiday,
Haldeunn, llandlcy, llarnicr, Harper, George It!.
Harris, Kelley,Kerr, Kctchnm, luilinger, Lamison,
Loach, Mercur, Merrtam, Morphia, Niblack, Pack-
ard, Packer, Isaac 0. Parker. Peters. Piatt. Prieo,
R.miey. Read, John M. Rice, Ellis II Roberts, Saw-
yer, Soeley, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Slater, Sprague,
Stevenson, Tnffe, Terry, Thoinn-J.Upson.Van Trump,
"\\rakeinan, Waldron, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, JohnT. Wilson, and Winchester—60.
NAYS—Messr.-i. A^kor, Adams, Ambler, Averill,
Banks, Barber, Barnum. Bell, Beveridse, Wighy,
Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, Bright, George M.
Btooks, Buckley, Butlinton, Burchard, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, CSUhvcll, Carroll, Wil-
liam T. Clarke, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Coghlan, Coruujgo, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cieba,
Criteher, Dickev, Doiman, Box, Du Bose, Duoll,
Duke, Duunell, l^ames, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Far- «
well, FmkohiOurg, Charles Foster, Wilder I). Fos-
ter, Gerx, GrillUh, Hale, Hancock, Hanks, Iiawfey,
Il.«y, Ha>s (Jerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hnzleton,
lieu-ford, Herndon, Hibbard, liohnan, Hough-
ton, King, Lamport,, Lansing, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch,
iManson, ALush.ili. M.iynaid. MeCloll.ind, McCor-
miek, MeCrew. Mellon rv, MeTnLyiw. Me J an kin, Me-
Neely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyer", Monroe,
Moore, Morey. Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr,
Palmer, Ho>.ea W. Parker, Puok, Pendleton, Perce,
Eli Perry, Porter, Randall, William R. Roberts,
Rusk, Sargent, Sessions, Shober, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smiih, Snapp, Thomas J.
Speer, Starkweather, Storm, Scoughton, Stoweli,
Strong, SutheiUnd, Svpher, Washington Town-
fr-fnd. Turner, Tvvichi l!,Vaushan,VoorbGes, Waddell,
Waldeu, WalK Warren, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
and Jeremiah AI. Wilson—-124.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Archer, Barry,
Braxton, Cox, Crecly, Darrall. Dawes. De Large,
Eliiotr, j?ork«r, Henry D. Foster, Garfield. Good- "
rich, Halsey, llanibleton, Joim T. ll.tms, Havens,
Hill, Hoar. Hooper, KeJiogtr, Kendal!, Kinsella,
MuOrary, MeKeo, AloKinncy, Mitchell, Aaion F.
Periv, J'oland. Potter, Piindle. Edward Y. Rico,
Ritenie, Robinson, Pvogeis, Roo&cvell, Seoheld,
 Shankh, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Stoss, II. Boardmau
Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Sneer, Stevens, St. John,
Swann, Dwight Townsend, Tutliill, Tvner, Williams
of Indiana, Wiliiams of New York, Wood, and
loung—5j.
8o the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] to suspend the rules, for the purpose
of introducing aud passing the resolution
which has been read.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask the gentleman
from Maine to let mo offer an amendment. It
is not antagonistic, but pertains to the question
of drawing for seats.
Mr. 1'iANDALL. The resolution of the
gentleman from Maine relates entirely to a
different question.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask the resolution be
again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the question whether
we can have a division on that resolution?
The SPRAIvER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. RANDALL. T wish to have it divided
after the word ''valid," and between the words
"valid" and '' binding."
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object.
