1872.
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4417
A bill (S. No; 527) to reimburse United
States marshals for moneys expended by them
in taking the ninth census,"in excess of the
compensation allowed them under the law.in
force before the passage of thisactj •
A bill (S. No. f>38) lor the relief of Albert
D. Pieree. post master at Snmmerville, Ottawa
county, Kansas ;•
A bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of Thomas
B. Stewart and Alexander McConn, of West
Virginia :
A bill ($.■ No. 562) in relation to settlers on
certain Indian reservations in the State of
Minnesota; - .
A btll (S. No. 599) granting a pension to
Julia Belle Dunlap;
A bill (S No. 626) to authorize the sale of
certain public property;
A bill (S. No. 636) for the relief of Elbridge
Gerry;
A bill (S. No. 663) for the relief of David
L. Wright, l#te captain of company E, fifty-
first regiment Indiana volunteers;
A bill (S. No. 699) fixing the salaries of
the United States attorney and United States
marshal for the district of Nebraska;- .
A bill (S. No. 774) to declare thetrue intent
and meaning of section two of an act entitled
'•An act. to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy ihrongboutthe UnitedSlates," approved
March 2, 1807;
A bill (S. No. 780) to provide for the re
demption and sale of lands held by the United
States under the several acts, levying direct
taxes;
A bill (S. No. 842) to authorize the construc-
tion of a bridge across the.Mississippi river at
or near the city of Red Wing, in the State of
Minnesota, and to establish it as a post road ;
A bill (S. No. 858) granting a pensiou to
John B. Rose, of Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 984) granting the right of
way thiough the public lands to the Denver
and liio Grande Railway Company ;
A bill (S. No. 995) to perfect certain land
titles I herein described ;
A bill (S. No. 1002) granting the- right of
way ihtoush the public lands to the Pensacota
and Louisville Uailrond Company of Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 1054) to reimburse the State
of Kentucky for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, subsisting, cloth-
ing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying,
and transporting militia foices to aid in sup-
pressing the rebellion ;
A bill (S. No. 1060) for the relief" of Sarah
S. Stafford ;
A bill (S. No. 1063) granting a pension to
L. Adelia Foster ;
A biil (S. No. 1064) granting a pension to
J. VV. Cronkite;
A bill (S. No. 1073) increasing the rates of
pension to certain persons therein described ;
A bill (S No. 1099) to grant an American
register to the British brig Balear;
A bill (S. No. 1113) granting a pension to
Calvin A. Laws;
A bill (S. No. 1119) granting a pension to
Margaret Nelson;
A b'U (S. No. 1143) for the relief of James
D. Willoughby, of Vtneland, New Jersey;
A bill (S. No. 1149) granting a pension to
Catherine Croweil;
A bill (S.-No. 1150) granting a .pension to
Abigail livan, widow of Thomas A. Ityan ;
A'bill (S. No. 1151) for the relief of Calista
E. Cox;
A bill (S. No. 1153) to amend an act relat-
ing to soldiers' and sailors' homesteads;
A bill (S. No. 1182) for the completion and
publication of the Medical and Surgical History
of the Rebellion ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2975) to amend the fifth
section of an act entitled -' An act making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and-
judicial Hxpenses of the Government for the
year ending Juue 30, 1873, and for.other pur-
poses and
A bill (EL R. No. 2777) for the relief of tlie
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 277.
sureties of S. F. Marks, former postmaster at
New Orleans.
MARTIN P HARDIN,
Mr. ALCORN. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to hear me a moment, and then
if there is objection to the request I shall make
I will say nothing more.
Mr. SAWYER. I should dislike to prevent
the Senator from saying what he wishes, or
introducing a bill here, but I must insist on
the regular order.
Th" PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina objects.
Mr. ALCORN. What, is the regular order?
The PRESIDING . OFFICER. The bill
before the Senate is the bill (H. R. No. 2247)
giving the approval and sanction of Congress
to the termini and route of the Anacosiia and,
Potomae railroad. and to regulate its construc-
tion and operaiion.
Mr. ALCORN. I move now to postpone
indefinitely the bill under consideration; and
I desire to say a word. I am satisfied in
regard.to the bill under consideration that the
Senate is not sufficiently acquainted with its
merits to pass upon it at this stage of the ses-
sion. My mind is in doubt with regard to the
propriety of the bill. 1 am in favor of extend-
ing charters to railroad companies in the city
of Washington for the benefit of that, class of
men known as ihe laboring class, if I may use
the word "class," which was objected to the
other day by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
As to the avenues here, they should be pre-
served ; but they are broad, and they certainly
have room enough to give way to the poor
man who has labored all day, and who, foot-
sore, desires to return to his home at night.
There are other things to be considered here
besides the elegancies and the luxuries of a
city.
But what I wanted to say—and I make this
part of my speech on the motion to indefinitely
postpone—was this: Martin P. -Hardin, of
Mississippi, several years ago entered a piece
of land, one hundred and sixty acres, that was
shown by the books to belong 10 the Govern-
ment of the United States. He paid for that
land $200. Afterward he was ejected from
the land by a suit in chancery and had the costs
to pay. The proceedings show that it was
a mistake on the books of the Register of
the Land Office. The man is poor. He was
ejected from the land. The money went into
Che Treasury, $200. That poor man came to
Congress, and the House of Representatives
passed a bill twelve months ago to give him
back his $200. Here are all the papers. The
bill came to the Senate, and because of the.
fact that it was a small matter, and because of
the fact that the poor man was unknown here,
it was passed over, and the papers were lost.
We went back then and got transcripts from
the records at the Land Office and hail all the
papers renewed again. The matter was started
in the House of Representatives, came to the
Judiciary Committee, was reported upon, and
passed without a single dissenting voice, and
here it is again to-night. Now I ask that
before Cotigress adjourns we shall consider
this small tiling attaching to the duties of Con-
gress.
Mr. POMEROY. Has it passed the House
of Representatives at this session ?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir; it has passed
again.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let us put it on its
passage.
Mr. ALCORN. If the Senate will allow me
to call up this bill, I promise I will not say
another word during this session.
Mr. SAWYER. What is tlie question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the indefinite postponement
of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. That has been with-
drawn.
Mr. ALCORN. Having made my speech
in favor of this little bill, I will now withdraw
the motion to.postpoae indefinitely the railroad
bill, and I ask the Senate t« give me Su oppor-
tunity to pass this bill beforelte adjournment.
Mr. CLAYTON. I now tfpu^w.my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
motion?
Mr. CLAYTON. I nioye that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution for consideration: . ,
liesoleed by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.). Tuat tlie hour fixed fbi-the filial
adjournment of tfitftwo'Uous'es.on Monday, tile loth
iiistnnt, be extended to six o'clock p. ni. ®! thatday,
at which hour the President of the rieuata ajod tUe
Speaker of the House do adjourxi their respective
Houses without day. . * • > '
ORDER OF BUSINESS. ' ...
Mr. CARPENTER. I have here a small
bill which 1 desire to report from the Comfnit-
tee on the Judiciary. It is a. bill (H. K. No.
2780) for the relief of W. W. Griffin—a bill
of eight lines, which is all right and ought to
pass, and 1 hope it will be put oa its passage
now.-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Mississippi has asked unanimous eon-
sent to consider a bill', which will be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. Ho.
1457) for the relief of Martin P. Hardin, of
Pontotoc county, Mississippi.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I rise to a question of
Order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order^
Mr. ALUOliN. ' Do not object to this bill.
Mr. CONKL1NG.* My point of order is
tins: and 1 will say to my honorable ,friend
(i-otii Mississippi that it is not personal to him
or his bill. My fiiend on my right, [Mr..Buck-
ingham,] who has a bill of vastly more im-
portance, and who hasiried many times in my
hearing to get it up and been met by objec-
tion, is waiting still to make a motion in favor
of ins bill. Now,. my point of order is that the
Senate has voted to proceed to the consideration
of executive business, and unjil ahatitwder is
rescinded no legislative business is in order,,
and I object to it..'
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The Chair under-
stood no objection was made.
Mr. CONKLING. I object. I want equality
of rights here.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like the
Senate to give me an opportunity to take up
this bill at such time as they please before the
doors are closed or immediately after they are
opeued. It is a bill of great public import-
ance which , has no refe^•ene^ to the private
interests of any man.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest that
after the Senate is through with iis executive
business, the doors be opened and these bills
be permitted to pass. The one is a piivate
bill aud the other is a bill of great importance.
Mr. CARPENTER. Including the bill I
offered from the Committee on tue Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICES. The Chair
understands, then, that the bill proposed by
the Senator from Connecticut, as also the bill
of the Senator from Mississippi, and the bill
of the Sen-ator from Wisconsin are to be con-
sidered afer the executive session. The Sen-
ator from Michigan also has a bill which he
desires to have considered.
Mr. POMEROY. And the Senator from
New York.
Mr. CAMERON. And the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. TIPl'ON. And the Senator from
Nebraska.
Mr. HILL. And the President has one.
