1872.
THE CONGKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
2625
will remind the Senate that this discussion is
out of order pending the roll-call.
Mr. Pomerot and Mr. Caldwell entered
the Chamber and voted in the negative.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I paired yesterday on
this bill with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Febby,] he saying that he was against
the bill and in favor of any amendments that
might, be suggested, and I being in favor of
the bill and opposed to all amendments except
those offered by the committee. I am a new
Senator, and I want to be thoroughly honor-
able and square on the record. If it is proper
for me to vote on the question of adjournment
I am ready to vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that it is en-
tirely proper for the Senator to vote on either
side ot the motion to adjourn, but if he votes
on the side which he thinks antagonizes the
bill, to make a quorum, he is certainly more
than fair. If he votes as he thinks the Sen-
ator from Connecticut would if he were here,
he gives him a double advantage.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Then, in order to make
a quorum, I vote "yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 6, nays
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Hitch-
cock. Johnston, and Tipton—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Caldwell. Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett,
Ferry of Michigan, Ifrelinghuysen, fcroldthwaite,
Harlan, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan. Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Seott, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,
West, and Wright—31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames. Brownlow,
Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, 1'enton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton
ot Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, Hamlin, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague,
Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wilson, and Windom—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, having
called the attention of the Senate to the char-
acter of this amendment and its desirableness
with reference to that branch of the service
with which, by the order of the Senate, I have
been more particularly connected 
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will yield
to me for a moment, I do not think we can
finish this bill to-night, and after consult-
ing with several friends of the bill, it is the
opinion of most of them that we had better
adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope not.
Mr. STEWART. I will make the motion,
and we can take a vote upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. We have just voted on
that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada not. to do precisely v?hat he pro-
poses, as several Senators have gone down
stairs for a moment, to be called whenever a
vote is taken ; and if he is going to take the
sense of the Senate, I think he had better
send down and let them know that a vote is
to occur immediately. They have gone down
to be gone only a few moments to get a lunch
and come right back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Iowa yield to the motion of the
Senator from Nevada?
'Mr. MORTON. We can pass the bill in
half an hour.
Mr. HARLAN. I would be willing to yield
to whatever I might believe was the wish of a
majority of the members of the Senate, but I
am inclined to think a majority of the mem-
bers of the Senate would prefer to sit some
time longer and make an earnest effort to pass
this bill,
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the motion
for the present.
Mr. HARLAN. As Iwas aboutto observe,
I feel that I have discharged my duty in calling
the attention of the Senate to the character ot
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 165.
this amendment and what I believe would be
its beneficial effect on the Indian tribes to
whom we have come under some obligation
to make provision. I know of no public inter-
est that would suffer by it in any way, and I
have no local interest in favor of the road to
which the amendment refers. I have no per-
sonal reason for urging the amendment, and
as I observed that one of the Senators repre-
senting a State more directly interested than
any other State of the Union was willing to
let t-his amendment be withdrawn with a view
of testing the judgment of the Senate at some
other time and in some other way in relation
to the propriety of its adoption, 1 shall before
I take my seat withdraw this amendment;
but I wish to say that I desire to present, an
amendment of much more gravity, on which
I should be very glad to be heard, not at very
great length, but at sufficient length to pre-
sent my views distinctly to the Senate. If it
is the wish of the Senate that I should pro-
ceed to-night in so thin a Senate as we now
have, of course I shall go on cheerfully.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, to my
mind and from my stand-point the offering of
these different amendments is mere opposition
to the bill. We have a Northern Pacific rail-
road, which is now being built. We have a
Central and Union Pacific railroad that have
been built. The people of the South now de-
sire through their Representatives and Sen-
ators here to have a Southern Pacific road. I
care not who builds it; only I wish a road
built. I would feel under a personal obliga-
tion to the Senator if he would not throw any
further obstruction in the way of the passage
of this bill, but would allow us to vote.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know what reason
the honorable Senator from South Carolina
has for impugning my motives. If I remem-
ber correctly, I favored the passage of the
original bill authorizing the construction of
this road, and have never to my knowledge
expressed one word in opposition to its suc-
cess, and if he has, from anything that I have
said or done at any time, drawn the conclusion
he has just expressed as applicable to me, I
can assure that honorable Senator that he errs
very greatly. So far from being opposed to
the construction of this road, 1 desire it to be
constructed; I de.-ire its success; and f have
suggested no amendment at any time that I
supposed would impede tbe construction of
the road, and I have repeatedly expressed my
desire to vote for any amendment of this bill,
or for any provision in the bill, or to be sug-
gested as ati amendment to the bill, that would
remove any obstruction to its rapid and cer-
tain construction. This is my candid wish, to
have that road built, and this amendment that
I now propose is in the line of that wish.
Mr. SPENCER Do I understand the Sen
ator from Iowa to have withdrawn the amend-
ment in regard to the Atlantic and Pacific
road?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; I withdraw that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has so understood the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. And I propose to amend
the bill on page 3, section three, line twelve,
lay inserting, after the word "needful," the
words "not inconsistent with the provisions
of the twentieth section of the act to which
this is a supplement." This may be accept-
able to the friends of the bill, if so, 1 have
nothing to say upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Iowa
was present when the Senator from Vermont
offered his amendment, insu; ing the word
"lawful" between the words "under" and
" contracts," he will remember tbe statement
that was made with reference to the twentieth
section. It was to meet this purpose, and it
was met by that word already inserted. I do
not know whether the Senator from Iowa was
in the Senate when that amendment was
adopted and when the Senator from Vermont
made the statement, but it was expressly said
that the amendment was made for that purpose
and that it did meet the provisions of that
twentieth section.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment can be
very easily read. It having been adopted, it is
of course now a part of the bill. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The bill was amended
on page 8, section three, line ten, by inserting,
between the words " under " and "contracts,"
the word " lawful;" so as to read, " under
lawful contracts with such parties,"
Mr. HARLAN. 1 do not think that ob-
viates the necessity of my amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. The twentieth section simply
provides that it shall not be lawful for any of
the directors to make such and such contracts,
and by inserting the word "lawful" in this
amendment it does accomplish the very pur-
pose which the Senator from Iowa desires, and
his amendment would be mere surplusage in
the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I have great respect for
the legal acumen of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, but I suppose, if this bill
should become a law, anything which would
be in harmony with its provisions would be
lawful.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not ask the Senator to
take my opinion upon it. It was the opinion
of the Senator from Vermont, and he stated
at the time he offered it that he did it for that
purpose. The Senator will remember that.
Mr. HARLAN. Did it for the purpose of
preventing contracts being made with direct-
ors of the road ?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir; the Senator from
Vermont so stated.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, if that is the judg-
ment of the Senator, of course I shall not
insist on my amendment; but it would not
damage the bill at least to put it in.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Iowa has
any doubt about it, let me call his attention
to the twentieth section. It is a prohibition
upon the directors, "either in their individual
capacity, or as members of an incorporated or
joint stock company, to make any contracts
or agreements with the said Texas Pacific
Railroad Company," and declares all such
contracts unlawful. Now, the Senator from
Vermont amended this section of the bill so
that all contracts which they make for the
construction of their road are required to be
lawful contracts. Here are contracts which
are declared unlawful, and here contracts are
expressly required to bo lawful, and the Sen-
ator from Vermont offered his amendment
declaring that it was with reference to that
very section. He had considered it, and I
have no doubt it accomplishes the purpose.
If the Senator is satisfied of that, I hope he
will not insist upon his amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
is clear on that point, and the bill is passed
with that understanding, I will withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was ordered to be eugrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THA AND OOFFEE DUTY.
Mr, SCOTT. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 174, repealing the duties upon tea and
coffsG.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill be taken up.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not, want it taken up.
Mr. CONKLING. Not for Monday ?
Mr. BLAIR. No, not for any time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the roll iscalled
I wish to suggest that I presume the Senator
from Pennsylvania wants to take up this bill,
not. that it may be acted on now, but that we
may get early action upon it.
