4f4. IS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. NYE. I want a little chance .too.
[Laughter.]
Mr. AMKS. I have a oouferenoe report
that I wish to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Chair will consider the Sen-
ate in open session to. receive the conlerence
report. Is there objection ?
Several Senators. No objection.
Mri AIiCO.liN* I simply want the rule
applied to me, in a case of so much merit,
enforced upon my-Colleague.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Chair
will observe to the Senator from Mississippi
that itekpeditesthe public business very much
to dispose of thesfc reports as they are pre-
sented. : Dbeshe sfcill object?
Me. ALCORN. Very well, I will not throw
anything in the way of the public business. X
withdraw the objection.
STAFF DKPARTMKNTS.
Mr. AMES submitted the following report:
• The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill <?f the Senate
Nt>."996, entitled "An act to repeal so much of sec-
tion six ofr an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending Juno 30,1870, and for oth$r purposes,' ap-
proved'March 3,186$, iis prohibits promotion in the
staff department of the Array,** having met, after
full and lr«e conference have agreed to recommend,
and do j-ecpomepd to thoir respective Houses, as
follows:
That'the Senate concur in the amendment of the
Iiuase* $nd agree, to the same with the following
amendment, to wit: insert, after the word "pro-
motion," in the tilth line, the following word*:
"and new appointmentsalso strike out the word
"maicr," in the fifteenth line, and insert the word
"colonel."
Amend tho title so as to strikeout the word "staff"
and insert the word " engineer."
So that the bill when amended will read as fol-
lows; t
That so much of section six of an act ontitled 'An
act making appropriations for the support of the
Army-for the year ending June 30,-1870, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1S0S), as prohibits
Sromotions and new appointments in tlio engineers'
epartmont be, and ihe same is hereby, repealed:
i^Wi(tet/,/Ihafc nothing herein contained shall au-
thorise promotions in said department above the
grade 6f bolonel.
ADEL13ERT AMES,
v. , FHAJSK V. BLAIK,
Jtyanuffent on tha part t±f the Senate.
' J. COBUltN,. "
W. tt. DON.VAN,
II. W. SLOOUM,
Manager* on the part of the House.
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 wish to ask the Senator
from Mississippi if this applies only to the
engineer corps?
Mr. AMES. Only to the engineer corps,
and authorizes promotions to the grade of
colonel and new appointments in that corps.
The report was concurred in.
INDIANS OF CKNTIIA& SUPJGUINTKNDENCY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Chair will now lay before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep
reaentatives to the bill (S. No. 1176} for the
relief of certain Indiana in the central super-
intendency.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to strike out all of the original Sen-
ate bill, and insertthe followingas a substitute:
Be it enacted, &v., That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and ho is hereby, directed and required to
have an inventory tajseu-ot all tho lands and appurte-
nances thereto appertaining,remaining unsold.racn-
tionesd iti the sixth article of tho treaty between the
United States, ami said tribe of Indians, concluded
J.une 24, A. Ik 1862.,ant} pi oclaimed July 1862. or
acquired, held, or controlled under authority con-
ferred by Slid article, including any lands form-
erly trust-lands, belonging to said tribe, purchased
and held by the trustees provided for in said article ;
including also any land acquired by the trustees of
Otraw.i Uriiv.ersuy, under authority of the twentieth
siruele of the treaty of July 23, 1867, between the
U oiced slates and thcSenceas, Mixed beneeas,Shaw-
nee*, and other Indians or in any other manner,
together also with the section of land reserved under
tiie piovisions of said article of the treaty aforesaid
fur the ioc.uion of a school and tho appurtenances
thereto anperiaiuiug; also, ot all bonds, notes, mort-
gages,, moneys, credits, assets, and other property
arising from sales heretofore madeof lands men-
tioned in the said sixth article of said treaty, or
from sale of lands purchased by tho trustees pro-
vided for therein,or from any other source, and the
said lands, premises, appurtenances, bonds, notes,
mortgages, credits, assets, and other property afore-
said, shall be inventoried and appraised bv three
commissioners, who shall be appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. After tho inventory and ap-
praisement of said lands, premises, appurtenances,
bonds, notes, mortgages, moneys, credits, assets, and
other property aloresaid, as herein provided, the
Secretary of the Interior shall be, and hereby is,
authorized and required forthwith to take posses-
sion of for the United States, advertise, and sell the
same upon such terms and conditions as he may
prescribe: Provided, however. That such advertise-
ment shall be inserted once in each week for four
weeks, successively, in a newspaper published and
having general circulation.in Franklin county, Kan-
sas and for the same length of tune in the State
paper of Kansas, published at the city of Topeka,
State of Kansas: And provided further. That bid
shall be accepted that may beless than the appraised
value of such premises and other property : And
provided further. That said bonds, notes, mortgages,
credits, per?onal property, and assets shall be sold
in separate parcels, and the land shall be sold in
j/areels of not more than one hundred and' sixty
acres each; and no purchaser shall be permitted to
purchase more than one quarter section thereof.
Upon the payment of tho purchase-money of said
land upon tho terms and conditions aforesaid, the
Secretary ol tho Interior shall cause to bo issued to
the purchaser or purchasers, patents for the same.
Said land, and the whoio thereof, shall be subject
to taxation as other lands in the State ot Kansas
are taxable* notwithstanding any provision of law
heretofore existing. The said commissioners are
authorized'to examine under oath any person, or
persons, touching tho proporty, credits, or assets
hereinbefore mentioned, and to compel the produc-
tion of such books or other testimony as may pcr-
taio to the same. And for this purpose they are, and
each of them is hereby, empowered to administer
ail necessary oaths; and the trustees, acting under
said sixth article of said treaty, are hereby required
upoo demand to account to said commissioners for
all moneysi property, choses in action, or assets of
any description that may be now or at any time
heretofore have been in their possession, or under
their control, and the trust orcated by virtue of said
article is hereby discharged, vacated, and declared
at an end. But nothing herein contained shall be
so construed as to relieve tho s<j,id trustees, oranyof
them, lVom any liability incurred in tho management
or disposition of said property, or any part thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be paid to the sev-
eral members of the said tribe, their heirs or assigns,
per capita ; and in case any of the members of said
tribe ure minora, then such sums of money as are
due or coming to them from such proceeds shall
be paid to the guardian of such minors appointed
under the laws of the State of Kansas.
Tho commissioners to be appointed under the
proviMons of this act shall receive compensation for
their services at the rate of five dollars for each day
actually engaged in tho' duties herein designated,
in addition to the amount paid by them tor actual
travel and other ncecsaary expenses, and tho said
sums and expenses shall be paid out of the funds
arising from the sales of the property herein pro-
vided to be disposed of.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to concur
in the amendment of the House.
The amendment was concurred in.
BXBCUTIVB SESSION.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Now I ask the Sen-
ate to take up Senate bill No. 1125, and I
shall occupy the attention of the Senate but a
very few minutes on the subject, or I am
willing that the bill shall be read and passed
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read. '
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Oniy for
information. 'We want to hear the bill read
first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made to fui'ther proceedings in open session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded-to the con-
sideration of executive business ; and after one
hour and thirty minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened; and (at
twelve o'clock p. m.) the Senate adjouriied.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satuuday, June 8, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CAPTAIN BUICB X. BLAIR.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, reported back froiti the Com-
mittee of Claims, with a recommendation that
it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1652) for the relief
of Captain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at
Huntingdon, Pennsylvania.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that the post, office at Huntingdon, Pennsyl-
vania,' was broken into on the night of Oc-
tober 26, 1870, and the safe therein blown
open and postage stamps stolen therefrom to
the amount of $328 48, without any fault'or
neglect of the postmaster. The bill therefore
authorizes the Postmaster General, in the set-
tlement of the accounts of Brice X- Blair,
postmaster at Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, to
allow him a credit lor the sum of $328 48,
the amount of postage stamps stolen fiom his
safe on the night of October 26, 1870.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. This bill
has been carefully considered by the Commit-
tee of Claims, and meets their approval.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a report in the
case?
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. There is
a petition accompanied with a sworn statement
ot citizens of standing and respectability, and
a certificate of my colleague from Huntingdon
district, [Mr. Spebb.]
Mr. MAYNARD. In cases of this kind it
is very desirable that a statement of the facts
should go upon record in some form, so as to
show the basis of the relief grauted. I ask
that the statement of Mr. Speer, of Pennsyl-
vania, be printed.
The statement is as follows:
Captain B. X. Blair is postmaster in the town in
which I live, and I know Iroin personal knowledge
that the room in which the post office is kept was
entered by burglars and the sale blown open by the
exp osion of powder. Thepostmasteris a one-armed
soldier: and his statement under oath is entitled to
full credit and belief. The names signed to this
petition embrace several of the leading citizens of
my town, and many others could have been obtained
had they been deemed necessary.
B. MILTON SPEER.
April 29. 1872.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on tbe'table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FKAKCI8 B STKWAKT.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, also, by
unanimous consent, reported from the Com-
mittee of Claims a bill (H. R. No. 2977) for
ihe relief of Francis B. Stewart, postmaster at
Altoona, Blair county, Pennsylvania; which
was read a lirst and second time.
The bill authorizes and requires the Post-
master General, iu settling the accounts of F.
B. Stewart, postmaster at Altoona, Pennsyl-
vania, to allow him a credit for the sum of
$1,116 16, the amount of postage stamps
stolen trom his office by burglars ou the night
of, October 7, 1870.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1NCUEASK OF PENSIONS.
Mr. PECK submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1073) in
relation to the increase of pension in certain e..-ses
of specific disability, after lull and free conlerenee
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend 10
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
and conscut to the following change in the Senate
bill, Bamciy^in lino ten, alter the woid " hands,"
insert " or shall have lost both feet," and m line
fourteen of said bill, after the word" of/* insert
"$31 25" in lieu of "thirty dollars" per month;
and in line fitUea.of said bill strike out the words
'both ieet," and in line sixteen of said bill strike
out the words "or," and in lino twenty-six of said
bill, after the word " month," strike out all there-
