782
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d (Jong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
(Here any stipulation for changes, or sub-
stitution of one article for another, may be
inserted.) .
substitutes.
One ounce of coffee, or cocoa, or chocol ate,
may be substituted for one quarter ounce of
tea; molasses for sugar, the quantity to be
one half more ; one pound of potatoes or
yams ; one half-pound flour or rice ; one third
pint of pease or one quarter pint of barley
may be substituted for each other. When
fresh meat is issued, the proportion to be two
pounds per man per day, m lieu of salt meat.
Flour, rice, and pease, beef and pork, may be
substituted for each other, and for potatoes
onions may be substituted.
Table E.—Certificateof Discharge—(Section 24.)
c fl
c > 
II
5
rt
6
I §
> u
I certify that the above particulars are cor-
rect, and that the above-named seaman was
discharged accordingly.
Daied day of , eighteen hundred
and i .
(Signed,) , Master.
(Countersigned,) , Seaman.
Given to the above-named seaman in my
presence this   day of  , eighteen
hundred und :
(Signed,)
Shipping
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Co
mmissioner.
Chap. CCCXXIII.—An Act granting the Right
of Way through I he Public Lands to the
Jacksonville and Saint Augustine Railroad
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives if the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That there is hertby
grained to the Jacksonville and Saint Angus
tine Uiiilroitd Company, the same being a cor-
poiation existing under the laws of the Slate
of Florida, the right of way through the pub
lie lands of the United States between Jack-
sonville and Saint Augustine, for one hundred
feet in width on each side of the track of said
railroad and of any of its branches, with the
right to take from said lands, or from any of
the public lands adjacent, thereto, stone, tim-
ber, eanh, or other material, to be used m the
construction and repair of said railroad; and
said company shall also have the right to enter
upon any of the public lands or lots of land,
the property of the United Slates, and take
the same for depots, shop*, side-tracks, or
other necessary uses of said railroad : Pro-
vided, That no lot or tract of land so taken
shall exceed foriv acres in anyone place. No
military reservation shall be crossed or appro-
priated unless the consent of the Secretary of
\\ ar be first obiained, and then only under such
restrictions as he shall establish. Said road
shall be a postal and military road, and Con-
gress shall have the right to alter, amend, or
repeal this act as shall in its discretion be
deemed best.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
CHAP.*t!CCXXIV.—An Act to provide for a
Building for the use of the Federal Courts,
Post Office, Internal Revenue, and other civil
Offices in the City of Little Rock, Arkansas.
Tie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatices of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'That the Secretary of the
Xreasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to purchase a site for, and cause to
be constructed, asuitable building, with a fire
proof vault extending to each story, at the city
of Li'tle Rock, in the State of Arkansas,
£>r the accommodation of ihe Unit,td States
circuit, and district corn ts, post, office, internal
revenue, and other Government offices; and
for this purpose there is hereby appropiiated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
shall cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that 110 expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of said build
ing and payment, for the site thereof beyond
ihe amount herein appropriated: Provided,
That no part of the sum herein appropimu-d
shall be used or expended, until a valid ti.le
to the siie of said building shall be vested in
the United States, and until the State of Ark-
ansas shall duly release and relinquish its juris-
diction over the same, and its right, to tax said
site and the property which may be thereon
duiing the time the United States shall be or
remain the owner thereof.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXV.—An Act to quietthe Titleto
Certain Lands in Dakota Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'That it. shall be the duty
oftlie Secretary of the Interior to examine and
report to Congress what title or interest the
Sisseton and Wahpeton bands of Sioux In-
dians have to any portion of the laud mentioned
and panicularly described in the second arii-
cle of'ihe treaty made and concluded wilh said
bands of Indians on the nineteenth d^y of
February, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
and afterwaid amended, ratified, and pro
claimed on the second day of May, of ihe same
year, or by virtue of aoy other law or treaty
whatsoever, excepting such rights as were se-
cured to said bandsof'Indians by the third and
fourth articles of said treaty, as a "permanent
reservation and whether any, and, if any,
what, compensation ought, in justice and
equity, to be made to said bands of Indians,
respectively, for the extinguishment of what-
ever title they may have to said lands.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXVI.—An Act relating to a Site
for public Buildings in liarrisburgii, Penn-
sylvania, and Sacramento, California.
Be it enacted by the Senate.and Hmtse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
make an examination, and report to Congress
the terms upon which suitable sites can be
obtained for ihe erection of any needed public
buildings in Harrisburgh, Pennsylvania, and
Sacramento, California.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXVII.—An Act authorizing the
First, National Bank of Annapolis to change
its Location and Name.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the F'irst National
Bank of Annapolis, now located in the city of
Annapolis, and State of Maryland, is hereby
authorized to change iis location to the city of
Baltimore, in said State. Whenever the stock-
holders representing three fourths of the capital
of said bank, at a meeting called for that pur-
pose. determine to make such change, the
president and the cashier shail execute a cer-
tificate, under the corporate .-eal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recorded in the office of the
Comptroller of the Cunency, and thereupon
such change of location shall be effected, and
the operations of discount and deposit of said
bank bhall be carried on in the city of Balti-
more.
Sec. 2. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to
release the said bank from any liability or
a fleet any action or proceeding in law in which
the said bank may be a party or interested.
And when such change shall have been determ-
ined upon, as aforesaid, notice thereof and of
such change shall be published in two weekly
papeis in the city of Annapolis not less than
four weeks.
Sgo. 3. That whenever the loca'ion of said
bank shall have been changed from the city
of Annapolis to the ciiy of Baltimore, in
accordance with the first section of this act,
iis name shall be changed to the Traders'
National Bank of Btitimore, if the board of
d,rectors of said bank snail accept the new
name by resolution of the board, and cause a
copy of such resolution, duly authentica:ed, to
be tiled with ihe Comptroller of the Currency.
Sec 4. That all the debts, demands, liabili-
ties, rights, privileges, and powers of the First
Na.ioual Bank of Annapolis shall devolve upon
the Traders' National BankofBal imore when-
ever such change of name is effected.
Sec. 5. That this act shall take effect and
be in force f rom and after us passage.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act. to regulate the Diplomatic
and Consular systems of the United States,"
approved August eighteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and iihy-six.
Be itenacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That schedule C of sec-
tion three of an act entitled "An act to regu-
latethe diplomatic and consular systems of the
United States," approved August eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fif<y-six, be amended so
as to add to the consuls in Brazil a consul at
Santa rem.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXIIL—An Act to amend an
Act entitled "An Act regulating Proceed-
ings in Criminal Cases, aud for other pur-
poses," approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section two of the
act entitled '"An act regulating proceedings
in criminal cases, and for other purposes,"
