1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2627
ate would adjourn, but be did not submit such
a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
then, stands corrected. The Chair supposed
the Senator from California had made the
motion.
Mr. CA.SSERLY. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from New Yoik for expound-
ing iny position so well. lie happens to be
right on this occasion. I made no such mo-
tion. I simply suggested in a mild way the
hope that the Senate would adjourn under the
circumstances.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
supposed the Senator from California made
that motion. The Chair will now put the
question on the motion of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the
attendance of the absentees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. - I hardly think
it is a proper thing to do. At any rate 1 do
not think the urgency for doing it now would
justify the attempt, whether it could be accom-
plished or not. In the first place, it wilt inter-
fere with the business of Monday, and this "bill
ought to take its chances with that, business,
the business already ordered for Monday. We
have spent to day upon a railroad proposition ;
when we had the option to consider that bill I
voted to consider the tea and coffee bill instead,
and now we are here at hall past eight o'clock.
Mr. CONKLINQ. How does the Senator
say he voted?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. When the prop-
osition was to lay the other bills aside in order
to come to the tea and coffee bill, I so voted.
The distinct understanding was that the spe-
cial order was to go on the table, and all else
was to go on the table until we reached the
tea and coffee bill. Now, we are told that the
tea and coffee duty is an exigent thing for
legislation. It is no more so than it was two
days ago, according to my judgment. It may
be by two days.
Mr. CARPENTER. More so every hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That may be
true ; but to call the Senate of the United
States back here at half past eight o' clock after
these two days' experience, I hive not the
slightest idea of doing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York has moved that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the
attendance of the absent Senators.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 10. • ,, ,
Mr. BLAIR and Mr. HI1CHCOCK called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 8; as
follows:
1 HAS-Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, CcmkUng,
Oorbett Ferry ot Michigan, irehughuyseu, liaiun,
lliil.Kowe, Kellogg, Pomeroy, Kamsey,Scott,&pen-
CeNAYS-M^I"SB'"Iir!'Casserly, Clayton, Gold-
thwfilt liuchcoJk, Logan. Morrill of Maine, and
ABSEIfi'—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, B°re-
iuuii JJrownlow, Buckingham, 0:ildwe 11, Caineion,
Chandler Cote Cooper, Crugin. Davis of IventacLy,
DaVis of \Vest Virginia, Mw-
Coimecticut, Flanagan, (nlbcrt, .Huem t<in ot M.i y
l' nd Hamilton of Texas, llaiulm, J oimaton, iveny,
Lewi's. Morrill of Vermont Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, luce, KobcrUon.
Saulsbury. Schurz, Sherman, &P^ue btei'enso ,
Btewait, Stockton, bumner, 111urman. liyton.iruui
bull, Vickers, Wilson, and Windom— ■>.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-
geant at-x\.rms will request the attendance ot
absent i^ensitois. , ,
The Serjeant-at-Arms proceeded by his dep-
ut>es to execute the order of the Senate.
Vaiious Senators entered the Chamber at
intervals, from half past eight^oclock to
mV°" "•e od
enough, sir, to count the Senate!
Mr. CONIvLING. Let the absentees be
called. That will show.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan.) Does the Senator make a mo-
tion ?
Mr. CONIvLING. I think there is a quo-
rum in and about the Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator makes a motion to suspend a'll further
proceedings to call, the Chair will then direct
the Secretary to call the roll.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I desire to make
that motion.
Mr. CONICLING. It may embarrass us if
that prevails. Let the Senator just move
that the list of absentees be called. A motion
is not necessary, because nobody will object.
Let us call, by consent, the list of absentees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves, the Chair
understands, a call of the Senate to test
whether there is a (juorum present. Those
in favor of that motion will say "ay," [put-
ting the question.] The motion is agreed to.
The roll was called, and the following Sen-
ators were found to be present:
PRESENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boroman,
Cameron, Carpenter, Colliding. Corbett, Cragin,
Ferry of Micliican, FrelingUuysen, (*oldtliwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Lojan. Morrill ot
Maine, Osborn, Pomeioy, Piatt, Ramsey, Sawvor,
Scott, Spencer, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, Win-
dom, and Wright—33.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have just, come in. I
should like to know what the question before
the Senate was
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
was found to be without a quorum, and the
Sergeant-at-Arms was directed to request the
attendance of absent Senators.^ I he pending
question at the time was a motion to take up
the bill repealing the duty on tea and coffee.
The yeas and nays were taken on that motion,
and the Senate was found to be without a quo
rum. The Senate then ordered the Sergeant-
at-Arms to be dispatched to request the attend-
ance ot absent Senators, and the Senate is now
found by the roll-call to be still lacking a quo-
rum. , ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what the i
intention of Senatois may be; but it seems to
me it is a singular proceeding to attempt to
hold the Senate hero at this hour on Saturday
evening with the hope of acting on an import-
ant bill. I always make it a point to pay
attention to tiio requests of* the Senate ; but I
confess that I was taken somewhat by surprise
when I was informed that my attendance here
was desired ; and I came, though at some incon-
venience, because I think it is the fiist duty
of a Senator to attend here : but really, unless
there is something that I do not understand,
I do not know why the Senate should be kept
here to-night, unless it is intended to act upon
this bill to night.
Mr. POMEROY. It is intended to pass
the bill as soon as we can get a quorum. _
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a singular thing,
think, for the Senate to attempt to pass a bill
of that character at this hour on Saturday
night, particularly when no notice of it was
given until to-day I think. I cannot see the
object ot this. A majority can take up the bill
oil Monday if it is thought proper to do so. 1
do not, of course, wish my own convenience
to be consulted against the convenience ot the
rest of the Senate; but it is a very singular
proceeding, it seems to me, to hold the Sen-
ate here on the last night of the week in this
way, unless there is something that I do not
understand. ,, c
Alter a few minut'-s' delay, Mr. Ferry, of
Connecticut, entered the Chamber.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This;eems to me to be a
proofless business to remain here in this way;
and with a view of seeing what the desire ot the
body is I move that the Senate adjourn.
I he question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 9, noes 21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- The Senate
refuses to adjourn. The Senate is still with-
out a quorum.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it is useless to
stay here any longer on this question about tea
and coffee. I think the Senate has become
very much wearied out. I judge others by
myself. .1 move that we take the yeas and
nays on the question of adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is too late ; that motion is declared.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will make an-
other motion, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion .
is out of order, no business having intervened.
Mr. TIPTON. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. POMEltOY. On that question we can
have the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not think that motion
is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not in order, there not being a quorum
present.
Mr. POMEROY. Upon that question we
can have the yeas and nays. That will determ-
ine whether there is a quorum present or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain a motion that is not in order.
Upon the last vote it was evident there was
no quorum present.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I move to adjourn,
and I ask for the yeas aud nays upon that
motion. k
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania now moves that the Senate
adjourn, and calls for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Has there been any
business since?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion
has intervened and a motion has been made.
Mr. CARPENTER. The motion was ruled
out of order, and of course could not be dis-
cussed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was
discussion ttiat intervened, and therefore busi-
ness of the Senate. The Chair so rules, and
the question is on the motion to adjourn, upon
which the yeas and nays are asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Crasan, Ferry of
Connecticut, (Joldthwaite, Hamilton ol .Texas, Ham-
lin, Hitchcock, Kelly, Loaan, Morrill ot Maine, Saw-
yer. Stockton, Tipton, iiutnbull, and Wnidom 10.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, iioreman, ^Carpenter,
Conklmg, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan, b rclui(?huy-
scn. Harlan, ilowe, Kellogg, Lewis, O&boin, f^me-
ruy. Pr.ur. Ramsey, Scott, Sponcer. and Wright—lb.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair,..Brown-
low Buckingham, Caldwell easterly, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
ot West Virginia, l^-lmunds, I^enton, JHanagan,
Gilbert. Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, JNye, 1 at-
teison, Pool, lliee, Robertson, b.iuWhury bchurz,
Sherman, Smague, Stevenson, bcewart, bumner.
Thurman, Vickers, West, and Wilson—6d.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
no quorum voting, but the Senate reiuses to
adjourn.
Mr IIOWB. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to bring in enough absent
Senators to constitute a quorum
Mr. TRUMBULL. That motion, I take it,
" The*PliKSU) 1NG OFFICER. The Chair
was about to observe that the usual order ha.i
been made by the Senate, and me bergeaut-
at-Arnis has not yet made his repoit, and
therefore the motion of the Senator Iiom
Wisconsin is not in oi«5e°.
Mr. TUITMBULL. He cannot make such
a motion, 1 apt>rfbfiul at any time.
Mi. HOWE, i would like to know what
the objection to the motion is.
