1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
Laivs of the United States.
42d Coxa....2d Sess.
be, and the same is hereby, amended to read
as follows:
'• Sec. 2. That when the offence charged
he treason or a capital offence, the defendant
rbull be entitled to twenty and the United
Sia'es to five peremptory challenges. On the
trial of any other felony, the defendant, shall
be entitled to ten and the United States to
three peremptory challenges ; and in all other
cases, civil and criminal, each party glial! be
entitled to three peremptory challenges; and
in all cases where there are several defendants
or several plaintiffs, the parties on each side
shall be deemed a single party for the purposes
of all challenges under this section. All chal-
lenges, whether to the array or panel, or to
individual jurors, for cause or favor, shall be
tried by the court without the aid of triers."
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXIV.—An Act to provide for
holding a Circuit, Court of the United States
in and for the Western District of Mis-iouii.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Hovseof Rep-
resentatives if the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a circuit court of
the United States iu and for the west-ra dis-
trict ol Missouri shall hereafter be held at the
ciiy of Jefferson, at the place, of holding the
district court of the United States for the said
western district of Missouri, oti the third Mon-
days of April and November in every year.
Sec 2. That'the said circuit court of the
United States in aud for the western district
of Missouri shall in all things have and retain
jurisdiction of all matters arising therein;
that a circuit court of the United States in
and for the eastern district of Missouri shall
be held at the same time and place (at the city
of Saint Louis) as now provided by law for
holding the circuit court of the United States
in and for boih the districts of Missouri ; that
the said circuit court of the United States in
aud for the eastern district of Missouri shall
in ail things have and retain jurisdiction of
all matters arising therein; and that the said
circuit courts of the United States hereby
established in and for the eastern and western
districts of Missouri shall, respectively, have
and exercise the same original jurisdiction in
the said districts, respectively, as is vested in
the several circuit courts of the United States
as orgauized under existing laws, and shall
also respectively have and exercise the same
appellate jurisdiction over the distiict courts
of the United States for said eastern aud
western districts, respectively, as by existing
laws is vested m the said several circuit courts
of the United States over the district courts
of the United States in their respective cir-
cuits. Said circuit courts shall be called, re-
spectively, the circuit court of the United
States in and for the western distiict of Mis-
souri, aud the circuit court of the United
States in and for the eastern district of Mis-
souri, and shall be composed, respectively, of
the justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States allotted to the eighth judicial circuit,
the judge of the eighth judicial circuit, aud
the judge of the district court for the western
district of Missouri, in the said western dis-
trict, and of the said two first-named judges
and the judge of t he district court for the east-
ern district of Missouri, in the said eastern
district, but may be held by any one of said
three judges in the absence of the remainder.
The clerk of the circuit court for the present
districts of Miosouii shall remain the clerk of
the circuit court of the United Stales in and
for the eastern district of Missouri ; and the
district attorney aud marshal for said eastern
district, of Missouri shall act as such distiict
attorney and marshal in said circuit court in
and for the eastern district of Missouri as now
provided by law. The circuit court in aud
for the western district of Missouri shall ap- "
point a clerk of said court, who shall keep his
office in the city of Jefferson aforesaid, per-
form its duties, and receive its fees and emolu-
ments, subject and in conformity to existing
laws regulating the duties, fees, and emolu-
ments of other clerks of circuit courts of the
United States. And the district attorney and
marshal for said western district of Missouri
shall act as sueh district attorney and marshal
in said circuit court in and for the western
district of Missouri.
Sec. 3. That the United States circuit court
for said eastern and western districts of Mis-
souii shall have power at any time to order
adjourned terms of said circuit courts, re-
spectively, at which adjourned terms any busi-
ness may be transacted which could be trans-
acted at any regular terms thereof. A copy
of said order, in the easlern district of Mis
souri, shall be posted on the door of the court
room, aud advertiseti in some newspaper
piiuted in the city of Saint Louis, nnd a copy
of said order, in the western district of Mis-
souri, shall be posted on the court room door
and advertised in some newspaper printed in
the city of Jefferson, twenty days at least
before said adjourned terms shall be ho'iden.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXV.—An Act to revise, con-
solidate. and amend the Statutes relating to
the Post Office Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there stiall be estab
lislied, at the seat of Government, of the Uni-
ted States of Ameiica, a department to be
known as the Post Office Department.
Sec. 2. That the principal officers of the
Post Office Depariment shall be one Post-
master General and three Assistant Postmas-
ters General, who shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and who may be removed in
the same manner; and the term of office of
the Postmaster General shall be for and dur-
ing the term of the President by whom he
is appointed, and for one month thereafter,
unless sooner removed.
Sec. 3 That the Postmaster General may
appoint the following employees iu the Post
Office Department: one chief clerk for the
Postmaster General and one for each of the
Assistant Postmasters General, one superin-
tendent of Post Office building and disbursing
clerk, one superintendent aud one chief clerk
of the money-order system, one superintend-
ent and one chief clerk of foreign mails, one
topographer for Post Office Department, one
Assistant Attorney General for the Post Office
Department, one chief of division for the office
of mail depredations, one chief of division of
dead letters, one supeiintendent of the blank
agency, one assistant superintendent and four
assistants, fourteen clerks of class four, sixty-
one clerks of class three, fifty clerks of class
two. seventy-one clerks of class one, fifty-
seven female clerks, one messenger for the
Postmaster General and one for each of the
Assistant Postmasters General, four assistant
messengers, ten watchmen, twenty five labor-
ers, one engineer, one assistant engineer, one
carpenter, one assistant carpenter, one fire-
man and blacksmith, two firemen, three
female laborers, and such a number of tem-
porary clerks, female clerks, folders, watch-
men, and laborers as may be required.
Sec. 4. That the annual salaries of the
officers, clerks, and others employed in the
Post. Office Department shall be as follows:
Of the Postmaster General, eight thousand
dollars;
Of the Assistant Postmasters General, three
thousand five hundred dollars each;
Of the superintendent of the money-order
system, three thousand dollars;
Of the superintendent of foreign mails,
three thousand dollars;
Of the tnpogiapher of the Post Office De-
partment, two thousand five hundred dollars;
Of the Assistant Attorney General ot the
Post Office Depariment, four thousand dollars;
Of the chief of division for the office of mail
depredations, twenty-five hundred dollars;
Of the chief of divi.-hm of dead letters, two
thousand five hundred dollars ;
Of the superintendent, of Post Office build-
ing and disbursing officer, two thousand three
hundred dollars;
Of the chief clerk to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, two thousand two hundred dollars;
Of ilie chief clerks to the Assistant Post-
master General, the chief clerk of the super-
intendent of the money-order office, and the
chief clerk of the superintendent of foreign
mails, two thousand dollars each ;
Of the supe:intendent of the blank agency,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; of the
assistant superintendent, one thousand six
hundied dollars; of the four assistants, one
thousand two hundred dollars each ;
Of the clerks of class four, one thousand
eight hundred dollars each ;
Of ihe clerks of class three, one thousand
six hundred dollars each ;
Of the clerks of class two, one thousand
four hundred dollars each ;
Of the clerks of class one, one thousand
two hundred dollars each ;
Of the female clerks, uine hundred dollars
each;
Of the messenger to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, nine hundred dollars ;
Of the messengers to the Assistant Post-
masters General, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars each ;
Of the assistant messengers, watchmen, aud
laborers, eight hundred dollars each ;
Of the engineer, one thousaud six hundred
dollars ;
Of the assistant engineer, one thousand dol-
lars ;
Of the carpenter, one thousand two hundred
and fifty-two dollars;
Of the assistant carpenter, one thousand
dollars;
Of the fireman and blacksmith, nine hun-
dred dollars ;
Of the firemen, seven hundred and twenty
dollars each;
Of the female laborers, four hundred and
eighty dollars each.
Sec. 5. That the Postmaster General shall
procure and cause to be kept a seal for his
Department, which stiall be affixed to all com-
missions of postmasters and others, and u-ed
to authenticate all transcripts and copies which
may be required from his Department.
Sec 6. That the Postmaster General shall
establish and discontinue post offices; instruct
all persons in the postal service with reference
to their duties; decide on the forms of all
official papers ; prescribe the manner of keep-
ing aud stating accounts; enforce the prompt
rendition of returns relative to said accounts ;
control, according to law, and subject to the
settlement of the Auditor, all expenses inci-
dent to the service of the Department; super-
intend the disposition of the moneys of the
Department; direct the manner in which bal-
ances shall be paid over; issue warrants to
cover money into the Treasury, and t.o pay out
the same ; and generally superintend the busi-
ness of the Department, and execute all laws
relative to the postal service.
Sec. 7. That in case of t.he death, resigna-
tion, or absence of the Posimaster General,
all his powers and duties shall devolve, for the
time being, ou the First Assistant Postmaster
General.
