1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4419
after following, and insert " from and after the 4th
day of June, 1872."
E. D. PECK. '
JOUST. BIRD,
Managers on the part oj the Home,
D. D. PRATT.
| GEO. J. EDMUNDS,
1 „„ E. SAULSBCBY,
Managers on the part of ike Senate.
The report was adopted.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the report was adopted; andalso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT K. EMBODY.
Mr. DONNAN. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have unanimously authorized me
to report a bill for the relief of Robert R.
Embody. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the bill be passed.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General of this Army to pay to Robert K. Em-
body, late a private in company I, one hun-
dred and eighteenth regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, the full pay, allowances, and
bounty of a private soldier from, November
17, 18G3, to May 1, 1865, with commutation
of rations while a prisoner of war, deducting
therefrom all payments made to him on ac-
count of the services named therein.
The rules were suspended, and the bill (H.
R. No. 2978) passed.
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIES.
Mrl YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce a bill for immedi-
ate consideration, a bill (H. R. No. 2979) to
remove the political disabilities of J. L. M.
Carry, of Richmond, Virginia.
The bill, which was read, provides that all dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment t'o the Constitution of the United States
upon J. L. M. Curry, of Richmond, Virginia,
be thereby removed.
Mr. DUKE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for the purpose of adding the namesof
Daniel Trigg, of Abingdon, Virginia; Clarence
Dennick, of Marion, Virginia; J. M. Gard-
ner, of Chrisuansburg, Virginia; R. H. Logan,
of Salem, Virginia; and Shelton F. Lea]ke,
of Albemarle county, Virginia.
Mr. YOUiVG. 1 yield for that purpose.
Mr. HANKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me to add the name of Robert W. Johnson,
of Jefferson couniy, Arkansas?
Mr. YOUNG. 1 accept those amendments.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I a>k the gen-
tleman to yield to me to add the name of E.
N. Tidhall, of Virginia.
Mr. YOUNG'. I accept that amendment
also.
Mr. WALLACE. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to insert the name of C. Q. Mem-
uiinger, of South Carolina.
Mr. YOUNG. I accept that amendment,
and I will yield no further.
Mr. HOAR. 1 hope the gentleman will
give us i he history of these persons.
Mr. YOUNG. In one minute. Mr. Curry
was a member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
and is now a preacher, having removed from
Alabama to Virginia, and has asked through
me the removal of his disabilities.
Mr. TOWNSEND", of Pennsylvania. Have
all these gentlemen presented petitions for the
removal of their disabilities?
Mr. DUKE., All ask for the removal of
their disabilities.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to the removal of the political dis-
abilities of' Mr. Curry, who was a member of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. YOUNG. I now move to suspend the
rules to pass the bill as amended.
Tberules weresuspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill, as amended, was
passed.
EASTERN NKVADA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
from t.he Committee on the Public Lands,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1842) to grant
the right of way through the public lands to
the Eastern Nevada Railroad Company, with
amendments.
The bill, which was read, in the first sec-
tion (provides that for ihe purpose of aiding
the Eastern Nevada Railroad Company, the
same being a corporation organized under
laws of the State of Nevada, to construct and
operate a railroad from the town of Elko to
the town of Hamilton City, all in Nevada, the
right of way through the public lands be
granted to said Eastern Nevada Railroad Com-
pany, its successors and assigns, for the con-
struction of a railroad as proposed ; and the
right is given to said corporation to take
from the public larids adjacent to the line
of said road material for the construction
thereof. The way is granted to said railroad
to the extent of two hundred and fifty feet in
width on each side of said road where it may
pass through the public domain ; also, all
necessary ground for station-buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn tables, and water-stations.
The second section provides that the accept-
ance of the act by tbe said Eastern Nevada
Railroad Companyshall be signified m writing,
under the corporate Seal of said company,
duly executed pursuant to the direction of its
board of directors first had and obtained,
which acceptance shall be made within one
year after the passage of the act, and not
afterward, and shall be deposited-with the
Secretary of the Jnteiior; and within the
same period the said company shall also file
with said Secretary of the interior a map of
the definite location of the entire line ot the
road, and the said Secretary shall thereupon
take the requisite steps, by withdrawal or
oiherwise, to protect said light of way ; pro
vided, however, that the entire line of said road,
in manner in accordance with its charter, shall
be fully completed within two years from date
of approval of the act, or in default thereof
the right of way thereby granted shall be for-
feited and revert, to the United States.
The Clerk read the amendments as follows:
In section one,line thirteen, strike out "twohun-
dred and filty" and insert"onehuudfed;" so it will
read:
That said right of way is granted to said railroad
to tue extent of one hundred feet in width on each
side of said road.
And add to the first section as follows;
Not to exceed twenty aores for each ten miles
of the entire length of said road: Provided, Tbe
right herein granted shall not preclude the con-
struction of ottier roads through any canon, defile,
or pass.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, this is
for a right of way merely to a road in a State,
not a Territory, in the State of Nevada, a road
only One hundred miles long, and the company
is required to finish the road i|i two years. It
gives the right of way one hundred feet on
each side, and limits the quantity of land for
depots and stations to twenty acres to each ten
miles of the road.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move to amend by in-
serting where it provides for a grant of lands
in the bill, the words "not mineral."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
titne, and passed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider
tbe vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask unanimous consent
to publish my remarks in reply to tbe state-
ment of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes,] on Tuesday
last. I depired to reply to him on the floor,
but having no opportunity to do so, I ask con-
sent to print it in the Globe.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
lands in michigan.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the rules be
suspended to enable me to report from the
Committee on the Public Laud3, and the
House to pasi, a bill for the restoration to
market of certain lands in Michigan.
The bill was read. It provides that all the
lands remaining undisposed of in the reser-
vation made for the Ottawa and Chippewa
Indians of Michigan, by tbe treaty of July 31,
1855, shall be restored to market by proper
notice, under direction of the Secretary of
tbe Interior, as hereinafter provided.
The bill in its second section provides that
said unoccupied lands shall be open to home-
stead entry for six months from the passage
of this act by Indians only of said tribes who
shall have not made selections or purchases
under said treaty, including such members of
said tribes as have become of age since the
expiiation of the ten years named in the
treaty; and any Indian so entitled shall be
permitted to make his homestead entry at the
local office within the six months aforesaid of
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres,
or one quarter section of minimum, or eighty
acres of double minimum land, oil making
proper proof of his right under such rules as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior; provided that the collector of cus-
toms for the district in which the said land
is situated is hereby authorized, and it is
hereby made his duty, to select for Such minor
children as would be entitled under this law
as heirs of any Indian.
The bill in its third section provides that all
actual, permanent, bona fide settlers On any
of said lands who settled prior to tbe 1st day
of January, 1872, shall be entitled to enter
either under the homestead laws or to pay for
at tbe minimum or double minimum price, as
the case may be, not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres of the former or eighty acres
of the latter class of land, on making proof of
his settlement and continued residence before
the expiration of six months from the passage
of this act.
Tbe bill in its fourth section provides that
all seleciions by Indians heretofore made, and
regularly reported and recognized as valid and
proper by the Secretary of the Interior and
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, shall be
patented to the respective Indians making the
same; and all sales heretofore made and
reported where the same are regular and not
in conflict with such selections, or with any
other valid adverse right, except of the Uni-
ted Slates, are hereby confirmed, and patents
shall issue thereon as in other cases according
to law.
The bill in its fifth section provides that im-
mediately after the expiration of said six
months the Secretary shall proceed to restore
the remaining lands to market by public notice
of not less than thirty days, and after such
restoration they shall be subject to the general
laws governing the disposition of tbe public
lands of the United States ; provided that
nothing herein shall afifect the right of the
State of Michigan to any of the lands hereto-
fore granted to said State.
Mr. DUNNELL. I have sent to the desk
along with the bill a letter from the Com-
missioner of tbe Land Office, and also a letter
from tbe Commissioner of Indian Affairs, rec-
omending this bill. It has been examined
also. 1 think, by the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs ot the House. There can be,
I think, no objection to the bill.
The rules were suspended, (two third having
