1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
it proceeds from a supposition that a dislike
of the measures of the predecessor on the part
of the constituency has wrought his own sub-
stitution, and that a marked difference be-
tween them will best commend himself to that
constituency, or whether it proceeds from a
self-complaisant desire to give an individuality
to his own administration of affairs, the result
is the same. A continued change of officers
results in change of measures. A stability of
administrative measures is, therefore, hardly
to be looked for if we continually vary the
officer of that department.
The present length of the presidential term
affords a reasonable time between its com-
mencement and close for the public to scru-
tinize and carefully consider the measures and
administrative policy of the incumbent. If it
should meet approval and a desire for the
continuance of the same, why should consti-
tutional exclusion prevent it, and subject the
country to undesired .change? On this point
it seems to me the words of Hamilton are at
once prudent and full of wisdom. He says in
the Federalist:
""We need not be apprehensive there will be too
much stability .while there is even the option of
changing; nor need we desire to prohibit the people
from continuing their confidence where they think
it may be safely placed, and where by constancy on
their pa.rt they may obviate the fatal inconven-
iences of fluctuating councils and a variable policy."
EXCLUSION DETRIMENTAL.
There are times in the history of nations
when the public services of certain individuals
have seemed indispensable to the public wel-
fare or even to the national existence. Men
seem sometimes raised up. as by Providence,
for a great emergency. If we turn backward
but a few pages in our history we find a crisis
where no man can estimate the detriment,
nay, the danger that might have resulted had
this proposed amendment then been in force.
Who now fails to recognize, in the political
triumph which retained Mr. Lincoln in the
Presidency, a greater victory for oar national
unity and life than any hitherto achieved by
our valorous brothers upon the field of mortal
combat?
The time may come to America when she
cannot afford to absolutely exclude some par-
ticular man, who may have demonstrated his
ability and worth, from the executive service
of thecountry. Let the indistinct speck, barely _
observable upon pur political horizon east-
ward, develop into an overshadowing, threat-
ening war cloud, and who doubts to whom
the people of America would instantly turn
with imploring eyes and confident hearts for
a second deliverence trom the terrible ordeal
of war? How unwise, then, would be a con
stitutional provision which would prevent the
people of this Republic from recalling to the
highest station of public duty that man who
might be in their opinion best styted to the
exigencies and circumstances of the nation.
LIMITATION RECOGNIZED.
If, sir, I have intimated that this proposed
amendment has received no indorsement at
all by any portion of the people ol this coun-
try, I must beg permission to correct it. it
was one of the provisions of the constitution
of that abortive government which happily
sankinto an early grave, "unwept, unhonored,
aud unsung." In a confederacy sought to be
established for the perpetuation of a system
of involuntary servitude, which denied the
rights of man to millions of the human race,
it°was eminently proper that its fundamental
law should also disable its people as to an un-
restricted selection of their own chief magis-
trate. Who regrets if its fruitless _ attempt
at dominion has succeeded in carrying wir.h
itself upon a brief page of history a compul-
sory one-term Presidency as a distinctive fea-
tureof " the lost cause?"
POLITICAL EFFECT.
One cannot fail to observe the manifest
intent of some within and without these Halls
who are urging the consideration of this sub-
ject to affect the probability of success of a
certain candidate in the approaching Repub-
lican convention and in the ensuing presi-
dential campaign. For myself, sir, recogniz-
ing that this amendment affects not simply a
present candidate or an immediate election,
but that if adopted it will affect parties, can-
didates, campaigns, and elections by the peo-
ple for the entire future of the Republic, I
have intentionally left, all indorsement and
laudation of the present Administration, how-
ever well deserved, to those who seem to con-
sider it a most delectable thing to Bask in the
sunshine of administrative favor, as also all
possible criticism to those who seem so sed-
ulously to chew the cud of jealous discon-
tent, and have sought, rather, sincerely and
earnestly to examine this proposition in its
deeper, broader, higher significance as affect-
ing the strength and durability of our free
institutions and the privileges of the people.
Past amendments have enlarged those priv-
ileges, never abridged them.
CONCLUSION.
If this amendment be called for by the peo-
ple themselves; if it be necessary for the con-
tinued security of Government; if it be just
to the officer and to the public; if it will be
salutary in its permanent operation, it is our
duty to adopt and propose it to the several
States. With careful consideration, I find no
favorable response to either of these inquiries
when applied to this proposition. It is right
to lay the hand of reformation upon a wise
fabric of fundamental law when the experience
of the past unites with the wisdom of the pres-
ent in firm assurance of a better and safer
governmental guidance for the future. Then,
and only then.
It is our good fortune, Mr. Speaker, to exist
under a Government which now, in the main,
answers all the great ends for which Govern-
ments were instituted. Within these latter
years we can in truth speak of our country as—
"A great land of earth and stone and trco,
Where breathes no castled lord nor cabined
slave;
Where thoughts and tongues and hands are free,
And friends will find a welcome, foes a grave
a land whose hills and valleys, twice redeemed
by worthy sires and not unworthy sons, are
doubly consecrated to liberty ; a land pos-
sessed by men who have proven their ability
to abide by and to enforce the vital principle
of a republic—the will of the majority consti-
tutionally expressed. They will not consent
to hold their rights in charity, nor will they
yield to any abridgment of them in needless
fear; and they have more than once proven
that they will not surrender them to force.
We enjoy, in fact, a well-regulated system of
freedom, more perfect in its operations than
any which has ever heretofore existed in the
world. Confidence in the people has borne
the Government safely hitherto. No back-
ward step in withdrawal of that confidence
will render it more secure as the joy of the
present, a rich legacy to all future generations,
and the continuing bow of promise to all
nations of the earth aspiring to be free.
PCBLIO BUILDING AX ATLANTA, GEOltGIA.
Mr. BIGBY. Mr. Speaker, on the 12th day
of February last I introduced in the House a
bill asking an appropriation of $100,000 for
the purpose of erecting a public building in
the city of Atlanta for the use of the United
States court, post otiice, revenue offices, &c-.
I am thoroughly persuaded that the bill is a
meritorious one, and deserves to receive the
support of she House. Tlie Government has
no building of its own there for any of the pur-
poses named. Previous to the war its courts
were held in Marietta, a town twenty miles
distant from Atlanta, and the court-house in
which they were held was a very good one.
Then there was not and could not be any just
complaint on account of suitable accommoda-
tions for holding the courts. During the war
that court-house was completely destroyed by
fire. Upon the reorganization of the court
after the "war it was found very desirable that
it should be held in Atlanta, and accordingly,
by an act of Congress approved July 25, 1866,
the place of holding it was changed from
Marietta to Atlanta. A court-room was pro-
cured for the use of the court, but is wholly
unsuited for the purpose for which it is used.
It is inconvenient, uncomfortable, inadequately
ventilated, and altogether too small. It really
is without sufficient capacity to accommodate
a full bar, to say nothing of parties and their
witnesses, and many persons who always feel a
deep interest in the proceedings of the courts,
and are much gratified to have the privilege
of witnessing them. I do riot know of a court-
house in all of western Georgia in which the
State courts are held that is not far better.
The poorest county in that section of the State
would be unwilling to have its circuit judge
hold his courts in a place so entirely unsuited
to such a purpose.
Although the accommodations for holding
the United States courts are so inadequate,
the business has increased to such an extent
that two and three months are found too short
a time in which to dispose of it. The dockets
are very heavy, and in view of the constantly
increasing number of cases, the terms will
necessarily grow in length. A public build-
ing with suitable court-rooms is therefore an
absolute necessity. The Government needs
it, and it is poor economy to undertake to get
along without it. For the make-shift now used
by the Government, it pays $900 per annum.
It pays beside, for rooms for the use of the
post office, $1,800 per annum, and for revenue
offices $600 per annum, making an aggregate
of $3,300 for rent in the city of Atlanta.
While the necessities of the ease render
the appropriation for which we ask eminently
proper, I desire to call the attention of the
House to the business, commercial and indus-
trial interests of the city, its history and growth.
About thirty years ago the two hundred
acres of land now covered by the city sold for
forty dollars, that sum being considered at the
time its fair market value. Then it was an
unbroken forest, the solitude never having
been disturbed by the sound of the woodman's
ax. It did not enter into the mind of the
wildest dreamer that even in the remote future
it would be the site of a busy and populous
city. The assessed value of real estate within
its corporate limits now is $12,000,000. The
number of buildings erected during the past
year was about four hundred, many of them
costing as much as $40,000. The 'number
that will be built this year promises to be still
larger.
The postal business done there furnishes an
instructive illustration touching the growth
and expansion of its commercial interests.
The following statement shows the gross and
net revenues of the post office for the year
ending December 31, 1871, by quarters:
First quarter, 1871.
Letter postage paid in money  §54 43
Newspaper postages  285 43
Box rents  828 52
Stamps sold ♦  0,038 /7
Gross revenue $7,207 15
Net revenue $4,407 05
Second quarter, 1871.
Letter postage paid in money  02
Newspaper postages  270 4o
Box rents _ 0r>
Stamps sold   '.*10 41
(xross revenue .$3,553 54-
Nec revenue *55,004 21
Third quarter, 1871.
Letter postage paid in money  $50 82
Newspaper postages  *,3
liox rents  <. 59
Stamps sold IJ
 $9,837 75
Gross revenue  _
Net revenue S7.W7 40
