1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16 >
Fourth, quarter, 1871.
Letter postage paid in money  $41 42
N evvspa per postages  230 50
•Box rents  1,009 45
Stamps sold....     8,405 38
Gross rdVenue $9,746 75
Net revenue      $6,887 61
In addition to the foregoing the business
done in the money-order department was as
follows:
First quarter, 1871.....   SIB,288 84
Second quarter, 18?1  16,909 62
Third quarter, 1871  17,426 60
Fourth quarter, 1871  21,280 70
This is a most satisfactory exhibit, and few
offices of the same grade anywhere have
done'so well. It evideuces a steady advance
in the development of the resoureesof the city,
and in the extension of the business relations
of her citizens.
The receipts to the Government from in-
ternal revenue in the fourth collection district
of Georgia, which district embraces Atlanta,
and the greater portion of which she pays, are
quite large. The following is a comparative
statement of receipts for the fiscal years ended-
June 80, 1866, 1867, 1868, 1869, 1870, and
1871s
186 6 $396,830 46
186 7  SS2.069 07
186 8 • 982,122 36
186 9  258,577 12
187 0  825,708 74
187 1  2S8.807 04
Making an aggregate of $2,834,114 79 paid
to the Government m six years from internal
revenue collections alone. JU will be perceived
that, the annual increase was immensely great
until the tax was taken from cotton, and the
taxes upon other articles were reduced or re-
pealed. If we compare the revenues received
from this collection district with those received
from the other collection districts in the State,
we shall find a steady advance in the revenues
of this, while there has been a falling off iu
the receipts of the others, indicating a mani-
fest growth in the industries and wealth of the
Atlanta district.
The annual sales of merchandise in the city
of Atlanta aggregate not less than nineteen
million dollars per annum, ol which sum sev-
eral houses sell each a half million. Goods
are sold by the wholesale to the Carolinas,
Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, and Flor-
ida. lier merchants, by their tireless industiy
and indomitable energy, ate constantly opeu-
•ing new sections of country to their trade, and
increasing wealth is pouting in through widen-
ing channels and over lengthening lines of rail-
road to their city.
The sales of horses, mules, and other stock
received from the West and Northwest are
estimated at more than one million dollars
per -annum.
The products of her larger manufacturing
establishments exceed a million dollars per
annum. The products of her railroad shops
are estimated at not less than three million
dollars per annum.
Her annual cotton receipts are thirty thou-
sand bales, and of the value of at least two
and a half million dollars.
In every department of industry there is
manifested the liveliest interest. The city has
one rolling-mill, three founderies, three plan-
ing-mills, two railroad machine shops, a large
brewery, three tobacco factories, and many
other manufacturing establishments on a
smaller scale. She is the terminus of five
important hues ot railroad, and another very
important road is just being projected.
Her population is keeping pace with the de-
velopment of her resources and the expan-
sion of her trade. In 1800 it numbered about ]
fifteen thousand. In 1860, a year after the |
close of the war, it had not increased. Now I
it is thirty thousand, having doubled itself in !
a half dozen yeats. If the same ratio of in- ]
crease shall be maintained foi a few years to '
come, and it is confidently believed that it will, j
her population will reach fifty thousand, or
more. Enjoying a geographical position which
gives her incalculable advantages, she is des-
tined to a future of prosperity and greatness.
Almost entirely destroyed during the war, em-
barrassed for the want of capital at its close,
she has, nevertheless, in the work of rehabili-
tating herself, gone far in advance of any of
her southern sister cities. The heroism with
which she has struggled with her misfortunes
commends her to the generous consideration
of all who feel a regard for manly action, and
pleads powerfully for an appropriation de-
manded by the best interests of the Govern-
ment.
In 1868, Atlanta was made the capital of
the State, a matter which has contributed
greatly in many ways to the prosperity of the
city. Atlanta has not been indifferent to her
educational interests* A system of common
schools has been inaugurated under the most
flattering auspices—a system creditable to her
means and honorable to her intelligence.
Young and vigorous, full of life and buoy-
ant with hope, she promises in wealth, enter-
prise, intelligence, refinement, and popula-
tion to surpass the highest expectations of her
most sanguine friends. It seems as if capital,
skill, and population were gravitating toward
her from every point of the compass.
The city has tendered to the Government
teal estate of the value of $50,000 upon
which to erect the desired buildings. She needs
to be made a port of entry and to have a cus-
tom-house. The demands of her commerce
render a custom-house indispensable, and the
Government ought to build it. The honor of
the nation requires a court-house in keeping
with its dignity and commensurate with the
wants of its judiciary, and it cannot with
justice to itself refuse to furnish it. The mag-
nitude of her revenues to the Government
creates a claim upon the country's generosity,
and to disregard it will be to expose herself
to the imputation of selfishness.
In consideration of these facts, coupled with
the additional fact that the destruction of
Atlanta during the war was thorough and
complete, and that her citizens since its close
have struggled with manful courage to conquer
their misfortunes, 1 submit if the Government
can do a better, a more magnanimous, a m.ji-e
righteous thing than to make this appro-
priation, 1 trust that Congress, recognizing
the merit of the case, will not hesitate to make
the appropriation.
TERRITORIAL COURTS.
Mr. CLAGBTT. Mr. Speaker, on the 29th
of January last I introduced tor the consider-
ation of the House the following bill:
Beit enacted by the Senate mid House of Ji&present-
ativpx of the United State* of America in Congress
assembled. That the supreme and district courts ot the
several Territories are hereby declared territorial
courts while exercising their jurisdiction in cases
arising or properly cognizable under the laws of
said Territories ; and the Legislative Assemblies of
said Territoiies Mini I have power to prescribe by law
the pleading, practice, and procedure in all eases m
chancery and at common law now pending or here-
after instituted in said territorial courts, and to pro-
vide in such cases for the joinder of legal and equita-
ble causes ot action, for the interposition of equitable
defenses to legal causes of action, and for the same
mode ot pleading, practice, and procedure in cases
in chancery and at common law: Provided, That
nothing in this act shall be construed to authonze
said Legislative Assemblies to change or intenere
with the pleading, practice, or procedure of ^aid
court? while exercising their jurisdiction as cirouit
or district courts ill cases arising under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States: And provided
further, That the existing legislation of the several
territories prescribing the mode of pleading, prac-
tice, and procedure in said teiritorial courts, as
specified herein, is hereby recognized as valid and
declared in lorce in said courts, and in the determ-
ination ot all appealstheretrom, until thesame shall
be amended, modified, or repealed by the Legis-
lative Assemblies of said Territories respectively.
I regret the necessity for the introduction
of such a bill. Simple as it seems to be, it
possesses a scope wider than would at first
appear, and an importance rendering its pas-
sage a matter of absolute necessity, To demon-
strate this it is requisite that there should be
a brief review of the present condition of the
nine Territories in the Union, as compared
with that of the Territories less than one gen-
eration ago. Formerly the character of the
western settlements was purely agricultural.
The Territories were few iu number, and par-
cels of land were from time to time severed
from the ever-receding boundaries of civiliza-
tion, erected into States, and the balance
created into two or three large Territories.
The population essential to secure admis-
sion into the Union was comparatively small.
The industries of the people were crude and
unimportant, and suggestive mainly with ref-
erence to future development. To-day (ex-
clusive of the District of Columbia) we have
nine Territories instead of two or three, cover-
ing an area of a million and a half of square
miles, with a population of six hundred thou-
sand, and (owing to the large excess of able-
bodied male adults) representing a productive
capacity of at least a million and a half of peo-
ple. Their industries have become varied,
and their mining enterprises, yielding annually
forty five millions of the precious metals( the
product of hundreds of millions of invested
capital, demand the use of great technical and
scientific knowledge, and iu connection with
agriculture and manufactures have produced
all of the delicately adjusted industries inci-
dent to large business communities.
Civilization in its highest forms of develop-
ment has been transplanted bodily in the very
heart of the western wilderness. Local needs
and necessities, requiring many radical changes
iu the systems of jurisprudence prevailing iti
the older States, have made themselves appa-
rent. These necessities, the offspring of a new-
condition of things, have found at once ex-
pression and provision in the local legislation
of the several Territories. In these Terri-
tories, thus briefly described, it is necessary to
know what kind of legal practice has obtained,
and by what kind of courts has justice been
administered, in order to appreciate the im-
portance of this bill.
The nature of the district and supreme
courts created by the several territorial or-
ganic acts has since 1828 until recently re-
ceived a uniform interpretation. They ha.ve
been regarded as being at once Federal as
.well as territorial courts, exercising jurisdic-
tion oil the one hand as circuit or district'
courts of the United States in cases arising'
under the Constitution and laws of the national
Government, and on the other as territorial
courts in cases arising or cognizable uader
the laws of the Territories.
In the former class of cases their process
has been served, their witnesses and jurors1
summoned by the United States marshal, and
the expenses of litigation paid out of the Uni-
ted States Treasury.
The forms of pleading, practice, and pro-
cedute have been such as are prescribed by
the laws of the United States and the rules of
the Supreme Court.
In the latter class of cases the pleading,
practice, and procedure have been prescribed
by the territorial Legislatures; the process
of the courts has been served by the sher-
iffs of the several counties, and all of the
expenses incident to litigation defrayed by the
'several county treasuries. No appropriation
has ever been made by the national Govern-
ment to defray the expenses of litigation un-
der local laws, nor have the local Legislatures
ever been called upon to pay the expenses of
litigation under the laws of the United States.
The same district judge has acted as a United
States officer and as an officer of the Territory.
The two classes of litigation have been kept
distinct, and this practice, analogous to that
prevailing m the States, has met with the uni-
versal approbation of the people of the Ter-
ritories, and has enabled the territorial Legis-
latures to adapt their laws to the ever-shifting
necessities of new communities. Nor has this
