3524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, on. these topics I grant the other side
the mercy of silence. I move the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Bctler] to yield to me that I may report from
the Committee of Ways and Means the Senate
resolution with an amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope not. The commit-
tee have kept the resolution a long time and
may keep it a little longer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield to my colleague for the purpose he has
stated.
Mr. DAWES. I make this request under
instructions from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the regular order.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a point of order.
"When the Committee of the Whole rose after
having been engaged in the considera tion of
the tariff bill, was not the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] enti-
tled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. He was.
Mr. BECK. He had a resolution from the
Committee of Ways and Means to submit to the
House, and ought not to have given way to
his colleague.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Order!
order 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means was not entitled to the floor
on any other business except that which related
to the bill which had been under consideration
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, as ehairftian of the Committee of
Ways and Means, was to have reported a reso-
lution for a final adjournment, and he gave
way wrongfully to his colleague.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] had no more right to
the floor on that question than any other mem-
ber. He had a right to the floor if he wished
to move that the House go into Committee of
the Whole on the tariff bill, and not otherwise.
The question is, will the House second the
demand for the previous question on the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] for a recess from the
3d of June to the last Wednesday of November.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
that privilege if the House refuses to second
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBURN. The amendment I desire
to offer is to substitute the loth of June for
the 3d of June.
The SPEAKER. On the question of sec-
onding the demand for the previous question
the Chair appoints as tellers the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and thegen-
tlemaa from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 105.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DAWES. 1 now, in obedience to the
instructions of the Committee of Wuys and
Means, report the following resolution, on
which I demand the previous question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Reiolvecl by the House of Ilevresentativen, (the
Senate concurring;,) That each House uf Constress
shall be adjourned f>inc die by the Presiding Otiicer
thereof on Monday, the 3d day of June, 1872, at
twelve o'clock meridian.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state that I offer
this as a substitute for the resolution of my
colleague, [Mr. Butler.] This is not the
Senate resolution amended. It is a substi-
tute reading as if it were an amendment to
the Senate resolution. It is an original propo-
sition from the Committee of Ways and
Means, which I offer as a substitute for the
resolution of my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
is that the House of Representatives resolves,
the Senate concurring, that each House of
Congress shall be adjourned by the Presiding
Officer thereof on Monday, the 3d day of June,
1872, at twelve o'clock meridian, and he
moves this as an amendment to the resolu-
tion of his colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. DAWES. It comes to the same thing
as if the committee had reported the Senate
resolution; because if I offered the Senate
resolution amended as a substitute, it would
have to go back to the other body. This is
an independent resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. It would not have to go
back if we agreed as to the dates. The Sen-
ate resolution fixed as the day of final adjourn-
ment the 29th of May.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I was instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report the reso-
lution in the form in which I have presented it.
The only question was whether we should take
the Senate resolution as a substitute or an ori-
ginal one. The result would be the same; both
would have to go to the Senate, and we should
lose the control of the resolution fixing the
29th of May, which we still have.
Mr. BURCHARD. I rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry. Will the adoption of this reso-
lution preclude the House from adopting or
agreeing to the Senate resolution?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
for the yeas and nays on the substitute of my
colleague.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. Dawes's
substitute ; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 1-12, nays 57, not voting 40 ; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin
Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, Braxton, Bright,
Brooks, Burchard, Carroll, Coghlan. Comingo, Con-
ger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Croely, Critcher,
Crossland, Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Dox, Da Bose,
Duell, Duke, Eames, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Far-
well, Finkelnburg, Forlter, Henry D. Foster, Gar-
field, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladoy, Goodrich,
Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hancock,
Handley, Hariner, Harper, John T. Harris, Haw-
ley, liny, Heretord, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, llol-
man, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketchain. King, Lamison, Lamport, Leaoh, Jjewis,
Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McCormick, MoCrary,
McGrew. Mclntyre, Mc.Junkin, McNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan. Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Niblack. Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Pe-
ters, Price, Randall. Road, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. ltice, Ritchic, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Rogers Roosevelt, Seeley, Sheldon, She'llabarger,
Shet wood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, Snapp,
R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer. Starkweather,
Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Sutherland,
Tatfe,Terry,Washington Townsend, Turner. Tuthill,
T'wicbell, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Wake-
man, Warren. Wells. White!ey, Whitthoruo, Willard,
AVilliams of New York, and Winchester—1-U.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barber, Barry, Bentty,
Bigby, Bingham, Buckley. Butlinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Coburn, Darrall, Diekey, Dunnell,
Elliott, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Geoi-geE. Harris, Havens, Gerry "W. Hazelton, John
W, llazelton, Hoar, Killinger, Lynch, McKee, Mer-
riain, Monroe, Morey, Negley, Orr, Parker, Peek,
Pendteton, Perce, Poland, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks. H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Sprague, Stevenson, Thomas,
Tyner, Upson, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wails,
Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Barnum, Bever-
idge, Roderick 11, Butler, Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Cobb, Crocker. De Large, Ely. Halsey,
Hanks, Hays, Hooper, Ivinselia, Lansing, Maynard,
McClelland, McIIenry. McKinney, Mercur, Moore,
Piatt, Porter, Potter, Prindle, Rainey, Scofield, Slo-
cuin, Worthmgton C. Smith, Snyder, Stowell, St.
John,Swann, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Voorhees,
Wood, and Young—40.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,
as amended.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to change the date to the 15th of June.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
will operate clear through.
Mr. COBORN. I understood the previous
question was merely upon the substitute, or I
would have offered my amendment before that
vote was taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
have offered it, because a demand for the pre-
vious question was pending.
Mr. COBURN. The call for the previous
question was made upon the substitute, as I
understood.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
does not exhaust itself until the resolution is
disposed of, just as the previous question does
not exhaust itself on the amendments to a bill
nor until the bill has been read a third time.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment substituting the 15th of June for the 3d.
Mr. HALE I object.
Mr. PERCE. I now move that the House
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. No; we have a special
order for to-night.
The question was put on Mr. Farnsworth's
motion; and there were—ayes thirty-four,
noes not counted.
So the House refused' to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Perce's
motion; and being put, there were—ayes
thirty-four, noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,
as amended ; and being put, it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peninsula at erie.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now call up the
motion, entered this morning by unanimous
consent, to reconsider the vote by which the
House passed last night, with an amendment,
the bill of the Senate No. 077, to authorize
the Secretary of War to accept the peninsula
in Lake Erie opposite the harbor of Erie, in
the State of Pennsylvania.' My object is to
disagree to the amend meat which was proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] when the bill was under consideration
last evening.
Mr. IIOLMAN. On the explanation made
to me by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] I am willing, so far as I
am concerned, that the amendment I offered
should be voted down. I am assured by sev-
eral gentlemen from Pennsylvania that this
bill makes a grant to the United States with-
out any condition.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the amendment will be withdrawn.
No objection was made ; and the amend-
ment was accordingly withdrawn.
The bill was then passed without amend-
ment.
henry b. myers.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Committee
of Claims, by unanimous consent, reported
hack the petition and accompanying papers in
the claim of Henry B. Myers, and moved that
the committee be discharged from their further
consideration, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
