sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
erence to the Committee of Claims, a bill for
the relief of Christopher Green and Hugh C.
Trainor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that there are more than fifty gentlemen who
have been deprived of their rightto offer bills
to-day, and who are now seeking an opportun-
ity to offer them.
Mr. COGHLAN. I hope the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.dmdge] will not per-
sist in his.objection.
The SPEAKER. There are at least fifty
gentlemen on the floor now for the purpose of
asking consent to refer bills. The morning
hour was destroyed this morning, and has been
every Monday for four weeks past by gentle-
men who desired to keep off the resolution for
drawing for seats.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there further objection?
Mr. STORM. I object.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the regular order.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I hope I will be per-
mitted to introduce a bill. I was engaged on
my committee when my State was called this
morning.
Mr. DICKEY. As the Chair has stated that
there are more than fifty gentlemen desiring
the same privilege, I must object.
ENROI.I.KD BlLl SIGNUP.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (II. R. No. 1070) establishing certain
post routes in Vermont.
The result of the vote on the motion to
adjourn was then announced as above re-
corded.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under tbo rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of .Tohn Pen-
nington, late captain company A, forty-sev-
enth regiment Kentucky volunteer infantry,
for arrears of pay.
Also, the petition of Captain Jackson Rob-
erts, late of company B, forty-seventh regi-
ment Kentucky volunteer infantry, for arrears
of pay.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers
of James H. Tinaley, late adjutant forty-ninth
regiment Kentucky volunteer infantry, for ar-
raars of pay.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Margaret Stewart,
of Clay county, Kentucky, for arrears of pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of R. G. Potter, as guard-
ian of the minor children of Thomas Gibbs,
late private company B, seventh regiment
Kentucky volunteer infantry, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Murphy,
mother ol Henry Murphy, private company E,
seventh regiment Kentucky volunteer infantry,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Matilda Howard, widow
of Captain J. G. Howard, for an increase of
pension.
By Mr. AVERILL: The memorial of the
Grand Arroj>of the Republic in St. Paul, Min-
nesota, praying that soldiers may be allowed
to deduct their term of service in the late war
from the time required to complete a home-
stead title to their lands.
Also, the petition of the distillers and deal-
ers in liquor in St. Paul and Minneapolis, for
a consolidation of the different taxes upon
distilled spirits.
By Mr. BEATTY: Tho petition of S. S.
Bloom, of Shelby, Ohio, asking a change in
the postal Saws.
By Mr. BEVERIDGE: The petition of S.
W. Freeman and others, of Chicago, Illinois,
remonstrating against any change of existing
tariff laws upon such articles as are success-
fully produced in this country, and for the
repeal of the duties upon tea, coffee, &c.
Also, the petition of Justus F. Jones, com-
pany E, seventh Iowa cavalry, for a pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Mrs. Malissa Burton, widow of William
Burton, late private in company A, first Ten-
nessee artillery, praying a pension.
Also, the petition of Eleanor Crawford,
mother of James A. Crawford, late a private
in company A, first Tennessee artillery, pray-
ing a pension.
Also, the petition of Syntha J. Carmaek,
widow of John H. Carmaek, late a private in
company C, fifst Tennessee artillery, praying
a pension.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Texas: The memorial
of the Galveston Chamber of Commerce, pray-
ing the return of money collected as a tax on
cotton.
Also, the petition of'D. C. Barmon, of Bra-
zos county, George W. G. Brown, of Travis
county, Noah Cox, of Starr county, G. M.
Moaring, of Grimes county, L. H. Box, of
Hidalgo county, James. H. Torbett, of Mc-
Lennan county, Samuel A. Stewart, of Starr
county, and Robert M. Taylor, of Fannin
county, Texas, for the removal of their legal
and political disabilities.
By Mr. COGHLAN : The petition of Wil-
liam Cooper and 30 others, prayiug a law to
secure the public domain to actual settlers.
Also, a joint resolution of the sonate and
assembly of the State of California, instruct-
ing the Senators and Representatives from that
State in Congress to urge the establishment of
a mail route from Weaverville, Trinity county,
to Trinity Centre, Trinity county, California.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Anne J.
Mackey, for a pension.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of Hon.
C. Sanborn, publisher of the Delaware County
Recorder, of Iowa, praying an amendment to
tlie postal laws.
Also, the petition of Captain W. V. Lucas,
publisher of the Bremer County Independent,
of Iowa, on the same subject.
By Mr. DUKE: The petition of J. B. Acker
and 93 others, actual settlers on the line of
the San Joaquin and King's liver canal,"in
Merced county, California, protesting against
a grant of each alternate section of Govern-
ment land to said canal company, as they are
now in possession of said land and desire to
preempt the same as soon as it is brought into
market by the Government.
Also, the petition of James Alexander and
9 others, printers and stationers of Charlottes-
ville, Virginia, praying that the law allowing
the Post Office Department to manufacture and
sell envelopes at or below cost to the Govern-
ment, and deliver the same through the mails
free of charge, be modified so that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall not come into
direct competition with all envelope manufac-
turers, printers, lithographers, stationers, and
dealers throughout the country.
_ By Mr. FARNS WORTH : The petition of
cigar-makers in the second district of Illinois,
for an increase of tariff on imported cigara.
Also, the petition of Tyrnll and Archer,
publishers of Kane county papers, and others,
in Illinois, for an amendment of the postal
laws.
Also, the petition of soldiers of the late
war, in favor of equalization of bounties.
By Mr. FARWELL: The memorial of Chi-
cago merchants, asking that the duties paid
upon building material used in the burnt dis-
trict in Chicago be refunded.
Also, the petition of manufacturers of Chi-
cago, for repeal of duties upon tea and coffee,
aud such other articles as cannot be produced
in the '"United States, and a remonstrance
against changing the present law by which
duties would be abated or abolished upon arti-
cles successfully produced in'this country.
Also, the petition of the Distillers' Manufac-
turing Company, praying a change in the rev-
enue laws as regards distilled spirits.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The petition
of soldiers of Grand Traverse, Michigan, ask-
ing an amendment of the homestead law of
187°-
Also, a petition to allow all soldiers $8 33J
per month for all tjme actually served in the
Army, first deducting all bounties heretofore
received by them.
By Mr. HANDLE Y: The joint memorial of
the Alabama senate and house of representa-
tives, asking the Congress of the United States
to extend the time for selecting swamp and
overflowed lands by the State of Alabama.
Also, the joint memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Alabama, asking
the Congress of the United States to relieve
innocent purchasers of lands entered in
accordance with an act of Congress approved
August 4,1854.
Also, the joint memorial of the General
Assembly of Alabama, asking the Congress
of the United States to grant a liberal donation
of public lands to aid in the construction and
equipment of the Mobile and Northwestern
railroad.
By Mr. HAY: The memorial of James R.
Brown, esq., of Edwardsville, Illinois, pray-
ing that the one hundred and sixty-second
section of the revised codification of the postal
laws be amended.
By Mr. KELLEY: The protest of the Rad-
ical Reform Club, of Philadelphia, against the
introduction of theological and religious testa
into the preamble or body of the Constitution.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The memorial of the
heirs and next of kin of Captain Casperus
Congue, deceased, asking reimbursement for
losses sustained during the revolutionary war.
By Mr. LAMISON: The petition of Levi
Harrod and 40 others, citizens of Auglaize
county, Ohio, praying the abolition of pro-
tective duties, and the enactment of a law pro-
viding for a strictly revenue tariff.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of Warren II.
Norris and 49 others, soldiers of the United
States in the late war, for such legislation as
will secure to all soldiers of the war for the
suppression of the rebellion bounty at the rate
of $8 83J per month for the time they served.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of Joseph
Bowser, of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania,
dependent father of Charles 0. Bowser, who
was killed in the war of the rebellion, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant Daniel C.
Boggs, late second lieutenant in company G,
fourth regiment Pennsylvania cavalry volun-
teers.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition signed by sun-
dry citizens of Cumberland county, Illinois,
asking for tariff reform.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Ed-
ward Hedley, praying compensation for a mill
burned to give light tor movements of United
States troops operating near Richmond in 1865.
Also, the petition of E. P. Torrey and Wil-
liam B. Tilton, for extension of patent for an
improvement in door-springs.
Also, the petition of William Marks, late
first lieutenant company C, twentieth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteer cavalry, praying
that an act be passed for his relief.
Also, the petition of Lewis Soistman, com-
pany H, ninety-eighth regiment Pennsylvan ia
volunteers, for arrears of invalid pension.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petition of 167
workers in the Washington iron-works, Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania; also, the petition of 90
workers in the Sligo iron-works, Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania; also, the petition of
104 workers in the Fort Pitt iron and steel
works, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; also, the
Setition of 109 workers in the Lewis Bailey
'alzell & Co. works, Sharpsburg, Pennsyl.
