1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
practice been destitute of judicial sanction.
In tact, for more than forty years, it has found
its authority in a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, decided by Chief
Justice Marshall in the case of the American
Insurance Company vs. Canter, reported in J.
Peters, page 546,
In this case, after an exhaustive inquiry into
the nature of these territorial courts, it is held
that—
"These courts are not constitutional courts in
which the judicial power conferred by the Constitu-
tion on the General Government can be deposited.
They are incapable of receiving it. They are legis-
lative courts, created in virtue of the general right
ot sovereignty which exists in the Government, or in
virtue of that clause which enables Congress to
make all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory belonging to the United States. The juris-
diction with which they are invested is not a part of
that judicial power which is defined in the third
article ol the Constitution, but is conferred by Con-
gi ess in the execution of those general powers which
that body possesses over the Territories of the United
States. Although admiralty jurisdiction can be ex-
ercised in the States in those courts only wliicn are
established in pursuance of the third article of the
Coustitution, the same limitation does not extend
to the Territories. In legislating for them Congress
exercises the combined powers of the General and
State governments."
This decision, rendered in 1828, in a case
arising under the organic act of Florida, which
is Substantially the same as the organic acts
of the Territories now, was held as law in all
of the Territories, and by the legislative depart-
mentof the Government, in makingits appro-
priations for judicial expenses, until the Su-
preme Court m 1863, in the ease of Orchids
vs. Hughes, reported in 1 Wallace, page 77,
held otherwise. In this case, which was an
appeal from the supreme court of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, in an action for the fore-
closure of a mortgage, and in which a balance
was found due on the mortgage debt after the
mortgaged premises had been sold, and to
collect which balance general execution was
ordered, (Justice Nelson rendering the opin-
ion,) the Supreme Court say:
"Itwas held by this court in Noonan vs. Lee (2
Black, 499-501) in an appeal from a decree from the
foreclosure of a mortgage in chancery by the dis-
trict court of Wisconsin with circuit court powers,
in which execution was directed for the balance of
the debt, that this part o.f the decree was erroneous,
inasmuch as the equity courts of tho United States
under the Constitution are governed by the practice
ot the court of chancery in England, modified by
acts of Congress and the rules ot the Supreme Court;
and as no execution could issue, according to the
practice in t-ie English chancery, (or this balance,
and no rule had been adopted in this court authoriz-
ing it, this part of the decrco was reversed.
"The decree in the present case was rendered in a
territorial court, and it has been contended that
this court is not a court under tho Constitution, nor
organized under the judiciary act of 1789, but by the
Legislature ol the Territory, under the organic law,
and whose jurisdiction is regulated by thatlaw, and
therefore that the decision in the case of Noonan ot.
Lee does not apply. (1 Peters, 516.)
"Of this opinion are Messrs. Justices Swayne,
Field, and myself, but a majority of the court are of
opinion that the case is governed by the previous
one. This part of the decree is therefore reversed,
and the residue affirmed."
It will readily be seen that this case goes in
principle to the extent of holding that the
district courts in the_ several Territories are
United States courts in all cases, and that in
their exercise of chancery jurisdiction the same
rules and practice are applicable therein as
prevail in the high court of chancery in Eng-
land, or "as they may be modified by acts of
Congress or the rules of the Supreme Court,"
thus destroying (as the legislation of Congress
now stands) the entire system of practice
built up with so much care and expense in the
nine Territories of the Union.
In the same general line of decision is the
case of Dunphy us. Kleinsmith, (11 Wallace,
page 610,) in which it is held that under the
language of the organic acts of the several
Territories, conferring common-lasf and chan-
cery jurisdiction on the district courts therein,
it was not competent for the Legislative
Assemblies thereof to establish a system of
chancery practice different from that prevail-
ing in the district courts of the United States.
These two decisions were concurred in by
a bare majority of that court, and in the recent
case decided from Utah, in which the same
general question of the nature of these terri-
torial courts was raised, there was an equal
division of the judges. I refer to this fact
merely for the purpose of showing the conflict
of legal and judicial opinion upon this subject
as the law now stands, and the difficulties that
surround it. So strongly, indeed, did the Su-
preme Court seem to deprecate the evil conse-
quences flowing from the decision of Orchids
vs. Hughes, in the confusion of the rights of
property and the chaos of judicial opinion
which it was sure to engender, that it changed
its rules at the same term that the decision
was rendered, by providing in rule ninety-
two—
"Thatin suits in equity for the foreclosures of
mortgages in the circuit courts of the United States
or in any court of theTerritorieshaving jurisdiction
of the same, a decree may be rendered for any bal-
ance that may be found due to the complainant
over and above the proceeds of the sale or sales,
and execution may issue for the collection of the
same, as is provided in the eighth rule of this court
regulating the equity practice where the decree is
solely the payment of money."
In a thoroughly organized industrial com-
munity there is nothing so well calculated to
produce a financial paralysis and arouse the
evil passions of men as uncertainty in the law.
The wisest and purest of judicial decisions
totally fail to answer the purpose for which
courts are created, if there is not at least rea-
sonable certainty in the law prior to then-
rendition.
In the vast majority of cases arising for
judicial determination the questions at issue
are those of fact and not of law; and when
to the difficulties that surround questions of
fact there is superadded an absolute uncer-
tainty in the law, from the filing of the com-
plaint to the rendition of judgment, the tem-
ples of justice are practically closed, and
society resolved into its original elements.
This is to-day, in great measure, practically
the condition of things in the nine Territories
which I have previously described. The sys-
tems of practice, blending together law and
equity, substantially modeled upon the New
York code, and imperatively demanded in the
Territories, whose changing populations re-
quire that there shall be not only certainty,
but expedition in the settlement of legal con-
troversies, have by these decisions been swept
away and no other system provided in their
place.
However willing the Supreme Court may be
to amend its rules from time to time to meet
the exigencies of new hardships presenting
themselvps upon its records, it cannot, in the
nature of things, afford the relief demanded
by the business interests of these growing
communities, exercising a local autonomy
through their several Legislatures. No law-
yer in the Territories now knows how to insti-
tute a suit, no judge how to decide it. Prom all
of the Territories the Delegates on this floor
are in daily receipt of communications from
bench and bar praying for the speedy passage
of this bill. It has been urged as an objection
to its passage that it will impose a large in-
crease of labor upon the Supreme Court,
whose calendar is already overburdened. X
find, however, by actual examination, that dur-
ing the last ten years that court has passed
upon only forty two cases from all of the I er-
ritories, or less than one case per annum for
each, and of this number probably more than
one half were dismissed upon simple_ motion
without inquiry into their merits. It is there-
fore manifest that this objection is not well
taken.
I have thus far shown the supreme neces-
sity for the passage of this bill with reference
to the Territories. It is. however, one of im-
pottance to tho Government itself from a nnan-
cial point of view. It is conceded in Orchids
vs. Hughes that the practice in the district arid
supreme courts in the Territories may be mod-
ified by act of Congress. But in case Congress
shall fail to act, and the decision that these
courts are to be held United States courts in
all cases, and in no sense territorial courts,
is to continue to be the law, then it will follow
as a necessary sequence that the national Gov-
ernment must assume the entire burden of the
administration of law in the several Territo-
ries.
Under that decision, if these courts are
United States courts, and in no sense territo-
rial courts, it will be difficult to see how it is
possible to impose upon the territories any
portion of the expense incident to their ad-
ministration of justice. Every prisoner con-
victed therein, even under a territorial statute,
will be a prisoner of the United States, and
all of the expenses of his conviction and sub-
sequent incarceration will fall upon the Gov-
ernment. All process must be served by the
United States marshal, thus practically abol-
ishing the office of sheriff, without which the
average American mind can scarcely compre-
hend bow justice can be administered at all.
The fees of jurors and witnesses, whether in
cases in chancery or at common law, and
whether arising under the laws of the United
States or of the Territories, and generally all
the incidental expenses of the courts which
have heretofore been paid by the Territories,
will devolve upon the Government. This will
involve an annual charge upon the Treasury
of at least $1,000,000.
It is idle to suppose that the people of the
Territories, already overburdened with the
innumerable expenses incident to the settle-
ment of a new country, will continue to levy
heavy taxes upon their resources to defray the
expenses of United States courts, administer
ing systems of practice so unadapted to their
circumstances as to almost utterly fail to
answer the purpose for which courts are pri-
marily created
Under these decisions to which I have re-
ferred there is scarcely a title in these nine
Territories resting upon a judicial decision
that is worth the parchment upon which it is
written. These disastrous results have flown
from the attempt to fritter away, by judicial
construction, the political rights granted to the
Territories by their organic laws, and which,
under a decision of the Supreme Court, they
have for more than forty years exercised with-
out question. But it is said that the bill as it
now stands confers upon the people of Utah
the same powers as upon those in the other
Territories. It is therefore assumed that this
power will be exercised in that Territory m
such a manneras to thwart the prosecutions now
pending therein, and having in view the sup-
pression of the civil rebellion against the laws
which have existed there for the last twenty
years. I concede that it would have this result
if passed in its present form.
The bill was made general in its terms,
however, not because i think it should be
made applicable to Utah, but to meet the objec-
tions of that large number of members of this
House who object to every bill having refer-
ence to the Territories, unless it applies to
them all alike. Sincerely do I hope that in
attempting to avoid this objection the passage
of the bill may not be endangered by the oppo-
sition of those who are opposed to granting to
the people of Utah the same rights of local
self government as are conceded to the other
Territories. My own views are that the bill
should not be made applicable to Utah. Sev-
eral of the other Delegates are of opinion that
it should be general; but the representaiives
of eight of the Territories are unanimously of
the opinion that if the inclusion ol Utah
endangers the passage of the bill, CJtah should
be excepted from its operations. My own
views are based upon the following consider-
ations:
it is conceded by all that _ the condition ot
things in Utah is exceptional in its nature. As
statesmanship demands that legislation should
accord with facts instead of making facts sub-
