1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8s r
rania; also, the petition of 83 workers in the
steel-works of Miller, Barr & Parkins ; also,
the petition of 42 workers in tbo Kensington
iron-works; also, the petition of 98 workers
intheLindsley & McCntheon rolling- mill, Alle-
ghany, Pennsylvania; also, the petition of
100 workers in the Pittsburg iron-works, Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania; also, the petition of 142
workers in the iron-works of the borough of
McKeesport, Alleghany county, Pennsylvania;
also, the petition of 1,110 workers in the iron-
works of Ormsby borough, Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania.
Also, two petitions of 854 late soldiers and
sailors, for the passage of au act granting an i
equalized bounty of $8 33J per month to all
late soldiers and sailors.
Also, the remonstrance of 000 officers and
crews of Ohio and Mississippi river tow-boats,
against reducing the steam pressure on said
boats below one hundred and fifty pounds to
the square inch.
By Mr. PALMER: The petition of the in-
habitants of Council Bluffs, Iowa, praying the
consolidation of the taxes on distilled spirits.
By Mr. PEICE: The petition of sundry
citizens of Towns county, Georgia, praying a
reduction or abolition by Congress of the tariff
on salt, coal, and pig iron.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Dicey D. Fowler,
widow of James B. Fowler, late of company
A, first regiment Georgia volunteers, war of
1861, for a pension.
By Mr. EAINEY: The report and resolu-
tions of the Chamber of Commerce of Charles-
ton, South Carolina.
By Mr. SPBEE, of Georgia: The petitions
of Joseph A. Stewart, of Rockdale county, John
Jones, of Baldwin county, and J. W. Wells, of
Lowndes county, asking the removal of their
political disabilities.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition and other
papers in the case of Lieutenant W. A. Snod-
grass, company E, thirty-ninth regiment Ohio
volunteer infantry, praying arrears of back
pay due him.
By Mr. STEVENSON; The petition of
Charles Taylor, James R. Johnson, W. W.
McColgin, Henry Bender, and 186 others,
toldiers of the late war for the Union, praying
an equalization of bounties.
By Mr. STORM; The petition of Sarah
Pugh, widow of George Dreher, late private
ia independent riflemen, Pennsylvania volun-
teers, in the war of 1812, commanded by
Captain Benjamin Stroh.
Also, the petition of W. 11. Thomas and
45 others, citizens of Redington, Northampton
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws abating or abol-
ishing duties upou such articles as are success-
fully produced in this country, and praying
the repeal of all duties upon tea and coffee
and such other articles of necessity aud com-
fort as cannot be produced in the United
States, and the encouragement of American
industry.
By Mr, SWANN; The memorial of Jeume
(r, Larraey, guardian of the minor sisters of
William A. Larraey deceased, praying a pen-
sion.
By Mr. THOMAS: The petition of sundry
citizens of Craven county, North Carolina,
praying a uniform tax of sixteen cents on all
descriptions of manufactured tobacco. Also,
the petition of sundry citizens of Carteret
county, in the same State, ou the same subject.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of Elliott
Elmer and others, Union soldiers of Wayne
county, Michigan, asking the passage of an
act giving a bounty of $8 83 J per month for
the time served, after deducting any Govern-
ment bounty heretofore received.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
W. E. Phillips and ISO others, citizens of
Port-smooth, Ohio, and laborers in the Ports-
mouth iron-works, praying the repeal of all
duties on tea and coffee, and such au adjust-
ment of the tariff as will encourage home
industry and foster the interests of American
labor.
POST ROUTE BlfcLS INTRODUCED.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee oa the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. GARRETT: A bill to establish
a post road_ in the State of Tennessee, from
Livingston, in Overton county, via Sweet Gum
Plains, Ward or Fox Springs, to Saljna, in
Clay county.
By Mr. KING: A bill to establish a post in
Lincoln county, Missouri, from Troy to Cliaa-
tilly, thence to New Salem, thence to Cap-au-
Gris, thence to Burr Oak Valley, thence to
Dryden, and thence back to Troy, all in Lin-
coln county, Missouri.
By Mr. McNEELY: A bill to establish a
certain post road in Illinois.
By Mr. WILSON, of Indiana: A bill to
establish a post road from New Garden, in the
State of Indiana, to Arba, in said State.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 6,1872.
Prayer by Rev. O. H. Tiffany, D. D., of
Newark, New Jersey.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of Spencer F. Baird, commis-
sioner of fish and fisheries, communicating, in
obedience to law, his report of operations and
inquiries prosecuted during the year 1871 in
reference to the decrease of food fishes on the
sea-eoast and in the lakes of the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FENTON. I present the memorial of
over one thousand leading merchants aud
bankers of the city of New York. I believe
no more important memorial has been pre-
sented to this Congress, in respect to the char-
acter of the memorialists and the subjects of
which they treat. Generally, in presenting
papers to the Senate, I have made a brief
■statement of the object in a single sentence,
but'I feel that I am justified in this case in
making a fuller statement, and I cannot do
this better than in the impressive and earnest
langnage of the memorialists themselves. I
hope the Senate will indulge me while I read
■what they say:
" Wo. the undersigned citizens of the United
States, having at heart the beet interests of our
country, above all party or selfish considerations,
do most earnestly petition you, in such behalf, to
give your earliest and most thorough attention to
what we deem to be some of the most vital questions
of the day,namely, the laws and regulations affect-
ing and governing the following subjects:
" First. Appointments to and removals from public
offices.
"Second. Salaries, perquisites, and moieties of
public officers. ^ . t ,
'* Third. Seizures of private books and papers.
" Webelieve, and many of us from personal expe-
rience or observation know, that in all these depart-
ments gross and iniquitous practices are the inevit-
able result of the various existing systems.
"The considerations which should alone govern
appoiutments to public office are capability, effi-
ciency, and honesty.
'4 Removals from office should occur solely upon
proof of incapability, inefficiency, or dishonesty.
"The salaries of public officers should be com-
mensurate with the quality of the jnen required and
the duties to be performed.. . . ,,
** \ll perquisites and moieties to ouioers sqoujq
be abolished, as the inevitable effect of either is to
demoralise the service, corrupt ltsservants, and even
extend its pernicious influence to the butmess com-
munity at large. . , j
" Tho seizure and examination of the booko and
papers of merchants and manufacturers, as now au-
i thorized and practiced, is in effect placing .in the
hands of irresponsible persons the power to injure
and oven ruin the business and character of citizens
of the highest known respectability. An informer,
upon his affidavit, based simply on his belief, can
obtain the seizure of the private books and Papers
of any merchant, and cause their ind_efinite reten-
tion, to the certain injury of his business and the
public defamation of bis name. This power, In tie
hands of those who are interested in fines, penalties,
and forfeitures, jna.y be, and frequently has been,
used for the persecution of innoeent men with the
hope of intimidating them into compromises and
settlements of unfounded charges, sus preferable to
the alternative of expensive and time-consuming
lawsuits.
"Laws authorizing sneh proceedings are sub-
versive of private rights, and unworthy of a freo
Country.
here to the evils most patent and of broadest effect,
to the reform of which every good citizen must lend
hirf uiil, and we confidently hope for your early and
favorable action."
As will be seen this petition relates largely
to tho subject embraced in the customs service
bill which I had the honor some time since to
report to the Senate from the Committee on
Finance; but as there are some other subjects
to which the memorialists refer that seem
proper for the consideration of the Finance
Committee, I move that the memorial be
referred to that committee.
In this connection, Mr. President, if the
Senate will indulge me one moment longer, I
desire to call the attention of Senators to the
fact that the bill to which I have alluded was
made the special order for the 17th of last
month; but owing to the general desire of
Senators that the amnesty bill and the appor-
tionment bill should be first considered, Tdid
not urge the hill upon the consideration of
the Senate at that time. I now give notice
that when the amnesty bill shall have been
disposed of I shall ask the Senate to take up
the bill and act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York gives notice that as soon as the
amnesty bill shall be disposed of he will insist
on the Senate considering the bill (S. No. 2)
to regulate the service in the collection of cus-
toms at the various ports of entry in the Uni-
ted States, &c., which is now the oldest special
order on the Calendar.
Mr. SUM NEE. Before that important
petition is referred, I should like to inquire of
my friend from New York whether he is right
iu referring it to the Finance Committee? It
seems to me to concern the civil service reform.
I would inquire what committee of the Senate
is considering civil service reform ?
Mr. FENTON. I believe the Judiciary
Committee have the subject, so far as the bill
introduced by the Senatorfrom Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] is concerned, under consideration.
I have no choice in the matter. So far as tlje
petition relates to the customs regulations
and revenue service, the Committee on Finance
have already acted upon the subject as pre-
sented in the bill to which I have referred;
but, if it is deemed best by any Senator that
this petition should go to the Committee on
the Judiciary, I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely call the attention
of my friends to the point. I have no positive
opinion upon it. I am very-strongly m favor
of civil service reform, and I should like to do
anything to help the committee that is engaged
in considering it if I knew what committee it
was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee ou the
Judiciary is engaged in considering it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ The Committee on the
Judiciary are considering the general subject;
but this petition, as I understand, although^ 1
did not pay very particular attention to it,
relates to the custom-house in the city of New
York, aud the management of that particular
office. . , .
Mr. FENTON. Part of it relates to civil
service reform. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to say that
the Committee on Finance have been consict-
ing the subject of the customs at New X oris.
particularly, and have reported a bill which,
it is hoped, will remedy some of the abuses
that exist there, or all of themes the Sena r
from Ohio, I believe, thought, if it was enacted
into a law; and perhaps, as that particular
