1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*785
Law# of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
ful acta affecting the revenues or property of
the Post Office Department.
Sec. 24. That the said Auditor, or the mayor
of any city, any justice of the peace, or the
judge of any court of record, may administer
oaths or affirmations in relation to the exam-
ination and settlement of the accounts com-
mitted to the charge of said Auditor; and if
any person shall knowingly swear or affirm
falsely touching any expenditure on account
of, or claim in favor or against, said Depart-
ment, he shall, on conviction thereof, for every
such offence, forfeit and pay not exceeding two
thousand dollars, and be imprisoned at hard
labor not exceeding five years, according to
the aggravation of the offence.
Sec. 25. That if either the Postmaster Gen-
eral or the person whose accounts have been
settled shall he dissatisfied with the settlement
of said Auditor, he may, within twelve months,
appeal to the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, whose decision shall be final and con-
clusive.
Sec. 26. That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may appoint in the office of the Auditor
for the Post Office Department one chief clerk,
nme clerks of class four, forty-four clerks of
class three, sixty-four clerks of class two,
thirty-seven clerks of class one, one messen-
ger, one assistant messenger, and eleven
laborers.
Sec. 27. That the annual salaries of the
Auditor for the Post Office Department, and the
clerks, messengers, and laborers in his office,
shall be as follows :
Of the Auditor, three thousand dollars ;
Of the chief clerk, two thousand dollars ;
Of the clerks of class four, one thousand
eight hundied dollars each ; and two huudred
dollars additional to one of said clerks as dis-
bursing clerk ;
Of the clerks of class three', one thousand
six hundred dollars;
Of the clerks of class two, one thousand
four hundred dollars each ;
Of the clerks of class one, one thousand two
huudred dollars each;
Of the messeuger, eight hundred and forty
dollars;
Of the assistant messenger, seven hundred
dollars ;
Of the laborers, six hundred dollars each.
Sec. 28. That whenever the office of any
postmaster shall become vacant by reason of
death, resignation, suspension, or by the ex-
piration of the commission of a postmaster or
his rejection by the Senate, or by the neglect
or refusal of any person to take charge of the
post office to which he is appointed, it shall be
the duty of the Postmaster General or the
President (as the case may be) to supply such
vacancy without delay, and it shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General promptly to notify
the Auditor of the change ; and every post-
master and his suretiers shall be responsible
under their bond for the safe-keeping of the
public property of the post office, and the due
performance of the duties thereof, until the
expiration of the commission, or until a suc-
cessor shall have been duly appointed and qual-
ified, and shall have taken possession ot the
office ; Provided, nevertheless. That in cases
where there shall be a delay ot sixty days in sup-
plying such vacancy, the sureties may terminate
their responsibility bygiveu notice, in -vriting,
to the Postmaster General, such termination
to take effect ten days after sufficient time
shall have elapsed to receive a reply from the
Postmaster General: And provided also, 1 hat
the Postmaster General may, when the ex-
igencies of the service require, place such
office in charge of a special agent until the
vacancy can be regularly filled ; and when j
such special agent shall have taUen charge ot
such post office, the liability ot the sureties
of the postmaster shall cease. '
•12D Coxh. 2i> SESS.—N<> .".0,
Sec. 29. That, all orders and regulations of
the Postmaster General which may originate
a claim, or in any manner affect the accounts
of the postal service, shall be certified to the
Auditor for the Post Office Department.
Sec. 30. That the Postmaster General may
establish a blank agency for the Post Office
Department, to be located at Washington,
District of Columbia.
Sec. 31. That the Postmaster General may
employ two special agents forthe Pacific coast,
and such number of other special agents as the
good of the service and safety of the mail may
require.
Sec. 32. That the salary of the special
agents of the Post Office Department shall be
at the rate of not more than one thousand six
hundred dollars per annum ; and they shall be
allowed for travelling and incidental expenses,
while actually employed in the service, a sum.
not exceeding five dollars a day.
Sec. 33. That whenever a special agent is
required to collect or disburse any public
money, he shall, before entering upon such
duty, give bond in such sum and form, and
with such security, as the Postmaster General
may approve.
Seo 34. That the Postmaster General may
employ, when the service requires it, the Assist-
ant Postmasters General and superintendents
in his Department as special agents; and
he may allow them therefor not exceeding the
amount expended by them as necessary trav-
elling expenses while so employed.
Sec. 35. That the Postmaster General may
appoint two agents to superintend the railway
postal service, who shall be paid out of the
appropriation for the transportation of the
mail, at the rate of two thousand five hundred
dollars per annum salary, with an allowance
for travelling and incidental expenses, while
actively employed in the service, of not more
than five dollars a day; and the Auditor of
the Treasury for the Post Office Department
shall charge to the appropriation for mail
transportation the salary and per diem of the
assistant superintendents of the postal railway
service ; and to the appropriation for the free-
delivery system, the salary and per diem of
the special agent detailed for that service ; and
the salary and per diem of the special agents
employed in the money-order service shall be
paid out of the proceeds of that service.
Sec. 36. That the Postmaster General may
establish resident mail agencies at the poits
of Pauama and Aspinwall (New Granada),
Havana (Cuba), and Saint Thomas, and such
other foreign ports at which United States mail
steamers touch to laud and receive^ mails, as
may in his judgment promote the efficiency of
the foreign mail service; and may pay the
agents employed by him at such ports out of
the appropriation lor transportation ot the mail
a reasonable compensation for their services
and tliQ necessary expenses for office rent,
clerk hire, office furniture, and other inci-
dentals, to be allowed him at eaeh of such
agencies.
Sec. 37. That the Postmaster General may
appoint an agent in charge ot the mail on
board of each of the mail steamers on the
routes between San Francisco, Japan, and
China, between San Francisco and 'Honolulu
(Hawaiian Islands), and New \ork to Rio
Janeiro, who shall be allowed, out of the
appropriation for transportation of the mail,
an annual salary of two thousand dollars each.
Sec. 38. That the Postmaster General may
establish, in connection with the mail steam
ship set vice to Japan and China, a geneiai
postal agency at Shanghai, China, or at Yoko-
hama, Japan, with such bnnch agencus at
any o!her ports in China ami J t:pan a^ he shah
deem neces*aiy lor the prompt and efficient
management of the posiai service m Uiose
countries, and he may pay the postal agents
employed thereat a reasonable compensation
for their services, in addition to t.he necessary
expenses for rent, furniture, clerk hire, and
incidental expenses.
Sec. 3'J. That the Postmaster General may
employ as many route agents as may be neces-
sary forthe prompt and safe transportation of
the mail, who shall be paid out of the appro-
priation for transportation of the mail, at the
rate of not less than nine hundred nor more
than one thousand two hundred dollars per
annum.
Sec. 40. That the Postmaster General may
appoint clerks for the purpose of assorting and
dsstiibuting the mail in railway post offices,
who shall be paid out of the appropriation for
transportation of the mail, at the rate of not
more than one thousand four hundred dollars
per annum to the head clerks, nor more than
one thousand two hundred dollars per annum
to the other clerks.
Sec. 41. That the accounts of the postal
service shall be kept in such a manner as to
exhibit the amount of revenues derived re-
spectively from ''letter postage;" "book,
newspaper, and pamphlet postage;" " legis-
tered letters;" "box rents and branch
offices;" "postage-stamps and envelopes;"
"dead letters;" "fines and penalties;"
"revenue from money-order business;" and
" miscellaneous and the amount of expend
itures for each ofthe following objects, namely :
"transportation of the mail;" "compensation
of postmasters;" "compensation of letter-
carriers;" "compensation of clerks for post
offices;" "compensation of blank agents and
assistants;" "mail depredations and special
agents;" "postage-stamps and envelopes;"
"ship, steamboat, and way letters;" "dead
letters;" "mail-bags;" "mail locks and
keys;" and "postmarking and cancelling
stamps;" "wrapping paper;" "twine;"
"letter-balances;" " office furniture ;" "ad-
vertising "balances to foreign countries;"
"rent, light, and fuel for post offices;" and
"stationery" and "miscellaneous."
Sec. 42. That unclaimed money in dead
letters for which no owner can be found; all
money taken from the mail by robbery, theft,
or otherwise, which may come into the hands
of any agent or employee of the United States,
or any other person whatever; all fines and
penalties imposed for any violation of the
postal laws, except such part as may by law
belong to the informer or party prosecuting
forthe same; and all money derived from the
sale of waste paper or other public property
of the Post Office Department, shall be de-
posited in the Treasury, uuderthe direction of
the Postmaster General, as part of the postal
revenue. And the Postmaster General is
hereby directed to cause to be placed lo the
credit of the Treasurer of the United States
for the service of the Post Office Department,
the net proceeds of the money-order business ;
and the receipts of the Post Office Depaument
derived from this source during each quarter
shallbe entered by the Auditor of the 'treasury
for the Posi Office Depaitment, in the accounts
of said Department, under the head of " rev-
nue from money-order business. '
Sec. 43. Ttiat all postages, box rents, and
other receipts at post offices shall be accounted
for as part of the postal revenues; and any
part thereof which the postmaster has neglected
to collect, he sbaii'be charged witu and held ac-
countable for the same as if he had collected it.
Sec. 44. That postmasters may allow box-
holders who desire to do so to provide lock-
boxes or drawers for their own use, at their
own expense, which lock-boxes or draweis,
upon their erection in any post office, shall
become the piopertv of the United States,
and lie subject to the direction and control of
the Post Office Department, and snail pay a
rental at least equal to that of other boxe£ in
