1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4421
this bill by the Senate—particularly the bay-
. onet bill or enforcement act—have it nowinour
power to prevent action on the bill unless, a
two-thirds vote can be obtained; bat by allow-
ing the bill to go the committee we lose bur
present advantage resulting from the necessity
for a two thirds vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man means that any number of members of
the House are opposed to considering the bill
at all, then as a matter of course they can bet-
ter oppose its consideration by insisting that
it shall lie upon the table and never be reached
except by a two-thirds vote. But 1 did not
suppose anybody was opposed to the consid-
eration of the bill in some way.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman's remark
confirms the correctness of what I said, thai,
there will be something gained to the majority
here by a reference of the bill to the com-
mittee.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the bill remain where
it is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. NiBLAOK.j will be heard.
Mr. N1BLA.UK. If this bill be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, my friends
upon this side'of the House and upon all sides
will be informed of any important action that
the committee may recommend in regard to
these amendments. I yield to no one in my
opposition to some of the amendments put on
the bill by the Senate, one at least, which I
suppose is the great ground of objection, on
this side of the House. Yet while I am unal-
terable in my opposition to that particular
amendment, I do feel that toe cannot well
stand in the position of refusing to consider
a billon account of a single obnoxious amend-
ment, especially when the bill is an important
ong, involving" many matters of great public
interest, which cannot very well be postponed
until next Winter,- so that the failure of the
bill might result in an extra'session. Hence,
I am inclined to believe that we ought to re-
fer this bill "to the Committee on Appropria-
tions for consideration. If we cannot get it
back in such a shape as will be satisfactory to
gentlemen on this side, then I shall be ready
to join them in any measures which may seem
proper to secure the deleat of the obtioxioas
amendment to;«hich I-have referred.
Mr. BROOKS. It will be too late then.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the gemleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblaok] will rellect a moment
he will see that the course he recommends is
precisely that which was adopted in the Sen-
ate, resulting, there in the gaining of. an ad-
vantage over the minority. The motion of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, if it prevails, would give a majority of
the House the control of the bill, when now
it cannot be reachcd except by a two-thirds
vote. We should thus lose all our power to
prevent the passage of the bill with these
internal amendments.
Mr. STEVENSON. Some of us think them
beneficent amendments; and if there is to be
debate we want, to be heard.
Mr. NI BLACK. WeU, it is merely a ques-
tion as to the propriety of risking the failure
of the bill by refusing to consider it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think the responsi-
bility rests upon the Senate. The majority in
the Senate have placed this amendment upon
an appropriation bill for the purpose ol having
it, ridden through the House by the anxiety of
the members to pass the bill. The responsi-
bility rests there. We hatte but a single duty
to perform ; and that is to do the utmost,
within our ability to defeat this amendment,.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 have made
in relerence to this bill the same motion that
1 made in reference to every other appropria-
tion bill of which I have had the manage-
ment this winter. I have made, this motion
simply in the ordinary course of business. _ It
any number of gentlemen her© constituting
more than one third of the House choose to
say at, any given time that a great appropria-
tion bill shall Hot be considered, shall not
even be referred to the appropriate com-
mittee for consideration, shall not be taken up
even for debate; of course that is a thing within
their power. And nobody doubts but that
more than one third of the members of this
House'c-au do that thing with this or atfy other
bill.
Bat I call attention now and here to the fact
that I have made the ordinary motion. If this
"bill be so referred the Committee on Appro-
priations will doubtlessly report it back to be
considered amendment by amendment under
whatever rule of- debate the House chooses to
adopt, so that no man can be deprived of his
right of dilatory motions, his right to obstruct,
his right to prevent the passage of any particular
amendment. But to resist now is to say the
bill as a whole shall not be considered. To
wait until the amendments come up.for con-
sideration is to say wbatisfairaud-reasonable.
W hen the bill comes up to be acted on in the
House, what gentlemen think ought not to be
acted on at alt they may stop, and stop them
as they please.
Mr. ELDREDGE. One word, Mr. Speaker.
This side of the House will be perfectly willing
if the gentleman from Ohio, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, .shall take a bill
with these amendments, bring it before the
House and pass it, and send it, to the Senate
at once. That can be done without any ob-
struction being made to the passage of the
bill. Let. him take a copy of the bili, with a
copy of tha amendments, excepting the one to
which we are opposed, and send that to the
Senate, and let thern again take the responsi-
bility, if they will, to adopt or defeat the
appropriation bill for the purpose of riding
through this House the amendments which
have no business on this bill.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly; but
let me say a word. The plan I suggest is to
allow the amendments to goto the Committee
on Appropriations, where they may have a
full and fair consideration. When the bill is
brought back to the House I propose to sug-
gest the amendment obnoxious to the other
side of the House shall be postponed to the
last. The House can take up and consider
all the other amendments, and they are the
ordinary amendments to an appropriation
bill, so that we may get the deliberate judg-
ment of the House on all the questions ot
appropriation brought before us. Then we
can take up and debate the amendment ob-
jected to, as the House may choose.
Mr. FARNS WORTH-. It is the last amend-
ment now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not the
last amendment in the order of the amend-
ments, but, as I understand, it is among the
very first. I suggest that one by one all the
other amendments be acted on by the House
allowing that amendment to remain to the last,
when gentlemen can take whatever course of
conduct they may think proper and best under
the circumstances.
Mr. BECK. Now let me make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. The bili, as amended by the
Senate, has not been printed. 1 he House
does not know what it is, although I have a
copy myself of the objectionable amendment.
The House does not know what the amend-
ments of the Senate are. I suggest to the
gentleman whether it would not be proper to
postpone his motion until after the printed
bill and amendments are in the hands ot the
mfe tubers ot the House, and that wilt not take
more than a couple of hours, so they may see
exactly what the ainendmeutsof the Senateare.
Then, after the members of the House have
seen in print the amendments of the Senate,
he may call up his motion and the responsi-
bility will devolve when we know what they
are, but not nntil then.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My objection
is simply to the lbss of time wkieh would'be
occasioned. I desire that the Committee on
Appropriations, which .have spent on this
appropriation bill more than forty fail sessions,
may have sufficient opportunity to go over all
the items of the Senate amendments, amount-
ing, I believe, to something like a hundred. In
the mean time every member can examine for
himself what these amendments are.
Mr. BECK. Before it goes there with the
amendments which I understand have been
put upon the bill by the Senate, I-propose, if
no one else does, to submit to the House the
question of the right of the power of the Sen-
ate to put amendments upou it like that which
I now bold in my hand. I do pot propose to
vote to put it in the hands of the committee
until the House has decided, in addition,
whether the Senate had the right to attach
such an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the Chair
whether the gentleman from Kentucky would
not have the same right when the bill has been
brought from the Committee on Appropria-
tions to make his point of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
both gentlemen that it is not competent,to
raise in advance points of order on questions
not yet submitted.
M r. RAN DALL. The Senate have inaugu-
rated an-extraordinary proceeding in our legis-
lation. This bill as it now stands differs from
any other bill that has come before ns. It
provides for extraneous and new legislation
upon an appropriation bill. And for one I
do not mean to give up my right under the
rules of the House to thwart this effort to foist
upon the country tyrannous legislation. I hope,
therefore; that we here who now have the
power will in no jot or tittle yield an inch.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make an inquiry
of th£ Chair. I wish to know whether it would
be competent for the House to take this bill
from the Speaker's table and consider it in
the usual order, reserving this objectionable
amendment to be determined finally by a two-
thirds vote of the House?
The SPEAK1SR. Not unless two thirds of
the House should so vote. It would not be
competent to do that uuless under a suspen-
sion of the rales.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Suppose it were done
by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. That could be done.
Mr. KERR. 1 wish, then-, to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Com1
mittee on Appropriations, whether he is will-
ing that that order should be made?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What order?
Mr. KERR. That the bill may be consid-
ered in the usaal order with reference to all
the Senate amendments except the one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is what I
am asking.
Mr. KERR. And that ae regards that one
amendment the two-tbirds rule shall operate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not agree
to that.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that as to
that amendment all rights now existing be
reserved, whatever they may be.
Mr. KEliR. That is my proposition.
Mr. DAWES. Let the Chair decide what
those rights are. For mjself I do not know
what they are.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
we might as well cut this knot first as last.
The Senate hold that they have a ri^bt to put
an amendment of this character upon a House
appropriation bill. The House cannot exer-
cise a-supervision over the rules of the Senate,
and if we send them another hill they can put
on the same amendment again and again. We
gain nothing, therefore, bypassing a new bill
without this amendment, as< has been sag*
