1734
THE CONGKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
March lb
ordinate to theories, it is clear that the rule
should be provided for by general, and the
exception by exceptional legislation. If this ex-
ception exists in Utah, then strike Utah from the
body of the bill. The people of the other Terri-
tories arc not responsible for the condition of
things in Utah. If this sorely-needed relief is
to be denied them—because, to make Utah an
exception, would militate against the theories
of members of Congress that all legislation for
the Territories should be general in its appli-
cation—then are they punished for their obedi-
ence to law, a premium offered for its violation
in Utah, and protection, the price with which
the Government purchases its right to the alle-
giance of its citizens, wrongfully withheld.
In urging the passage of this law we ask
for nothing that is new. It affords a relief
imperatively demanded by eight Territories in
the Union, producing by far the larger part
of our annual yield of precious metals, and
who respectfully but most earnestly petition
to be permitted to pay the expenses incident
to their right of local self-governineut; to
retain intact their present judicial systems,
with which courts, attorneys, and people are
thoroughly familiar ; do that which tliey have
heretofore uniformly done without complaint
from any quarter, and which Chief Justice
Marshall as long ago as 1828 decided they had
a right to do.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. BICE, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, the
question of revenue reform and reduction of
taxation is engrossing more of the attention of
the people than any other with which this
Congress has to deal. I therefore propose to
address the House in that connection and con-
fine myself to the discussion or presentation
of reasons against the repeal or discontinuance
of the tax on incomes. The various proposi-
tions looking to revenue reform and reduction
of taxation submitted to this Congress are
strongly suggestive of the selfishness that gov-
erns in arranging a system of taxation.
We have, coming from Maine, a proposi-
tion for free coal and salt; yet when you pro-
pose to admit lumber free her Representatives
will be heard protesting that those great for-
ests with which she is so bountifully provided
will have to stand untouched by the wood-
man's ax unless protection is given on lumber.
We find Massachusetts in line with the State
of Maine demanding free salt and coal; but
when you propose to reduce the present ex-
orbitant tariff imposed upon all foreign arti-
cles that compete with the products of her
manufactories, her Representatives on this floor
will be heard protesting that this policy will
close her manufacturing establishments, and
the manufacture of bunting become one of the
lost arts. Pennsylvania, that by means of
a high protective tariff has grown rich npon
the bounties poured in upon her from every
section of the Union, is for the admission free
of duty of all articles not produced in this
country, and clamors for the imposition of
still higher duties upon all foreign articles that
compete with the product of her factories and
machine-shops.
The eastern States, that have grown rich and
powerful within the past few years, with a
keen discrimination in favor of their own in-
terests, seek to relieve themselves of Federal
taxation and leave the industries of the other
States of the Union to bear the burden. It
is with this view that their Representatives in
this and the other end of the Capitol have so
persistently urged the repeal of the income
tax, seeking thereby to relieve their national
bondholders, their bankers, their vast corpora-
tions, and protected manufacturing monop-
olists from Federal taxation. They tell us that
the repeal of the tax on incomes, and its dis-
continuance as a part of our tax system, is
the revenue reform and reduction of taxa-
tion upon which this Congress should enter.
Upon this I take issue, and maintain that it
is no such reduction of taxation as the neces-
sities of an impoverished and heavily taxed
people require and demand at the hands of
this Congress, nor such as should commend
itself to our approval.
Sir. in my opinion, if there is any feature or
principle in the system of taxation adopted
by the Federal Government that is consistent
with sound statesmanship, and in keeping with
the principles of equity that should underlie
all laws imposing taxes, it is the tax on in-
comes. Its burdens rest almost entirely, if
not altogether, upon the capital and wealth of
the country, and but comparatively few have
it to pay, and the few who pay it the best able
of any who enjoy the blessings of the protec-
tion of Government. This tax is paid by the
Astors, the Stewarts, the Vanderbilts, the Jay
Cookes, by the millionaires of the country
who count their incomes by the hundreds of
thousands.
This tax is paid by the national banks, those
monopolies, plunderers of the public, called
into life and fostered by congressional enact-
ments. It is paid from the large revenues
of railroads, those monster corporations that
wield so potent an influence over the legisla-
tion of the country, many of them made rich
by the bounties and subsidies voted them by
Congress. It is paid from the immense profits
derived by the manufacturing monopolists
from the large bounties collected from the
people by means of an unjust and most iniqui-
tous tariff. It is paid by the favored bond-
holder from the income derived from the inter-
est paid upon the bonds of the Government.
He is reached by this tax alone, because the
law under which the bonds were issued ex-
empts him from the imposition of any other
tax, State, Federal, or municipal. It is paid
by members of Congress and Federal office-
holders upon their salaries in excess of $2,000.
This tax is the only tribute that wealth is made
to pay whose burden is felt not by the poor.
This tax, sustained by every principle of jus-
tice ajid equity, and that has received the
unqualified indorsement of nearly all the
writers on political economy, it is now pro-
posed shall no longer continue a part of our
internal tax system; and we are told by those
who favor this policy that the people were
clamorous for the repeal of this tax, and are
now opposed to its reenactmont. VVhat people,
sir, demanded its repeal, or now ask its discon-
tinuance? Was it the laborer, the farmer, and
mechanic, that large class of citizens upon
whom the burden of taxatiou, Federal aud
State, rests most heavily; that class who
have become so accustomed to congressional
discrimination against their interests, and in
favor of capital and monopolies, that they have
ceased to look to Congress for relief? They,
sir, had no voice in the clamor for the yepeal
of the income tax, nor do they or theirfriends
bear any part in the protest against its reen-
aotment. They have no lobbyists here who
crowd the aisles and corridors of the Capitol,
seeking to shape the legislation of the country
in their interests. They have not the means
to pay lawyers eminent m their profession for
long written opinions as to the constitution-
ality of any law sought to be repealed, or the
reenactment of which they desire to defeat.
Their time and energies are all devoted to
hard labor, and their earnings are swallowed
up in the streamof Federal and State taxation.
The people whose clamor and protest have
reached the ears of those who are opposed to
the income tax number less than seventy thou-
sand out of a population of nearly thirty-nine
millions. They belong to and are of that class
of persons whom I have enumerated from
whom the income tax is derived; they are
the possessors of the capital and property of
the country; the representatives of wealth,
wealth that is always domineering and dicta-
torial, exacting and blindly selfish, whose
horizon is bounded by greed, and every im-
pulse is swallowed up in the desire to acquire
more and still more of the object of too general
worship, the " almighty dollar."
And I confess, Mr. Speaker, when I review
the action of Congress for several years past,
and see how uninterrupted and uniform its
course has been in favoring and fostering cap-
ital and building up monopolies, how its legis-
lation in every instance, when there was a
conflict between labor and capital, discrimin-
ated in favor of capital, and when I consider
the fact that his Excellency the President, in
his annual message submitted to Congress in
December last, while suggesting the changes
he thought expedient for this Congress to make
in the tariff and internal revenue taxes, failed
to notice or make any mention of the tax on
incomes, thereby virtually throwing the weight
of his executive recommendation against this
tax, I have no hope that anything 1 may say,
or t-hat has been or may be said, will prevent
the dropping out from our tax system of this
most just and equitable tax. Yet, sir, I pro-
pose m the discharge of my duty as a Repre-
sentative on this floor of people, not capital,
to submit briefly some of the reasons that gov-
ern me in resisting the repeal of this tax, and
impel me to favor its continuance.
The amount derived by the Government from
this tax for the fiscal year which ended June
30, 1871, as reported by the (Jommissioner
of Internal Revenue, was $19,162,650 75.
Why should this tax that yields to the Gov-
ernment so large an income be singled out
from our vast and complicated system of tax-
ation ; this tax that bears upon the wealthy,
as against that large class of citizens, the la-
borer, the mechanic, and the farmer, who are
bound to the earth by a load of taxation im-
posed upon them by an unjust, discriminat-
ing, and iniquitous tariff; this, the only tax
levied by the Government upon capital, the
only discrimination in our entire tax laws made
against property ; this tax maintained as cor-
rect and just by nearly every writer on polit-
ical economy, that imposes a burden on the
wealth and property of the country, so light
that it is scarcely felt by those who pay it ?
Yet, sir, just as this tax is, light as the bur-
den may be which it imposes, we are urged
to discontinue it, aud leave the poor to strug-
gle and toil on under the cruel burden of Fed-
eral taxation now imposed on all they eat,
and drink, and wear.
No proposition can be clearer than if you
reduce the revenues of the Government $20,-
000,000 by discontinuing the income tax, this
Congress will not be able nor can it afford to
reduce materially the present high tariff rates.
This fact is well understood by the Represent-
atives on this floor from the States whose
manufacturers are gathering a golden harvest
from the bounties paid them by the whole
people of the country through the present high
and exorbitant tariff. Hence it is you find
them all arrayed against this tax, and through-
out the history of the opposition to this tax in
Congress those who favor a high protective
tariff have been the most blatant and persist-
ent advocates for the repeal of this tax.
Many objections have been urged against
the income tax, which I now propose briefly
to notice. It is contended that the Congress
of the United States possesses no power under
the Constitution to impose this tax. If I be-
lieved this objection well taken, there would
be an end of the argument; for, sir, I have
been taught to respect and revere the Consti-
tution as the supreme law of the land, its limit-
ations to be respected and not transgressed
by Presidents, by courts, or by Congress, and
have attempted to shape my political course
consistent with its provisions. But I can see
no force in this objection, and without enter-
ing into an argument as to the power of Con-
gress to levy this tax, (to do so would carry
me far beyond the limit I have assigned myself
in this discussion,) I will remark that the
power to levy or impose taxes for the objects
specified in the grant, " to pay the debts, pro-
