786
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the same office, or, if there be no other boxes
in such office, of boxes in other offices of tlie
same class, which rental shall be accounted
for as other box rents.
Sec. 45. That any officer, agent, postmas-
ter, clerk, or other person employed in any
branch of the postal service having temporary
custody of any money taken from dead let-
ers; any money derived from the sale of waste
paper or other public property of the Post Office
Department; or any monsy derived from any
other source which by law is part of the postal
revenues, who shall wilfully neglect to deposit
the same in the Treasury of the United States,
or in some other depository authorized to
receive the same, shall be deemed guilty of
embezzlement., and be subject to a fine not
exceeding double the sum so retained, or to
imprisonment not exceeding three years, or
both, at the discretion of ihe court. And any
person intrusted by law with the sale of post-
age-stamps or stamped envelopes, who shall
refuse or neglect to account for the same, or
who shall pledge or hypothecate or unlawfully
dispose ot them, for any purpose whatever,
shall be deemed guilty of embezzlement, and
shall be subject to the same penalty and pun-
ishment as are provided in this section for the
embezzlement of money.
Sec. 56. That the money required for the
postal service in each year shall be appropri-
ated by law out of the revenues of the service.
Sec. 47. That, payments of money out of
the Treasury on account of the postal ser-
vice shall be in pursuance of appropriations
made by law, by warrants of the Postmaster
General, registered and countersigned by the
Auditor for the Post Office Department, and
expressing on their face the appropriation to
whicli they should be charged.
Sec. 48. That all payments on account of
the postal service shall be made to persons to
whom the same shall be certified to be dutfby
the Auditor; but advances of necessary sums
to defray expenses may be made by the Post-
roaster General to agents employed to invest-
igate mail depredations, examine post route's
and officei, and on other like services, to
be charged to them by the Auditor, and to
be accounted for in the settlement of their
accounts.
Sec. 49. That the Postmaster General may
transfer debts due to the Department from
postmasters and others to such contiactors as
have given bonds, with security, to refund any
money that may come into their hands over
and above the amount found duo them on the
settlement of their accounts; but such trans-
fers shall only be in satisfaction of legal
demands for which appropriations have been
made-
Sec. 50. That in all eases where money has
been paid out of the funds of the Post Office
Department under the pretence that service
has been performed therefor, when, in fact,
such service has not been performed, or as
additional allowance for increased service ac-
tually tendered, when the additional allow-
ance exceeds the sum which, according to law,
might nghtfully have been allowed therefor,
and in all other cases where money of the
Department lias been paid to any person in
consequence of fraudulent representations, or
by the mistake, collusion, or misconduct of
any officer or other employee in the postal
service, the Postmaster General shall cause
suit to be brought to recover such wrong or
fraudulent payment or excess, with interest
thereon.
Sec. 51. That when the Postmaster General
is satisfied that money or property stolen from
the mail, or the proceeds thereof, has been
received at the Department, he may, upon
satisfactory evidence as to the owner, deliver
the same to him.
" Sec. 52. That the Auditor for the Post Office
Department shall state and certify quarterly
to the Postmaster General on [an] account of
the money paid by postmasters out of the
receipts of their offices, and pursuant to ap-
propriations, on account of the expenses of
the postal service, designating the heads under
which such payments were made.
Sec. 53. That upon the certified quarterly
statement by the Auditor for the Post Office
Department of the payments by postmasters
on account of the postal service, the Post-
master General shall issue his warrant to the
Treasurer to carry the amount to the credit
of the postal revenues and to the debit of the
proper appropriations upon the books of the
Auditor.
Sec. 54. That the postal revenues, and all
debts due the Post Office Department, shall,
when collected, be paid into the Treasury of
the United States, under the direction of the
Postmaster General; and the Treasurer, Assist-
ant Treasurer, or designated depositary receiv-
ing such paymentshallgive the depositor dupli-
cate receipts therefor.
Sec. 55. That all deposits on account of the
postal service shall be brought into the Treas-
ury by warrants of the Postmaster General,
countersigned by the Auditor; and no credit
shall be allowed for any deposit until such
warrant has been issued.
Sec. 56. That the Postmaster General may
transfer money belonging to the postal service
between the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer,
and designated depositaries, at his discretion,
and as the safety of the public money and the
convenience of the service may require.
Sec 57. That all fines and penalties im-
posed for any violation of any law relating to
the Post Office Department, or of any other
law where such violation affects the revenue
or property of the Post Office Department,
shall, wheu collected or recovered, be paid
into the Treasury, to the credit of the United
Slates, for the use of the Post Office Depart-
ment, excepting, however, such part thereof
as may, by law, belong to the party informing
or prosecuting for the same.
Sec. 58. That the Postmaster' General may
dispose of any quarterly returns of mails sent
or received, preserving the accounts-current
and all accompanying vouchers, and use such
portions of tue proceeds as may be necessary
to def'tay the cost of separating and disposing
of them ; but the accounts shall be preserved
entire for at least two years.
Sec. 59. That the Postmaster General may
provide, by regulations, for the disposition of
printed and mailable matter which may remain
1U any post office, or in the Department, not
called lor by'the party addressed; but if the
publisher of any refused or uncalled-for news-
paper or other periodical shall pay the postage
due thereon, such newspaper or other period-
ical shall be excepted from the operation of
this section.
Sec. 60. That when any postmastef shall be
required to execute a new bond, all payments
made by him after the execution of such new
bond may, if the Postmaster General or the
Auditor shall deem it just, be applied first to
discharge any balance which may be due from
said postmaster under his old bond.
Sec. 61. That the Postmaster General shall
establish post offices at all such places on post
roads established by law as he may deem ex-
pedient, and he shall promptly certify such
estabiishmenttothe Auditorfor the Post Office
Department.
Sec. 62. That any person who shall, with-
out authority from the Postmaster General,
set up or profess to keep any office or place
of business bearing the sign, name, or title of
post office, shall foifeit ana pay, for every such
offence, not more than live hundred dollars.
Sec. 63. That postmasters of the fourth and
fifth class shall be appointed and may be re-
moved by the Postmaster General, and all
others shall be appointed and may beiemoved
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and shall hold their
offices for four yeatsunless sooner removed or
suspended according to law, and all appoint-
ments and removals shall be notified to the
Auditor for the Post Office Department.
Sec. 64. That every postmaster shall reside
within the delivery of the office to which he
is appointed.
Sec 65. That every postmaster, before
entering upon the duties of his office, shall
give bond, with good and approved security,
and in such penalty as the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall deem sufficient, conditioned for the
faithful discharge of all duties and trusts im-
posed on him either by law or the rules and
regulations of the Department; and where an
office shall be designated as a money-order
office, the bond of the postmaster shall con-
tain an additional condition for the faithful
performance of all duties and obligations in
connection with the money-order business.
On the death, resignation, or removal of a
postmaster, his bond shall be delivered to
the Auditor for the Post Office Department.
The bond of any married woman who may
be appointed postmaster shall be binding upon
her and her sureties, and she shall be liable for
misconduct in office as if she were sole.
Sec. 66. That when any of ihe sureties of
a post master shall notify the Postmaster Gen-
eral of their desire to be leleased from their
suretyship, or when the Postmaster General
deems a new bond necessary, he shall requne
the postmaster to execute such new bond,
with security, which, when accepted by ihe
Postma-.ter General, shall be as valid as the
bond g.veu upon the original appointment nf
such postmaster, and the sureties in the pri^r
bond shall be released from responsibility for
all acts or defaults of such postmaster whieU
may be done or committed subsequent to I ha
last day of the quarter in which such new
bond shall be executed and accepted.
Sec. 67. That if on the settlement of the
account of any postmaster it shall appear
that he is indebted to the United States, and
suit therefor shall not be instituted within
three years' after the close of such account,
the sureties on his bond shall not be liable
for such indebtedness.
Sec. 68. That every postmaster shall keep
an office in which one or more persons shall
be on duty during such hours of each day
as the Postmaster General may direct, for the
purpose of receiving, delivering, making up,
and forwarding all mail matter received
thereat.
Sec. 69. That all letters brought to any
post office half an hour before the time for
the departure of the mail shall be forwarded
therein; but at offices where, in the opinion
of the Postmaster General, more time for
making up the mail is required, he may pre-
set ibe accordingly, not exceeding one hour.
Sec. 70. That the Postmaster General shall
furnish to postmasteis at the termination of
each route a schedule of the time of arrival
and depar ture of the mail at their offices,
respectively, to be posted in a conspicuous
place in the office ; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall also give the postmaster notice of
any change in the arrival and departure that
may be ordered; and he shall cause to be
kept and returned tothe Department, at short
and regular intervals, registers, showing the
exact times of the arrivals and departures of
the mail.
Sec. 71. That every postmaster shall keep
a record, ill sucli form as the Postmaster G< n-
eral shall direct, of all postage-stamps and
envelopes and of all postal books, blanks,
and property received from his predecessor,
or from the Department or any of its agents;
