1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a memorial of
the National Tobacco Association, asking the
passage of an act fixing a uniform tax of six-
teen cents per pound on manufactured tobacco
entering the market for consumption ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Joseph
Segar, of Elizabeth City, Virginia, prayingeom-
pensation for the use of his farm by United
States troops from May, 1861 to 1866; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Puget sound, Washington Territory, praying
Congress to grant a charter and a liberal dona-
tion of land for the construction of a railroad
across the Cascade mountains to the head of
Paget sound, at the most suitable point; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a petition of J. B. Chap-
man and others, praying the enactment of a
law granting the right of way for a railroad
from the head of Puget sound, in Washington
Territory, across the Cascade mountains, by
the forks of Columbia river, and thence to the
Union Pacific railroad at Green river; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. . ,
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Marie Smith, mother of Albion G. Smith,
praying that she be granted a pensionwhich
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of the Amer-
ican Temperance Commission, praying that
Congress by appropriate legislation will here-
after prohibit, within the jurisdiction of the
Government of the United States, the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of all intoxi-
cating liquors to be used as a beverage;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of the Amen-
Temperance Commission, praying an
CUU   j i---v r> #
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States providing that no candidate shall here-
after be eligible to any Federal office who is
addicted to the use of intoxicating liquorsas
a beverage, and that drunkenness in any in-
cumbent of such office shall be deemed at any
timesufficient cause for his immediate impeach-
ment and deposition; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, late colored soldiers in the
United States Army, praying that a bounty of
$8 83J a month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
time served, and an amendment to the twenty-
fifth section of the act approved July 15,1870,
so as to allow soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic! Lands. . ,
Mr. WILSON. I also present a memorial
signed by Lucy Stone, president of the Woman
Suffrage Association, Julia Ward Howe, chair-
man of the executive committee, Mary Crew,
corresponding secretary, and Henry B. Black-
well, recording secretary, asking that women
may be allowed to vote and hold office in the
Territories, and also that an amendment may
be made to the Constitution of the United
States to allow women to have the right to
vote and hold office like men. I move the
reference of this memorial to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to. , .
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
Margaret O. Meade, administratrix ot the
estate of Richard W. Meade, deceased, pray-
ing payment of the amount due him from the
Spanish Government and assumed by the
United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims. _ _
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
J. G. Schaeffer, publisher of the Whitehall
Forum, of Whitehall, Muskegon county, Mich-
igan, praying for such an amendment to the
postal laws as will allow persons known as
regular publishers and dealers in newspapers
and periodicals to receive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay the
postage thereon as received, at the same rates
pro rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly in ,
advance; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ontonagon, Michigan, praying the establish-
ment of another judicial district in the upper
peninsula of that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented a
memorial of John S. Beach and others, of New
Haven, Connecticut, praying indemnity for
French spoliations committed between the
years 1793 and 1801; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a joint
resolution of the Legislature of New Jersey,
setting forth that whereas Congress, in view
of the approaching centennial of American in-
dependence, has provided for celebrating that
day by holding a national exhibition of arts,
&c., Congress should pass a law to purchase the
Hall of Independence and the square on which
it stands in the city of Philadelphia, that it
may be formally dedicated to the Republic of
the United States on the 4th day of July,
187G, the money to be expended by Philadel-
phia in erecting a suitable building for the
holding of this international exhibition. I
move the reference of this resolution to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, j
and that it be printed. ^ |
The motion was agreed to. '
Mr. WRIGHT presented additional papers j
in the case of James A. Forgey, of Union j
county, Iowa, for a pension ; which were j
referred to the Committee on Pensions. j
Mr. WINDOM presented the memorial of
the Grand Army of the Republic, department
of Minnesota, adopted at its annual meeting,
for the modification of the homestead law so
that the time of service shall be deducted from
the time required by law for taking land under
the homestead act, and also in favor ot a lib-
eral increase in the payment of pensions to
pensioners of the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Attairs.
He also presented the petition of Frank
Nolen and others, citizens of Wilmington,
Delaware, late soldiers and sailors of the Uni-
ted States Army and Navy, requesting Con-
gress so to modify the homestead law 01 iOth
of May, 1862, and the acts amendatory thereol,
that the time which the soldier or sailor served
in the Army or Navy of the United States
during the war of the rebellion, after two years
actual residence upon his homestead, may be
deducted from the term of five years residence
which the act now requires before he can
acquire title thereto; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Marshall
Alden and others, late ot the Lmted States
Army, praying that the homestead law be so
amended that the time which the soldier or
sailor served in the Army, after two years
actual residence upon his homestead, may be
deducted from the term of live years resi-
dence ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AKD REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. VICKERS, it was
and referred to the Committee on ClaiJM.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was _
Post Roads. „ ,
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, it was
REPORTS 01" COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a bill (S. No. 588) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for the
redemption of the three per cent, temporary
loan certificates, and for an increase of national
bank notes," approved July 12, 1870; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 589) to prohibit the issue and
use of notes or bills as currency in certain
cases ; which was read and passed to the sec-
ond reading.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 443) to provide for
the opening of a military and post road from
the mouth of Walnut river, in Kansas, to the
mouth of the Main Cashe river, in Texas,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. TIPTON. The Committee on Pensions
have directed me to" report back the bill (S.
No. 314) for the relief of Martha .J. Thurs-
ton. Inasmuch as the husband died before
the lieutenant's commission issued to him,
the committee ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
The report was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Frederick Wheeler,
praying to be allowed a pension, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on I< inauce,
to whom was referred the petition of Samuel
Harper, praying to be relieved from the pay-
ment of certain money collected for internal
revenue stamps stolen from him on or about
the 20th of March, 1887, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 590) to charter the Puget Sound and Nor-
folk Oceanic Continental Air-line Railroad
and Telegraph Company, and grant right of
way; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSTON. This bill lias been handed
to me to present to the Senate because it
relates to my State somew hat. I do not. how-
ever, in presenting the bill, pledge myselt to
vote for it.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
591) for the relief of the inhabitants of the
town of Areata, in Humboldt county, Cali-
fornia ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. I will remark in reference to
this bill that it passed both Houses during the
last Congress, but failed to receive the signa-
ture of the President on account of some
imaginary objection on the part of the Inte-
rior Department. I now have some papers,
•which I present -with the bill, that I wish the
committee to refer to that Department and
see if thev have any real objection.
The bill was ordered to be printed, ant,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
No 592) to aid the construction ot the ban
Diego and San Bernardino railroad ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
b6Mr "sPENCER asked, and by una??™°"8
consent obtained, leave to * bil j ^
No. 593) for the relief of Charles W. isisse,
late second lieutenant eighty-second "K'™eri
Illinois volunteers ; which ww read ^xc| by
its title, referred to the Committee on am
tarv Affairand ordered to be printed.
Mr LOGAN asked, and by —^on-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b. No.
