1736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
writers on political economy, from Adam Smith
to the present time, maintain the doctrine that
it is the most just and equitable tax that can
be imposed by a Government. The axiom
that a man should pay according to his income
was laid down by Adam Smith in his great
work on the wealth of nations before the in-
come tax law was offered in the British Parlia-
ment by Mr. Pitt. It is the true and correct
principle of taxation; any other system is un-
equal. A tax on consumption alone is grossly
unequal, hecause it requires a larger propor-
tion of the earnings of a poor man to pay the
taxes for tbe absolute necessaries of life than
it does for the articles consumed by the rich.
Take, for instance, tea, coffee, and sugar ; it
takes just as much of these to satisfy the wants
of the poorest of our citizens as the wealthiest,
and yet the poor man pays just as much tax
for his cheap tea and coffee as the rich pay for
the costliest, John Stuart Mill, in his work
on political economy, speakiug of an income
tax, after mentioning the exemptions that
should be made, says :
" An income tax fairly assessed on these principles
wo^ld be in point of justico the leaat exceptionable
of all taxes."
Our American writers on political economy
sustain the position taken by Smith and main-
tained by Mill. Mr. Walker, lecturer on polit-
ical economy in Amherst College, in his work
on the science of wealth, when speaking of the
income tax, says:
"It is unnecessary to say that this tax is in per-
fect accordance with the first maxim laid down by
Adam Smith, 'that every man should be taxed ac-
cording to tho revenue lie derives under tho State,'
fynd also consistent with every other principle we
have stated. It is'clear and plain ' to the contrib-
utor and every other person. The income-tax payer
knows when and how much ho pays, and it can be
collected as conveniently and economically as any
other."
" Of all modes of taxation this is tho most just and
equitablo. livery man can afford to pay according
to his income, and ought to do so. There is no other
perfect, standard of taxation ; nonootlier which does
not inflict more or less hardship and injustice."
" Were it to supersede all other forms of taxation
perfect equality would bo established. Property
and labor would bear each its j ust share of the pub-
lic burdens."
Mr. Walker then proceeds to answer some
of tbe objections urged against this tax, which
I quote :
"The objection to this form of taxation is the diffi-
culty of ascertaining- what a person's actual income
is. In tho first place, it is said that many do not
know their own atlairs so as to be able to state their
true income, 'i'horc is doubtless much of truth in
this; but the very fact that, such a tax is certain to
bo enforced every year will, in a short time, remove
this difficulty to a.considerable extent, because men
will bo compelled so to keep their accounts as to
know what they gain or lose. The operation of the
law in this respect, therefore, is favorable to private
interest." *>**• •#**
"Secondly, it is said that some men will be dis-
honest in their disclosures and statements, and
therefore a correct result cannot bo reached. That
many men are dishonest there can be no doubt; but
when the law taxing incomes is regularly enforced
from year to year, the difficulty of concealment on
the part of the tax-payer is constantly increasing.
His neighbors atid competitors in business have an
©ye upon him it they believe he is making fal.se
statements, and he cannot long escape detection.
* * * * X Sfc * ^
. "The immense difference between the reported
incomes of tbe United States in 1864 and those of
1863, even after allowing for the general rise of
prices, serves to give an idea of the advance that
will naturally be made in the application of the
income tax." «**** «
"Tho third objection made is that men do not
always like to have their incomes known. But why
should they not? We have already said that in the
matter ol taxation all are copartners, having a pro
rata iuterest; what one does not pay another must.
AU, therefore, may rightfully demand such inform-
ation as shall furnish the means of assessing a cor-
rect tax." ******
. " Our purpose is.to show that so far as practicable
it (the income taxy is the most just and economical
mode of raising a revenue."
And again Mr. Walker says:
"The income-tax principle, if universally adopted,
while it would doubtiejs relieve poll-tax payers of
their present taxation, would at the same time bring
their interests into harmony with those of property-
tnx payers, and thus promote tho general welfare of
the public."
Mr. Speaker, I eould take up the entire time
allowed me in quoting from authors on polit-
ical economy in support of the justness of this
tax, but I shall content myself with but one
other quotation, and that from an American
author. Mr. A. L. Perry, professor in Williams
College, in his work on political economy, says :
"An income tax, if the exact amount of income
could in all cases be ascertained, would be a perfectly
unexceptionable form of taxation."
Again, when speaking of the income tax
under the law of 1863, he says:
" The income law at present in force in the United
States has perhaps been subject to less complaint than
the manufacturers' tax and other forms of indirect
taxation; and it is becoming more and more pro-
ductive every year, as the forms are perfected," &c.
But, sir, it is further urged that the income
tax is an expensive tax to collect,, that its
continuance would prevent the discharge of a
vast horde of internal revenue assessors and
collectors, and the cost of their continuance
in office would be equal to the amount derived
by the Government from the tax. This objec-
tion is urged with seeming earnestness by
those who oppose this tax. Why, sir, the
whole cost or expense of collecting the inter-
nal revenue tax, including the whisky tax,
the tobacco tax. in fact, all that is derived
under the internal tax, for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1871, amounted to
$9,001,680 71, an average of about six and
one third per cent., while the amount received
by the Government from the income tax alone
during the year 1871 was $19,1G2,650 75.
Instead of being expensive, it is tbe cheapest
tax collected under the internal revenue sys-
tem Except the tax on hanks.
This taxis collected from corporations, such
as railroads and manufacturing companies, in
a single sum and in large amounts, with com-
paratively little or no cost, and the official
report of the Secretary of the Treasury made
four years ago shows that while the general
average cost to the Government of collecting
taxes was between three and four per cent.,
the estimated cost of collecting the income
tax was not over two per cent.
_ This tax from its very nature ia less expen-
sive in its collection than any tax on the in-
ternal revenue tax-list. Take, for instance,
tho railroad companies and other large corpor-
ations ; the income tax on their dividends is
collected in a single sum and in large amounts
with comparatively little or no cost, except it
is swelling the salaries paid to the collectors.
The tax on the incomes derived from sala-
ries is collected or retained by the disbursing
officers without, any cost whatever. This tax
is ^collected mainly m less than twenty-five dis-
tricts, and these districts include our large
cities and money centers, where the wealth of
the country is concentrated. They are wealthy
districts, and from the very nature of the in-
ternal revenue system, so long as Government
officials superintend the assessments and col-
lections deputy assessors and collectors must
be provided for them, to collect the special
taxes on whisky and fobacco. and on beer-
shops, &e., so that should the income tax be
discontinued altogether it would not enable
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to dis-
pense with the services or dismiss from his
employment a single deputy assessor or col-
lector within any district in the United States.
Sir, there is no one more anxious than my-
self to rid the country of the vast horde of
Federal officeholders who are eating out the
substance of the people, and have, by their
stupendous frauds, peculations, and defalca-
tions, brought shame and disgrace upon the
American name. But this consummation so
devoutly to be wished cannot be realized by
the discontinuance or repeal of the income
tax. We can rid the people of the horde cf
internal revenue officers by letting the States
through their revenue agents collect the special
taxes, and I shallcheertully, when the oppor-
tunity offers, vote for an amendment to the
revenue laws looking to this end. By this
means I am satisfied there would be less
cheating, fewer thefts and defalcations, fairer
assessments, and a much larger sum realized
by the Government than under the present
mode of collection, beside a large saving in
the salaries paid to officers and the fees for
collection.
It is said the income tax is odious and un-
popular. Who ever knew or heard of a tax
,that was not odious and unpopular with those
who had it to pay? We all like the security
and protection that Government affords; yet
selfishness getting the better of us, we would
like to avoid paying anything toward support-
ing it. But Governments cannot be carricd
on or maintained without taxes. And who,
Mr. Speaker, are more interested in the main-
tenance of Government, than the possessors
of wealth and property ?
The Government, it is true, protects all
alike, the rich and poor, in the enjoyment
of liberty and life, but it goes'further in its
guardianship of the fortunate possessor of
property, by throwing its strong arm around
him, in protecting and securing his right to
its use and enjoyment. The courts are all
open, and give to him the power of their
judgments to enforce this right, and the whole
power of the Army stands ready to vindicate
its maintenance. It is therefore the possess-
ors of property that are most interested in
the continuance and maintenance of Govern-
ments ; it is they who would suffer most
should disaster befall theState. Yef, sir, not-
withstanding this, the possessors of the wealth
and property of the country, blinded bv greed,
have kept up a constant clamor against the
income tax, and by its repeal have sought, to
evade the payment of their just portion of
the tax that is necessary for the support of the
Government to which they owe so much.
Mr. Speaker, it is urged that this tax is un-
necessary ; that more is now collected from
the people than is consistent with an econom-
ical administration of the Government. Icon-
cede, sir, that there is more money collected
from the people under our tax system than is
necessary to meet the requirements of Gov-
ernment economically administered, lam as
desirous as any one to seethe supplies cut down
to the lowest possible point, thereby putting
an end to the wasteful extravagance and the
criminal squandering of the public money that
have characterized the present Administra-
tion. I want to see a return by all depart-
ments of Government to the good old rule that
was observed during the better days of the
Republic, of rigid and unflinching economy in
the disbursement of the public moneys. This
result, so much desired by the people of this
country, I am aware, sir, can only be ob-
tained by abolishing in some respects, and
largely reducing in others, the taxes imposed
under the tariff and internal tax system.
But, Mr. Speaker, what argument can be
urged in favor of the repeal or discontinuance
of the income tax that will not and does not
apply with fourfold force to the repeal of the
stamp tax, and the tax on tea, coffee, salt, and
many other articles that I care not now to enum-
erate? The stamp tax yields within $5,000,000
as much as the income tax. It reaches out aud
takes hold of every man's business, the rich
and poor alike. All transactions are subject
to its interference. The title-bonds and title-
deed in the sale and conveyance of land, bills
of exchange and promissory notes, checks,
draffs, and orders for money, and bonds of
all kinds, must bear the hated impress of this
most odious tax.
This tax is to-day and has been throughout
its continuance the most unpopular and odi-
ous of any tax imposed by the Government.
It should be repealed; and I hope, sir, when
the Committee of Ways and Means revise our
tax system, they will relieve the industries and
business of the country from the stamp duties.
The tariff on salt, while it yields to the Gov-
ernment about two million dollars in revenue,
takes from the pockets of the people, by reason
of the enhancement of price, from eight to ten
