3528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. May 16,
that the entry was made in good faith and that
the failure of the settler was not from his own
neglect, approve the case and issue patent in
the usual manner, provided that such entries
have not heretofore been canceled by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The third section provides that in all cases
of entries of public lands under the home-
stead laws, where the lands so entered have
been abandoned and subsequently reentered
under those laws by the same orother parties,
and where such subsequent entries are, under
the rulings of the Secretary of the Interior,
dependent for their validity upon the legality
of the affidavits in the original entries, those
affidavits are legalized and confirmed so as to
protect the persons making such subsequent
entries who have in good faith complied with
the provisions of the homestead laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. This seems to be a very
excellent bill; but still it is very important,
and I hope it will be reported again.
The Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. My colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Rusk,] desires to offer an amendment. I yield
to him.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend by striking
out the last section; and I ask that a letter of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
(jrENERAL liANI) Of'FICE,
Washington, D. 0., Mat, 10,1872.
Sir : I have had the honor to receive House bill
No. 2293, to legalize entries of public lands under
the homestead laws in certain cases.
The purpose of the act is to legalize and confirm the
illegal affidavit in certain homestead cases where the
entries have been canceled. The cancellation has
in no case been because of the illegality of the affi-
davit, but because of the subsequent abandonment
or relinquishment of the land by the party. I am
unable, therefore, to see any benefit to ensue from
the passage ot the act as the entries are now dead,
the parties having left the land and laying no claim
to the tracts. It has occurred in a number of cases
that entries of this character have been made upon
land found to be in the limits of railroad land grants,
and upon the fraudulent character of the affidavit
being shown the land has been awarded to the rail-
road company on the ground that such a claim can-
not defeat the railroad right, and that in a question
between the company and the United States their
title should be recognized.
In some cases parties have settled upon the lands
and claimed them under the homestead or preemp-
tion laws, on the ground that the tracts wore
Government land, but we are unable to recognize
their right to the tract where the fraudulent char-
acter of the original claim is shown. The effect of
the act would be to legalize the canceled entry, an
entry no longer claimed by the original party, and
thus in effect to take the lands from the railroad
grant and open them'to subsequent applicants.
I consider that the railroad companies now have a
vested right to the tracts, and the bill, if it becomes
a law, would invite persons to enter said lands only
to go into litigation with the railroad in the courts,
as I do not presume that the companies would sur-
render the lands without judicial proceedings, and
I cannot see how the courts could, under the law, do
otherwise tban award the right to the road.
I have therefore drawn up a substitute for the
bill presented, which also embodies relief tor the
class of settlers not now provided for by law, and
would recommend its passage in lieu of the one you
submit.
Yours, respectfully, _
WILLIS DRTJMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. H. Ketciiam,
Chairman Committee of the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the substitute
mentioned in that letter will be read.
Mr. HAWLEY. It is the substitute which
has been read. The bill to which the Com-
missioner refers was the original bill, which
■was referred by the committee to the Commis-
siotier of the General Land Office, that we
might obtain his views upon it. As he states
in the letter, he prepared a substitute, being
the first two sections of the bill read to-night.
The third section has been attached by the
committee; and I have reported the whole as
a substitute for the original hill.
I desire to say a word in explanation of this
substitute. Its object will be seen at once.
It refers to the law of March 21, 1864, which
was intended as an amendment to the original
homestead law of 1862. The third section of
that law provided that persons under certain
circumstances might make affidavit for the
purpose of acquiring a homestead right, al-
though they themselves were not upon the
land, in case any member of their family was
upon it.
Now, many persons who were either igno-
rant of the law or who misconstrued it, made
these affidavits for the purpose of availing
themselves ofthe homestead law, without being
upon the land and without a member of their
family being upon it at the time the affidavit was
made. Thus'they failed to bring themselves
within the terms - and condition of the home-
stead law. This bill is intended to remedy that
defect.
The third section goes still further. It is well
known, that in grants of land made to railroads
from time time there have been provisions
restricting the grants, limiting them, so tbey
should not affect the rights of settlers under
the homestead or preemption laws, or affect
the reservations theretofore made. I differ,
and I think the committee differ, with the con-
struction made by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office on that question. Iam clearly
of the opinion that when a grant is made to a
railroad for the construction of a road, all the
lands then taken up at the time under the
homestead law are excluded from that grant
under the provisions of that law. If, therefore,
for any reason whatever the homestead set-
tler chooses to perfect his title to the land, by
virtue of what authority can the railroad be-
come entitled to that which is passed at the
time of the passing of the law making the
grant? That is the very point here. It is to
remedy that defect in the existing law and'to
correct an improper and unjust ruling of the
Department.
I do not understand, Mr. Speaker, there is
any objection to the first and second sections
of this bill. If there is I do not know of it.
The objection goes to the third section only.
I will yield now to the gentleman from Wis-
consin.
Mr. BUSK. The first, and second sections
of the bill arc the same as those recommended
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. The third section overturns the ruling
of the Secretary of the Interior and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in refer-
ence to these matters. That was the reason I
moved to strike it out. I see no reason why
we should not stand by the decision of the
Secretary of the Interior. Let us make the
laws and let him carry them out. The last
section is in substance the bill which was
originally introduced.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Read that third
section, so we may understand what it is.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That in all cases of entries of public lands
under the homestead laws, where the lands so
entered have been abandoned and subsequently
reentered under said homestead laws by the same
or other parties, and where such subsequent entries
are, under the rulings of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, dependent ior their validity upon the legality
of the affidavits in said original entries, said affida-
vits are hereby legalized and confirmed so as to pro-
tect the persons making such subsequent entries
who have in good faith complied with the provisions
of the homestead laws.
Mr. HAVENS. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Rusk] misapprehends the purpose and effect
of the third section of this bill, and in order that
it may be understood, I will call attention to
the fact that in 1864 Congress passed an act
amendatory of the original homestead act, by
which it was provided that the affidavit which,
under the original act, was required to be
made before the register or receiver of the
local land office, might, in certain cases, be
made before the clerk of the court of the
county in which the party making the entry
resided. One of the conditions necessary to
be complied with by parties making the affida-
vits before county clerks was that at the time
of making them they should have located upon
the land. If they were made before the regis-
ter or the receiver under the original act, the
parties might-go upon the land within six
months afterward; thus making the distinc-
tion that in one case the party might go upon
the land after making the affidavit while in the
other he must have first located upon the land.
Thousands of the people in the West misun-
derstood this distinction. The land officers
did not understand it themselves, and permit-
ted the affidavits to be made before clerks
upon precisely the same conditions as if they
had been made before registers or receivers.
The affidavits so made were followed up by
settlement and cultivation, as the original act
required; and the lands so entered are to-day
the farms and homes of thousands of thrifty,
enterprising settlers. And yet, unless Congress
will interpose and legalize the irregular affida-
vits, these people are liable to see their pos-
sessions stripped from them and transferred to
princely railroad corporations.
Mr. Speaker, this bill does not propose to
dispense with any of the proofs necessary to
perfect title in other cases. The same proof
of settlement and cultivation are to be required
as if the affidavits had been strictly regular.
But the third section reaches further. The
original grant to the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
road Company reserved from its operation all
homestead and preemption rights. After the
making of the grant to this railroad company
many parties who had previously made home-
stead entries abandoned them, and under the
decision of the Secretary of the Interior the
abandoned lands reverted, not to the railroad
company, but to the General Government; and
parties were permitted to go upon and re-
homestead them precisely as they might any
other public lands of Government.
It is now held under a recent ruling of the
Commissioner of the Land Office, which is in
substance stated in the letter which has been
read at the Clerk's desk, that in cases where
there was fraud in making these original entries
the* lands revert, not to the Government, but
to the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company.
And very strangely and unjustly the Commis-
sioner holds that the affidavits referred to which
were not preceded by settlement were fraud-
ulent, thus sustaining the claim of the railroad
company to the homesteads of hundreds of
honest settlers who confided in the good faith
of the Government that permitted and induced
them to settle upon lands which the Secretary
of the Interior decided had reverted uncon-
ditionally to the Government, and were open
to relocation. Sir, the ruling that the affida-
vits to which I have referred were fraudulent
is harsh and cruel, especially as it comes in
the interests of a wealthy corporation against
pioneer settlers, and in the face of former
rulings which induced those settlers to invest
their all in the effort to secure homes for them-
selves and their families, which are to be
snatched away by it. It is notorious that in
some land districts more than half ofthe home-
stead entries were irregular as to the character
of the affidavits, and that there was no more
purpose of fraud than if the affidavits had been
made before the proper officer. In the land
district in which I reside perhaps four fifths
of them were made before the clerks of courts;
and they were not in fact fraudulent. The
presumption that all such entries are fraud-
ulent because they were abandoned, and that
therefore the lands revert to the rairoad
company instead of the Government, has the
effect of taking from several hundred men,
in the congressional district which I have the
honor to represent, their homes and their
farms—all they are worth in the world-—and
transferring them to a grasping railroad cor-
poration.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that such a ruling
is monstrous, and I do not believe that this
Congress will become a party to so flagrant
a breach of faith toward a worthy class of
