2632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
few words upon this amendment on Friday,
•when it was first proposed, with regard to the
propriety of referring the subject to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I am clear that such
a motion is proper, and should prevail.
The creation of the Court of Claims in 1855
was for the express object of relieving the two
Houses of Congress from the examination of
this class of cases of which the constitution of
the two Houses rendered them peculiarly un-
fitted properly to take cognizance. The erec-
tion of that tribunal, in which individuals hav-
ing claims against the Government of the U nited
States arising out of matters of contract with
the Government, contracts either express or
implied, was found to be necessary, from the
fact that it almost became the- rule that mer-
itorious claims failed to receive the assent
of Congress, and those which were paid were
those which had least merit and justice, and
had a fictitious or fraudulent basis. After
a long experience, the Court of Claims was
erected for the purpose of establishing a tri-
bunal with the proper machinery for the admin-
istration of justice between the Government
and its citizens, and to protect the Treasury
against fraudulent and fictitious claims, and to
enable a suitor under the great principles of
right to obtain redress speedily and without
undue trouble or expense.
I do not propose to recapitulate all the rea-
sons for the creation of that court. If there
were none other than that it would destroy the
tribe of lobbyists, that it would remit these
questions to a tribunal where outside and im-
proper influences could have no effect, that
of itself would be such a blessing to the
country, and so positively demanded, as alone
to be sufficient to recommend the creation of
such a court if it did not already exist. But
Congress did in 1855 create this tribunal, and
I submit to the intelligence of Senators whether
the Court of Claims, as it has been conducted,
both in regard to the substantial results, in re-
gard to the ability—the high order of ability
and integrity which has been displayed by the
gentlemen who have controlled its delibet-
ations—has not amply justified the wisdom of
Congress in putting it in operation. There
cannot be in this country two opinions among
disinterested and intelligent men on that sub-
ject.
In July, 1870, an attempt was made to in-
terfere with the jurisdiction of that court and
to control its judgments. No one has charged
or even suspected that the scales of justice
have not been fairly and equably held. No
one has impeached the legality, or at least the
intended legality of the decisions of the tri-
bunal. The Government has always been
represented before that tribunal by its own
officers, with the assistance of such counsel as
have been called in for the trial of special
cases. There has been ample representation
to protect the Treasury against any undue
claim, and there is withal the right of appeal
from the judgments of that court to the Su-
preme Court m all cases where the represent-
atives of the Government see fit to demand it.
What opportunity, therefore, is there for an
erroneous judgment to be rendered? What
chance is there for loss to the Government?
Certainly there is none. The interests of the
Government are as fully protected as intelli-
gent care could possibly protect them. But
in the appropriation act of 1870, upon a bill
in no way connected with the subject, without
any notification that there was an intention to
change the law establishing the jurisdiction of
this court, without reference to or report from
any committee who had duly examined it, au
amendment, which was in itself a law depriv-
ing the court of its jurisdiction, nay, further,
reaching to the unprecedented and most un-
warranted extent of almost ordering a coordin-
ate branch of this Government what judgments
they should render iutheexerc;seoftheirown
independent jurisdiction, was attached to one
of the appropriation bills.
Mr. President, I cannot but consider pro-
curing legislation by such amendments to
appropriation bills as a vicious system. The
then Senator from Missouri offered an amend-
ment, which has been subsequently known by
his name as the Drake amendment., to the
appropriation bill of 1870, which had the
direct effect of interfering with the independ-
ent judgment of this tribunal which we had
erected for the purpose of ascertaining the
justice or the contrary of claims against the
Government of the United States, and con-
tained elements which were utterly shocking
and repugnant to my sense of justice and pro-
priety, the adoption of which at that time I
and a few others who acted with me endeav-
ored to defeat, but which nevertheless became
the law of the land pro forma by the vote of '
Congress, and received the assent of the Exec-
utive.
That is called the Drake amendment ; but
whether Mr. Drake had anything to do with the
preparation of that amendment may very well
be doubted. That he was merely put forward
as the figure-head to offer it and procure its
adoption, is a thing that may very well be
believed. Nevertheless, it was adopted, to the
scandal of the legislation of this country. It
was a direct attempt to invade the clear prerog-
atives of the Executive to grant pardons.
There is not within the powers delegated
under the Constitution of the United States
a more unreserved, distinct, explicit grant of
power than that of pardon. There is but one
class of cases in which the power of pardon is
withheld from the President. By the second
section of the second article of the Constitu-
tion it is provided:
"He [the President] shall have power to grant re-
prieves and pardons lor offenses against the United
States, except in cases of impeachment."
There is not ill the Constitution a more dis-
tinct, explicit, unrestrained grant of power
than is there made to the Executive. The
object and the effect of the Drake amend-
ment was to invade and limit that power, and,
with ingenuity most discreditable in my opin-
ion, to turn an act of grace, of pardon granted
to a repentant citizen, into an act of conclu-
sive condemnation. Sir, such a law has no
precedent in civilized legislation of which I
have any knowledge. That a man should be
| invited to come forward to ask for amnesty, to
! ask for pardon, to have it granted to him upon
conditions, to perform those conditions, and
then find that, that which he was induced to
apply for under a fair promise, that which he
obtained under the liberal, the beneficent, the
Christian features of the charter of his coun-
try's Government, was by legislative legerde-
main turned into proof conclusive of his guilt
that should exclude him from the very benefits
that the pardon was designed to obtain for
him, would certainly seem shocking to the
moral sense of mankind. Such was the opin-
ion that I and the minority in® this Chamber
held and expressed at the time of the adoption
of the amendment. Such were the opinions
that we expressed subsequently when an at-
tempt was made to repeal this Drake amend-
ment, but with ill-success.
Since that time, however, that amendment
has passed under the criticism of the tribunal
of last resort in this country for the adjudica-
tion of our laws, and it has beeu condemned
in so positive, in so significant a manner, that
so far as my knowledge extends there has been
no precedent in which the Supreme Court have
so unhesitatingly and unreservedly condemned
the invalidity of an act of Congress as in the
case of this same Drake amendment. At
the December term, 1871, in the case of the
United States appellants vs. John A. Klein,
surviving administrator of Victor F. Wilson,
deceased, the opinion of the court was delivered
by the Chief Justice, and so far as the invalid
ity of the, Drake amendment was concerned
the opinion was unanimous. I shall not trou-
ble the Senate at this time with reading the
whole of this opinion, or even large extracts
from it, but will simply draw their attention
and the attention of the country to the fact
that in speaking of this amendment to the
appropriation bill, an amendment in no way
germane to the bill to which it was attached,
the last bill in the world in which persons
would have looked for such a legislative enact-
ment, so grave, so sweeping in its conse-
quences, so utterly defeating the great object,
or what should be the great object of the Gov-
ernment of this country, to produce an era of
reconciliation and good feeling between the
citizens so lately involved in unhappy strife,
the Supreme Court, in passing upon the action
of Congress, declare—
"We must think that Congress has inadvertent! y
passed the limit which separates the legislative from
thejudicial power."
And further:
" Congress has already provided that the Supreme
Court shall have jurisdiction of the judgment of the
Court of Claims on appeal. Can it prescribe a rule
in conformity with which the court must deny to
itself the jurisdiction thus conferred, because and
only because its decision, in accordance with settled
law, must be adverse to the Government and favor-
able to the suitor? This question seems to us to
answer itself.
" Therule prescribedis alsoliabletojustexception
as impairing the effect of a pardon, and thus infring-
ing the constitutional power of tne Executive.
"It is the intention of the Constitution that cach
of the great coordinate departments of the Gov-
ernment, the legislative, the executive, and the
judicial, shall be in its sphere independent of the
Others. To the Executive alone is intrusted, the
power of pardon ; and it is granted without limit.
Pardon includes amnesty. It blots out the offense
pardoned, and removes all its penal consequences.
It may be granted on conditions. In these particular
pardons, that no doubt might exist as to their char-
acter, restoration of property was expressly pledged,
and the pardon was granted on condition that the
person who availed himself of it should take and
keep a prescribed oath.
"Now, itis clear that the Legislature cannot change
theeffectof such a pardon any more than theExec-
utive can change a law. Yet this is attempted by
the provision under considerat:on. The court is
required to receive special pardons as evidence ot
guilt, and to treat them as null and void. It is re-
quired to disregard pardons granted by proclama-
tion on condition, though the condition has been
tulhlied, and to deny them their legal effect. This
certainly impairs the executive authority and
directs the court to be instrumental to that end.
" We think it is unnecessary to enlarge. The sim-
plest statement is tile best. We repeat, that it is
impossible to believe that this provision was not
inserted in the appropriation bill through inadvert-
ence, and that we shall not best fulfill the deliber-
ate will of the Legislature by denying the motion to
dismiss and affirming the judgment of the Court of
Claims, which is accordingly done."
Now, Mr. President, granting to those Sen-
ators who voted for that amendment that
which they are entitled to, the belief that
they conceived that they were not transgress-
ing the constitutional limitations upon their
power, that they were not invading the clear
prerogatives of the President, that either
through inadvertence or by mere human
error, and by honest mistake, yet, neverthe-
less, should not the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States directly iti point
upon au act of legislation by Congress, when
expressed clearly and distinctly, have some
effect, and some restraining effect upon Con-
gress, and be accepted by the country as con-
clusive upon the principles of constitutional
law embraced within its scope ?
I submit to the Senate and to the country
that this insubordination to the judgment of
our highest courts is an evil symptom of oui
day. Why should this attempt be made to
override the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States; if notio override it, to
undermiue it; if not to go through it or over
it, to evade it? for such will be the result
of this act, whatever may be its object. Of
objects and intent we cauuot speak ; but of
results we certainly can, and it is reason and
logic and law that a man should be held to
inteudthat which is the necessary result of his
acts.
I submit to the Senate that the Supreme
Court of the United States have passed upon
this question, upon the power of Congress to
interfere to restrict or qualify the presiden-
