1872.
THE COKGB1SSIONAL GLOBE.
841
that country greater than would be produced by
many ordinary wars. It is estimated that the loss
sustained by the capture and burning of American
vessels has been about fifteen million dollars, or
nearly three million pounds sterling. But that is a
email part of the injury which has been inflicted on ,
the Amerioan marine.. We have rendered the rest I
of her vast mercantile property for the present i
valueless under the system of free trade by which j
the commerce of the world is now so largely carried
on. If you raise the rate of insurance on the flag of I
any maritime power, you throw the trade into the  
hands of its competitors, because it is no longer i
profitable for merchants or manufacturers to employ
ships to carry freight when those vessels became >
liable to war risks. I have here one or two facts
which I should like to lay before the honorable and
learned gentleman in order to show the way in which
this has been operating. When he has beard them
he will see what a cruel satire it is to say that our
laws hare been found sufficient to enforce oar neu-
trality. I hold in my hand an account of the foreign
trade of New York for the quarter ending June 30,
1880, and also for the quarter ending June 39,1S63,
which is the last date up to which a comparison
is made. I find that the total amount of the foreign
trade of New York for the first-mentioned period
was 892,000,000, of which $62,000,000 were carried in
American bottoms and 430,000,000 in foreign.
"Thisstate of things rapidly changed as the war
continued, for it appears tnat for the quarter ending
June 30,1863, the total amount of the foreign trade
of New York was $88,000,000, of which amount
$23,000,000 were carried in American vessels, and
$66,000,000 in foreign: the change brought about
being that while in 1860 two thirds of the commerce
of 2>few York was carried on in American bottoms,
in 1863 three fourths was carried on in foreign bot-
toms. You see, therefore, what a complete revolu-
tion must have taken place in the value of Ameri-
can shipping ; and what has been the consequence?
That a very large transfer has been made of Ameri-
can shipping to English owners, because the pro-
prietors no longer found it profitable to carry on
their business. A document has been laid on the
table which gives us some important information on
this subject."
And then lie goes into the details, bringing
the figures at tbafc time, as you will perceive,
down to 1863. The book which I hold in my
hand, from which I read Mr. Cobden's words,
is a book which was published with a view to
public information preceding this very treaty,
and which was circulated everywhere, and of
which I have no doubt not only the British
Government but all her representatives here
had copies before this treaty was considered
and acted upon. It is the very valuable book
of Mr. Beaman, which was printed in the win-
ter of 1870-71, and covers the statement of this j
whole case. In this book of his he again seta i
forth, in the strongest language, not only the j
actual damage to our vessels as a ground of
claim, but also all the indirect, as they are some-
times called, but more properly called the direct
natural and consequential damages growing
out of these acts; and he states them much in
the way that Mr. Oobden does, only, perhaps,
in a more summary and concise manner. He
states them as grounds for consideration and
grounds for claim on the part of our Gov-
ernment. I will read only one clause of this,
because I am asking the indulgence of the
Senate to make these remarks:
" The cscape of and burnings by the Florida, Ala-
bama, and other vessels greatly increased the hopes
and expectations of the insurgents, and on that
account the contest was very much prolonged. That
contest cost the United States $4,000,000,000,
'' Let any one think of that amount and make his
own estimate of-,how much less the United States
would have been i/'oliged to expend if the queen's
proclamation of neutrality bad never been issued,
find if the Florida and Alabama bad never escaped
from Liverpool.
" In this connection, remember that a large num-
ber of United States war vessels were for four years
employed in seeking to prevent the escape of some
Florida or Alabama from a British port, or in vainly
.-enrobing for her over the ocean; and remember that
these same United States vessels could have been
used more effectually to close the southern ports, if
tbey had not been needed for this other purpose.
"These damages to the nation can only be approx-
imated at, but their existence is certain and the
amount is monstrous. Those are the words of Cob-
den :
"' You have been carrying on hostilities from these
chores against tho people of the United States, and
have been inflicting an amount of damage on that
country greater than would be produced by many
ordinary wars.'"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the unfinished
business is before the Senate, being the amnesty
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope my
colleague will be allowed to finish his re-
marks.
The_ VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objeetaon, the unfinished business will be passed
over, subject to a demand for the regular order,
and the Senator from Vermont will resume
his remarks on his resolution. The Chair
bears no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This, then, is the record
evidence we have which demonstrates beyond
any reasonable cavil not only that the letter
and text of the treaty fairly includes the mak-
ing of these claims—I do not say the paying
of them, that is one of the matters which we
agreed to arbitrate; it maybe that they will
be decided against us; that is another ques-
tion. But the right to make these claims
and have the fair and unbiased judgment of
the tribunal of arbitration upon them, is found
in the very letter of the treaty. It is found
in the fact that for years the English Govern-
ment and nation had had notice of the fact
that these damages were accruing; had had
notice of the feet that they were a part of the
claim and part of the ground for reimburse-
ment which the people of the United States
thought was a just and proper ground for
reimbursement.
Now, Mr. President, what does this mean?
It would look almost like a pretext for revok-
ing the treaty or a contrivance to exert an
external influence upon the arbitrators preju-
dicial to our case before them, if the Govern-
ment or Parliament of Great Britain were to
assume the attitude imputed to them by the
press reports. If it be the first, then let us
say amen and enter no more into treaties with
Powers who are so ready and willing to break
them, and be ready at the proper time to vin-
dicate the honor and enforce the just claims of
our country. Contrary to the plain meaning of
this treaty on another topic, as well as to the
universal understanding of the American Gov-
ernment and people, the confederate loan has
been made the subject of a claim on the part
of British subjects before the commissioners
sitting at Washington, and the judgment of
that body has been taken upon it, happily, in
favor of our own Government; but it remains,
if the fact be as is asserted, for the British
Government to fly in the face of its most
solemn stipulation because we make a claim
which its own statesmen had pointed out,
which onr own statesmen had expounded and
upheld, which had been made public every-
where, and which was brought directly to the
notice of that Government in these very nego-
tiations, and which it had by unmistakable
language in the treaty agreed to have tried
and decided.
But if the motive of the English nation in its
supposed attitude be the other one I have men-
tioned, namely, to exert an influence from
withouton the minds of the tribunal at Geneva,
and as it may be called to prejudice or over-
awe the jury through clamor and passion,
then the sooner that fact is known the bet-
ter for all parties concerned.
I am reluctant. Mr. President, to believe that
either of these Alternatives exists, but in view
of the known history of these affairs it is
almost impossible to imagine any other, if
indeed the whole report is not a newspaper
canard, as I trust in the interest of peace and
honor it may be. If, however, upoa obtain-
ing this information, which I hope we shall
ask for, it shall appear that these reports are
true, it will be a subject for earnest considera-
tion, and steps of preparation and precaution
should be taken in order that our honor and
our just rights may be upheld. I hope, there-
fore, that this resolution may be adopted at
this time unanimously.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr, President, it is
not my purpose in rising to discuss the ques-
tions which have been discussed in a prepared
speech by the Senator from Vermont. It
seemed to me that the resolution, as I heard
it read at the desk, carried an improper im-
plication with it. I do not think we should
adopt a resolution in this body on the assump-
tion that the British Government is going to
repudiate a solemn treaty it has made. If I
am correctly informed, Parliament has not
yet assembled, and we have no information
upon this subject, except some newspaper
reports. Ia the Government of the United
States or the Senate of the United States
to take action on newspaper reports, which
the Senator tells us may be a mere news-
paper eanard, in reference to a solemn treaty?
And is the implication to be made by us
in advance, before Parliament has assem-
bled, on some newspaper report, that the
British Government is about to repudiate its
solemn treaty? Why, sir, if you wanted to
bring about a repudiation of the treaty, one
of the ways to accomplish it perhaps would
be to charge upon your adversary that he was
going to repudiate it before he had taken any
acts indicating such a course.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to make a
single remark. If I am not mistaken, Parlia-
ment meets to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. To-day.
Mr. THURMAN. If so, we shall have the
queen's speech to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it will be time
enough to take some action: but this is in
advance of the meeting of Parliament; we
have no information of the meeting of Parlia-
ment, and all these remarks are based, as I
understand, upon some newspaper reports.
It strikes me that the latter part of the res-
olution contains an assumption that is very
offensive. It would be offensive if made toward
us, and I think the phraseology of the resolu-
tion should be changed if it is to pass. I have
no reason to suppose, nor do I for a minute
entertain the idea, that the Government of
Great Britain, after having solemnly entered
into a treaty for the settlement of the diffi-
culties that have been long pending between
us, is in advance going to repudiate that treaty.
If she does, let the responsibility be upon her;
but I would not in advance assume that
that Government or any civilized Government
would do such a thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a little surprised
that my good friend from Illinois should be so
alarmed in favor of the British Government.
My resolution proposes no assumption at all.
It is an ordinary resolution of inquiry asking
the President, if compatible with the public
interests, to tell us, in substance, what inform-
ation he may have upon a subject that the
British newspapers declare to be a subject of
consideration by her Majesty's Government,
one not necessarily needing the action of Par-
liament at all, and which the British newspapers
say is based on the ground that is referred
to at the close of my resolution. The resolu-
tion assumes nothing. It only asks the Presi-
dent if these reports are true, if he is willing
to teli us. That is all,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish merely to call
attention to the concluding lines of the reso-
lution. It requests the President to com-
municate certain information "respecting the
alleged intention of the Government of Great
Britain to revoke the treaty lately concluded
between that Government and the United
States, unless the claims of this Government
arising under said treaty shall be presented to
the arbitrators at Geneva upon a principle
and in a manner agreeable to the other party."
Mr. President, is not that on insult to any-
body in reference to a case that you have sub-
mitted to arbitration, to assume that the oppo-
site party will not submit to the arbitration he
has agreed to unless you present your claims
upon a principle and in a manner agreeable to
him?
