1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
citizens, whom the chief officers of the Gov-
ernment by their official acts induced to settle
upon these abandoned lands, by sustaining the
motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Busk] to strike the third section from this bill.
Mr. FINKLENBUBG. I would ask my col-
league [Mr. Havens] whether the sum and
substance of it is this : that as between the
actual settler and the railroad company this
bill relieves the actual settler from the conse-
quences of a technical flaw ?
Mr. HAVENS. That is all.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That is
the whole substance of it.
Mr. HAWLEY. I yield now to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. McCormick.]
Mr. McCOBMICK, of Missouri. I will
occupy tbe time of the House only a very few
moments on this subject. The object of the
bill is merely to relieve homestead settlers of
the consequences of a technical imperfection
in their title to their homesteads. During the
war there were hundreds who volunteered in
defense of their couut.ry wh'o were compelled
to leavethejr homes in the States of Arkansas,
Missouri, Kansas, and other western States,
who, in many instances, had to abandon their
homesteads, and in abandoning their home-
steads they forfeited them under the law.
Many of these men, after the war, returned to
their homes, and in good faith settled upon
their homesteads.
It is now ruled by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, I believe, that these men
have forfeited their homesteads, and that their
rights to those lauds are now vested in the
railroads. I know of no more monstrous prop-
osition ever made than this, or any ruling of
the Land Office that was calculated to work
such injustice as this. I do hope the House
will see the propriety of passing this bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Burdett.]
Mr. BUBDETT. I desire to understand
precisely the situation of this question. If
the statements of the effect of this bill which
have been made by both of my colleagues who
have lately been upon the floor are correct, I
am heartily for the measure. But if I under-
stand aright the reading of the third section,
that section goes far beyond any purpose which
has been expressed by my colleagues as well
as by the gentleman who reports the bill.
I understand the first and second sections
of the bill, which are recommended by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, todo
precisely what it has been heretofore claimed
that the whole bill does, and I believe those
two sections are correct and just; that their
purpose is to say that because a homestead
settler has inadvertently made an affidavit
before a wrong officer he shall not therefore
suffer. That is just and equitable ; but if I
understand the third section aright, it further
says that in the event of a second settler fol-
lowing a first settler, who made a wrong affi-
davit and never went upon the land, and
has been gone a year or more from the land,
in order to make the second settler's title
good this Congress shall say that the first set-
tler made a good title; when, in the first place,
he made no affidavit according to law, and in
the second place never went on the land at all.
Mr. HAVENS. The bill does not provide
any such thing.
Mr. BUBDETT. Very well; I want to
know what it does provide ; but if it does pro-
vide anything of that sort I wish to say that I
do not want such a precedent in legislation
set for me nor for my fellow-citizens.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to answer the ob-
jections made by the gentleman from Missouri.
1 think he is laboring under a very great mis-
take as to the scope of the section. I have
considered it with great care and I believe it
to be a just and proper measure. It is not a
new question here. Legislation has ; been
sought on this question both by the railroad
company and the settler. I believe this bill
to be entirely in the interest of the settlers,
and, as I stated in the outset, it has no more
scope than that its legal effect shall be that it
will prevent the railroad company from taking
lands from the settlers to which they are en*
titled by preemption or under the homestead
law.
Now, then, about legalizing that which is
illegal. It does not legalize the affidavit made
by the first party, but it provides in substance
that the lands which were not subject to the
railroad grants at the time they were made
shall not by reason of defects in the original
affidavits, or by reason of abandonment, be-
come subject to the railroad grant as against
actual homestead or preemption settlers.
Mr. CONGER. If the first settler does not
make a claim for this land the lands would
belong to the railroads.
Mr. HAWLEY. That is the very proposi-
tion that I deny.
Mr. CONGER. Then why does this first
section of the bill provide that the lands shall
be open to settlement?
Mr. HAWLEY. It appears that the rulings
of the land department have been different
on this very question, and we now propose to
say by law that the settlers shall have the
lands, and not the railroad. It simply makes
a reservation from any railroad grant of all
lands, which have been taken up under the
homestead law or preempted. It only affects
the lands upon which there are settlers. It
says to the settler who has taken up lands
there, " They are yours if you comply with the
terms of the law." That is all it says, and I
believe it is a just measure, and 1 hope the
House will stand by the committee and pass
it. As has been stated, there is no objection
to the first and second sections of the bill, and
a motion has been made to strike out, the third
section, which I hope will not prevail.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes?
Mr. HAWLEY. I will yield to the gentle-
man for three minutes.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, the explana-
tion of the chairman of the committee corre-
sponds with my views of the object and
meaning of the section, which is briefly ex-
pressed. The law in regard to homestead
settlers and preemption rights existing is this:
that the rights of the homestead settlers and
of the preemptors should be reserved from the
railroad grant in this case. There were some
claimants to homestead and preemption rights
at the time of the passage of that law who had
filed affidavits, but who had never been upon
the land or claimed the land, and therefore
the land did not come within that exception ;
but other persons subsequently made affidavits
and took the lands of these preeroptois and
homestead settlers. The object of this pro-
vision in this bill is that their settlement shall
relate back to the time when the railroad bill
was passed.
Now, for all who were upon the land when
the law was passed the law provided. But it
did not provide that after those lands were
abandoned, and after the right of the railroad
company had vested in them, settlers could go
upon them one, two, three, four, or ten years
afterward, as the case might be, and because
some persons bad once claimed the land as set-
tlers, they could renew that claim years after-
ward. That I believe to be admitted by the
gentleman to be the object of this bill. And
if that is so, I think itis avery unjust provision.
Mr. HAWLEY. That is not so.
Mr. CONGEB. That is what the gentle-
man said.
Mr. HAWLEY. Not at all. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. We have a great deal of
trouble in understanding what this bill is. It
is a manuscript bill; it has never been printed.
I object at this hour of the night to the pas-
sage of any bill in manuscript that no one has
seen, that no one has read, and that no one
understands. I therefore move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. HAWLEY. I hope the House will not
now adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope it will, or I will with-
draw that motion, and move that the bill be
recommitted in order to be printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field. ) That motion is not in order pending
the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The first question was upon the motion to
strike out the third section of the bill; and
being taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the bill
be laid upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the reading of
the engrossed copy of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. We will soon fix that. I
move that the House non? adjourn, and on that
motion 1 call for the yeas and nays, and dur-
ing that call the bill can be engrossed.
Mr. SARGENT. I will withdraw the call
for the reading of the engrossed copy of tho
bill, although I do not believe that this third
section can be construed intelligibly.
Mr. RANDALL. The call for the reading
of the engrossed copy of the bill being with-
drawn, I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
KNTItUSS ON GRADUATED LANDS.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. t,o confirm certain entries of land
therein named.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
entries of public lands under the act to grad-
uate and reduce the price of the public lands
subject to entry to actual settlers and cultivat-
ors, approved the 4th day of August. 1HG4,
made prior to the passage of this act, in which
the purchaser has made the affidavit and paid
the purchase-money as required by the act,
and the instructions issued and in force, and
in the hands of the register at the time of
making tho entry, are hereby legalized, and
patents shall issue to the parties, respectively,
excepting those entries under the act which
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
may ascertain to have been fraudulently or
evasively made ; provided that the act shall
not be so construed as to confirm any of the
entries which have heretofore been annulled
and vacated by the Commissioner on account
of fraud, evasion of law, orotherspecial cause ;
and provided further that nothing therein con-
laiued shall be so construed as to deprive any
actual settler and cultivator of his right to any
land on which he resided at the time of an
entry by another person under the act to which
this is an amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. The object of this bill
is to quiet title to lands entered under the
graduation act where the titles are imperfect
either for want of form iu the papers or for
want of continuous settlement and residence.
There were various defects as to papers, and
there was a failure of continued residence in
many cases growing out of the circumstances
of the war. The Commissioner of the Land
Office approves this bill- I send to the Cleik s
desk and ask to have read a letter addiessed
to myself, and also the copy of a letter ad-
dressed to a Senator in relation to this bill.
