3530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
The Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., May 2,1872.
Sir: At the request of Hon. Thomas Boles,
I send you a copy of a letter this day addressed
to Hon. T. W. Osborn in relation to Senate bill
No. 1003, which is identical with House bill No.
1626, with reference to the confirmation of lands
entered under the graduation act.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
WILLIS D11UMM0ND,
Commissioner.
Hon. Job E. Stevenson, House of Representatives.
Department of tiie Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, I). CM May 2,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
by reference from J. D. Leggett, esq., clerk to the
Committee on the Public Lands, of Senate bill
No. 1003, with request for my opinion m relation
thereto.
The bill referred to appears to bo in exact terms
the same as the act of March 3,1857, (United States
Statutes,volume eleven, page 186,)which was enacted
for the purpose of confirming entries of graduated
lands made prior to that date.
The effect of this bill, in the event of its. becoming
a law, will be to confirm all entries of that nature
made since that date.
In my annual report I recommended the passage
of some law to meet these cases, but restricted the
recommendation to cases where actual settlement
could be shown.
In view, However, of the fact that the law under
which entries of graduated lands could be made has
for many years been repealed, and no further en-
tries of that nature can be made, I am not disposed
to object to the more comprehensive measure em-
bodied in the bill submitted, especially as its enact-
ment would relieve this office of much work unne-
cessarily imposed upon it in endeavoring to adjust
these entries, and would be m fact a matter of econ-
omy both in time and money.
Very respectfully,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Cu7umisnioner.
Hon. T. W. Osborn,
United States Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have here also the
report of the Commissioner of Public Lands for
the last year upon this subject. I ask the
attention of gentlemen to it.
The report referred to is as follows:
"Attention is respectfully called to a largo num-
ber of unadjusted cases under the act of August 4,
185-1, entitled 'An act to graduate and reduce the
price of public lands to actual settlers and cultiva-
tors.' In all cases where the entries appeared to
be regular they were passed t<Dr patenting, and
patents prepared subject to delivery on proof of
settlement and cultivation subsequent to the entry.
There remain on the files of the General Land Officc
a large number of patents for the class of entries
above reterred to, for which the parties claiming
under the same have never applied. Under the pro-
visions of the act of March 3,18>7, graduation entries
made prior to the passage of the act, in which the
purchaser had made the affidavit and paid the pur-
chase-money as required by the act of August 4,
1854, and the instructions issued under said act in
force and in the hands of the register at the time
when such entries were made, were legalized and
patents ordered to issue without requiring proof of
settlement and cultivation by the purchaser. Under
this act nearly all the entries made prior thereto
have been patented and the patents delivered. On
entries made subsequent to this act, there yet re-
main a number of patents undelivered, which are
only surrendered on proof of continuous settlement
and cultivation from the date of entry to the date
of application for patent, notwithstanding printed
instructions were sent to the registers and receivers
to notify the purchasers that proof of settlement
and cultivation of the lands entered would be re-
quired within one year from the date of entry to
entitle them to patents. In the absence of such
proof, payment of the difference between the grad-
uated price paid and $1 26, the ordinary minimum
price per acre, has been, and still is, required to be
made as a condition-precedent to the delivery of the
patent.
14 In addition to the entries which are held for
proof of settlement and cultivation, but which are
regular in other respects, there are a large num-
ber of cases suspended for other causes, prominent
among which are informalities in the graduation
affidavits; most of these errors, however, are only
clerical. Prior to the repeal of the act of August 4,
1854, the class of errors and informalities just re-
ferred to were reported to the district officers, with
instructions to notify the parties in interest and
allow them to correct them. Many, however, failed
to make the corrections pr offer the proof of settle-
ment and cultivation within one year, as required
by said instructions, In such ca&es we have granted
the parties the privilege of making payment of the
difference between the graduated price and SI 25
per acre, thus placing these claims on the basis of
ordinary cash entries, whereby the graduation affi-
davit and proof ot settlement and cultivation are
dispensed with altogether. Under this privilege a
number of the suspended cases have been disposed
of. The adjustment of this class of claims is both
tedious and difficult, and involves much corre-
spondence; this is mainly due to the fact that in a
majority of the cases now being acted upon, the
parties applying for patents have purchased the
lands in ignorance of the provisions of the law from
those who entered them. In many instances the
present claimants have made valuable improve-
ments on the lands thus purchased, and in other
cases the fact that parties feel secure in their titles
prevents them from making inquiries relative thcro-
to, and consequently this office is unable to reach
them through the ordinary channels, and demand
the additional payment or claim a forfeiture for
non-compliance with the statute.
"In consideration of thelarge amount of this class
of lands, upon which extensive improvements have
been made by parties who are ignorant of their true
status, any action tending toward vacation of these
imperfect entries on the ground of non-compliance
with the statute, or for other cause, must necessarily
work a great hardship to a meritorious class of citi-
zens residing upon and claiming the lands. On the
other hand, there is reason to believe that a very
considerable portion of the entries were made by
unscrupulous parties, in contravention of law, for
the benefit of speculators who relied upon Congress
to confirm the entrios by an act similar to that of
March 3, 1857, dispensing with proof of settlement
and cultivation. Under tho circumstances justice
would seem to dictate the confirmation of all entries
where parties have, in good faith, improved the
lands to which they believed they had acquired per-
fect titles. I would, therefore, respectfully suggest
that an act bo passed by Congress confirming the
entries in all cases where the present owners may
submit, within two years from the passage of tho
act, satisfactory proof that they have made substan-
tial and valuable improvements on the land claimed
by them, and providing, further, that in all cases
where such proof shall not bo submitted within the
time fixed by said act, the entries shall be can-
celed."
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to state that
this bill is the same in terras with the one
introduced by the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Hanks.] The bill actually reported is
that of the other gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Boles,] as the committee happened first
to take up the latter bill. It is due, however,
to the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Hanks]
to say that his was a bill of prior date.
I understand that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] desires to offer an
amendment, and I yield to him,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting after the word 4(paid,"
in the eighth line, the words " or tendered ;n
and in the eleventh line, after the word
il respectively," the words: a provided that
in case of tender the money shall be."
This amendment is designed to provide for
cases where a settler tenders his money, but
the receiver at the iand office, thinking there
is some informality, refuses to take the money.
Mr. STEVENSON. I see no objection to
this amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (H. R. No.
1191) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 13) for the relief of Mrs.
Fanny Kelly;
An act (S. No. 522) to provide for the sale
of the lands of the United States containing
coal j
An act (S. No. 549) for the relief of R. H.
Pr&tt *
An'act (S. No. 672) for the relief of S. D.
Houston, late receiver of public moneys at
Junction City, in the State of Kansas;
An act (S. No. 620) for the sale of the Black
Bob Indian lands in the State of Kansas;
An act (S. No. 636) for the relief of El-
bridge Gerry ; and *
An act (S. No. 1045) to quiet the title ta
certain lands in Dakota Territory.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House
bills of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy;
. An act (H. R. No. 752) to appropriate to
Henry Clay Williams a sum of money found
due him on the adjustment of his accounts ;
An act (H. R. No. 1182) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota;
An act (H. R. No. 1766) to authorize the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change their projected line of railway in
the State of Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 2195) relating to certain
lands in the State of Alabama ;
An act (H. K. No. 2290) regulating the
mode of making private contracts with In-
dians ;
An act (H. R. No. 2631) to withdraw from
settlement and sale a certain section of land in
Wyoming Territory; and
An act (H. R. No. 2685) to establish an
additional land district in the Territory of
Dakota.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bills of the following titles,
with amendments; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 757) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of February 23,
1867, with the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw, and
other Indians;
An act (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certaiu New York Indian lands in
Kansas;
An act (H. R. No. 1914) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men of the Shoshone and
Bannock tribes of Indians for the relinquish-
ment of a portion of their reservation in
Wyoming Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 2334) to confirm to the
Great and Little Osage Indians a reservation
in the Indian territory ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2623) to provide for the
removal of the Flathead and other Indians
from the Bitter Root valley, in the Territory
of Montana.
school lands in washington territory.
Mr. STEVENSON, also, from the same
committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1500) toconfirm title to certain lauds iu Wash-
ington Territory, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that in
all eases where school lands situated in Wash-
ington Territory were purchased in good faith
under the act of the Legislative Assembly of
said Territory authorizing the sale of said lands,
and the purchase-money paid in accordance
with the provisions of said act, title to such
lands is hereby confirmed to such purchasers,
their heris and assigns, and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is hereby author-
ized to issue patents in such cases, under such
regulations and upon such proof as he may
prescribe.
The Clerk read the amendment of the com-
mittee, as follows:
Amend by adding at the end thereof the words
following:
Provided, That before any patent shall be issued
tho claimant shall present to the register of the
land office for the land district comprising the land
sold, a certificate under the seal of the board of
county commissioners of the county in which the
land is located, describing tho tract of land sold, and
stating when and to whom and upon what terms it
was sold, and that the purchase-money had been
paid according to contract: And provided farther.
That nothing in this act shall be oonstrued to au-
thorize the Territ^ryof Washington or any officer or
person acting under its authority to sell or dispose
of lauds reserved for common schools.
