790
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
Laios of the United States.
department of the postal service, or forwarded
through or delivered from any post office or
branch post office established by authority of
the Postmaster General; any such person who
shall secrete, embezzle, or destroy any such
letter, packet, bag, or mail of letters, as afore-
said, which shall not contain any security for
or assurance relating to money or other thing
of value, every such person shall, o"n convic-
tion thereof, for every such offence, forfeit
and pay a penalty of not exceeding five hun-
dred dollars, or be imprisoned not more than
one year, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
Sec. 147. That any person who shall take
any letter, postal card, or packet which shall
not contain any article of value or evidence
thereof out of a post office or branch post
office, or from a letter or mail-carrier, or
which has been in any post office or branch
post office, or in the custody of any letter or
mail-carrier, before it shall have been de-
livered to the person to whom it was directed,
with a design to obstruct the correspondence,
or pry into the business or secrets of another,
or shall secrete, embezzle, or destroy the same,
shall, on conviction thereof, for every such
offence, forfeit and pay a penalty not exceed-
ing five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned at
hard labor not exceeding one year, or both, at
the discretion of the court.
Sec. 148. That no obscene book, pamphlet,
picture, print, or other publication of a vulgar
or indecent character, or any letter upon the
envelope of which, or postal card upon which
scurrilous epithets may have been written or
printed, or disloyal devices priuted or en-
graved, shall be carried in the mail; and any
person who shall knowingly deposit, or cause
to be deposited, for mailing, or lor delivery,
any such obscene publication, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction
thereof, shall, for every such offence, be fined
not more than five hundred dollars, or im-
prisoned not more than one year, or both,
according to the circumstances and aggrava-
tion of the offence.
Sec. 149. That it shall not be lawful to con-
vey by mail, nor to deposit ill a post office to
be sent by mail, any letters or circulars con-
cerning illegal lotteries, so-called gift concerts,
or other similiar enterprises offering prizes,
or concerning schemes devised and intended
to deceive and defraud the public for the pur-
pose of obtaining money under false pretences,
and a penally of not more than five hundred
dollars nor less than one hundred dollars, with-
costs of prosecution, is hereby imposed upon
conviction, in any Federal court, of the viola-
tion of this section.
Sec. 150. That postage on all mail matter
must be prepaid by stamps at the time of mail-
ing, unless herein otherwise provided for.
Sec. 151. That all mail matter deposited for
mailing on which at least one full rate of post-
age has been paid as required bylaw, shall be
forwarded to its destination, charged with the
unpaid rate, to be collected on delivery.
Sec. 152. That if any mail matter, on which
by law the postage is required to be prepaid
at the mailing office, shall by inadvertence
reach its destination without such prepayment,
double the prepaid rates shall be charged and
collected on delivery.
Sec. 153. That no mail matter shall be
delivered until the postage due thereon has
been paid.
Sec. 154. That no box at any post office
shall be assigned to the use of any person until
ihe rent thereof has been paid for at least one
quarter in advance, for which the postmaster
shall give a receipt.
Sec. 155. lhat the Postmaster General may
provide by regulation for transmitting unpaid
and duly certified letters of soldiers, sailors,
and marines in the service of the United States,
to their destination.
Sec. 156. That on all mail matter which is
wholly or partly in writing, except book man-
uscripts and corrected proofs passing between
authors and publishers, and local or drop let-
ters ; on all printed matter which is so marked
as to convey any other or further information
than is conveyed by the original print, except
the correction of mere typographical errors;
on all matter which is sent in violation of law
or the regulations of the Department respect-
ing inclosures ; and on all matter to which
no specific rate of postage is assigned, postage
shall be charged at the rate of three cents for
each half ounce or fraction thereof.
Sec. 157. That letters commonly known as
drop or local letters, delivered through the
post office or its carriers, shall be charged with
postage at the rate of two cents where the
system of free delivery is established, and
one cent where such system is not established,
for each half ounce or fraction thereof.
Sec. 158. That on newspapers and other
periodical publications, not exceeding four
ounces in weight, sent from a known office
of publication to regular subscribers, postage
shall be charged at the following rates per
quarter, namely: on publications issued less
frequently than once a week, at the rate of one
cent for each issue ; issued once a week, five
cents ; and five cents additional for each issue
more frequent than once a week. And an
additional rate shall be charged for each addi-
tional four ounces or fraction thereof in
weight.
Sec. 159. That on newspapers and other
periodicalssent from a known office of public-
ation to regular subscribers, the postage shall
be paid before delivery, for not less than one
quarter, nor more than one year; which pay-
ment may be made either at the office of mail-
ing or delivery, commencing at any time; and
the postmaster shall account for said postage
in the quaiter in which it is received.
Sec. 160. That the Postmaster General may
provide by.regulations forcarrying small news-
papers, issued less frequently than once a
week, in packages to one address, from a
known office of publication to regular sub-
scribers, at the rate of one cent for each four
ounces or fraction thereof.
Sec. 161. That persons known as regular
dealers in newspaper's and periodicals may
receive and transmit by mail such quantities
of either as they may require, and pay the
postage thereon as received, at the same rates,
pro rata, as regular subscribers to such public-
ations who pay quarterly in advance.
Sec. 102. That the Postmaster General
may prescribe by regulation an affidavit, in
form, to be taken by the publisher, or by the
clerk, agent, or servant of the publisher, of
any newspaper or other periodical which may
by law be sent to regular subscribers without
prepayment of postage at the mailing office,
to tbe effect that neither he nor any other pro-
prietor, clerk, agent, or employee within his
knowledge will send, cause or permit to be
sent through the mail, without prepayment by
postage-stamps, any copies of such newspaper
or ottier periodical inainingit) except to bona
fide and regular subscribers thereto ; and if
any such newspaper or other periodical shall
be thus unlawiuliy sent., with the knowledge
or consent of such pioprietor, oi his agent,
clerk, [or] servant in charge of such business,
or if such affidavit shall, when required by the
Postmaster General or any special agent of
the Post Office Department, be refused, the
person guilty of the offence, or refusing to
make the affidavit, shall forfeit -and pay fifty
dollars in eacn ease.
Sue. 303. That on mailable matter of the
third class, except as herein stated, postage
shall be charged at the rate of one cent for
each two ounces or fraction thereof. Double
these rates shall be charged for books, samples
of metah, ores, minerals, and merchandise.
Sec. 164. That packages of woollen, cot-
ton, or lmen clothing, not exceeding two
pounds in weight, may be sent through the
mail to any non-commissioned officer or pri-
vate in the Army ot the United States, if
prepaid, at the rate of one cent for each one
ounce or fraction thereof, subject, to such regu-
lation as the Postmaster General may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 165. That the rate of United States
postage on mail matter sent to or received
from foreign countries with which different
rates have not been established by postal con-
vention or other arrangement, when forwarded
by vessels regularly employed in transporting
the mail, shall be ten centsfor each half ounce
or fraction thereof on letters, unless reduced
by order of the Postmaster General; two cents
each on newspapers ; and not exceeding two
cents per each two ounces, or fraction thereof,
on pamphlets, periodicals, books, and other
printed matter, which postage shall be pre-
pared [prepaid] on matter sent and collected
on matter received ; and to avoid loss to the
United States in the payment of balances, the
Postmaster General may collect the unpaid
postage on letters from foreign countries in
coin or its equivalent.
Sec. 166. That all letters conveyed by ves-
sels not regularly employed in carrying the
mail shall, if for delivery within the United
States, be rated with double postage, to cover
the fee paid to the vessel.
Sec. 167. That for the purpose of making
better postal arrangements with foreign coun-
tries, or to counteract their adverse measures
affecting our postal intercourse with them, the
Postmaster General, by and with the advice
and consent of the President, may negotiate
and conclude postal treaties or conventions,
and may reduce or increase the rates of post-
age on mail matter conveyed between the
United States and foreign countries.
Sec. 168. 'Thatthe Postmaster General shall
prepare postage-stamps of suitable denomina-
tions, which, when attached to mail mutter,
shall be evidence of the payment of the post-
age thereon.
Sec. 169. That the Postmaster General sliall
provide suitable letter and newspaper envel-
opes, with such waier-marks or other guards
against counterfeits as he may deem expe-
dient, and with postage stamps with such device
and of such suitable denominations as he may
direct, impressed thereon ; and the said envel-
opes shall be known as " stamped envelopes."
and shall be sold, as nearly as may be, at tlie
cost ofprocuringthem, with theaddition oftiie
valueotthepostage-stampsimpressed thereon ;
but no stamped envelope furnished by the
Government shall contain any lithographing
or engraving, and no printing except a printed
request to return the letter to the writer ; and
letters and papers inclosed in them (the post-
age-stamp in every case being of a dennm
ination sufficient to cover the postage properly
chargeable thereonj sliall pass in the mail as
prepaid matter.
Sec. 170. That to facilitate letter corre-
spondence and provide forthe transmission of
[by] the mails, at a reduced rate of postage,
of messages, orders, notices, and other short
communications, either printed or written m
pencil or ink, the Postmaster General shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to furnish and issue to the public, with post-
age-stamps impressed upon them, "postal
cards," manufactured of good stiff paper, nf
such quality, form, and size, as he shall deem
best adapted for general use ; which caids
shall be used as a means of postal intercourse,
