2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
committee expecis to report in writing on that
subject, on Wednesday morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That, to me,
would be conclusive why we ought not to take
any action upon the subject now. If we take up
this bill and pass it, as the Senator from Penn-
sylvania desires, then at once we yield to the
construction of the House of Representatives
as to our privileges of amendment.to revenue
bills; we yield up the whole question. Now,
while I am disposed to give a liberal interpret-
ation to the powers of the House of Repre-
sentatives in relation to revenue bills, 1 am
not willing to abandon the whole ground on
the part of the Senate, by any means.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This ts a second
question of merits on a controversy between
each House which is being debated, nothing
having yet been taken up. The Chair desires
now, with all deference to Senators, to confine
the debate to the proposition to take up the
North Carolina case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only desire
to say that the object of the Senator from
Pennsylvania in postponing the North Caro-
lina case is to take up a bili of the kind I have
referred to, which I think ought not to be
taken up until another question of primary
importance shall be brought before the Senate
and discussed ; and beyond that, here is a
question that is now pending in relation to the
privilege of a Senator to a seat in this body;
it is one of the very highest character, and
ordinarily it takes precedence of all other
questions. It seems to me that the Senate
cannot afford either to shove this case aside
or to take up the other question suggested by
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will not
proceed to the consideration of the North
Carolina case to-day. At the exiration of the
morning hour the deficiency bill was under
consideration, and if I may be allowed in order
to allude to that, I will state that there cer-
tainly is no business now pending before the
Senate of anything like the importance of the
deficiency bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator that he thinks this is de-
bate on the merits of another proposition,
nothing having yet been taken up by the Sen-
ate.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will not
take up the North Carolina case, but will allow
me to present, before any other business is
commenced, some reasons why the deficiency
bill should be disposed of. Perhaps I will
have unanimous consent now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent to
debate the deficiency bill.
Mr. POMEUOT, and Mr. PERRY, of Con-
necticut. 1 object.
Mr. COLE. I do not intend to debate the
deficiency bill, but to give some reasons why
it ought to be determined.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be in the
nature of debate
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it would be in the nature of debate, if he under-
stands the meaning of the term.
Mr. COLE. Of course I always defer to
the rules of the Senate. I hope that the
motion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Lo-
G AX J will not prevail for the reason that that
matter has been pending some time, but other
business has been pending and has been before
(he Senate ofteuer than that question. I do
not kuow that the Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Pool] desires to go on to-day. I
have heard no expression of a desire on his
part to go on with the North Carolina case
to-day. I think he is not anxious upon that
point. I believe, therefore, that matter can as
well go over a little longer as not, and I hope
we shall be permitted to take up business of
more importance that is now before the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall not take up five :
minutes, for I do not want to waste time in
discussing this matter. For nearly fourteen
months the State of North Carolina has been
without one half of her representation on this
floor. Nearly two months have elapsed since
the Committee on Privileges and Elections
reported to the Senate on the subject of the
North Carolina Senatorship, and the matter is
undisposed of yet, although it is a question
of such high privilege that it is in reference to
the composition of our own body and the full
representation of one of the States.
When the Senate heard the discussion on
last Monday, this day a week ago, at the end
of the speech then made on behalf of the re-
port of the committee it was stated that the
Senator from North Carolina desired to speak
and that he must be absent, and therefore it
was asked that the matter should be laid over
until to-day, that, he might be here to speak;
and certainly, although I do not pretend that
that was a binding agreement that it should be
taken up to day, 1 think I am not wrong in
saying that it was the universal understanding
of the Senate that it would be taken up to-
day, and I am therefore surprised that there
should be any attempt to antagonize anything
with it. It will be remembered what was stated
then. I stated on my own behalf that, forrea-
sons which I then gave and which I need not
repeat, it was imperative on me to leave Wash-
ington this week and to be gone ten days, or
perhaps two weeks; that one of the Senators
from Delaware, also in the same category, was
compelled to leave here on Wednesday next,
and that it would be very unfair on us and very
unfair oil the committee that the votes of Sen-
ators should be lost by reason of their neces-
sary absence and the postponement of this case"
depriving them of their voices in its decision.
I hope that will not be done. I hope the
Senate will not take such a course as deprives
me of my vote and the Senator from Delaware
of his vote; and yet that is the effect of post-
poning this case from day to day until we are
gone, and necessarily gone. If the circum-
stances were not those which I had intimated
to the Senate before, circumstances that every
Senator sees not only justify my leaving Wash-
ington for the time I mentioned but make it
imperative on me to do so, I would not ask
anything on that score; but under those cir-
cumstances I do not thmk it is right that this
question should be pushed off until Senators
who are necessarily compelled to be absent
shall not be here to vote upon it.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President, theclaim
ot a person to a seat in this body presents a
question of privilege very high in its character.
There is such a question pending now, pre-
sented to us first by a report of a committee
not much more than a month ago.
Mr, THURMAN. Nearly two months ago.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I accept the Senator's
correction; he may be right; nearly two months
ago% I will fortify my position, however, by
reminding the Senator that it is not one month
since the first motion to take up this matter
in the Senate was made. I am very confident
that motion was not made four weeks ago.
Therefore no very great delay has occurred
touching a question with the qualities of this,
and having the power that every question of
privilege has, to assert itself against other
business. I shall not vote to take up the North
Carolina case this morning, and I shall not vote
for it even in view of the suggestion made by
the honorable Senator from Ohio ; and lest he
may suppose that some question of courtesy
arises touching the suggestions which he has
made, I beg to assign to him my reasons for
resisting the appeal which he makes.
A question of this sort, although one of the
highest privilege, is in some respects one of
the simplest ever presented to the Senate. Lot
me illustrate that. This report admits of no
amendment; there are no subdivisionsor alter-
natives about this question. It is whether Mr.
Abbott is entitled to his seat or whether Mr.
Ransom, if that be the name of his antagonist,
is entitled to the seat. It presents, therefore,
to every Senator the easy opportunity to pair
upon the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask my
friend from New York whether that report may
not be amended by offering as an amendment
that the seat be declared vacant?
Mr. CONKLINGr. Oh, yes, it maybe; and
when that amendment is offered it will present
the very question that I have stated in another
form. Suffice it for my puipose to say that
every Senator can forecast exactly every ques-
tion and every phase of the question that can
arise in that case. That is not so in regard to
a tariff bill, or a deficiency bill. If my friend
has occasion to go away and comes to me for a
pair, it is impossible that he and I both can
invent any pair which will be safe and satisfac-
tory upon all the questions that may arise touch-
ing a deficiency bill, for example.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment? The Senator
certainly recognizes that we sit here as judges
in this case, and would it not present a singu-
lar thing for a judge to ask to pair with another
judge before the argument of the case was con-
cluded ?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; if my friend had
borne with me he would have found that I was
coming to that subject. No judge ever deliv-
ered himself with such emphasis and power
as my honorable friend from Ohio exhibited
when he addressed us the other day, having'
left in his mind a shadow of doubt as to how
his vote was to be. No judge ever delivered
such an opinion as fell from the lips of my
honorable friend from Illinois without having
an immovable and immutable conviction in
bis own mind of what his judgment would be.
Therefore, when those two judges, as 1 will
call them in answer to the question, pair with
each other, it is a peifectly safe, proper, and
precise proceeding: there can be no objection
to it iu the world, none has ever been found in
the practice of either House. Therefore the
Senator from Ohio, who has expressed his
views fully, if compelled to go away, can pair
with entire propriety, security, and certainty
upon every question involved in the Abbott
case.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him right there? I can-
not pair with the Senator from Illinois, for he
and I are on the same side, and but one other
Senator has distinctly taken ground oil the
other side, the Senator from Wisconsin, and
we cannot all pair with him.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not believe my
honorable friend thought I proposed he should
pair with anybody on the same side. I in-
tended to say that when these two Senators,
judges as he calls them, paired with those
holding opposite views, either or both of them,
it would be a very safe pair, and they could
forecast exactly in advance the effect of that
pair. I am entirely opposed to my friend pair-
ing with anybody on the same side. If he
understood me to suggest that, I withdraw
that suggestion or explaiu that I did not ao
intend. So much for this question of priv-
ilege. It is certain to assert itself, and certain
to be determined at an early day; and I know
of no hardship, substantial or tangible, that
will result from a postponement for a short
time of this question.
But the honorable Senator from Illinois
said that the tea and coffee bill had become
very important. That is very true. Mr. Pres-
ident, without trenching upon the rules, or '
aliuding to the merits of any measure, I may
say to that honorable Senator that it has grown
important for two reasons: first, the lapse of
time; and second, the condition of business
in the other House to which it might not be
proper in any connection for me precisely to
allude, which has forced upon every member
of this body a knowledge that immense wrong
is done, immense harm is worked every hour
