4426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
piration . of the patent shall be authorized
to continue the same, notwithstanding the
passage of this act.
Mr. L. MYERS. This ia the bill on which
I moved a suspension of the rules the other
day, which resulted in a vote of 82 in the
affirmative to 48 in the negative. It only
lacked a few votes to pass by a two-thirds
vote. I stated at the time that the case was
a very strong one and that the bill deserved
the vote of every member of the House. I
now send the report accompanying the bill to
the desk to be read as a part of my remarks,
and I request members to give it their atten-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. Pending the reading of
that report, I move to suspend the rules and
adopt a resolution I send to the Clerk's desk*
Mr. L. MYERS. Wait a few moments.
Mr. RANDALL. There is no time to wait;
the wagon is in motion.
Mr. BANKS. If the rules are suspended
upon the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] the morning-hour
business will be interrupted.
The SPEAKER. The morning-hour busi-
ness will be interrupted, but the morning hour
would run on from ten minutes past two
o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. It does not affect the
morning hour, which will run until it expires.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will not
sustain the motion to suspend the rules.
Sir. RANDALL. I hope they will.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior and
the Secretary of War respectively, be requested to
furnish the House of Representatives with inform-
ation as to whether military reservation 
Mr. L. MYERS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. L. MYERS. My point of order is that
I was upon the floor, and asked that thia report
be read as a part of my remarks, and I cannot
be taken from the floor in this way.
Mr. RANDALL. I admit that it ia a little
sharp practice 5 but we have had it exercised
against lis, and I want to try it.
The SPEAKER, What, practice?
Mr, BANKS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. L. MyehsJ cannot be taken
from the floor in this way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. L. Mykks j had the floor and called
for the reauing of the report as a part of his
remarks. No rights will be lost by that.
Mr. RANDALL. I know my rights will be
preserved.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of Fredrick P. Dimpfei, ofthocity of
Philadelphia, praying an extension of his patent for
an improvement in steam-boilers, having consid-
ered the same, beg leave to submit the following
report:
The petitioner on the 16th of July, 1850, obtained
a patent, under tho laws of .the United States, for an
improvement in steam-boilers, which patent was
afterward extended for seven years from and after
the 16th day of July, 1864.
The invention consi&ts m the employment of tubes
or pipes within tin* boiler, connecting at both ends
with the body of water in the boiler, the tubes being
bent up at the ends, by means of which the circula-
tion of water is greatly increased, the liability to
explosion materially lessened, and the injurious
effects due to expansion and contraction avoided.
The committee find that .six of tho Dimpfei boilers
of twenty-two hundred and eighty feet of heating
surface, or two hundred-horse power, cost $2,270,
Jess than fourteen of the ordinary plan cylinder
boilers of about the same heating surface and power.
The latter will employ a space of forty-seven feet
front and thirty-six and a half feet deep, while the
six Dimpfei boilers will occupy a space of twenty
feet Iront and twenty-three and a half feet deep, a
saving of twelve hundred and forty-five and a half
square feet.
Notwithstanding these great advantages, an in-
vention of this kind is always received by the pub-
lic with greateaution, The difficulty of introducing
such an improvement is well stated m the language,
under oath, of Obem Levis, a cotton and woolen
manufacturer: " Mr. Dimpfei has to my certain
knowledge made every endeavor to introduce these
boilers iuto public use, and urged me for the past
six years to put them in my mill, but the natural
disinclination to change the iorm of boilers used for
a long time, and the large .expense necessary to
make such change, deterred me from putting the
Dimpfei boilers in until last year.
Mr.Levis continues: "I only regret not.haying
used them sooner. They are much more econom-
ical in fuel than any boilers that I have used or
know of. In ray opinion $150,000 would be a small
compeosation for an invention so valuable to tho
community."
Affidavits of numerous well-known citizens were
produced to your committee, testifying to the great
value of this invention and the utter inadequacy of
reward to Mr. Dimpfei. .
Extracts from a feW of these affidavits are sub-
joined :
Samuel M. Felton, late president Philadelphia,
Wilmington,and Baltimore Railroad Company, says:
" I have known Mr. Dimptel since 1850 intimately,
and of his efforts to introduce the boiler into public
use, and that he did not spare either time or money
in trying to accomplish that end." * * * *
"I consider Mr. Dimpfel's invention very valuable,
both for economy and safety; that its value to the
public is many hundred thousands'of dollars, and
that #100,000 would be a small remuneration to Mr.
Dimpfei for the labor, vexation, opposition, and
expense which he has had to encounter, to my knowl-
edge, in his efforts to introduce his invention into
public use."
William A. Crocker, president Taunton Branch
Railroad, of Massachusetts, says : " Dimpfei ought
to have made for his labor, time, and invention—
which is worth millions to the public—at least
$500,000."
John Tucker, late president Philadelphia and
Reading Railroad Company, testifies that Dimpfei
had a locomotive built to test the safety of his new
boiler. " He devoted almost his entire time to the
invention lor many years, and has not received a
fair remuneration for it."
Joseph J.Coiustock, ship-master, says: "The Dimp-
fei boilers are of great practical value, occupy
small space, weigh very much less than other boilers,
are almost entirely iree from liability to explosion,
and there is great saving of fuel in their use."
W. E. Lockwood, manufacturer of paper collars,
testifies that, "for economy in fuel and space,
safety and rapidity of action with which these
boilers generate steam, he prefers them to any other
form of boiler."
Alfred D. Jessup, paper maker; Samuel II. Cro-
zer, manufacturer of collars and woolen goods, and
others, testify with equal distinctness to the great
value of thia invention, and ask that the inventor
shall have $ chance lor remuneration, which only
an extension can give him.
The committee have also duly considered the evi-
dence filed in regard to the alleged inadequate
compensation of the petitioner. His sworn exhibits
and the records of the Patent Office show that the
net receipts from hia patentduring the original and
extended terms did not exceed $1,000, and this, too,
without taking into consideration his own time and
services given to make the public recognize the
merits of the improvement.
As stated, this was by no means due to any lack
of diligence on his part. No parties have appeared
to oppose the extension, although the application
has hud full publicity.
Well satisfied that, so far from being a tax upon
the community, the invention of Mr. Dioipfei has
been of great benefit, and that the case is one in
which he is fairly entitled to an extension, the oom-
mittee recommend the passage of the bill for his
relief which has passed the Senate.
Mr. L. MYERS. I think no words of
mine can add to this report of the committee.
I therefore call the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Pending that motion I
move to suspend the rules and adopt the reso-
lution I have sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to
waive his motion until this bill has passed.
We have another bill to report.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withhold my motion
for the present.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
haite island reservation.
Mr. RANDALL. I now renew my motion.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will my fiiend yield to
me to move to suspend the rules?
Mr. RANDALL. Iwiildoso.
Mr. BANKS. 1 object to the gentleman
farming out the floor in this way.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move that the
rules be suspended and the resolution
which I have sent to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior and
the Secretary of War, respectively, be requested to
furnish the House of Representative? with informa-
tion as to whether military reservation No. 7, situate
near Mare Island, on which is located the United
States navy-yard and dry-dock, on the north side of
Mare Island straits, in the harbor of S.xn Francisco,
State of California, is or is not in the possession
of the Government of the United States; and also
whether or not the title of the United States thereto
has been extinguished; if yea,under and by what
authority tho same was so extinguished, at whoso
instance, for whose benefit, and the necessity, if any,
therefor, and the facts and circumstances attend-
ing the same.
Mr. RANDALL. There can be no objec-
tion to this resolution ; it is only calling foi
information.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 44, noes 54 5 no quorum
voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 72, nays 82, not voting 86 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Beck
Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Comincro, Conner, Cntcher, Crossland, Dox,
Du Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Forker,
Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladny, Ilaldeman.
Hambleton, Hancook, Hand ley, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, King,
Manson, McClelland, McCormick, Mcllenry, Mc-
Intyre, MoNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan, Niblack, Potter, Prico, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William
R. Roberts, Sion II. Rogers, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Sloss, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry,
Tuthill, Van Trump, WaHdell. Warren, Wells,
Wbitthorne, Williams of New York, Winchester,
and Young—72.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Beveridge. Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Brooks, Buckley, Buftinton, Burchard, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Coghlan, Conger, Cot-
ton, Crocker, Darrall, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell,
Eames, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Goodrich, Harmer, llawley, Gerry W. llazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hill, Ivelley, Kellogg, Lamport,
Lowe, Maynard. McCrary. MeGrew, McJunkin,
MoKee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,Leonard
Myers, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker. Peck, Pen-
dleton, Aaron F.Perry, Poland, Prindle, Rainev,Ellis
H.Roberts. Rusk, Sawyer. Sessions, Shanks, Shella-
barger, H. Boardraan Smith, John A. Smith. Sny-
der, Thomas J.'Speer, Sorague, Stevenson, Strong,
Svpher, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tvner,
Wakeman, Waiden, Waldron, Wallace, • Walls,
Whiteley, WiUard, Williams of Indiana, and Jere-
miah M. Wilson—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Bar-
num. Barry, James G. Blair, B'^les, Burdett, Carroll,
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Davis,
Dawes, De Large, Dickev, Elliott, Ely, Farwell,
Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Griffith,
Hale, Halcey, George E.Harris, Havens, Hay, Hays,
Hereford, Herndon, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Ken-
dall, Ketcham, Killmger, Kinsella, Lamison, Lan-
sing, Leach. Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, McKinney,
Mitchell, Moore, Morphis, Negley, Orr, Palmer,
llosea W. Parker, Perce, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Porter,Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent,
Seofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slocuin,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, R. Milton Speer,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John, TafFe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Twichell,
Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wheeler, John T. Wil-
son, and Wood—86.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
message from tiib senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the hill (H. R. No. 2582)
making appropriations for the payment of
claims reported allowed by the commissioners
of claims, under the act of Congress of March
3, 1871, had agreed to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed as conferees
on the part of the Senate, Mr. Howe, Mr.
Scott, and Mr. Davis of West Virginia.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 2935J to
establish certain post roads, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
simeon savage.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Committee on Patents
have unanimously instructed me to report back,
