1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4427
with a favorable recommendation, a bill (S.
No. 649) for the relief of Simeon Savage.
The bill was read. It provides that the let-
ters-patent gi anted to Simeon Savage, a citizen
of tlie United States, dated the 2J of March,
1852, and extended by the Commissioner
of Patents for seven years from the 2d of
March, 1806, for an improvementin machinery
for printing floor oil-cloths, be extended for
the term of seven years from the 2d of
March. 1873 ; and the Commissioner of Pat-
ents is directed, upon the presentation of the
patent, or a certified copy thereof, to make
a certificate upon such patent or certified
copy thereof of such extension, (the lawful
fees being lirst paid therefor.) The Com-
missioner of Patents is directed to cause the
same to be entered of record in the Patent
Office ; and the patent so extended is to have
the same effect in law as if originally granted
for the term extending to the end of the term
to which it is extended by this act. But such
extended patent is to be open to legal inquiry
and decision, in the same manner as if issued
under the general law regulating the granting
of patents.
Mr. KELLOGG. This bill was passed by
the Senate some time ago, and having been
submitted to the House Committee on Pat-
ents, every member of that committee is in
favor of it. The case was heard some two or
three months ago; and although we have spent
months in trying patent cases, we have not
been able to repoit till to day any one of the
very few that we had agreed to recommend.
We iiave rejected at least ten out of eleven of
all the cases that have been before us.
The present case was one in which we
thought there were very strong reasons why
the patentee should have another extension.
The machinery for the work; involved great
delay in its construction. The patentee was
experimenting for twelve or fourteen years; lie
was a poor man, and unable to pursue his
labors without pecuniary help. Two com-
panies broke down within the first twelve
year3 of the patent in expending money upon
experiments. It was not until 1868 that the
patentee was able to derive one dollar of in-
come from the patent, and meanwhile he was
so poor that he had to run a horse-car to support
his family. My colleague on the committee,
the gentlemen from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hibisabd,] as well as other members of the
committee, will confirm what I have said as to
the merits of this case. I move the previous
question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to move a sus-
pension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot take
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kel-
LOGCfj from the floor.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It was done the other
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad
to know when any gentleman was taken trom
the floor by a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDREDGE. By a motion to suspend
the rules made a few days ago by tbe gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] another
gentleman was taken oft the floor.
The SPEAKER. Not while the Speaker was
occupying the chair. The present occupant of
the chair has never known that to be done.
Mr. KELLOGG. If any gentleman wishes
to make any inquiry in regard to this case. I
shall be glad to reply ; but I cannot yield the
floor. .
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question ot
order—whether this question is debatable?
The SPEAKER. Why not?
Mr BANKS. It is certainly debatable.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I thought the motion
of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kel-
logg] was to supend the rules.
The SPEAKER. No; this is the regular
order, the business of the morning hour.
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall now demand the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. To whose benefit will
this extension inure?
Mr; KELLOGG. Entirely to the benefit
of the patentee, and no one else.
Mr. STEVENSON. Has he not sold it?
Mr. KELLOGG. He has not sold it?
Mr. STEVENSON. Has he the whole
intsr6st?
Mr. KELLOGG. The whole interest be-
longs to him, and to no one else. He has
had no benefit from it except for the last
three years. It is one of the strongest cases
I ever knew to come before the Committee
on Patents. I believe all of my colleagues
on that committee, on both sides of the House,
will bear witness of the truth of what I say.
1 will now yield for one moment to my col-
league on the Committee on Patents from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard ]
Mr. HIBBARD. While, as the gentleman
from Connecticut has stated, the Committee
on Patents have rejected many cases, I have
opposed some they have reported in favor of.
I regard this as a meritorious case and as one
which ought to pass.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for the reading of
the report.
Several Members. Oh, no!
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; I call for the
previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I ask for the reading of tbe
report.
Tbe report, which was read, states that on
the 2d day of March, A. D. 1852, letters-
patent were issued to Simeon Savage for im-
provement in machines for printing floor-
cloths, and the said letters-patent were ex-
tended for seven years from the 2d day of
March, A. D. 1866. The evidence shows the
invention to be of great utility, saving from
one third to one half the expense of printing
in the manufacture of floor-cloths; that the
inventor toiled many years before he suc-
ceeded in securing a patent, and after the
patent was granted the expense of the ma-
chinery was so great that he could not induce
manufacturers to purchase of him, and that it
is only since 1868 that the real value of the
patent has become established.
The inventor has received beyond his ex-
penses but about one thousand dollars. He
is a poor man, and has a family dependent for
his support upon his daily labor, 'lhere is no
opposition to this extension, and the com-
mittee unanimously recommend the passage
of the bill.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the rulas be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
90, no.es 75.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
Tbe yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it resulted in
the negative, two thirds not having voted in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 83, not voting
93 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Beck, Bigg«. Bird,
James G. Blair, Bright, Brooks. Cample! . Carroll,
Comingo, Conner. Crosiland, Dox, Duka, fcldredge,
Eorker, Garrett, Getii, Giiidings, GoUuday, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, John T.Harris, HibbarU, Wolman,
Kendall, Kerr, King.Lamison.Mapson.Marshjill.Mc-
Cleliand. MoConmek. McHenry.McXntyre. Memck,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgjn. NlOtack, Potter, Price,
Randall, Head, Edward \. Rice, John M. Rice, Wil-
liam E. Roberts, Sherwood, SI.-tor Siociim. b oss,
Stevens,Storm, Swann.Terry.Van Trunin. Wadde I,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne. Williams ot JNow ¥orU,
Winchester, iind Young 64. T> .
NAYS—Messrs. Ann's, Archer, Avonll, Bitiks
Barber, Be.itty, Beveridge, Bingham. Austin B air,
Braxton, Buckley, BuOintoii. Bui chard, iurjet.t,
Cobb, Coglilan, Conger, Cotton, GnWhi'r.JJ.irrj.ll,
D.iwes,I).>nn.iii,Daell,Dii!inell,E,imcs.Finkelnburs,
Charles Foster, Wilder 1>. Fostor. G.irfiel.d I.l.iriner,
George U. Harris, II iwley. Hay, Gerry W. Unaelton,
John W. Hazelton, llill. Hoar, Houghton, kelley,
Kelioirs. J< import. Lowe, Mayn.ird, JleCr«ir>, Me-
Crow. MeJ ankm. McKee, Mercur. Mernaui, Monroe,
Moiey. Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Soac C.-Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peter* Kaioey,
Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, fehella-
barger, H. Boar&man Smith. Strong, John A* Smltb,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson* Sypher, T&ffe,
Washington Townsend, Tvvicbeli, Tyner, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, "Wails, Willard,
and J^rdrtiiah M. Wilson—83.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Bamum,
Barry, Bell. Bigby, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Caldwell, Olnrke,' Coburn, Cox,
Crebs. Creeiy, Crocker, Davis, De Lame. I^ickey,
Du Bose, Elliott, Ely, Furngworib. Farwell, H«nry
D. Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Griffith, Huldeinan, Hale,
HaUey, Hambleton, Harper, Havena, Hays, i!f>re-
lord. Merndon, Hooper, Ketcbam, Kiilinger. Kin-
selln, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, JlcICinnsy,
McNeely, Mitchell, Moore. M« rphu , Ne«k\v, Orr,
Hose&W. Parker, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eii Perry,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle, Ritchie, Robinson,
John Rogers, Si on 11. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent,
Scofield, ^eeiey, Shanks. Sheldon, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Sneer, Stoughton, Siow-
ell, St. John, Sutherland, Thum is, Dwight Town-
send, Turner, Tuthill, TJpson, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—93.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the
following resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG. Before the gentleman
offers his resolution, I ask bim to*yield to me
to have tbe previous question seconded on the
bill which was before the House during the
morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any yielding.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The resolution
which I send to the desk 1 am unanimously
instructed to offer by the Committee ou Ap-
propriations.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That tbe Committee on Appropriations,
or such sub-committees as they may designate, are
hereby authorized to sit during vacation, for the
purpose of considering and facilitating? the appro-
priate business of the committee in advance of the
next regular session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. This is certainly
a new idea.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
resolution if it is objected to.
I now move that the House proceed to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
take a recess till six o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw that motion to permit me to offer
a bill.
Mr. MOEEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion that the House take a recess until six
o'clock.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
61, noes 79.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holmax] by striking out "six o'clock" and
inserting "seveti o'clock." And on that I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I wish to know by what right the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] refused
to yield the floor?
The SPEAKER. It was for the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to yield, and that
was objected to. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] made the regular motion to
proceed to business on the Speaker'8 table;
and that was followed by tbe gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] m'oving to take a
recess.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My motion to sus-
pend the rules would suspend the gentleman's
resolution.
The SPEAKER. But nnt the motion to
take a recess. If the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. LIolmam] withdraws that, the gentleman
from li'inois can then make his motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was willing then to with-
draw my inniion for that, purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I object 10 the gentleman
