1872.
THE OONGRESSIOT1L GLOBE.
from Wisconsin is a short criminal section
punishing as a crime by a prosecution in the
name of the United States the denial to any
' person on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, of the right to
stop at an inn, to travel on a highway, to use
the sergices of a commo'n carrier, to partici-
pate in the ordinary public worship open to all
other citizens, and to exercise the common
rights of citizens freely granted to all citizens
except those of African descent.
The first objection 1 baveto this amendment
is that the remedy is inadequate. The only
way you can enforce an obligation to do justice
to citizens is by giving a private right to the
injured party to sue. The only remedy pro-
vided here in this act of Congress is a criminal
remedy, a criminal prosecution. I doubt very
ranch, in the absence of specific law, whether
under the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and under the provisions of this section,
any person injured would have a right to sue
in the courts of the United States. There is
no express provision giving a remedy, a civil
action in a co-art of the United States, for an
injury of this kind, and without that express
provision 1 doubt whether the courts would
entertain jurisdiction of cases of this kind. So
that the only remedy of any person deprived
of any right to stop at an inn, the right to be
carried on a railroad, the right to go wherever
any other citizen may freely go, is a criminal
proceeding in the courts of the United States,
now already overrun with business. It seems
to me, with due deference to the judgment
of my honorable friend, that this remedy is
inadequate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senatorallow
uie to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. There has been no |
discussion on that point at all, and I should j
certainly have no objection to modify my
amendment in that respect, by adding a sec-
tion from the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. My attention has
not been called to that point at all, nor has it
arisen heretofore in debate. I should have no
objection to inserting such a section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
power to modify his amendment now, if he
cbooses to do so.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will modify it in that
respect, by adding a section of theamendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin modifies his ameudmentas suggested
by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the only difference
between the first section of the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts and of the
amendment of the Senator from W isconsin,
as now modified, is this: that the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts prevents
a corporation organized as a church, where the
services of the Christian religion are conducted,
from discriminating against a man on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
Mr. CARPENTER. And my amendment
does not regulate the jury system in the State
courts.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is iu another sec-
tion. I speak now of the first section.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is still another
difference. In the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts the ground ot
Federal interference is put upon the tact ot
an act of incorporation granted by the State
or the Federal Government. In the amend-
ment 1 have offered I put the Tight of the
General Government to interfere on the ground
that it is an institution supported by taxation
or public endowment for public use, which I
think a very important distinction.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would seem to narrow
the difference between these two sections very
much indeed. If a negro has a right to stop
at an inn, if he has a right to be carried on a
railroad or on a navigable stream, if be has a
right to attend school with white children, and
these rights are to be protected by law, why not
protect him in the right to enter a church where
God Almighty is worshiped? It seems to me
that to stop there is dividing hairs. If the
church is a public organization, created as a
corporation, thrown open to the public, it
ought to be open as freely to the black man as
to the white man. Any church association that
would exclude a man because of his color from
worshiping God within its walls is a heathen
church; it is not a Christian church. Why,
sir, neither Catholics nor Protestants, nor any
denomination of Christians in this land, would
exclude any man on account of color, and
they never did it that I know of. There are
great numbers of Catholic black men attend-
ing the Catholic churches in this city. You
can see them in any church. I do not believe
now that any church organization has excluded
from within its limits men of the black race.
If they do, they fly in the face not only of the j
old Scriptures, but of the new; they fly in the j
face of the fundamental principles of the
Christian religion which regard all men as
descended from a common ancestor and as
entitled to an equal inheritance in a future
state of rewards or punishments. I therefore
do not see the difference between these two
propositions, so far as the first section of each
amendment is concerned.
Now, in regard to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, the only pur-
pose of the first section of the amendment, if
I understand it correctly, is to secure to a col-
ored man or one of the Asiatic race the right
to enter a public inn, which, by the common
law, is the right of every British subject or
citizen; the right to travel on your navigable
waters, which by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States are made free to all; the right to
travel in cars on your railroads, which are
works of public improvement, contributed
largely to by the public funds; the_ right to
enjoy the common privilege of going over
the country; the right to participate in your
school fund, which is collected alike ot black
and white; the right to enter a church dedi-
cated to the worship of Almighty God. It
seems to me these are the common rights of
humanity, and that any State law or regula-
tion which abridges these rights deprives a
man of that which by the common law he is
entitled to, and of rights secured to him by
the Constitution of the United States.
Perhaps before going further I may as well
allude to the argument of my honorable triend
from Maine. [Mr. Morrill,] whom I respect
so much that I dislike to differ with him. He
seems to treat the fourteenth amendment ot
the Constitution as a rather immaterial pro-
vision. He thinks it does not enlarge m any
way the scope of the old Constitution or the
old amendments to the Constitution. Now,
what are the rights, privileges, and immunities
of citizens of the United States? The four-
teenth article declares that
"Ko State shall make or enforce any law which
shnlI abridge the privileges orimmumties ot citizens
of the United States."
What are the rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties of a citizen of the United States? Are they
contained in this Constitution ? Are they pre-
scribed by the Constitution ? Are they limited
by the Constitution? Aretheygivenby theCon-
siitution? Not at all. The old Constitution has
not the word*'rights" in it. There is no pro-
vision of the old Constitution of 1787 that has
Any bearing, directly or indirectly, on this ques-
tion, except that provision of the second section
of the fourth article which declares that—
"The citizens of caoh State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens m the set oral
States."
It was made one of the great objections to
this Constitution, by the anti;-I)ederaiists of' the
school of Patrick Ilenry, that this Constitution
was a Constitution of powers and not of rights;
that it secured no rights to the citizen. The
answer of the Federalists was that the rights
of the citizens were amply secured by giving to
the citizen of one State the rights and privi-
leges of the citizens of any other State ; but
that was not satisfactory to the anti-Federal-
ists, and they insisted upon the old amend-
ments to the Constitution which bristle.all over
with the word ' 'rights," and which do secure to
the American citizen certain important rights.
Bat these amendments to the Constitution
do not define all the rights of American' citi-
zens. They define some of them. The Con-
stitution itself amply secures some of the rights
of American citizens, but the ninth amendment
expressly provides that—
" The enumeration in the Constitution of certain
rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage
others retained by the people."
There are certain rights enumerated in these<
articles of amendment, but they are not a«
the rights of the American citizen; very far
from it. Where do we find the record of those
rights ? The fourteenth amendment then
coming in says :
"Ho State shall alake or enforee any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
What are those privileges and immunities?
Are they only those defined in the Constitu-
tion, the rights secured by the amendments?
Not atall. The great fountain head, thegreat
reservoir of the rights of an-American citizen
is in the common iaw, the oid charters that
were wrenched by our ancestors five hundred
years ago and two hundred years ago from
English kings. Our rights are not limited to
i those given by the Constitution. Wbat are
' those rights? Sir, they are as innumerable
, as the sands of the sea. You must go to the
j common law for them, the source from which
my friend can draw the inspiration ,of genius
and of eloquence.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to call the
Senator's attention to the fact that the word
" rights" does not occur in that section of the
fourteenth amendment at all. The distinction
which I make, and the distinction which the
courts have made is, between the privileges
and immunities which belong to a citizen as
such, and which under that section the State
cannot abridge, and those political rights of
voting, of holding office, of serving as a juror.
&c., which may be taken away at the pleasure
of a State even under the Constitution as now
amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. The distinction between
rights and immunities and privileges is very
narrow indeed. I know ot no decision which
makes that distinction in the way that is now
suggested by my honorable friend from Wis-
consin. . ,
Mr. CARPENTER. The very firetdecision
ever made on the subject was a decision of the
supreme court of Maryland, drawing that dis-
tinction precisely, and saying that the right to
vote, for instance, was not one of the privileges
* or immunities of a citizen ; that that language
| was confined to the right to buy and sell real
i estate, to act as trustee, guardian, &e.
j Mr. SHERMAN. Let us see what are the
j privileges and immunities of a citizen. Is not
j every mail who is .compelled to pay taxes enti-
,! tied to the fair and equal protection of the law?
' That is expressly provided for. 1 hat is his
i privilege as an American citizen. I he narrow
i confinement of these words "privileges ana
| immunities" is not the fair meaning ot the
I Constitution by any means.
,j Now, what are the rights tbat are secured
by this amendment? Let os see^ They are
ij the common privileges, of every English sub-
!; ject and American Chizen, however humble he
:| may be. and they are classed as privileges in
|! the old common law. Whatsis a public inn?
i! It is every man's home. "I mil take, mme
t| ease ia mine inn:" any man can say tttat m
