2636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
interpose with Senators under this, the only
restrictive rule on debate in the Senate, that
if the Senate, by unanimous consent, desire
the debate to progress in regard to all these
propositions, the Chair will not interpose
farther.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Chair will not feel
any delicacy about enforcing the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I insist on the rule being
enforced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The Chair must enforce his ruling
■upon this rule about debate on the merits.
Therefore, the Chair must insist that debate
shall be confined within the rule.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish to transcend
the rule. If 1 understand the Chair to say
that my remarks are on the merits of the tea
and coffee bill, I shall take an appeal from
that decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin appeals from the decision of
the Chair. The Chair*will not repeat his
decision, as this whole debate has been lis-
tened to attentively by the Senate. The Chair
thinks that the remarks of the Senator from
Wisconsin, when the Chair interposed, were
debate upon the merits of the proposition
■which he was then commenting upon, from
which decision the Senator from Wisconsin
appeals. The question is, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate?" And the Chair will take it for the guide
of his future decisions.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask, merely for inform
ation, did the Chair base his decision upon
the remark of the Senator from Wisconsin,
that a great interest was screaming with agony
on account, of delay?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He did.
The question being put, the ayes appeared
to prevail.
Mr. HOWE. I must ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I believe the appeal is de-
batable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is open to
debate.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Chair state
what the question is on which we are about to
vote ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sev
eral times in the course of this debate, since
one o'clock, has suggested to Senators that, he
thought their remarks were on the meriis of
the question proposed to be considered, noth
ing yet being taken up hy the Senate under
the eleventh rule, prohibiting debate upon the
merits. The Senator from Wisconsin, referring
to one of the bills pending, stated that a great
interest in this country was screaming—but
perhaps the Senator will state his own lan-
guage better.
Mr. HOWE. As near as I can repeat the
language I used, it was this 
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it be
read by the reporter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reporter's
notes ars not. yet written out.
Mr. HOWE. I said that while it would be a
matter of convenience with some not to take
up the tea and coffee bill, so called, during the
absence of the Senator from Ohio, the consid-
eration which urged us to proceed with that
bill now was not one of convenience ; it was
the fact, that a great interest in this country
was screaming with agonv because the Legis-
lature would not consider and settle the ques-
tion, and I ought to remind the Senate that I
did not say one single word upon the question
whether that bill should he settled one way or
the other, or whether it was a meritorious bill
or not.
Mr. THURMAN. I wanted to know only
whether we were to vote on the appeal from
the decision of the Chair or on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois to take up the North
Carolina case.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ That subject is
not now before the Senate. The question now
is on the appeal, and the Chair will supple-
ment the remarks of the Senator from Wis-
consin by adding, as the Senator from Ohio
desires to know the precise point, that the
Chair stated to the Senator from Wisconsin
with great reluctance that he was compelled
to think this came within the eleventh rule,
as debate upon the merits of the question pro
posed to be considered, and that if he ruled
this in order, he could not rule out any Senator
who should traverse the position of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin with any elaborate argu-
ment, no matter to what extent, as to this
great interest, that was screaming with agony
on account of the non-action of Congress. In
other words, it would open the whole subject for
debate. From that decision the Senator from
Wisconsin appealed, and the question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair siand as the
judgment of the Senate?" upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered, and the Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor upon it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to inquire,
either of the Chair or of the Senate, if the point
is whether the Chair is called upon to decide
whether a great interest can scream with
ationy ? [Laughter.]
"The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not the
particular point at. this time.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President. I want
to say for the information of my friend from
New Jersey that, the Chair has not made any
ruling as to whe,t,her my remark was true <Tr
not; the Chair has simply ruled that that
remark was debate upon the merits of the tea
and cotfee bill, so called. Now, it seems to
me-, if I know anything, I know that it does
not touch the merits of that question. It seems
to me, if I know anything, if it be true that
there is such an interest which is screaming
with agony, or which is in agony, or which is
anxious that the Senate should proceed to the
consideration of that bill; that that, is a con-
sideration, that is an argument, that is a rea-
son why we should proceed to the considera-
tion of that bill now, but is not a reason why
we should decide that question one way or the
other.
I entirely agree with the Chair, of course,
that the merits of a bill are not open to dis-
cussion on a motion to take it up. It is a
question of fact upon which I differed with the
Chair. I insist that the remark I made does
not tend to settle the question of the tea and
coffee bill at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. The latitude of debate, I
am aware, in this body has been very broad.
Indeed, 1 think the Chair ruled on one occa-
sion that anything was in order if the Senator
who said it thought himself he was in order.
That I thought was rather a broader latitude
in legislative debate than anything I had ever
witnessed. But I do believe that it is wise and
expedient to restrict the debates of this body
within their legitimate limits; and certainly,
as one Senator, I will lend the aid of my vote
in sustaining the Chair to keep the debates of
this body within proper limitations. I shall
do so because I believe it will aid in the pro-
motion and discharge of our public duties,
and that we shall in that way accomplish much
more business m a given time. When I say
that, however, I am compelled to come to the
conclusion that the distinction which the
Chair has drawn on this occasion is one not
well founded in the rule. I voted on the
division when the Senate divided a few mo
1 inents ago under a misapprehension. I voted
I with the minority. I so voted because I was
in favor of keeping before this body the appro-
priation bill, and I supposed tbere'would be
some member of that committee who would
insist upon its merits and thenecessity of keep-
ing it here.
Now, in the order of debate, while it is the
rule, and ought to be the rule, that the merits
of other questions shall not be open to discus-
sion, certainly that does not include a refer-
ence to another billforthe purpose of showing
a greater importance to one measure which
you would take up over tliat which is pending;
and I will state that I would not, vote to take
up this election case, because, without discuss-
ing the merits of it at all, 1 believe there was
more merit and more public necessity in con-
tinuing the appropriation bill until it should
be finally determined by the Senate. It does
seem to me we may as well vote without dis-
cussion and vote blind if we are not permitted
to state what are the opposing measures to
which the attention of the Senate is invited,
not to discuss them.
Applying that rule to this case, did the Sen-
ator lrom Wisconsin discuss in any way or
manner the merits of the tea and cotfee bill?
I think not. He said it was an important bill.
Well, it is important. lie said, I think, that
there was a cry of agony from a certain quarter.
Was that a discussion of the merits? It was
an allusion to the importance of the bill for
the purpose of showing the necessity of taking
up the bill that we could get. at its merits.
Mr. LOGAN. Does not the Senator see
that the language used by the Senator from
Wisconsin that coffee was .screaming in agony
was an evidence that it needed "settling?"
[Laughter. ]
Mr. HAMLIN. As to settling the matter,
whenever we shall get at it, the Senator will
find there is a difference of opinion here as to
which way it shall be settled.
Mr. LOGAN. There is but, one way of
"settling coffee." [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL, it would certainly need
salt. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. It would need salt to savor
it, and although the weather is a little more
mild than it has been, we might want a little
coal to cook it in the right way. [Laughter.]
But this is wandering from the point 1 make.  
While I hold that it is wise and well to hold
on to the rules, and that we shall advance our
business by doing so, yet within certain limita-
tions Senators must be allowed to refer to op-
posing measures, or how shall we know -which
of two measures demands our attention at
the present time? I disagree with the Chair
always with great reluctance-; but I think the
limitation laid down is too narrow. It is a
discussion on the met its when you proceed to
show what are the merits ol the bill and what
are its demerits, but not an allusion to i he bill
at least enough to suggest to Senators the im-
portance of considering one over the oilier.
For these reasons I shall be compelled to
vote against sustaining the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to lay the appeal
on the table. We have spent almost an hour
in this discussion.
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 48, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron, Cole, Cooper, Oorbett,
Davis oi West Virginia. Fenton, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Golcltbw.ute, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamillon of Texas. ITliHiuj Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Nye, Patterson. Pome-
roy, Prat4, Rice, Robertson, Sauisoury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wil-
son, and Windom—48.
NAYS—Messrs.Buckingham, Carpenter.Conkling,
Edmunds, Freltnghuysen. IXambn. Howe, Morrill of
Maine. Pool, Scott, and Wright—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Casserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Cragm. Davis of Kentucky,
Flanagan, Norw ,od. Osborn, Ramsey, Sherman,
Stewart, and Vickers—14.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid on the table.
-The VICE PRESIDENT. The ques'ion
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the North Carolina election case, on
which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
is still entitled to the floor.
