3532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
question, Mr. Speaker, whether we will allow
those men, who are not only carrying out the
original wishes of the Government, but are
carrying out the wishes of the State of Kansas,
a little additional time wherein they may do
the work all the better and more satisfactorily,
not only to the Government, but to the people
of that State. It is not a new grant; it is
not a revival of an expired grant; it is simply
an act of favor allowing more time to do a
good work and a needed work. It ought also
to be recollected that there is a certain condi-
tion in this grant, namely, that the road is com-
pel^ to carry over it all the troops and sup-
plies of the United States Army as they may
be required. The Secretary of War in a let-
ter states that it cost about two hundred and
sixty thousand dollars the past year for freight,
which would be saved to the Government if
the road were completed, and when completed
it will save to the Government not less than
$50,000 a year.
Now these lands are yet under the control
of Kansas. The Kansas Legislature ask that
there be a little more time given. It is not
right, as no forfeiture has worked, to ask a
well-meaning and organized company to build
three hundred miles of railroad in ten months.
Nothing is lost, but simply the Legislature of
Kansas come here and ask that the Govern-
ment will give to a well-meaning company
a little additional time to complete the road.
I have not myself examined, to my mind, a
fairer case. I cannot think that any one,
although he may question the policy of original
land grants will say that there is anything in this
case that can even excite the suspicion of
such people. Moreover, that there might be
no objection at all, we have allowed a shorter
time than was asked; the Legislature asked
that the time be extended to 1877, and the
committee has cut that time down. We also
impose a condition that a certain portion
of the lands hitherto given without condition
or restriction shall be hereafter sold to actual
settlers at $2 50 an acre, and this ought to
commend itself to every individual member
of the House.
I move the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not ask the previous question on such a bill as
this. I desire to offer an amendment to it.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will yield for remarks,
but not for amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a state-
ment in reference to this land grant. In the
darkest hour of the late war, when men were
trembling here in the capital, when guns
were firing at Island Number Ten and all
along the line, a body of men csfrne here to
this capital and got certain bills passed in
view of the great opening future of the far
West. Among others, a land grant was ob-
tained for the State of Kansas, which was
shortly afterward granted to certain corpora-
tions. This particular grant to the Topeka
line was not made originally to the gentlemen
who now hold it, for it unhappily has occurred
that all these land grants are simply franchises
and means of speculation from hand to hand,
until ultimately some persons get hold of the
grant of lands because they are sufficiently
valuable to justify entering on the real enter-
prise of constructing the road. This grant of
land was obtained m a spirit fearfully in con-
flict with the awful struggle through which the
country was passing at that hour. It did not
possess any merit on the score of the wants
and necessities of the Government; but the
bill was carried through the House, as I well
remember, because all eyes were turned to
the battle-fields, and few men were here to
secure the vast estate which the soldiers who
were fighting all along the line should have
been entitled to instead. The very outset,
the beginning of the grant, is a condemnation
of it.
In the next place, as to the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas which have been
read here, what has been proved before another
tribunal within the last few months, shows
that the fearful power that these corporations
exert they are beginning to exert as much in
Kansas as elsewhere over the public bodies
they desire to control.
Now this road cannot be completed within
the original time fixed. There will be left
unfinished at least two hundred miles of the
road, and thus two hundred million acres of
land will revert to the people if you do not
extend the grant beyond the3dday of March
next. If you do extend it, with the energy
which the people of Massachusetts have always
displayed—for this is a Massachusetts corpor-
ation and not a Kansas one—they will be able
to complete the road within the period of the
extension, and appropriate to themselves this
vast body of lands which would otherwise
revert to the people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
give way for a motion to adjourn, which I
desire to make in the interest of the clerks,
who say that they have much business to
transact?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will, after intimatingthe
amendment I desire to offer.
Mr. DUNNELL. I hope the House will
not adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. If the House shall now
adjourn, will this bill come up the first thing
in the morning?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field.) Should the House adjourn now, this
bill will go over until to-morrow night's ses-
sion, as the previous question will not be
operating.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Dunnell] yielded to the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] only for the purpose of
making some remarks, and that he has no
right to yield to another to make the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
California remember that there are others
here who have some rights on this floor as
well as himself, and that the gentleman from
Minnesota can protect his own rights as well
as the gentleman from California can protect
them for him?
Mr. SARGENT. Then let the gentleman
from Minnesota speak for himself and not the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. You need not speak for
him.
Mr. DUNNELL. I did not yield the floor
for any such purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] has the floor, and
yields to ine for a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Minnesota has the floor; the gen-
tleman from Indiana is speaking in the time
of the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I should like
to know what the gentleman from Minnesota
proposes to do.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from
Minnesota does not yield 
Mr. DUNNELL. I desire to resume the
floor for the purpose of calling the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before that is done I wish
to indicate the amendment I propose to offer.
There should be some condition upon this
grant, and the only condition, perhaps, that
we can impose upon it is to limit the price at
which the land shall hereafter be sold by this
company.
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not yield for any
such amendment. I call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will
vote down the previous question so that I can
offer my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, and let us vote down
the call for the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well. I will
withdraw that motion so that the vote can be
taken upon the previous question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
from Minnesota yield to me before he calls the
previous question.
Mr. DUNNELL. I cannot yield now. I
insist upon the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding
the previous question; and there were forty-
one in the affirmative.
Before the negative vote was taken,
Mr. DUNNELL said: I will withdraw the
call for the previous question, and yield to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] for a
few minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
If the gentleman from Minnesota withdraws
his call for the previous question he yields the
floor unconditionally.
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not yield the floor
unconditionally; only to the gentleman from
Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Minnesota has the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. Can he withdraw his call
for the previous question after the vote on one
side has been taken?
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a point
of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. My point of older
is that there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That does
not appear from any vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House is dividing on
the call for the previous question, and one
side only has voted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Minnesota has withdrawn his call
for the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the Chair decide
that a call for the previous question can be
withdrawn after the affirmative vote has been
taken, and before the negative vote is called
for?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Dunnell] can withdraw his call for the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I must appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the House?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn, if the Chair will enter-
tain any motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has not the floor to make that motion.
The gentleman from Minnesota has the floor,
and yields to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood that
the Chair was about to put the question to
the House on the appeal from his decision.
To do that the gentleman from Minnesota
must have taken his seat.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will withdraw
his appeal.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw it.
Mr. DUNNELL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] for five
minutes.
Mr. I^ARNS WORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me to make a motion
to adjourn, in the interest of thereporters and
clerks, who must be overworked.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know that I
have a right to yield for that purpose.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a point
of order. I want a decision on the point of
