1?4G
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
[No. 892.]
Mr. Austin to Mr. Jlailey.
Colonial Secretary's Office,
August 15,1871.
SlK: I am directed by his excellency the lieuten-
ant governor to iorwardforyour consideration a let-
ter which has been sent to this department by the
registrar general, in reference to the action alleged
to have been taken by Mr. George Payne, an Amer-
ican citizen, regarding emigration to San Francisco.
I beg to draw your attention to that part of Mr.
Smith's letter in which he refers to the evasion of
the emigration laws of the colony, which mustneoes-
sarily have resulted from the signature of contracts
after the departure of the steamer.
I have, &o., I. GARDNER AUSTIN.
[No. 430.]
Mr. Austin to Mr. Bailey.
Colonial Secretary's Office,
September 11, 1871.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 6th instant, and to forward to
you, in accordance with your request, a copy of the
letter addressed to this department by the registrar
general, in reference to tho coolies recently em-
barked for San Francisco by Mr. Payne.
X have, &c., I. GARDNER AUSTIN.
The cooly's letter referred to iti Mr. Smith's
note is short but very impressive. I read it:
"The committee of the hospital should come for-
ward to save human lives,
" There was a Hakka named Lai-on, who seyeral
times last year took people over to Macao and sold
them; thus he and his brothers ate human flesh.
"On the24thof this month acertain toreignerwho
does not belong to any firm, unlawfully induced
people togo to loroigncouutiios, which arc twice the
distance to California, at live dollar.-, a head. More
than ten brokers dared not to undeitake the busi-
ness. but Lal-on undertook it, and brought some
printed forms to our villages audinduced the people
to go to the interior ol' California. You had better
go to the On-ki emigration house on Wing-on street,
where you can obtain a pnntedfonn and requcsttlie
harbor-master not to allow people to go. Also have
a notice posted up at the California mail steamer's
wharf. ThiswiH be the, means ot saving men's lives,
as on the 21th or 25th days they will go on board the
California ship, where they will receive tlieir pay
and prooeed on their voyage.''
This enabled the registrar general to warn
this ship-load; but listen to the kidnapper
himself:
" I am Lai-ou, master of the On-kee shop, No. 31
Wing-on lone. I am acting as emigration agent for
Mr. Q. B. Payne. Mr. Payne promised to givo to
myself five dollars as commission, and two, throe,
or live dollars as expenses and commission to the
sub-agent for every emigrant Irom the iuterior, and
shipped on board the Calilornia steamer that leaves
heio to-morrow. I had got on board the steamer
yesterday for Mr. Payne, altogether, two hundred
and seventy men. Belore they went on board each
ot them was promised to be paid an advance of five
dollars at ten a. m. this morning. At eight a. in.
this morning there were anout foriy or fifty of tho,e
men from the steamer who came to my shop asking
me to give them five dollars each as promised. 1
told them that Mr. Payne said ihat they could not
be paid until (he bank is opened, which will be ten
o'clock. They commenced to abuse me, and accus-
ing mc of selling them as pigs, lot which two of their
fellow-men hist their lives by jumping overboard
auddrowning themselves. They then smashed every-
thing in the shop ; even tho sign-board outside was
broken. Tho whole of the two hundred and seventy
men have left tho steamer."
When the men came from the interior, and before
they were shipped on board, all their expenses for
board and lodging were paid by mo. From the day
I undertook tho agoney up to this day I have al-
ready spent a sum .of six or seven hundred dollars.
There was to be an agreement between Mr. Payne
and myself, and another between Mr. Payne and
the«mignmts, but all of them have not been signed.
Before the emigrants were taken to the harbor-
master's office, where each of tliom got a paper from
that office to go on board, they got passage-tickets
from the California Mail Steamer Company's oihee.
These tiekofca were given to theui by me, and were
handed over to mo by Mr. Payne. They went on
board of ttieir own will and accord, I never used any
improper means or force of any kind to secure them
on board. When thoy were at tho harbor-master's
office, I asked theui whether they knew where they
were going to, and whether they were going of their
own accord? They answered in the affirmative.
Incy were farther a-<ked whether or not thoy had
been induced to go by unlawful means? They an-
swered no. Then ihey were passed on to the harbor-
master's offico, tthero they received their papers ur
certilieates going on board the ship.
The above statement was made by Lai-on on Sat-
urday, the 12th instant. C. C. S.
K. «.
Lruc copies:
X. Gaj;diner Austin, Colonial Secretary,
He first stales his infamous contract with
Payne, and then in a tone of injured inno-
cence, which would be ludicrous if it did not
stow such abominable depravity, complains
that his poor dupes had found him out and
left before they signed the contract which was
to make them slaves.
Who among you but has shuddered at the
bare recital of the .barbarities of the old Afri-
can slave trade, and who among you but
could shed very tears to know that in the last
part, of the nineteenth century those barbari-
ties are being reproduced and multiplied, while
this great Republic, the first-born of liberty
and the special guardian of human freedom,
sits idly by and refuses even to stretch forth
a hand (o warn the damning traffic from her
own shores! What incident of the old slave
trade is more appalling than the burning of
the cooly ship Dolores Ugarte on the 6th of
May last, together with six hundred and sixty-
five coolies. As Mr. Bailey says in his dis-
patch on the subject:
"Truly Providence seems to have set her apart to
shock the nations with a new horror that shall star-
tle them to their duty in suppressing this infamous
slave trade. On Saturday, the 6th, the ship was dis-
covered to be on tire in the hold, where the coolies
were kept. The captain states ' that, with a view to
save his own and his crews' lives, he battened down
the hatches on the passengers, and took to the boats.'
The ship was burned to the water's edge, and with
it over six hundred victims of this atrocious traffic
in men."
Chief Justice Srnaie, in the decision from
which I have read during the course of these
remarks, says that he has endeavored to make
a list of the cooly ships burnt or sunk together
with all on board, and that he finds that in a
very short time some seven ships with about
three thousand coolies have been thus de-
stroyed.
In the Nouvelle Penelope the coolies who
had not yet signed their contracts sought to
free themselves from their captois by death,
and two of them actually escaped in this way.
They sprang overboard and were drowned.
Epics are written to commemorate deeds less
heroic than this. Let not these poor coolies
die unhonored and unsung. Enact a law which
will prevent their countrymen from sharing
their fate, and you will have erected to their
honor a monument, more enduring than the
grandest epic ever yet sung.
But we come now to 1 lie objection that the
cooiy is by our laws free as soon as he lands
upon American soil. To those unacquainted
wnh the Chinese this would seem to be unan-
swerable ; but, a very slight reference to their
customs and tueir religious belief will demon-
strate the utter falsity of this proposition.
There are three different religions in China;
but they seem now, although still having sepa-
rate temples and a distinct priesthood, to be
far advanced in the process of amalgamation,
at least the common people seem to believe in
the superstitions and practice the rites of each.
Their worship and adoration appear to be ac-
corded to the gods of either of these religions,
with an impaitialiiy and an indifference that
are perfectly horrifying to the believer in the
one true God—
"The indigenous religion of China"—
says Mr. Lay, in his excellent work on the
moral, social and literary character of the
Chinese—
"is a, system of polytheism, which, like the the-
ogonies of Egypt and Greece, is nothing more than
a congeries of canonized fables. The regions of the
sky, the earth, and the sea are parted into different
presidencies, under the tutelage of some particular
deity."
This indigenous religion, as Mr. Lay calls
it, is represented by, or rather divided into, two
sects, called the sect of Taow and the Confu-
cians or sect of the learned. The former of
these, though infinitely more interesting to the
student., in the weird mysticisms, of its rites,
and in the almost exhaustless number and
variety of its idols, than the latter, ean serve
no purpose in this argument, hut among the
superstitions of Confucianism we find one of
the irresistible reasons which impels the poor
exiled cooly to work out his slave contract
with scrupulous exactions, even in a land
whose beneficent laws would strike the self-
imposed chains from his limbs and give him
all the rights of a free man. I allude to the
worship of ancestral tablets. These, after the
proper ceremonies have imbued them with the
spirit of their departed ancestors, are set up
either in what are called ancestral halls or in
private dwellings, and woe to the Chinese
devotee who does not worship these tablets at
stated periods. The poor cooly's life would
indeed be a hell upon earth if.he lost all hqpe
of offering at some time sacrifices to the spirits
of his ancestors, which he believes at stated
times are encased in these mysterious tablets,
or if he lost all hope that in case of death his
bones would be returned to his home that a
tablet might be raised to his memory, and he
in turn become a household god to his pos-
terity. If his contract is broken he knows he
cannot return either dead or alive to China.
Noristbis all. If these mysterious rites are
not performed he is threatened with an eternity
of damnation. And the Chinese idea of hell
is not a very pleasant place to contemplate as a
future residence. Lakes of blood into which
the wicked are thrown ; red-hot iron pillars
which the sinner must embrace ; devouring
aqd ferocious lions, tigers, snakes, and other
terrible animals roam at large; mountains
stuck all over with knives, upon the points
of which the condemned are cast down; cut-
ting out of tongues, strangling, and sawing
asunder between flaming posts are very com-
mon there; the condemned creeping into the
skins of hideous animals, in the form of which
they are destined to appear again on earth;
boiling of the wicked in caldrons; horned
demons, with swords, spears, hatchets, and
hooks : wretched mortals alternately shiver-
ing with indescribable cold, and burned to
coals with fierce fires, give some idea of the
place the poor cooly thinks he will be cast
into should he break his contract, and be pro-
hibited from returning to China.
But before this bell is reached another pun-
ishment after death awaits him. The doctrine
of metempsychosis, as introduced into China
by the Buddhists, has there gained univeisal
credence, and by it the cooly is taught that a
contract broken in life must be fulfilled in the
most ignominious manner after death ; that
the soul of the contract-breaker enters into the
form of a dog, a horse, an ox, or some other
domestic animal, and is compelled in that
mean disguise to work out the unexpired time
for the person to whom, under his contract,
he owed his labor in life.
Thus gentlemen will see that it matters not
what country he may be in, or how many be-
neficent laws he may invoke for his protection,
the cooly's religious belief, his superstitions,
his hopes of heaven and his fears of hell, all
combine to compel a strict observance of his
labor contract. If he comes here a slave no
earthly power can free him till his contract
expires.
X have now, Mr. Speaker, shown von by
unimpeachable evidence, and by proofs to
which I challenge contradiction, that there
exists between China and other parts of the
world a slave trade so vast in its proportions
and so horrible in its details that it might even
now dispute the bad preeminence of crime
which has hitherto been accorded to its Afri-
can prototype.
It would seem that a plain statement of the
facts, even in my crude and unpolished style,
would be enough to excite the indignation of
every Christian man within the sound of my
voicc, and would impel each and every lover
of his kind upon this floor to rise up and do
all in his power to stamp out this damning
traffic in human flesh; but there are yet other
weighty considerations why this bill should
pass, to which I desire briefly to call the
attention of the House.
As the friends of human liberty, it is emi-
nently just and proper that a Republican Con-
gress should do all in its power to prevent
slavery in any land and among any people;
