1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
cents for each letter carried by such vessel
between ports or places in the United States,
or from any foreign port to any port in the
United States; but all such letters shall be
deposited in the post office at the port of
arrival.
Sec. 226. That any person who shall paint,
print, or ia any manner place upon or attach
to any steamboat or other vessel, or any stage-
coach or other vehicle, not actually used in
carrying the mail, the words " United States
mail," or any words, letters, or characters
of like import; any person who shall give
notice, by publishing in any newspaper or
otherwise, that any steamboat or other vessel,
or any stage-coach or other vehicle is used in
carrying the mail, when the same is not actu-
ally so used, every person so offending, or
wilfully aiding or abetting therein, shall, on
conviction thereof, for every such offence, for-
feit and pay not less than one hundred dollars
nor more than five hundred dollars.
Sec. 226. That every route agent, postal
clerk, or other carrier of the mail shall receive
any mail matter presented to him, if properly
prepaid by stamps, and deliver the same for
mailing at the next post office at which he
arrives; but no fees shall be allowed him
therefor.
Sec. 227. That any person concerned in
carrying the mail, who shall collect, receive,
or carry any letter or packet, or cause or pro-
cure the same to be done, contrary to law,
shall, on conviction thereof, for every such
offence, forfeit and pay not exceeding fifty
dollars.
Sec. 228. That no person shall establish
any private express for the conveyance of
letters or packets, or in any manner cause or
provide for the conveyance of the same by
regular trips or at stated periods, over any
post route which is or may be established by
law, or from any city, town or place to any
other city, town or place between which the
mail is regularly carried; and every person
so offending, or aiding or assisting therein,
shall, for each offence, forfeit and pay one
hundred and fifty dollars.
Sec. 229. That the owner of every stage-
coach, railway car, steamboat, or other vehicle
or vessel, which shall, with the knowledge of
any owner, in whole or in part, or with the
knowledge or connivance of the driver, con-
ductor, master or other person having charge
of the same, convey any person acting or
employed as a private express for the con-
veyance of letters or packets, and actually in
possession of the same for the purpose of
conveying them contrary to the spirit, true
intent, and meaning of this law, shall, for
every such offence, forfeit and pay one hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Sec. 230. That no person shall transmit by
private express or other unlawful means, or
deliver to any agent of such unlawful express,
or deposit, or cause to be deposited, at any
appointed place, for the purpose of being
tiausmitted, any letter or packet, and for every
such offence the party so offending shall for-
feit and pay fifty dollars.
Sec. 231. That no stage coach, railway car,
steamboat, or other vehicle or vessel which
regularly performs trips at stated periods on
any post route, or from any city, town, or
place to any other city, town, or place between
which the mail is regularly carried, shall carry,
otherwise than in the mail, any letters or pack-
ets, except such as relate to some part ol the
cargo of such steamboat or other vessel, or to
some article carried at the same time by the
same stage coach, railway car, or other vehicle,
except as provided in section two hundred ana
thirty-nine; and for every such offence the
owner of the stage-coach, railway car, steam-
boat, or other vehicle or vessel shall forfeit and
pay one hundred dollars; and the driver, con-
ductor, master, or other person having charge
thereof, and not at the time owner of the whole
or any part thereof, shall in like manner for-
feit and pay for every such offence fifty dollars.
Sec. 232. That no person shall carry any
letter or packet on board any vessel which
carries the mail otherwise than in such mail,
except as provided in. section two hundred
and thirty-nine; and for every such offence
the party offending shall forfeit and pay fi%
dollars.
Sec. 238. That no vessel departing from the
United States for any foreign port shall re-
ceive on board or convey any letter or packet
originating in the United States which has not
been regularly received from the post office at
the portof departure, and which does not relate
to the cargo of said vessel, except as provided
in section two hundred and thirty-nine; and
every collector, or other officer of the port
empowered to grant clearances shall require
from the master of such vessel, as a condition
of clearance, an oath or affirmation that he
has not received on board, has not under
his care or control, and will not receive or
convey any letter or packet contrary to the
provisions of this section.
Sec. 234. That no vessel arriving within
any port or collection district of the United
States shall be allowed to make entry or break
bulk until all letters on board are delivered at
the nearest post office, and the master thereof
has signed and sworn to the following decla-
ration, before the collector or other proper
customs officer:
"I, A. B., master of the   , arriving
from^ , andnowlyingintheportof ,
do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have, to
the best of my knowledge and belief, delivered,
at the post office at ■ , every letter, and
every bag, packet, or parcel of letters, which
were on board the said vessel during her last
voyage, or which were in my possession or
under my power or control."
And any master who shall break bulk before
he has delivered such letters shall, on convic-
tion thereof, forfeit not exceeding one hundred
dollars for every such offence, one half to the
officer making the seizure, and the other to the
use of the United States.
Sec. 235. That any special agent of the Post
Office Department, when instructed by the
Postmaster General to make examinations and
seizures, and the collector or other customs
officer of any port without special instructions,
shall carefully search all vessels for letters
which may be on board or which have been
conveyed contrary to law._
Sec. 236. That any special agent of the Post
Office Department, collector, or other customs
officer, or United States marshal or his deputy,
may at all times seize all letters and bags, pack-
ets or parcels, containing letters which are
being carried contrary to law or [on] board
any vessel or on any post route, and convey
the same to the nearest post office, or may, by
the direction of the Postmaster General or
Secretary of the Treasury, detain them until
two months after the final determination of all
suits and proceedings which may, at any time
within six months after such seizure, be brought
against any person for sending or carryiug such
letters. , , . ,
Sec. 237. That every package or parcel seized
by any special agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment, collector, or other customs officer, or
United States marshal orhis deputies, in which
any letter is unlawfully concealed, shall be for-
feited to the United States, and the same pro-
ceedings may be had to enforce the forfeiture
as are authorized in respect to goods, wares,
and merchandise forfeited for violation of the
revenue laws; and all laws for the benefit and
protection of customs officers making seizures
for violating said revenue laws shall apply to
officers making seizures forviolating the postal
laws.
Sec. 238. That nothing herein contained shall
be construed to prohibit the conveyance or
transmission of letters or packets by private
hands without compensation, or by special
messenger employed for the particular occa-
sion only.
Sec. 239. That all letters inclosed in stamped
envelopes (the postage-stamp in every case
being of a denomination sufficient to cover the
postage that would be chargeable thereon if
the same were sent by mail) may be sent, con-
veyed, and delivered otherwise than by mail,
provided such envelope shall be duly directed
and properly sealed, so that the letter cannot
be taken therefrom without defacing the en-
velope, and the date of the letter or of the
transmission or receipt thereof shall be written
or stamped upon the envelope. But the Post-
master General may suspend the operation of
this section upon any mail route where, the
public interest may require such suspension.
Sec. 240. That when the amount of mail
matter to be carried on any mail route is so
great as to seriously retard the progress or
endanger the security of the letter mail, or
materially increase the cost of carriage at the
ordinary rate of speed, the Postmaster Gen-
eral may provide for the separate carriage of
the letter mail at the usual rate of speed ; but
the other mail matter shall not be delayed any
more than is absolutely necessary, having due
regard to the cost of expedition and the means
at his disposal for effecting the same.
Sec. 241. That any person who shall know-
ingly and wilfully obstruct or retard the passage
of the mail, or any earring, horse, driver, or
carrier carrying the same, shall, on conviction
thereof, for every such offence, forfeit and pay
not exceeding one hundred dollars.
Sec. 242. That any ferryman who shall delay
the passage of the mail by wilful neglect or
refusal to transport the same across any ferry
shall, for every ten minutes such mail may be
so delayed, forfeit and pay ten dollars.
Sec. 213. That before making any contract
for carrying the mail, other than those here-
inafter excepted, the Postmaster General shall
give public notice by advertising once a week
for six weeks in one or more, not exceeding
five, newspapers published in the State or
Territory where the service is to be performed,
one of which shall be published at the seat of
government of such State or Territory ; and
such notice shall describe the route, the tune
at which the mail is to be made up, the time
at which it is to be delivered, and the fre-
quency of the service; and the Postmaster
General shall direct, by special order in each
case, the newspapers in which mail let tings,
or other proposals relative to the business of
his Department, shall be advertised, and no
publisher shall be paid for such advertise-
ments without having been requested by the
Postmaster General to publish the same.
sec. 244. That proposals for carrying the
mail shall be delivered sealed, and so kept
until the bidding is closed, and shall then hrt
opened and marked in the presence of iho
Postmaster General, and one of the A.ssista t
Postmasters General, or of two of the Assist-
ant Postmasters General, or of any other two
officers of the Department, to be designated
by the Postmaster General; and any bidder
may withdraw his bid at any time before
twenty-four hours previous to the time fixed
for the opeuing of proposals, by serving upon
the Postmaster General, or the Second Assist-
ant Postmaster General, notice in writing of
such withdrawal.
Sec. 245. That every proposal for carrying
the mail shall be accompanied by a written
guarautee, signed by ,one or more responsible
