1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2637
Mr. HOWE. I cannot make any use of
the floor now. [Laughter.]
Mr. ElRELINGHu YSEN. Mr. President,
the only objection to proceeding with the tea
and coffee bill that seems to have much force
in it is that urged by the Senator from Ver-
mont, that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance is not here. I think, under the state-
ment of the fact that he was informed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania that this bill was
to be brought up, and he made no request that
it should not be brought up in his absence,
and from the fact that he has stated in the
presence of us all that he considered that
question concluded, it would be treating the
chairman of the Committee on Finance un-
fairly to visit upon him the injury which may
arise from delsiy. I think he would regret 
Mr. CARPENTER. I rise to a point of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin rises to a point of order, which he
will state.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to know if it is
not as much out of order to say the hardship
ought not to be charged upon a certain Senator
as it is to say that there is a hardship?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point of order, upon a clear distinc-
tion which the Senator from Wisconsin will
appreciate, that remarks in regard to the ab
sence of Senators on account of sickness or
on account of other things, and that there-
fore bills in which they are interested ought
not to be taken up, are certainly legitimate
and do not touch the merits of the question
proposed to be considered, because no reply
to them will involve the merits of that partic-
ular bill, while other language has been used
by other Senators during the course of this
debate that does touch the vital question as to
whether the bill is meritorious, and therefore
•ought or ought not to be considered. Hence,
the Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I make this re-
mark, not so much for its influence upon this
vote as that I really consider it a duty that I
owe to the chairman of the Committee on
Finance 
Mr. CARPENTER. I rise to a point of
order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will quit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin rises to a point of order,
which he will state.
Mr. CARPENTER. As the Senator now
explains the object of his remarks, it is cer-
tainly not bearing on the question before the
Senate of taking up this case, and must be
out of order under the ruling of the Chair, I
think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin renews the point of order.
The Chair thinks it is the same point of order,
which, by parliamentary law, cannot be re-
newed even with the suggestion of additional
reasons, it being contrary to the canon of
parliamentary law.
Mr. CARPENTER. Can I not raise the
same point of order on another subject?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The same point
of order cannot be renewed 
Mr. CARPENTER. On another remark?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The same point
of order cannot be renewed even with the sug-
gestion of additional reasons. So the par-
liamentary law states. If, however, the Sen-
ator will state his precise point, the Chair will
rule upon it, with great pleasure.
Mr. CARPENTER. I raised one point of
order, that a remark of the Senator was out of
order, not applying to the subject, and the
Chair overruled me. He then made another
remark, and I raise a point of order on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will state the words he excepts to, which differ
from the previous words that he excepted
to the Chair will rule upon them with great
pleasure.
Mr. CARPENTER. It would be impossible
for me to repeat them. I withdraw the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin withdraws the point of order,
and the Senator from New Jersey surrenders
the floor.
Mr. COLE. I desire to submit a report
from a conference committee, which I think is
in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
a conference committee cannot be in order any
more than a question of privilege, during the
pendency of other business, except by unani-
mous consent, and the Senator from Kansas
objects. The question again recurs on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, to proceed
to the consideration of the contested-election
case, upon which the yeas and nays were
ordered, and the Secretary will now call the
roll.
Mr. WEST. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from California, [Mr. Cas-
serly,] who is engaged in the Supreme Court.
If he were here he would vote '• yea," and I
should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 22 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Carpenter,
Cooper, Davis of "West Virginia, Ferry of Connoeti-
cut, Perry of Michigan, Goidthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Poineroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Iiice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Winuom, and
Wright—35.
NaYS — Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm, Fenton,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Ilamlin, Howe, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nve, Patterson, Sawyer,
Scott. Spencer, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky,
Edmunds, Flanagan. Norwood, Osborn, Pool, Sher-
man, Stewart, Vickers, and West—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
legislative, ktc., appropriation ulll.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The North Caro-
lina election case is before the Senate, and by
the understanding, it' the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Pool] claimed the floor, he was
to be entitled to it when the consideration of
that case was resumed. If he does not now
claim the floor, the Senator from California
has risen for some purpose.
Mr. COLE. I rise to submit a report from
a conference committee. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
North Carolina election case, the Senatorfrom
California asks leav.e to submit a conference
report.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the con-
ference committee on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1060)
making appropriation for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses ot'the Government
for the year ending June 30,1873, and for other
purposes.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that
report being acted upon if it is not going to
take time, and if it is to be subject to a demand
for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois states that he will give way for
the consideration of this report, provided it
should not give rise to debate. The guestion
is on agreeing to the report.
Mr. CONKLING. If we are to vote upon
this report in a block without inspection, the
bill is to become a law absolutely without any
knowledge on the part of the Senate, or any
possibility of knowledge, if we are to vote now,
as to what it contains. The report commences
in the ordinary way by reciting by numbers a
long roll of amendments made by the Senate
and from which the Senate is to recede. I
should like to know, and 1 think other Sena-
tors would like to know, to what some of those
amendments and agreements relate, and there-
fore I suggest either that the bill lie on the
table until Senators have an opportunity to
look at it, or else that the Senator having it
in charge shall take the bill and going from
one to another shall make some remarks upon
these amendments to enable us to distinguish
them in some way and know to what they re-
late. I do not care which course is taken, but
I should like before we vote to know what
some of these numbers refer to. Of course it
is a mere leap in the dark reading that the
Senate recede from amendments forty-one,
forty-five, forty-eight, and so on. It is just aB
if any other sounds were heard here which
convey no impression whatever to the mind of
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I presume
the chairman of the committee - is ready to
make any proper explanation.
Mr. CONKLING. If the chairman is ready
to explain the report, very well.
Mr. COLE rose.
Mr. LOGAN. If this report is to give rise
to debate, and I am satisfied it will, 1 call for
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
do that as soon as the Senator from California
concludes his remarks, if there appears to be
further debate.
Mr. BOREMAN. This is a matter difficult
of understanding, and I suggest that it go over
until to-morrow morning, and that the amend-
ment suggested by the conference committee
be printed.
Mr. COLE. I have information from the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
of the House that it is very desirable for the
Senate to act upon this report at an early hour
to-day in order that it may be disposed of in
that body. It has to be reported here first
under the orders of the two Houses.
Now, Mr. President, to go overall the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on this bill
would of course require a great deal of time,
much more than the Senate would be willing
to have consumed on a matter of this sort. If
any Senator has any question to ask on any
particular point or points of disagreement be-
tween the two Houses, some member of the
conference committee will be very glad to
state the action of the committee upon that
point or those points; and I think probably
that is about all that will be required for the
satisfaction of the Senate. To go over the
whole of these amendments, as Senators must
know,, would take a very considerable time.
Many of the disagreements, of course, are of
very little imp'ortance, indeed relating in some
cases merely to the amount of a salary or appro-
priation, and need no explanation probably.
There are a few points, however, upon
which there has been action by the confer-
ence committee which probably would need
explanation on the part of that committee to
the two Houses. For example, their action
on the question of the salaries ol judges, a
prominent amendment, and also on the ques-
tion of the squares proposed to be purchased
in connection with the Capitol grounds, and
perhaps one or two other amendments that
do not now occur to me. Those are the
particular points about which an explanation
will probably be desired.
• Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ithinkthere
are four prominent points in this report that
can be very briefly stated. First, in relation to
the appropriation for civil service reform, the
House amended the Senate amendment by
striking out $50,000 and inserting $10,000, and
it was agreed in committee of conference to
accept $25,000.
In relation to the increase of salary of dis-
trict and circuit judges, they were all stricken
out with the exception of the Court of Claims
and the supreme court of this District.
Mr. HILL. There is nothing about the
supreme court of the District in the amend-
ment of the Senate. There was no change
made in their salaries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Tben in rela-
tion to the salaries of the different officers of
