1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
but as patriotic statesmen, guarding jealously
the rights, the interests, and the liberties of
this Republic, it is not only our privilege, but
it is our sworn duty, to zealously guard our
own people from contact with slavery in any
of its hideous forms. It needs no historian to
tell this House that we have but yesterday
closed a gigantic war, caused solely by the
conflict between free labor and slave labor—a
war which shook the Republic to its very
foundations, and the effects of which are still
vibrating painfully throughout the land. And
it needs no prophet to tell you that you are, by
a mistaken policy, in favor of a nation Of
pagan slaveholders building up in the far West
a slave system which is encroaching day by day
and foot by foot upon the domain of freedom,
until at last the irrepressible conflict between
the two elements must culminate in an erup-
tion whose end no man can foretell.
The Chinese who come to our shores could
never, even if released from the bonds of
pagan superstition, become a homogeneous
people with us. Their ideas of government
are so entirely distinct from ours that repub-
licanism is completely beyond their concep-
tion. As the mind of the holiest man tne
earth has produced cannot expand enough
to take in and comprehend the delights, the
glories, and the beatitudes that float around
the throne of the Most High, so the Chinese
mind, enveloped in the superstitions and dark-
ened by the despotisms of ages, cannot expand
enough to comprehend out theory of self-gov-
ernment. A Chinese republican is a simple
impossibility.
Another fallacy is that they are a sober, tnild,
and inoffensive people. This is contradicted
by all who have studied their habits or read
their history. They are a debauched, a cow-
ardly, and a blood-thirsty people. Their
debauchery is not the drunkenness of intox-
icating liquors, but of opium. It is the most
filthy, the most horrible of all debauchery.
Its victims are numbered by thousands, and
its votary may be known by his pallid and
death-like countenance, by his glaring and ex-
pressionless eye, and his restless and uneasy
manner. He has no appetite, no Strength)
his habits of sleep are changed; bis Bhoulders
become Unnaturally high ; the fearful opium
disease sets in, and he dies it! the most excru-
ciating agony. Doolittle, in his excellent work
on The Social Life of the Chinese, says that
though the use of Chinese Whisky is univer-
sal among all classes, there can be no doubt
that opium is the producer of an immensely
greater amount of misery, sickness, poverty,
and death, than Chinese liquors.
That they are cruel and blood-thirsty will be
partially apparent from the fact that female
infanticide is so common among them that
some of their writers on moral ethics refer to
its prevalence without any emotion ot horror
at so atrocious a deed.
But the revolting cruelties attending tne
massacre of the foreign residents at lien-
Tsin on the 21st of June, 1870, show the
" mild and peaceable Chinese" in their true
ch&v&ctGri
The French consul, all the foreign mer-
chants, their wives, daughters, and children,
the Catholic priests, and the Sisters of Mercy,
and about one hundred little orphan children,
were cruelly and premeditatedly murdered by
a Chinese mob under circumstances of the
most revolting barbarity. Having set fire
to the building occupied by the Sisters, they
entered the gates and dragged them into the
street. There they stripped them naked,
exposed them to the public gaze, plucked out
their eyes, cut off their breasts* ripped.
open, dragged out their fceartsj and deliber-
■ ately out them to pieces, and divided portions
of their flesh among the infuriated ■nob-
One account oi this horrible affair says
that—
" Chinese spectators of the bloody scoflB
ether horrors perpetrated on those innocent ladies
that cannot be mentioned. The lady superioress, it
is said, was cut in twain while yet alive. God alone
and the sisters know all they endured of mortal
agony and bodily sufferings. Their modesty out-
raged, their purity defiled, their poor, frail frames
torn asunder, their blood scattered, and their lives
destroyed by savages whose inuiderousra-geinflicted
all these and other outrages amidst a scene ot horror
that alone would be too terrible to encounter."
The mutilated fragments of the bodies of the
dead sisters were, together with the little chil-
dren under their charge, thrown into the burn-
ing ruins, making a horrible holocaust, too
terrible to dwell upon even in imagination.
These are "the mild and peaceable" beings
who, gentlemen think, are the victims of Cali-
fornia prejudice.
But the opposition to this bill that I most
fear comes neither from ignorance of the
enormities of the Chinese slave trade, nor
from a misapprehension of the character of
the Chinese. It comes from the capitalists'
cry that the influx of Chinese cheapens the
wages of labor. This is the true enemy of this
bill, let gentlemen sugar-coat it as they will.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that, superficially
considered, cheap labor may appear to be
advantageous to the country. But even in
this narrow view, it is no longer an open ques-
tion that its supposed advantages are as noth-
ing in the balance when weighed against the
national demoralization of slavery. This ques-
tion has been decided upon the battle-field in
ballots of blood, and the decision is irrevo-
cable.
But I go further, and I confidently assert here
to-day that cheap labor and republican institu-
tions cannot live at the same time 110011 the
same soil. Fair wages for a fair day's work
'is in truth the key-stone of this Republic.
Destroy the first and the latter must crumble
to atoms. It is true that the cheap labor- of
other days has reared grand and beautiful
monuments of architectural skill, and that
under that system nations have become rich,
grand, and powerful; but behind this beauty
and this power there looms up the sullen
specter of despotism, which must inevitably
follow if it does not precede a national system
of cheap labor.
The reasoning is simple and the logic is irre-
sistible. Under the cheap-labor system, which
only pays the laborer enough to purchase the
commonest necessaries of life, his children at
the tenderest age must be put to work to assist
in the support of the family. There is no time
for school, and the child grows up uneducated,
with mind and body alike dwarfed by inces-
sant toil, with 110 hope, no powers, 110 incli-
nation even to better his condition, mid yon
have thus, by throwing the dark mantle of
ignorance and want around him, bound him
down to his father's station in life, with as
little hope of rising from it as an Bast Indian
has of leaving the caste in which he was born.
It almost reaches the dignity of a self-evident
truth that neither general ignorance nor castes
can exist in the same government with repub-
lican institutions. The history of the world,
from the earliest times down to the last mis-
erable mockery of republicanism in France,
teaches this fact, and I believe that thoughtful
minds will uphold me in saying that to-day
the monarchies of Europe owe their stability
to the ignorance and the poverty which cheap
labor produces.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, placed before this
House, in a rough and inartistic way, no doubt,
some of the many reasons why this bill should
pass. The facts presented should draw to its
support as well the Christian philanthropist as
the American statesman. This bill alike pro-
tects the Chinese cooly and the American
laborer. Gentlemen have said upon this floor
that it is impossible to legislate in aid ot labor;
this bill proves the falsity of that assertion.
It has been grandly said by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] that ''Labor is
America," and now, in the name of Uiat
"America," I ask your assistance, not lor a
"circumlocution office" for investigation, but
for the passage of an active, living, breathing
law. which shall forever prohibit the competi-
tion of slave labor with the free labor of the
country.
CONSERVATIVE PARTY IN VIRGINIA DEFENDED.
Mr. BRAXTON. Mr. Speaker, it afforded
me great pleasure on my return to my home
after the adjournment of the first session of
this Congress to be able to say, which I did
on all proper occasions, private and public,
that notwithstanding the he&ted, criminating*
and recriminating debates that I had listened
to here, I had not heard one single unkind
word or sentence uttered agaihst the people
of my State. And I now, sir, indst earnestly
regret that a sense of duly requires me to
notice some remarks of my colleague, [Mr.
Platt,] made when the deficiency bill Was
under consideration, which reflect injuriously
on the citizens of certain localities in Virginia,
where fifteen years of my life as a mati and
boy have been spent. - And let me here say,
sir, if surprise should be felt or expressed at
the delay in making this reply, that I waited
to obtain that which my colleague waS with-
out, that is, proof on which to rest what I have
to say.
Sir, to call in question the integrity of one
man is to assume responsibility. The party
charged is entitled to ah opportunity far his
vindication; and the accuser receives praise
or condemnation as his allegations turn oat to
be true or false. Bat, sii, for one 111 high
position to assail the fairness and honest
purposes of a community, intrusted %ith the
exercise and management of important trusts
involving individual and political rights, not
only impairs the happy results that generally
follow in the wake of honest and upright
action, but it inflicts a wrong for which there
is noadequate remedy, when the assaUltcomes
from the representative of the parties assailed.
Ah d i 11 order that no injustice may be done to my
colleague I here ask to have read liis remarks
as they appear in the Globe, of Which I com-
plain.
The Clerk read as follows :
" And I do S!ty further, that the party Which is
represented on this floor by the gehtlSnMh who has
just spoken, having had the control of the State of
Virginia, have by their acts in every possible way,
except by ati organized Ku Klui system, intimidated
Voters and kept them from exercising the rights
which the laws of this country declared they should
have." «« «* ***
" I wish to call the attontiotl of the committee td
a.n act passed by the Legislature of Virginia only a
few weeks ago, and I challenge the history of this or
any other country to produce a parallel to it. Ih
the city of Norfolk, In my district, there is a con-
siderable Republican majority, but by an unholy
gerrymandering, the Legislature haVe thrown all the
Republican majority into one part of the City, so
that, the common council is equally divided. We
have in the council sis ^Republicans and six Demo-
crats. Of course, in these circumstances, nothing
could be done. Everything was at a deadlock.
There were Republican officers selected by the pre-
vious Republican counoil and by the people. Well,
what did the Legislature of Virginia do? Ihey
passed a law giving one of the men in the council
two votes, so that by one vote hecould produce a tie
and then give a easting and deciding vote; and to-
day we have presented the spectacle of six men with
seven votes—astate ot tilings produced by the Legis-
lature of Virginia to enable them tt) carry out par-
tisan ends and to eject from office the Republicans
elected by the people.
" Now, let me ask the gentleman to carry his Buha
badk to the period two years ago, when in the city
of Richmond Q. W. Chahoon was elected ttiayof. It
was supposed by his party that they were absolutely
certain of Carrying the city; but when the ballots
came to be counted on the night of the election t.bey
iound to their astonishment that the liepublican
party had carried the city of Richmond.. But What
did they do ? The law of Virginia requires, that al-
ter the ballots are counted they shall be put m a box,
and that that box shall be carried by the ollicers bl
election and deposited with the clerk ot the court.
The next morning after tbe election, while the of-
ficer of election of one of the wards was proceeding
with the box containing tno ballots to deposit thena
with the oieik of the court he was attacked in broad
dajlight in the streets of Richmond by men m dis-
guise, the box taken, and its contents scattered to
the winds. . _ , ,
"And although the result of the election was on
record, signed byevery officer of election, thejudges
of election, when they came to m.iko the count. Ill I cw
out the votes of that ward on the ground that the law
had not been complied with, because iliu votes had
