1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44*29
Still what is gained
Mr. RANDALL, We have offered to eon -
sent to the consideration of the bill excepting-
that amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH;
by killing the bill?
Mr. RANDALL. We do not want to kill it.
Mr. I'ARNS WORTH. -That is the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
Cis,] as-1 understand.
Mr, DAWES. I suggest that we non-eon-
cur in the amendment whicii gentlemen are
opposing, and then take up all the other
amendments and consider them. What more
can gentlemen want in reference to that par-
ticular amendment than non-concurrence ?
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman vote
to non-concur?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. So will I.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to vote to non-
concur in everyone of the amendments. Why
should we not- take up the amendments regu-
larly, and non-concur or concur as the House
shall determine, it being understood thstt the
particular amendment now in controversy shall
be non-concurred in?
Mr. RANDALL. I cali for the regular
order.
Mr. BECK. As propositions are the order
of the day, I propose that the Committee on
Appropriations be allowed to retire to their
room, take up the amendments of the Senate,
perfect the bill to suit themselves, and if the
amendment so obnoxious to this side of the
House be struck out we will, I think, agree
unanimously to pass the bill as the Committee
on Appropriation? shall recommend it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But we gain nothing
by that. If the Committee on Appropriations
should report a new bill omitting the objec
tionable amendment and that bill should be
sent to the Senate, we would not thereby ex-
press our disapproval more emphatically than
wewouldby non-concurring. The Senate could
in either event vote the amendment -in again
and-send it back to us.
Mr. RANDALL. I doubt whether they
would.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I doubt whether'
they would if we simply non-concur. I doubt
whether the Senate will insist on this amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to make;a par-
liamentary inquiry. If a committee of confer-
ence should report in favor of this objectionable
Senate amendment, would not the minority
of the House then have the same right with
regard to dilatory motions as they have now ?
'1'heSP-EAKE t{. The dilatory motions which
are now running are running againsta majority
motion, which is that'the House pro'cted to
business oil the Speaker's table. That motion
is prevented from being submitted to the House
by dilatory motions. The same dilatory mo-
tions in the same order would of course be
admissible after the conference report had
been presented.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Precisely.
M-'. CAMPBELL. Then what shall we lose
by accepting the proposition of the chairman
of the Committee 011 Appropriations? Noth-
ing at all. Hence, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Buck.] is certainly in error, and so
is my colleague, [Mr. Morgax.] I am as
much in favor of conserving the liberties of
this country as my friend or anybody else.
Mr. BECK. As-the gentleman from Ohio
has referred to nie, I stated, and I wish now
to repeat it, that whenever it'comes to a con-
ference committee their report is of higher
privilege than any motion to suspend the'
rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Still the gentleman
knows we have the same right to make dila-
tory motions.
Mr. BECK. Yes; but simply motions "to
adjourn and to'adjourn over.
Mr; KERR. What I wish to know is
this 
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that
you cannot Suspend the rules.
Mr, KERR. -1 have the attention of the
Chair; I wish to inquire, if we suffer this bill
to go to a committee of conference and that
committee; fcring-in'a report and we desire on
this side of the House not to adopt that report
or to suffer it to come to-a direct vote, whether
it will be competent to move to suspend the
rules to bring before the House any other
subject-matter whatever?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not been
in the habit, though he does not know it is
not strictly in order, to entertain a motion to
suspend the rules while a conference report is
under consideration ; bu£ the motions which
have been made sinee the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio to- suspend the rules may
be persisted in, and one of higher privilege
than a conference report, and can be contin-
ued ad infinitum.
Mr, KERR. That is, to take a recess or to
adjoura. . . , ,
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. And not to suspend the rules?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Suppose the Chair
should rule as he now states he would, then
would not the majority have the right, to appeal
and to reverse" the Chair's decision ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry. {Laughter.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It is a suggestion mad©
to the House, at least.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But pending the
appeal the same motions could go .on.
The SPEAKER. The power to appeal
could beexeicised now as well as then.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have moved
to suspend the rules, and I ask that that be
decided by a two-thirds vote before the other
motion is taken.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no earthly use
in the gentleman's insisting at present for a
vote on his motion. j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will give us a
notification of how we stand*
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
The ques'ioft was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64$ nays 84, not voting
92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arthur, Beck. Bell, Biggs, Bird,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Caldwell,
Cairoli, Coming*;, Gunner, Orucher, Crossland, Box, i
I)a Bose. Dake, Eldredgre, Forker. Henry 1). 3£os- -
ter. Uarrett, Getz, (biddings, Uoliaday, Uumbleton, ;
Hancock, llnndfey, Hanks, Ilnrper, John T. Harris, |
Hereford, llibbard, llnlmnn, Kerr, King, Lnmison, J
Ma.mon, Maynard, McClelland, MoHenry, McNeely, i
Merrick. Morgan,,, Price* Randall, Read, Edward
Y. Kice, John ti. llice, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
Sloeum, Sloss, Storm, Terry, Van Trump, Waddel],
Warren. Whitthome, and i'oung—6k
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks,_Barber, !
Beatty, Bpveridge, Bigby. Binghatn, Austin Blair,
Buckley, Buffinton, B&rctiard,. Burnett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb. Coburn.Cogh-
lan, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Darrall,-J)a\ves, Don-
nan, Duell. Ikmnell, Barnes, Farnsworth. Fiokeln-
burg, Charles Foster, ilder 1). Foster, (rartield*
Goodrich, Ilarrner, George E. Harris* Havens,
Hawley, flay, Gerry W. ffazelton. John W. Hazel-
ton, Hill. iCelley, KeHog'sr, Lamport, McCrary. Ale-
Grew, MeJunkin, McKee, Mereur, Mernam, Mon- j
roe, Morey, Morphis, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. ]
Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. P<5rry, !
Peters, Prindle, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, j
Sessions, Shanks, £h,eUiQn  II. .BoardraSn Smith,
John A. Smith, Snyder, Sin-ague., Starkweather, j
Stevenson, Sypher, TafFe, Thomas, Washington i
Townscnd. Xttrner, Twiehellr Xyaer, W&keio&n, i
Wa H^ce, and WaiIsr-84. - |i
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, :
Archer, Barnum, Barry, Boles, Campbell, Clarke,
(Jox, Crefcn, Orecly, Davis, De Large, Dickey, Elli- !
ott, Ely  FarwQll, Frye, Griffith. ILildeuiaii. Hale, ■
llaisey. Hays. llerndon, Hoar, lI« oper, Houghton,
Kendall, Ketchatn, Kilhnger, Kin?elln, Lansing,
Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, MeOormtfk.
Mclntyte, MeKmney, Benjamin F. Mayers, Mit-
chell, Moore, Leonard Myers, Negloy, Niblaek. Orr,
Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Potter. Rainey, Robinson. John
Rogers, Roosevelt. Sargent, SeofiekJ, Seeley. Shella-
harger. Shoemaker, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
K. Milton Spe«r, Thomas J, Speer, Stevens, Stough-
ton-, Stowell, Strdng, St. Jofatr, Sutherland, Swaim,
Dwight Townsend. XuthilL Upson. Vaughan, ¥oor-
nees, YValden, Waldron, Wells,- Wheeler, Whitelev.
Willard, "Williams of Indiana, Williams of Hew
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—92
So the House refused to adjourn*
Daring the call of the roll the following
announcements were Blade:
Mr. WILSON-,.of' -Iiidiana". I am paired
with Mr. Sutherland, of Michigan. -'If be
were here he would vote " ay" and I would
vote " no."
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Lansing. If
here, he would vote "no;" -I would vote
i(ay."
Mr, iPOTTBR. On this vote I am paired
with Mr. Poland, of Vermont. He would
vote " no I would vote " ay."
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Ely, of New York,
is paired with Mr. Platt, of Virginia. I am
not able to state how either of tbem would
vote on this motion. • ■ •
Mr. ELDREDGE. My colleague, Mr.
Mitchell, is paired with Mr. Farwell, of
Illinois, on all political questions.
Mr. WALLACE. My colleague, Mr, De
Large, ia absent. If here, he would vote
" no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] substituting eight
o'clock for half past seven, as the hour to
which the recess shall be taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote on which the yeas and nays were ordered
on the amendment to take a recess until eight
o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to move that we
non-concur in all the amendments, and send
the bill to a committee of conference.
Mr. MAYNARD. And I move to amend
that so that we shall non-concur in all the
amendments except the tenth, and eoncur in
that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the yeas and nays
were ordered on the motion to take a recess
until eight o'clock. It seems to me very de-
sirable that the House should take, a recess.
It might assist us in cdniing to some under-
standing.
The question being put, the House agreed
to reconsider the vote by which the yeas and
nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question now is:
will the House ordsr the yeas and nays on
the amendment to take a recess until eight
o'clock?
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope now that the recess
to eight o'clock will be agreed to. It will give
us a little time to think this matter over.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holmajt] for a recess until six o'clock,
which the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
ElbJiedob] moves to amend by substituting
half past seven ; and as an amendment to that,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] moves' to substitute eight o'clock.""
Mr. HOLMAN. The ordering of the yeas
and nays has been reconsidered as regards
the motion to take a recess until eight o'clock.
I ask that by unanimous consent all those
motions'be wiihdrawn, and that we take a
recess until half past seven.
Mr. PERCE, t call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the question is on the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall,] to make the recess eitend until
eight o'clock.
The question being put, theamendment was
not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from
