840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
operations of war, I am willing to give them
aftthe rights and privileges of citizenship; bat
that is no reason why we should extend our
naturalization laws to those wh'o do; not belong
to the great white rao.es of the would.
If a- black man is born here he acquires his
citizenship-by a higher law than-we can give
him, but if fie is not born here, it is a mere
matter of municipal regulation whether, we
shall authorize him to be naturalized or not.
So the law stood until by the act approved July
14, 1870, section seven, it was provided—
" That, tfio n aturalization laws fere hereby extended
to aliens of African nativity .and to persons of Afri-
can despeat." ,
.By this act two years ago we for the first
time, extended the right of naturalization to
the flottentots of Africa, to all the races that
live in Africa, and yet even now, under the law
as it stands, an Asiatic, however intelligent,
cultivated, and civilized or Christianized, can-
not be admitted, while a heathen savage from
the wilds of Africa can, after five years, apply
for admission to citizenship.
On this question of naturalization I would
rather take a< step backward than take a step
forward. , 1 would rather confine our natural-
ization laws to the white races, and not extend
tllem to any of those who are foreign to'us in
religion, in. language, and in race, as well as
in color: But I do not hope or expect that
my honorable friend from Massachusetts will
yieW this; and since' Congress has extended
the naturalisation law?, ana I am hopeless of
getting this seventh section of the act of July
14, 1870, repealed, I cannot stand upon the
logic which would admit an African to natu-
ralization and would exclude a Japanese, or
a Chinese, or an East Indiatnan. The law
ought to be uniform, to exclude the whole of
those foreign heathen races, so dissimilar from
us iti every respect, or else exclude none. If
110 one else shall do so, I certainly will offer
an amendment to limit the operation of the
fifth section so as to prevent any change in
the naturalization law. The language of the
section is—
That every law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or
custom inconsistent with this aot, or making any
diwiminationa against any person on account of
color, t>ytbo uso of tlio word "white," is hereby
repealed and annulled.
If that section passes it will change the
whole -principle of your naturalization law.sj
and extend the seventh section of the act ot
1870 to all tho races of the world. Now, if
the Senate desire to do this, let them do it
with their eyes open. My own impression is
that we ought to confine this important amend-
ment to the few objects that are distinctly
understood, to secure to our black fellow-
citizens of this country certain rights which
are a necessary part of citizenship, and to go
no further until we know how far we do go.
One of the objections made with moat strength
to this amendment is that it has not been sub-
mitted to the criticism of a committee. But
with the exception of this last section, all the
rest of it has been the subjeetof consideration
and debate so long that we may fairly dispense
with the consideration of a committee. We
have all been members of a committee of the
whole Senate, that has considered it days after
days ;*but this last section goes beyond what
appears on its face, and may make changes in
Our laws that wo do not perceive and under-
stand until at some future time it is found that
jn this ambiguous phraseology of striking out
the word " white " from all the laws of the
United States, we may havedone what we have
not intended to do. I hope, therefore, that this
section will be stricken out, and tbatour action
may be based upon the other sections which
we do all now understand and can voteunder-
standingly upon.
So much tor the amendment, While I am
up allow me to express my surprise that any
further opposition is made to amnesty.. Why,
sir, the fourteenth amendment anticipated that
the time would speedily come when amnesty
would become either general or universal. It
provided that by a simple act of Congress,
voted for by two thirds of each House, the
disability imposed by that amendment might
be removed; it might be done in wholesale or
in retail. The debate on the amend ment shows
that the time was soon anticipated when the
States, being all represented, amnesty would
become first general and then universal. The
party platform of the convention which nomi-
nated the present President of the United
States declared that amnesty should be granted
as soon as the public safety would allow. The
course of public opinion in this country has
gone further and further in favor of amnesty.
The House of Representatives have twice, by
a vote unprecedentedly large, sent us two bills,
the last more liberal than the first, showing
the march of opinion. They are fresh from
the people of this country.
Speaking for the people of my own State, I
can say that there is a general feeling that the
limitations imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment ought to be largely extended. Early in
the recent canvass, where public matters were
freely discussed, I stated my position in favor
of a large extension of amnesty, as large at
least as that proposed by the House bill, and
I have never heard a murmur of disapproba-
tion. I believe that the general sentiment of
the people of our country is in favor of it.
The President of the United States, in his
recent message, called your attention to the
subject-matter, and expressed his opinion in
decided language. From every source of
opinion, from the newspapers, this cry comes
up. Why, sir, take the conversion of my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] appointed to
go to the South to examine the most hideous
outrages that were ever committed against the
form of humanity. He reports to us that as a
mere matter of public policy, for peace and
order in the South, this pretext for violence
and disorder should be removed. This feel-
ing has now become general, and I do trust
that the political campaign that is about to
be inaugurated will be commenced by a lib-
eral and generous act of amnesty. 1 would
not make it universal. I believe that the
House in the first bill have substantially hit
upon the proper medium. They have re-
moved all disabilities except from those who
were prominent in the rebellion: those men
who violated their oath of office here in
the Senate and in the House of Representa-
tives and went back, leaving our Govern-
ment dishonored and disorganized, and east
their fortunes with rebellion ; those men who,
educated for the Army or Navy, who had
sworn over and over again to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, educated at the
public expense, and went forth with the skill,
knowledge, and experience acquired in our
service to carry them over to the public enemy.
Perhaps the exceptions ought to be extended
to those who took the first initial step in seces-
sion as members of the conventions. All told,
probably five hundred men in the United States
are excepted; all the rest are relieved from
disability. Why not? The Representatives
from the southern States, one of whom [Mr.
Sawyer] sits in the chair, ask this of you.
Why should a man who held a post office or
other local office in one of the southern States,
and thereby was compelled to take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
be excluded from an amnesty which has been
made so general ? Why should he be deprived
of the power to hold a Federal or local office ?
Is he more guilty than his neighbors? Is
the fact that he was intelligent enough to hold
a petty office a reason why he should be
punished while all around him are free ?
The President of the United States states this
objection strongly and well. No, Senators, my
own deliberate conviction—and I rarely take
part in this class of debate—is that we had
better unite these two measures together, make
the amnesty large and liberal, and then in the
same law, passed by the same majority, give
our sanction to a principle that will give every
black man deprived of tho common rights of
citizenship and equality the right to sue for
his injury, and also the right to appeal to the
criminal law. Let amnesty and justice go
hand in hand.
Sir, the great waris over. We have almost
recovered from the evils that grew out of it.
The graves of our dead heroes are sinking now
to the level of the earth. Our debt, which
hung like a hydra over us, is now in such a
shape that it no longer need frighten the most
timid man. Our finances are rapidly becom-
ing >n a settled condition. We have nothing
to ho but meet the interest of the public debt.
Let us now at this moment, before we go to
our people on collateral and political issues,
settle so far as we can all the issues that grew
out of the war. I appeal to those southern
men who call themselves Democrats to take
this general principle contained in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts; give
to the four million black people in the south-
ern States the right to ride in your cars, the
right to stop at your inns, the right to go to
your schools, and the right to worship God in
your churches, and take with it amnesty..to
the great body of those who are now excluded
from office in the southern States.* Why not?
As sure as the earth rolls in its course, as sure
as time advances, every negro man in the
southern States will have every right secured
by this amendment. You cannot resist it.
The spirit of civilization and progress demand
it. No law can be justified or maintained that
deprives citizens of the United States of rights
so common and simple as those secured by
this amendment.
On the other hand, why should we keep
up this discrimination between citizens who
are no more guilty one than the other?
Why should we continue now, seven years
after the war, provisions made as a matter of
temporary punishment? The debate on the
fourteenth amendment shows that when that
amendment was considered and acted upon
and voted for in Congress it was supposed
that when all the States were represented,
when all the Senators were in their places,
when every district spoke by the voice of its
member in the other House, all these meas-
ures that grew out of the war would pass away.
This provision of the fourteenth amendment
was only a part of the scaffolding of-recon-
struction. JEteconstruction itself was but the
temporary outwork within which the 'temple
was to rise to the sky; and this clause of
the fourteenth amendment about disabilities
was a part of that scaffolding. Strike them
away, and we have a magnificent country, with
our power demonstrated, our wealth increas-
ing, our industry prosperous, nothing but to
march forward with confidence, with hope in
the future.
Mr.THURMAN addressed the Senate. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORTON. I shall detain The Senate
but a few moments in asking attention to the
meaning of the last clause of the first section
of the fourteenth amendment. I will not dis-
cuss the question as to the right or power of
Congress to provide for the admission of col-
ored men into social clubs; but the question
arises upon this clause of the fourteenth
amendment as to what the power of Congress
is in regard to the substantial rights and
equality of people in the States. The conclu-
sion of this section reads thus :
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law;
nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws."
I desire to inquire what is meant by " the
equal protection of the laws" which a State
shall not deprive any person of? To what
does the word "protection" refer? Does it
mean that the State shall not deprive & man
of the equal protection of the law for his per-
