2638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
the Treasury Department, there are only three
retained in the bill as agreed on by the confer-
ence committee, the register of the Treasury,
the Second Comptroller, and the supervising
architect.
In relation to the extension of the, public
grounds, the House amended the Senate
amendment by limiting the amount of appro-
priation to $400,000, and it was thought best
to accept the amendment to the amendment, as
the squares may possibly be obtained for that,
and if they are not, an additional sum can
hereaftqr be appropriated. My judgment was
that they would cost $500,000, but they may
not.
Mr. LOGAN. I am satisfied that this ques-
tion will give rise to debate, and I call for the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois demands the regular order, which
he has a right to do.
Mr. COLE. This report will consume but
a few moments longer, I apprehend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over until to-morrow, and let us have time to
look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois has called for the regular order, the
North Carolina election case, which is again
before the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish the Senator from
Illinois would give twenty minutes for the con-
sideration of this report. It can be passed in
that time. Every one of the provisions adopted
by the committee can be explained in that
time.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the Senator
from South Carolina that all the rights 1 have
had given to me in this ease which I have
called up now have been by the vote of the
Senate. I have never been allowed anything
in connection with it except where the Senate
decided it by a vote. This report will un-
doubtedly cause discussion, and we have but
three more hours to the ordinaiy time of ad-
journment. I am satisfied this report will take
up the whole day, and therefore 1 demand the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that the Sen-
ate has decided'that at half past, four o'clock it
will take a recess, and whatever is pending
then will go over until to-morrow as the unfin-
ished business. The Senator from Illinois
demands the regular order, and the North
Carolina election case is now btfore the Sen-
ate. He reserved that right.
Mr. CAMERON. For the purpose of get-
ting through with the bill before us, which I
think more important than the North Car-
olina election case, I propose to submit a
motion. That is one of those cases which will
not spoil by a few days' delay, and will cer
tainly come up again. I think the bill now
before the Senate, as well as the one which
looks t,o the reduction of taxes, especially on
tea and coifee, is much more important. I
therefore move to lay the election case on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit that
the Senator from North Carolina is entitled to
the floor, if nothing else is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois called up the regular order,
which is the North Carolina election case.
The Chair stated a lew minutes ago that the
Senator from North Carolina was entitled to
the floor if he claimed it, but he did not claim
it, and the North Carolina case being up, the
Senator from Pennsylvania has moved that it
lie on the table for tne purpose of moving, if
that should prevail, to take up some other
measure.
Mr. MORTON. 31' 1 may be allowed to
make a remark 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. Does the Senator from Penn- i.
sylvania withdraw the motion to enable the
Senator from Indiana to make a remark?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I think there was some
misapprehension when the vote was taken
before in the supposition that the Senator
from North Carolina desired to go on this
afternoon. If that is his desire, of course I
shall not stand in the way; but if it is not his
desire, I think that case should be laid over
for this afternoon, for the reason that it will
not be finished, and the appropriation bill, I
understand, demands immediate attention.
Some of the courts, I am advised, are sus-
pended now for the want of money, and there
is an immediate demand for the passage of
the deficiency hill.
Mr. LOGAN. That is another bill, I will
remind the Senator, besides the one that the
conference report is on.
Mr. MORTON". I am not speaking of the
conference report. I am speaking of the defi-
ciency appropriation bill.
Mr. POOL. If I may be allowed to say a
word, I have no particular disposition to go
on to-day. I did not ask the Senate to crowd
this proposition up for my benefit. I would
just as soon it should go over as not. Indeed
so much time lias been consumed that now it
has become perfectly apparent it cannot be
settled, and I should feel still stronger inclined
to assent to its going over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania has moved that the election case
be laid on the table. Does he insist on that
motion or withdraw it?
Mr. CAMERON. I insist on the motion,
but I do not wish to exclude gentlemen from
saying a word.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to make a remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. CAMERON. I yield to the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania yields to the Senator from
Illinois, who asks unanimous consent to make
a remark. The Chair hears-no objection.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I am very
much surprised at the different character of
movements that are made here. I do not
know what we are doing, and I do not think
anybody else does. First, the Senate votes to
take up this case, and the Senatorfrom North
Carolina is entitled to the floor. If the Sen-
ator from Nffrth Carolina did not desire the
floor why did he uot say so while this discus-
sion was going on this morning? It has been
postponed over a week for his benefit. He
sits in his seat and says nothing until two hours
elapse, and then says he has no desire to
speak. Now, sir, if this question is to be
tampered with in this way, I say once for all,
I will have nothing furtherto do with it, and the
chairman of the committee, the Senator from
Indiana, may take charge of it. If the Senate
will vote one Monday to take it up, and the
next Monday postpone it for something else,
then I will sit here and vote when it comes
up, but for me to call this question up twice
and thrice a week, and then to be postponed
by some kind of indisposition on the part of
1 certain gentlemen here to have it disposed of,
is a sort of management that I have never seen
in this or any other body before.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not ptoceed to vote ?
Let us vote.
Mr. LOGAN. We cannot proceed to vote.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from North
.Carolina does not wish to speak, then let us
vote.
Mr. THURMAN. That is right.
Mr. LOGAN. But the Senator from Penn-
sylvania now moves to postpone this question
or lay it on the table after the Senate have
voted to take Hup. The Senate one moment
vote to take up the question, and the next
moment the Senator from Pennsylvania moves
to postpone it in order to delay it. There can
be no other reason for the motion but delay.
If the Senate are determined to delay this
question and not decide it at ail, let them say
so like Senators ; let them act toward it as
they do toward other questions. I must say
that I am tired of being managed or manipu-
lated in any such way. It is becoming offen-
sive to myself, having charge of this measure,
to be treated in this manner. Therefore, I
say, if the Senate is not disposed to take it up,
I decline having anything further to do with
calling it up, and the chairman of the com-
mittee hereafter may manage it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania insist on the motion
to lay on the table, or withdraw it ?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly I shall not
withdraw it, unless, as has been suggested by
the Senator from Massachusetts, we can come
to an immediate vote. I want no delay.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not vote at once?
Mr. CAMERON. I want no delay ; but I
know if this question is taken up it will be
debated three or four days before it is de-
cided, and there are other measures of vastly
more importance to the country at the present
time before us. This is a privileged question,
and can retain its place. Nothing can pre-
vent its being acted on before the end of the
session.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Is debate in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It is not. If
the Senator from Pennsylvania insists on the
motion he cannot himself debate it, and his
motion is now pending and undebatable. The
Senator from Connecticut has directed atten-
tion to it, and the Chair must rule that debate
is not in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make
an inquiry of the Chair, if I am in order in
doing so. I tried to hear, bat could not hear
the Senator from North Carolina, and I should
like to know, if I am permitted to do so,
whether the Senator said he did, or did not,
wish to proceed to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer. He said he did not care to proceed
to-day in consequence of the lateness ol the
hour.
Mr. LOGAN. He does not care about
proceeding at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. POOL. I hope I may be allowed to
make a single remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CAMERON. For that purpose, cer-
tainly.
Mr. POOL. I meant to say this, and noth-
ing else: that for ray convenience I did not
desire the Senate to take up this question to-
day. I had just as soon they would take it
up to-morrow or some other day. I did not
desire that my convenience should have any
effect upon the Senate; but if the Senate
does take it up to day and proceeds with it,
then I desire to submit some remarks upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is up now.
Mr. POOL. That is all I wish to say, and
I am surprised that the Senator from Illinois
should have misunderstood me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania now insists on his motion. The
North Carolina election case being before the
Senate, the Senator from Pennsylvania moves
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire, what
is the condition of the report of the conference
committee? I heard no announcement of the
disposition of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It certainly was
not disposed of, or the Chair would have
announced that fact to the Senate. The Sen-
ator asked unanimous consent to report it.
After it was read the Senator from Illinois
rose in his place and said he would yield on
condition that if it gave rise to debate he would
