1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
cot been deposited with the clerk of the court. And
the gentleman's party to-day, as the fruit of that vil-
lainy, are holding1 in defiance of the majority of the
voters of Richmond, all the offices of that city. They
do so in consequence of that violation of law and
justice committed in broad daylight in the city of
Richmond, and for which no living' man has ever
been punished in any way or manner,"
"Now, I charge that all over Virginia, at every
election held there since tbe war, since the pas-
sage of the reconstruction apts, these things have
occurred. What do you see to-day in the city of
Norfolk? Whenever an election occurs there, in
defiance of a law which says there shall be no dis-
tinction, they have two ballot-boxes, one for the
white men and one for the colored men. The elec-
tion officers take fifteen minutes or half an hour to
take the vote of a colored man, while a white man
votes in thirty seconds. At every election in Nor-
folk and in Richmond when the polls close there are
hundreds of colored men standing on the street who
have been depriv-ed of the right to vote by the action
of the officers of the election delaying them in that
way."
Mr. BRAXTON. It will be observed that
the foregoing extracts contain charges against
the city of Norfolk, the city of Richmond, the
Legislature of Virginia, and the Conservative
party throughout the entire State. It is charged
first in regard to the Legislature of Virginia,
that there were six Republicans and six Demo-
crats in the council of Norfolk city ; and that
the Virginia Legislature passed a law giving
one man two votes, one to produce a tie, the sec-
ond to be used as a casting and deciding vote;
second, that the judges of election in Nor-
folk take from fifteen minutes to half an hour
to vote a negro, and only thirty seconds to
vote a white man. In reply to these charges
I ask permission to have read the following
letter received on Thursday last from Colonel
Walter H. Taylor, the present senator from
Norfolk city in the Virginia Legislature.
The Clerk read as follows:
Richmond, Virginia, MarohlZ, 1872.
Dear Sib: I have but this moment returned to
Richmond after an absence of several days, and find
your two letters of the 7th and 12th instant. This
will ex plain why you have not sooner had an answer.
In regard to the matter first mentioned: the coun-
cil of the city of Portsmouth consists of twelve mem-
bers, six from each of two wards. One ward sent
Conservative and the other Republican members,
so that the councilstood six to six. For a long time
no organization could be effected. No president nor
clerk could be elected, and, indeed, nothing at all
done which was calculated to draw party lines.
FinnMy a compromise was made; it was agreed that
the Conservatives should have the presiding officer,
and the Republicans the elerk, (the latter a paying
office, the former not.) The next difficulty arose
when the council proceeded to elect certain muni-
cipal officers, collectors, &e. It was impossible, of
course, to agree on any one man. Six would vote for
the Conservative and sis. for the Radical nominee.
If one of the Radical members happened to be sick,
the remaining five absented themselves, thus pre-
venting a quorum, and producing a dead-lock.
Under the circumstances, a bill was introduced in
the Legislature and passed, granting the presiding
officer, in the event of a tie, the right to give the
casting vote, he, of couise, voting as a member
besides.
In regard to the second matter mentioned, I can
only say I do not believo what is asserted. It may be
thfitcolored men are sometimes too late to vote; and
the samd may be said of white voters; hut that what
you say Mr. Platt asserts is the general rule or
practice, lam not prepared to admit. I am sure if
such was the case I would be cognizant of the fact,
whereas I have no good reason whatever to believe
for a moment that the assertion could be sustained
by the facts; buton the other hand,I am convinced
from my own limited observation, and more espe-
cially Irom what I am told by others better posted,
that no unreasonable delay whatever is made in
the caso of a negro offering to vote. To this there
may be exceptions, but of such exceptions I am not
informed.
Very truly, yours, W. H. TAYLOR.
Hon. E. M. Braxton, Washington, D. G.
Mr. BRAXTON. I have no comments to
make on Colonel Taylor's letter. It speaks
for itself; it speaks for the people of Norfolk;
and clearly shows that my colleague was inac-
curately informed as to the action of the Vir-
ginia Legislature of which he complains and
criticises.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the charges against
the Conservatives of the city of Richmond,
what are they? First, they are charged with
destroying one of the ballet-boxes at an elec-
tion held for mayor in that city, when G. W,
Chahoon was the Republican candidate, Sec-
ond, that the judges of election take from
fifteen minutes to half an hour to vote a negro,
and only thirty seconds to vote a "white man,
and that hundreds of negroes are deprived of
the opportunity of voting by the delay. In
reply to these charges I ask that the following
communication written by a gentleman of
high standing and unquestionable integrity,
who resides in the city of Richmond, and there-
fore has better opportunity than my colleague
[Mr. Platt] or myself, of knowing what
occurs at elections held in that city.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of the Mayor,
Richmond, Virginia, March 9,1872.
My Dear Sir : Your note of yesterday, asking the
facts relative to the facilities allowed to the respect-
ive colors in our city elections, and the amount of
colored voters who are kept from the exercise of
the elective franchise by the officers of election, was
received this morning. I have made the necessary
examination of official returns, and assure you that
they completely refute the charges of unfairness
and official terrorism. I might furnish you with
the returns of every election held since the war,
but it would needlessly incumber this note, with-
out, in the slightest degree, varying the result. I
select, therefore, the first and last election in which
respectable people have generally participated in
Richmond since the war—the election of 1869, held
under the auspices of General Canby, and the gen-
eral election of last fall. I quote from the ofiicial
return of Canby as to the first, and from the elec-
tion returns in my office as to the last:
The registered white vote in 1869, in Richmond,
was 7,551
The registered black vote in 1869, in Richmond,
was 7,259
White majority  292
The number of white votes cast, was 6,362
The number of black votes cast, was 5,993
White majority  36i'
In other words, the difference between the white
registered majority and the white voting majority
was 72, in an aggregate vote cast of 12,360. This
election was held under Federal bayonets.
In the last election, November, 1871, the total regis-
tered white vote was 7,021
The total registered black vote was 5,894
White registered majority 1,127
The total Conservative vote cast at that election,
which is very nearly the measure of the white
vote, was 6,227
The total Radical vote 5,241
Conservative majority  986
These figures show that the voting was at least
as free as the registration. Now, to demonstrate
that the registration was free, compare the total
registered white and colored vote respectively with
the total white and colored population, andyou will
find that the blacks register a larger vote in propor-
tion to aggregate population than the whites do,
either in Richmond or in any other city in the
Union. I have not the census returns; but I defy
the investigation. This disposes of the charge of
unfairness in this matter. You ask also what ground
there is for the accusation that the election officers
take from fifteen minutes to half an hour to count
a colored vote, while they take less than fifteen sec-
onds to receive a white vote. As you are aware;
whites and blacks vote at the same place, and hand
their ballots to the same judges of election. There
are twenty-one precincts in Richmond, and at the
last election eleven thousand four hundred and
sixty-eight votes were cast—an average of five hun-
dred and forty-six votes at each precinct. This was
at the average rate of sixty votes an hour for each
hour of the day at each precinct, or a vote a minute,
making no allowance for the'long intervals of com-
parative quiet, the time lost in cases of special chal-
lenge, the slowness of voting in the hour that fol-
lows sunrise, at the dinner hour, and at other times
during the day; nor of the rascally attempts by
Radical carpet-baggers to close strong Conservative
polls by arresting their judges on false and frivolous
charges. You see what utter and shameless reck-
lessness of fact appears in the assertion that a quar-
ter, much less halt an hour was occupied in receiving
a black vote.
There is nottheslightestfoundationfor thecharge
that long lines of unvoted blacks are found at the
precincts at the closing of the polls deprived of their
rights by the malfeasance of officers of election.
The above figures of votes cast demonstrate the
falsity of this charge; but I speak of ray own knowl-
edge when I say that this is not the case. A great
many blacks remain around the polls after they
close, because there are hundreds here who have
nothing else to do. You see them at every loafing
place; hundreds of them throng the criminal court
of this city every day, out of the same idle curiosity
which induces them to hang round a precinct or fol-
low a hand-organ; but the great majority, nearly
all of these, have voted, or have tried to yote im-
properly and have failed. Very few entitled to vote
fail of the opportunity. They come earliest and
stay longest at the polls, there being no Texas Gov-
ernor here to drive them home. There has been
but one public accusation of this sort made in Rich-
mond, and the arrest which followed it was made
on affidavits which will be found to be perjuries
whenever the case, now eighteen months old, is
tried.
The only other inquiry of your letter refers to the
destruction of a ballot-box. That has occurred once
only in this city. Itwas alleged, and I believe truly,
that the return in that ballot-box would have given
an apparentRadical majority, whereas without that
return the commissioners gave the Conservative
ticket the return. A Conservative judge set aside
the return and ordered a new election, and a Con-
servative bench of appellate judges unanimously
sustained him. Whether a Republican Congress
would have or would now imitate this action, you
know perhaps better than I.
Very respectfully, your friend,
A. M. KEILEY.
Hon. E. M. Braxton.
Mr. BRAXTON. The verity of the state-
ments contained in Mr. Keiley's communica-
tion would be fully established by his high
character if they stood solely on his declara-
tions ; but, sir, they are matters of record—
the judgment of courts, accessible to all, con-
cealed from none. And I merely ask that those
who are making up opinions as to the fairness
of the Virginia people in their dealings with
colored citizens, will not do so upon the hear-
say testimony of strangers; but that their own
people may be heard before they are con-
demned.
Most unfortunate, the allusion of my col-
league to the idol of his party, and their nom-
inee for the mayoralty of Richmond city, a
man convicted twice of felony; and when par-
doned by a Conservative Governor, I have good
reason for believing that some members of the
Republican parly desired to have him renom-
inated for that office, and so express them-
As to the charge of intimidation practiced
by the Conservative party in the State of Vir-
ginia, I only have proof as to one of the con-
gressional districts; and I here say that the
charge, so far as the district that I represent is
involved, is utterly unfounded, and I believe it
to be untrue as to every district in the State.
Sir, the seventh district was scoured by a Uni*^
ted States commissioner and an attorney-at-
law after the last congressional election. It
was hunted all over before the election by white
and black men, who were paid by the executive
Republican committee in this city to canvass, as
they termed it, but in fact to search up some-
thing to sustain a contest determined on weeks
before the election for the seat that I now have ;
and all that could be found to sustain the charge
of intimidation was one poor, idiotic negro,
who, when asked by the commissioner, " What
is an oath ? " answered, "It is what you see,
and what you know."
What becomes of the inconsiderate and
sweeping charge of intimidation throughout
Virginia, made by my colleague, when an
election is held in one of her congressional
districts containing one hundred and fifty thou-
sand people, conducted by five hundred offi-
cers, at which twenty-four thousand votes were
polled, resulting in the election of one hun-
dred and fifty officers ; and yet not one single
contested election, save the one made over
my seat, no one arrested by State or Federal
authority, and no voter claiming that he was
hindered or delayed in his exercise of the
right of voting?
I trust, Mr, Speaker, that all future charges
which impugn the motives and bring censure,
if true, upon the people of my State, may be
as groundless as those made by my colleague.
He resides in the city of Petersburg, where a
handsome majority is generally cast for him-
self; he speaks of no intimidation there, and
to his recent sojourn among us and his over-
confidence in hearsay testimony may be attrib-
uted the unwarranted charges laid at the doors
of those to whom I am bound by long years of
intimate association, and whom every feeling
of my heart prompts me to defend, as I shall
