4432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Babry, my colleague, is absent to day on
{account of sickness. If present he would vote
" ay."
Mr. BANKS. I desire to state that Mr.
Hooper, my colleague, has been obliged to
leave the House on account of indisposition.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to state that Mr.
Crebs, my colleague, is paired with Mr.
Dickey, of Pennsylvania. If present Mr.
Dickey would vote "ay," and my colleague
■would vote " no."
Mr. DUBLL. On this question I am paired
■with Mr. Carroll, my colleague.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
southern claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. K. No. 2582)
making appropriations for the payment of claims
reported allowed by the commissioners of claims
under the act of Congress of March 3, 1871, after lull
and free conference thereon do recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
They recommend that tho House recede from its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate in
line ten on page 2, lines four and five on page 3,
line sixteen on page 4, line seventeen on page 4, and
lines seven and eight on page 8.
They reoommend that the Senate recede from
its amendment striking out line twenty-seven on
D&ee 14.
AUSTIN BLAIR.
C. W. BUCKLEY^
W. S. HOLM AN,
Managers oil the pnrt of the House.
T. 0 HOWE. .
JOUN SCOTT,
Managers on the part of the Senate..
Mr. RANDALL. Pending the consider-
ation of this report I move that the House now
take a recess until eight, o'clock.
Mr. BLA1K, of Michigan. I hope the gen-
tleman will permit this report to be agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw tny motion
for a recess if the Chair will afterward recog-
nize me to make my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair never enters
into negotiations of that kind with members
on the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. Then if I have the right
to make the motion now I will do so.
The SPEAKER. Pending the question
upon agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] moves that the House
now take a reeessunt.il eight o'clock.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I hopethe gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion until this
report can be disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well, I will do so.
The report ot' the committee of conference
was ihen adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution in connection with the same
subject:
Meiolvcd, (the Senate concurring.) That in enroll-
ing the bill (H. R. No. 2582) making appropriations
for the payment of claims reported allowed by the
commissioners of claims under the act ot Congress
of March 3.1871. an error in the engrossment be cor-
rected by striking out the word " one" in the allow-
ance to A.Henry Ives,and inserting the word "nine,*
as it passed the House.
The resolution was adopted.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
' Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
rules be so suspended as take from the Speak-
er's table the amendments of the Senate to the
sundry civil appropriation bill, and refer the
same to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of ihe Union.
The question was taken; and on a division
there were—ay eg forty-seven, noes not counted.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
clerks op committees.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I ask permis-
sion to submit the following resolution for
adoption at this time:
Resohed. That the clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives bis authorized and is hereby directed to
pay the clerks of the committees out of the contin-
gent fund for the full month of June, 1872.
Mr. PETERS. I guess they will want pay
for July before they get through.
The resolution was adopted.
indian frauds.
Mr. BURDETT. I rise to submit a priv-
ileged report. On behalf of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, I submit their report in the
matter of certain alleged frauds on Indian
soldiers, and move that the report, together
with the evidence, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
claims of choctaw nation.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask leave to submit to
the House for action at the present time a
short bill designed to prevent the delivery of
$250,000 in bonds to the Choctaw nation. I
have been requested to present this bill by the
Secretary of the Interior, who has sent here a
report upon the subject, which is now upon
the table. He thinks that the claim is not a
proper one, and that some legislation of this
kind should be taken to prevent the delivery
of these bonds.
The bill was read for information. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury, until
further authorized by Congress, to withhold
the issue of $250,000 appropriated to be paid
in bonds to the authorities of the Choctaw
nation, as a part of what is known as the net pro-
ceeds claimed under the act of March 2, 1861.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think there ought to
be some explanation of this bill.
Mr. SHANKS. By the act of March 2,
1861, there was an appropriation of $500,000
to the Choctaw nation; $250,000of which was
to be paid in money has been paid. The
other $250,000 was to be paid in bonds, to be
delivered to the Choctaw nation. The war
coming on and severing ihe relations between
the United States and that nation, the bonds
have not yet been delivered. The Secretary
thinks that this claim did not rest upon a
proper basis, and be asks that the delivery of
these bonds be stayed until the question can be
further investigated. He is now awaiting the
action of Congress upon this question.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a question which,
when the. original bill was passed, was very
much considered, very thoroughly examined
and fully discussed by gentlemen who cer-
tainly knew as much about the matter as the
Secretary of the interior or Secretary of the
Treasury can possibly know from any sources
of information which they may have. This
is a claim (1 will not occupy the time of the
House in giving its history) which had been
deferred from time to time upon just such
suggestions as are made to-day, until Congress
took it up and passed it. I must therefore
object to the introduction of this bill. I think
it very unjust.
Mr. SHANKS. I will not, undertake to say
that this claim is not a good one. I have so
shaped this bill as to avoid any such intima-
tion. But the Secretary has asked to be re-
lieved from the necessity of delivering these
bonds now, because he doubts the correctness
of the claim. For myself, if I should give
my opinion, I would say that I believe the
claim to be good. In introducing the bill, I
am simply carrying out the request of the
officer I have named.
I wish to say further that there are now hang-
ing over these bonds, as shown by the testi-
mony before the Committee on Indian Affairs,
claims for attorney's fees to the amount of
$517,000, twice the amount of the bonds; and
it is proper that this money be not turned over
into the hands of these men ; and it is espe-
cially proper that a Government officer who
asks to be relieved from the requirement of
delivering the bonds should be exempted from
that duty until the question of the validity of
the claim be settled.
order of business. "
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I feel com-
pelled to call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The r-egular order is the
motion that the House now proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
take a recess until half pasteight o'clock.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 49, noes 57.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the nrgative—yeas 67, nays 75, not voting
98 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Beck,
Bell, Biggs, Bird. Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Cald-
well, Campbell, Coburn, Comingo. Conner, Cotton,
Crossland, Dox. Du Bose, Duke, Forker. Henry I>.
Foster, Getz, Glddmgs, Goltaday. Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Handles', Hanks, Harper, John
T. Harris, Hereford, llibbard, llolman, Kendall,
King, Lamison, Manson, Marshall, McCiollund, Me-
Cormick, Mclntyre, McNeely. Merrick, Morgan,
Niblack, Randall, Bead, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice. Ritchie. William R.Roberts, Sherwood, Sho-
ber. Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Suther-
land, Swann, Van Tramp. Waddell, Wells, Win-
chester, and Young—67.
NAYS — Messrs Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Beveriuge, Bigby, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin f?. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Crocker, Darrall,
l)awes, Bunnell,Eames, Famsworth, Charles luster.
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Halsey, Harmer,
George E. Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John \V. Hazeltou, Hoar, Kellogg, Lowe, Mayn.tid,
McCrary, McGrew, McJmikin. MeKee, Mercur,
Merriam. Benjamin F. Meyers, M nroe, Morey,
Morphis. Leonard Myers. Packer, Palmer. Peck.
Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Poland, Ellis H Rob-
erts, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, 11 Boardman Smith,
Sprague, Starkweather, Strong, Syphcr, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Xwichell, lyner.
W.ilden, Wallace, Walls, Williams of Indiana.
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—75.
NOT VO t 1NG—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barnum,
Barry, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles,
Carroll, Clarke, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Critcher. Davis.
De Large, Dickey, Donnau, Duell, Eldredge, lil-
liott. illy. Farwell, Ftukelnburg, Garfield, Garrett,
Griffith, Hale, llaveus. Hays, Herndou, Hill,
Hooper, Houghton, Kelles', Kerr. Ketcham, Killin-
ger,' Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis,
Lynch, Mcllenry, McKmney, Mitchell, Moore,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Hosea W. Parker, I.saac C.
Parker. Pendleton. Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Potter,
Price, Prindle, Rainey, Robinson, John Rogers.
Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Scoficld, see-
ley, Shanks, Sneldon, Shellabarger. Snoemaker.
John A. Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder. R. Milton Speer. Tnomas J. Speer, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Stowcll, St. John, Taffe, Terry,
Dwight Townsend. Tuthill, Upson, Vaughan, Voor-
hees, Wakeman.Waldron, Warren, Wheeler, White-
ley, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New York,
and Wood-98.
So the House refused to take a recess.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that he was paired
with Mr. Kebr, of Indiana, who, if present,
would vote in the affirmative, while he would
vole in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
take a recess till ten o'clock this evening.
Mr. PETERS. 1 ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me to offer a resolu-
tion.
. Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
thomas h. marston.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker. I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolu-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That Thomas H. Marston, doorkeeper
of the Reporter's Gallery, be retained during the
recess of Congress, and his salary be paid out or the
contingent fund of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand this is a dis-
abled soldier.
Mr. PETERS. He is an old soldier and a
very meritorious man, and it is only proper
that this compliment should be paid him.
There was no objection; and the resolution
was received and adopted.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
