848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
outside the protection of the Constitotion, for
all were and are incorporated. We may not
thus interpolate the Constitution.
But further, Mr. President, while I think the
provision is not in accordance with the spirit
of our institutions or with the Constitution, I
look upon it as a most dangerous subject to
open. Neither, sir, does it promote the inter-
ests of society or the welfare of any class of
the people. When dealing with the subject
of religion we have passed beyond the limits
of human law, and are dealing with spiritual
things that reach beyond time. The beneGts
of religion are not to be enforced by penal
enactments. These benefits have their origin
feud power in kindlier influences. They are
conferred from an appreciation of the great
truth that God has " made of one blood all
nations of men for to dwell on all the face of
the earth," from a recognition of the brother-
hood of man and of our accountability at the
bar of the great Fatherhood.
Aside from the infringement upon the Con-
stitution resulting from the disturbance of
public worship by privileges not freely granted
being insisted on, it would be a scandal upon
our Government for a white man to be per-
mitted to maintain a suit under the laws of
the United States because a colored commun-
ion refused to permit him to enjoy the privi-
leges which they in their lowliness and humil-
ity desired to enjoy with those who, having
been the victims of a common sorrow, could
sympathize with them 1 The two great doc-
trines of human progress and religious free-
dom should not be antagonized, and we should
hesitate long before passing the first law affect-
ing in any manner perfect freedom in the exer-
cise of religion.
I desire to support the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and the ques-
tion relating to jurors does not disturb me. I
do not understand that it is the right of a man
to be a juror, but that it is the right of a large
class that their whole class shall not be ex-
cluded from the jurybox. I can vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
if he will modify its provisions as to churches.
We do not wish to begin to legislate on the
subject of religion or of worship.
Mr. EDMUNDS obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is
some executive business which it is important
to act upon, and, with the consent of my col-
league, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the bill (S. No. 487) to
exempt the iron steam ice-boats constructed
by the city of Philadelphia from the inspection
required by the act of February 28, 1871, enti-
tled ' 'An act to provide for the bettor security
of life on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, and for other purposes."
executive session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After one
hour spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and (at five o'clock p. m.) the Senate
adjourned,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 6, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Gk Bctler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
william t. berry,
_ Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 86)
in favor of William T. Berry: which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and, with the accompany-
ing papers, ordered to be printed.
BRID9E ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI rive It.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1392) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
mail steamship service with australia.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1393) authorizing the
establishment of ocean mail steamship ser-
vice between the United States and Austra-
lia; whieh was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
pension' service.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. N o. 1394) to promote the economy
and efficiency of the pension service of the
United States •, which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
trade witii brazil.
Mr. COX also, by unanimous-consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1395) to promote trade
with Brazil, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not that a subsidy bill?
Mr. COX. No, sir, there is not a dollar
in it.
marshall o. roberts.
Mr. COX also, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1396) for the relief of
Marshall 0. Roberts; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
removal op causes.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1397) relating to
the removal of causes into the United States
courts; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revision
of the Laws of the United States, and ordered
to be printed.
report on statistics.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing :
Setohefk (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed seven thousand copies of the report of the
chief of the I3urc.au of Statistics on the customs and
tariff legislation of the United States with, append-
ixes ; four thousand copies for the use of the House,
two thousand copies for the use of the Senate, and
one thousand copies, bound, for the use of the Treas-
ury Department.
iron-ship building.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1398)
for the promotion of iron-ship building in the
United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
mary r. gilson.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1399) for the relief of Mary R. Gilson, mother
of Edward D. Gilson, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1400) to encour-
age and promote telegraphic communication
between America, Asia, and Europe; which
was r ad a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Foreigu Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
w. ivgardner.
Mr. L. MYERS also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1401) for
the relief of Lieutenant W. P. Gardner; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
peter mills.
Mr. MONROE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1402) to amend an
act entitled "An act for the relief of Peter
Mills," approved June 3, 1834; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
paris l. reed.
Mr. MONROE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1403) for the
relief of Lieutenant Paris L. Reed; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
hamilton woolen company.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1404) for the relief of
the Hamilton Woolen Company: which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
j. s. wren and w. a. kelley.
Mr. TURNER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. It. No. 1405) for the ben-
efit of James S. Wren and William A. Kelley;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
gilbert c. russell.
Mr. TURNER, by unanimous consent, also
presented a petition of the heirs of Gilbert C.
Russell's estate, for compensation; whieh was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
miami indian lands in kansas.
Mr. LOWE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1406) to provide for
the sale of Miami Indian lands in Kansas;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. LOWE, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill {H. R. No. 1407) for the
relief of actual settlers upon the Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas; whieh was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
pensions for black iiawk war.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by request and by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R".
No. 1408) granting pensions to certain soldiers,
pilots, engineers, and other persons engaged
in the Black Hawk war; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
bridges across the mississippi.
Mr. COTTON. At the close of the morn-
ing hour yesterday a bill was being read which
I had introduced. I ask unanimous consent
that the further reading of the bill be dis-
pensed with, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce and ordered to be
printed.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 1388) to authorize the construction and
maintenance of a bridge over the Mississippi
river, between Carroll or Whitesides county,
Illinois, and Jackson or Clinton county, Iowa,
and to establish the same as a post road, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COTTON, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1409) authorizing
the construction of a bridge over the Missis-
