1872.
the congressional globe.
8537
amendment, except as it appears on the face
of it that it is to show to Congress, more than
anything else, that there is a claim upon this
company for reparation to the city of Wash-
ington on account of its use of the Washing-
ton and Alexandria railroad. I will in lieu
of making any remarks on the question ask
the Secretary to read the memorial of the
persons connected with the city's claim, and
then I will offer the amendment
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will first read the amendment) because then
the rule as to speaking applies.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Very well.
I send the amendment up.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to add to the bill the following
proviso :
And provided further, That as one of the condi-
tions ol the foregoing grant the said Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company shall pay or secure to
be paid to the territorial government of the Dis-
trict of Columbia the certificates issued by the
Alexandria and Washington Railroad Company, the
payment of which fras guarantied by the city of
Washington m the District of Columbia, and which
were secured by a certain deed of trust exeoutcd by
said Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
duly recorded, bearing date on or about
the 19th day oi April, in the year 1855, and upon the
lull payment of which said,debt, principal and in-
terest, ail the right, title, claim, interest, and demand
of the said territorial government of the District
of Columbia, as successor to said city of Washing-
ton, shall immediately vest in and become the prop-
erty of the said Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, and the said territorial government sliall
thereupon execute and deliver the necessary con-
veyances to effect the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
desires in lieu of speaking to have read in sup-
port of his amendment a memorial which will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate Committee on the District of Columbia :
The memorial of the city of Washington repre-
sents—
That in the year 1854 the Legislature of Virginia
incorporated a company, under the name of the
Alexandria and Washington Railroad Company, to
construct a railroad from Alexandria, in the State
of Virginia, to Washington city. The company was
duly orgnnized in the winter of 185-5, applied to the
corporation of Washington to guaranty their bonds
or certificates to the amount of $60,000, with inteiest
at six per cent., to bo scoured by a lien on their road
and Jill their property and franchises.
This city passed an ordinance giving its assent to
this application. The certificates of the said com-
pany were duly prepared and executed, indorsed
by the city and guarantied to the lull amount of
$GO,OUU, and placed in the hands of said company,
and the said company executed a deed of trust on
the 19th April, 1855, and thereby they conveyed their
road and all the property and franchises they then
had. or might thereafter acquire, to Joseph II. and
A. Thomas Bradley to indemnify thes aid city, with
powers of sale and conveyance m case of default in
payment of the said debt and interest.
This transaction enabled the said company to
construct their said road to the right bank of the
Potomac, to open a track from the left bank at the
Long bridge to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
depot on New Jersey avenue, and to operate their
road in Virginia.
They were obliged to raise other money to com-
plete their work, and did borrow some, bow much
it is not known, and they gave a second mortgage or
deed of trust in which the prior lien of the peti-
tioners was specially recognized and provided for.
In this condition of things the rebellion broke
out. The road was taken possession of by the War
Department, and used by it till after the close of
the war.
In the mean while certain judicial proceedings
were instituted in Alexandria by persons claiming
to be creditors under the said second deed of trust,
and under those proceedings the road was sold, a
new company formed under the laws of Virginia,
and called the Washington, Alexandria, and George-
town Railroad Company. This new company got
possession of the road after it was relinquished by
the United States, and continued to hold and run it
for a series of years until it was finally decided by
the court of appeals of labt resort in Virginia that
the whole proceedings under which that company
claimed its existence were illegal and void, and the
original company was restored to its possession.
In the mean while although this new company was
notified by the deed of trust under which they
claimed of the priority of your petitioners' lien, and
purchased under actual notice given at the time of
sale of the prior lion of your petitioners, they imme-
diately repudiated that lien and claimed to hold by
title paramount.
Your petitioners thereupon in the year 18-— direct-
ed the trustees, the Messrs. Bradley, to proceed
and sell under the said deed of trust. At that time
they had taken up and paid and held in their pos-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 222.
others were outstanding in the hands
AlexiSnd?i-,aSnm]1SpPas d?no' th£ said Washington,
.Alexandria, and Georgetown Railroad Omrm-mv
theP DUtr^Tof Co\uTb1/r0m-tb-e sul>rem'3 court of
injunction hath been continued to this dav
The said Alexandria and WashingtonRafiroad
Company have never paid a dollar of the certificates
so issued by it and guarantied by your petitioners
and have only paid a portion of the interest for one
?V0 y1ea^s' s0 .that the whole amount of
the principal and aboutsixteen years of interest are
{l05T,i 5?\n°r 18 any reasonable probability of
the debt being paid for years by the presontcom-
FSti°orn reasVec°tUirngPitt.Ul0n<!rS wU1 be released
j# m
great value was proved in the late war while its
prospective importance to the Government, to this
« m/Ju country at large, must be very great,
although it cannot now be estimated,
By the charter of the Baltimore and Potomac
road power is given to that company to carry their
track across the Long bridge, and they have done so,
but lor the present at least they will be obliged to
employ the Alexandria and Washington road on the
otner side of the river, which was originally built
by the very moneys thus secured by your petitioners,
lbe great boon you are asked to confer on thorn in
granting the use of such valuable land in this citv
to construct tlieir depot, and lor which they do not
propose to pay a dollar, will lose half its valuo if
they cannot occupy tho road now built on the other
side of the river. And if they do not use said Alex-
andria and Washington railroad, andshould.as they
uoubtlessintend, buildanduseinlieu thereofjinother
road, the Baltimore and Potomac road, extended to
Alexandria, m Virginia, will completely annihilate
and destroy the said Washington and Alexandria
railroad, the value of said certificates and said deed
of trust, the only security tosaidcity of Washington
tneretor: and it is but just, proper, and reasonable
that said Baltimore and Potomac railroad should be
compelled to protect and save harmless said city of
Washington or its successor, tho teiritorial govern-
ment ot the Bistrictof Columbia, from theprospect-
lve loss and danger impending**
It is therefore prayed that the bill which has
passed the House of Representatives, and is now
before your committee, should be so amended as
to provide that before the construction of any dopot
in said city the said Baltimore and Potomac railroad
shall assume and pay to the trusteesundersaid deed
of trust, or said territorial government of the Dis-
ti ict ol Columbia, tho amount duo to tho holders of
the certificates issued in pursuanco of said deed
of trust, and guarantied by said city of Washington.
Respectfully,
richard wallacii,
For said city of Washinoton and
District of Columbia.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. NYE. What is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The five min-
utes of the Senator from Maryland have now
expired. It is the speech of the Senator from
Maryland. He sent up a document to be read
in lieu of speaking himself.
Mr. NYE. It seems to be an excellent
speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have
nothing more to say.
The amendment was read.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Was the
memorial read through?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not quite. The Senator's five minutes, how-
ever, had expired.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I should
like to have the reading of the memorial com-
pleted. There is but little more to be read.
It is not very long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland asks unanimous consent to
complete the reading of the memorial.
Mr. CONKLING. Letusobserve the rule.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I can offer
another amendment and have it read, then.
Mr. NYE. That memorial is larger than
most of the books that they use generally in
Maiylaud. [Laughter.] I atn opposed to its
reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There _is noth-
ing before the Senate at the present time.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask tho Senator
from Maryland what difference it makes
whether this bill passes in ten days or twenty
days?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This colloquy
is not in order under the rule adopted last
evening. r
(several Senators. The memorial can be
printed m the Globe m full.
i n^-MILTON, of Maryland. Very well,
that will answer.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word " act," in line
eighty-one, on page 4, "and that all costs of
altering or removing the said road or building
shall be at the expense of said company, and
no part at the expense of the United States or
of the District of Columbia."
Mr. SPENCER. Did we not vote down
that amendment last night?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not exactly remember, and the Globe does
not bring up the proceedings to midnight last
night, it being an impossibility to print them,
lhe Chair cannot remember all the amend-
ments offered last evening.
Mr. VICKERS. I have offered this amend-
ment to avoid future difficulty that may other-
wise arise between this company and Con-
gress. I am satisfied that in less than two
years Congress will have numerous petitions
from the citizens of Washington forthe removal
of this nuisance from their midst. The amend-
ment >8 similar to one which we append to all
bills for bridging; the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers. We provide that if the bridges shall,
at any time be found to obstruct navigation,
Congress shall have the power to alter them
or to remove them at the expense of tho com-
panies, and not at the expense of the Govern-
ment. This is to provide in effect a similar
provision in reference to the alteration or
removal of this road or the depot building,
that if at any time it shall be found to be a
nuisance, to be dangerous to the public, or an
obstruction to free passage through the park,
or for any other reason, Congress shall deem
it necessary to have the building or the road
removed, it shall be done at the expense of
the company. If this piovision be not inserted
and the building or the track should be re-
moved, the company will call upon Congress
to pay all the expenses of the removal.
Some years ago a bridge was erected across
the Ohio river by the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, in conformity to the act of Congress,
complying in all its provisions with the law of
Congress proscribing the mode of building
bridges across the Ohio. There were a num-
ber of individuals in Pittsburg who thought
the bridge would be an obstruction to naviga-
tion, and they appealed to Congress while the
bridge was in the course of construction ask-
ing for a bill to cause the piers to be erected
further apart, and the spans to be longer,
which would have required a large expenditure
on the part of the company. A compromise
was effected between the company and those
persons, and the former expended a laige
sum of money for the purpose of complying
with their wishes. They contributed about
$30,000 toward this object, and now you have
upon your table a bill asking Congress to re-
fund to these individuals the $30,000 which
they contributed to make the bridge according
to their wishes. So it will bo with this com-
pany if this track should be removed, or the
depot building, by order of Congress. I there-
fore wish to protect the Government against
any such demand in the future.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. 1 offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
That it shall be lawful for the Oranste, Alexandria,
and Manassas ltailroad Company, a corporation
chartered under tile laws of the State of Virginia,
to exercise its functions as a common carrier, and
transport passengers and freight within the District
ot Columbia, and for this purpose shall have author-
ity to run trains over tho bridge which has been
constructed by the Baltimore and Potomac ltailroad
Company across the Potomac river at the foot of
Maryland avenue, m thecityof Washington, ti> tho
opposite bank of said river on tho Virginia shore,
upon the terms and conditions sot forth in the act
of Congress giving to said Baltimore and Potomac
ltailroad Company the privilego to construct and
