1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1745
nature of revenue, as distinguished from pro-
tective duties, may be found in the articles
of imported fabrics of silks, spirits and wiues,
and tobacco. Their value, product, and cost
to consumers may be fairly indicated by a
tabular statement for the year ending June
30, 1871:
Value of Average
imports. rate■,
Silks and manufae- 1Wr "m '
tares $31,068,252 $17,965,819 60
Spirits and wines... 7,831,272 8,432,078 100
Tobacco  5.206,708 4,801,576 9i
Total $44,103,232 $31,199,473
There are but few more legitimate or profit-
able subjects for pure revenue taxation than
the various manufactures of silk, for the rea-
son that very little raw silk is produced in our
country, and the fabrics of silk are all in the
nature of luxuries, and may on correct prin-
ciples of revenue reform be subjected to as
high a tax as will promote the interests of the
Treasury. But sound principle forbids that
they shall be taxed higher.
The only just and honest purpose of high
taxation of luxuries must be revenue—not
protection to build up monopolies, nor to com-
pel the rich even to pay tribute to a dozen
inen. Yet the actual adjustment of the duties
on raw silk and on silk fabrics under the pres-
ent tariff well illustrates how a just tax may
be so imposed as to defeat revenue and pro-
mo'e monopoly, selfishness, and greed, liaw
silk is admitted free, but the average duty on
imported manufactures of silk is sixty per cent.
ad valorem. Hence, the few silk manufac-
turers of New Jersey and other parts of our
country, with their raw material free, with a
statutory protection of sixty per cent., and a
natural protection of at least ten per cent,
more on their manufactures against all com-
peting nations, have been enabled to build up
an immensely profitable monopoly in their
manufactured products, which products last
year amounted in value to about $30,000,000,
but did not pay a penny of duty to the Govern-
ment, and yet were sold to the consumers of
the country at as high prices as the imported
fabrics of like character, which paid sixty per
cent, duty and about ten per cent, cost of
importation. Such legislation is a gross abuse
of the true functions of government. There
should be a small duty imposed upon imported
raw silk, and a reduction of the duty on foreign
fabrics of silk, so that revenue should become
at least the principal aim of the law, and pro-
tection the incident.
The taxes on imported spirits and wines,
and on tobacco, although high, are not much
more than a fair offset against the excise
tax imposed upon the domestic products of
like character; and besides, most of the im-
ports of these articles are of the higher and
finer qualities, used mainly by the rich, and
are to be classified as luxuries, and are there-
fore fit subjects for high taxation. It is also
to be noted that such taxes do not nourish
monopoly, nor aggravate other prices, nor
corrupt legislation by rings and combinations.
LEATHER—niDES.
I may also refer briefly to the duties on
hides, leather, and the other component parts
of shoes, and chiefly to remark that these
articles are of such universal consumption and
necessity, and hides, skins, and leather are
so extensively produced in all the parts, sec-
tions, and climates of our country, ihat it is
simpiy impossible to impose any tariff duties
on such articles without doing infinitely more
harm than good, and giving tenfold more to
monopoly thau 10 revenue, and aggravating
prices to the millions of consumers without
any resulting advantage except a pittance ot
revenue. Common humanity as well as sound
principles demand that such articles shall be
absolutely free. In the last fiscal year the
imports of hides and skins, and of leather
and the manufactures of leather, amounted in
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—STo. 110.
gold, at invoice prices, to about $24,000,000,
and paid in revenue about $5,200,000. But
the total consumption of the products of
these articles by our people must have reached
$200,000,000. The extent to which all these
products were enhanced in prices to the con-
sumers beyond what they paid the Govern-
ment in revenue must have been many mil-
lions—at least ten or twelve millions. Such
enhancement is substantial loss and waste to
the people. It is bad economy, unjust tam-
pering with personal liberty, and injurious
interference with the industries of the people.
TRUE PRINCIPLES OF REVENUE REFORM.
I could multiply like examples of vicious
tariff adjustments indefinitely. But my present
purpose requires me to ask your attention to
other considerations on this great subject.
From these illustrations and the general truths
of political economy I deduce certain great
principles which appear to me as clear as sun-
light. I maintain that in the practical adjust-
ment of a tariff for revenue, the only true and
just principles require that all duties shall be
low, because moderate imposts produce more
revenue than high and protective imposts; and
that the number of dutiable articles shall be
small, because sufficient revenue can be thus
secured, with infinitely less expense in collec-
tion, or injury to the general interests of pro-
duction, or intricacy, fraud, and jugglery in
the organization of the tariff; and that the
leasl burdensome duties shall be imposed on
all kinds of imported raw materials, because
thereby domestic industry will be most effect-
ually aided and encouraged, and domestic pro-
duction least burdened and best enabled to
compete successfully in all the markets of the
world; and that the highest duties shall be
imposed upon imported articles of luxury and
articles consumed chiefly by the rich, because
thereby labor, the poor, the great body of the
people, may be more lightly burdened ; and
that all duties imposed upon articles which
are produced to any material extent in the
country shall be always moderate and made
to bear constant reference to the production
of reasonable revenue—not protection—be-
cause, if such duties are high, or protective,
or prohibitory, they tend constantly and pow-
erfullyto build up monopolies, unduly encour-
age favorite classes, unjustly increase prices
to the advantage of the few and the oppression
of the many, excessively stimulate production
and divert capital from more useful and legit-
imate enterprises, and encourage and invite
improper, selfish, and corrupt influences to
control legislation and override the interests
and rights of the people; and that liberal
duties imposed upon articles which cannot be
produced to any extent in the country yield
more revenue upon the amount of capital
engaged in their importation, and aggravate
domestic prices of other commodities less,
and therefore injure the people less, than any
others, because all the additions to the prices
of such articles made by the tariff are actually
paid into the Treasury, and never go into the
pockets of monopolists or Government favor-
ites, and do not tend to build up exotic enter-
prises, relying upon class legislation and plun-
der for their support.
I must not be understood as holding that
it is not most desirable that if possible al i taxes
be abolished, for all taxes are burdens, and
more or less interfere both with production
and enjoyment. Bat taxes cannot all be dis-
pensed with. I therefore affirm that it is the
solemn duty of the Government to reduce taxa-
tion to the uttermost farthing that is consist-
entwith the absolute demands of the Treasury ;
and that it should be accepted as an axiom in
every rational system ot revenue reform that
such reduction should be first made as will
most relieve the people and cost the Treasury
least. This axiom requires that our reform
shall commence iu the largest practicable re-
duction of the duties on all imports of those
great and universal necessities, both of toil
and comfort, iron, steel, wool and woolens,
cottons, .copper, lead, lumber, leather, salt,
and coal; because all these reductions can b«
made, and if made would cost the Treasury
least and relieve ihe people most effectively.
They would reduce the cost of production and
thus increase both production and consump-
tion.
I assume with complete confidence that the
present tariff, by the reduction of all prohib-
itory and protective duties to a fair and rea-
sonable revenue standard, .on the great lead-
ing articles named, and by such a free list as
I have indicated, may be so reformed as to
relieve industry, agriculture, commerce, and
consumption of taxation and tribute to the
extent of at least one hundred and forty mil-
lion dollars per annum, and yet not reduce
the receipt9 from customs over thirty million
dollars below the last fiscal year. But no
such result can ever be achieved by any reduc-
tions that can be made in duties imposed for
revenue alone, and which pay to the Treasury
what they cost the people.
Under our present tariff, and, indeed, so
long as Government is supported by taxation,
the promise or boast of a "free breakfast-
table " is simply an able-bodied absurdity, no
matter how free you make tea, coffee and
sugar. Let us see. Your table is held to-
gether by taxed nails and hinges, and covered
with a taxed cloth. Your breakfast is pre-
pared by a cook or a good wife who is clad
from the soles of her feet to the top of her
head in taxed clothing. It is prepared in a
stove made of taxed iron, over a fire made of
taxed coal, kindled with a taxed match, and
adjusted with taxed shovel and tongs. Your
bread is leavened with taxed soda, saleratus
or yeast powders. Your victuals are served
to you on taxed dishes, and eaten from taxed
plates, or drunk out of taxed cups, saucers,
or tumblers, with the aid of taxed knives,
forks, and spoons. Your food is seasoned
with taxed salt, pepper, vinegar, oil, or other
condiments. Your meal may consist in part
of taxed fruits, such as prunes, figs, raisins,
or nuts. Your bread, potatoes, and other
substantial of daily diet, are produced by the
farmer by the aid of taxed implements of
every kind, and brought to your house over
railroads or on wagons made of taxed iron
and steel. Your good wife is even compelled
to seek culinary wisdom from a "cook-book"
printed on taxed paper with taxed ink and
taxed type. Let us reform or abolish all
these covert, mean, vexatious, dishonest, and
oppressive taxes, that pay much to monopoly
and favorites and little or nothing to the Treas-
ury. Then we can wisely turn to those taxes
which contribute to the support of the State
alone, and never to monopoly, rings, or favor-
ites.
But on most articles subjected to tariff tax-
ation, these essential principles are utterly dis-
regarded in our present tariff. Except in the
duties on tea, coffee, sugar, wines, spirits,
cigars, tobacco, fabrics of silk, spices, and a
few other imports, our present law is framed
in the interests of protection as its primary
and principal object, the collection of revenue
being a mere incident of secondary import-
ance. The zeal of the protectionists to repeal
these duties on tea and coffee, and other purely
revenue duties, and the excise taxes on tobacco,
fermented liquors, spirits and stamps, has its
origin in the fact that these forms of taxation
are productive of revenue alone, and never of
prelection, and compel the consumers of the
taxed articles to pay tribute to their Govern-
ment alone, not to monopolists, and impair
no man's right of free exchange, but subject
all citizens alike to open and equal competi-
tion. If they can accomplish the repeal of
these revenue taxes, they well know the neces-
sities of the Government will enable them to
retain and increase the protective duties on
other commodities in the interest of monopoly
and favorites.
