1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2641
Of the superintendent of Post Office building and
disbursing officer, $2,300;
Of the chief clerk to the Postmaster General, $2,200;
Of tbe chief clerks to the Assistant Postmasters
General, the chief clerk of tbesupermtendent, of the
money-order office, and the chief clerk of the super-
intendent of foreign mails, $2,000 each ;
Of thesupcrintcndcntof the blank-agency, $1,800 ;
of the assistant superintendent, $1,600; of the lour
assistants, $1,200 each;
Ot'the clerks of class four, 61,800 each ;
Of rhe clerks of clas3 three, SI,600 each;
Of the clerks of class two, SI.400 ea.ch ;
Of the clerks of cJass one, $>1,200 each ;
Of the female clerks, $900 each ;
Of the messenger to thoPostmaster General, $900;
Of the messengers to the Assistant Postmasters
General, $840 each;
Of the assistant messengers, watchmen, and labor-
ers, $720 each;
Of the engineer, $1,600;
Of the assistant engineer, $1,000;
Of the carpenter, $1,252;
Of the assistant carpenter, $1,000;
Of the fireman and blacksmith, $900;
Of the firemen, $720 each; :
Of the female laborers, S480each.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the committee, because I was
not present in committee when this bill was
considered, whether this section increases the
force of the Post Office Department?
Mr. RAMSEY. It does not at all.
Mr. COLE. Let me ask further whether it
increases the compensation of the officers in
the Department?
Mr, RAMSEY. It does not. There are
probably one or two instances, which I shall
explain when we come into the Senate; bat
only one or two. It does not increase the
force or the compensation. The force is not
quite so large under this bill as is provided
lor in the recent appropriation bill; but this
bill provides for it definitely and specifically.
Mr. COLE. My reason for making the
inquiry is that this bill will probably take
effect immediately on its passage, and I sup-
pose it is so intended, and it may be neces-
sary to alter the appropriations for the next
fiscal year and in the deficiency bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir, we shall not want
anything of that kind.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas in section six, line
twelve, to strike out tbe words "prosecute all
offenses against the postal laws."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line eleven, to stiike out the word "eight"
and to insert 16 seven so as to read:
And the price to be paid, together with a copy of
the recorded abstracts of all proposals for carrying
the mail, as provided by section two hundred and
forty-seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line sixty-three, to insert after the word " Ja-
pan" the words "and other foreign coun-
tries;" so that the clause will read, "a report
on the postal business and agencies in China
and Japan, and other foreign countries."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifteen,
line twelve, to insert after the word "the"
the word "said;" after the word "oath,"
in the thirteenth line, to insert the words
"or affirmation and at the end of the sec-
tion, in the sixteenth line, to insert the words
" or .affirmation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
two, line twenty-one, to strike out after the
word "and" the word "to."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
three, line three, to strike out after the word
" laws" the words, " and he shall direct suits
and legal proceedingsso that it will read:
Seo. 23. That the said Auditor shall superintend the
collection of all debts due tho Department, and all
penalties and forfeitures imposed for any violation
of the postal laws, and take all such other measures
as may be authorized by law to enforce the payment
of sucli debts and the recovery of such penalties and
forfeitures.
The amendment was agreed to.
42b Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 166.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
four, line five, to strike out the word "his,"
and after theword " charge," in thesame line,
to insert the words "of said Auditor;" so
that the clause will read :
That the said Auditor, or the mayor of any city,
anyjustice of the peace, or the judge of any court
of record, may administer oaths or affirmations in
relation to the examination and settlement of the
accounts committed to charge of-said Auditor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
six, in lir.e three, after the word "clerk" to
strike out the words "one disbursing clerk;"
in the same line to strike outtheword " eight"
and insert "nine;" in line four, to strike out
"twenty-three" and insert " forty-four ;" and
after the word "thirty," in the fifth line, to
insert "seven ;" so that the section will read :
Sec. 26. That the -Secretary of the Treasury may
appoint in the office of the Auditor for the Post
Office Department one chief clerk, nine clerks of
class four, forty-four clerks of cl^ss three, sixty-
four clerks of class two, thirty-seven clerks of class
one, one messenger, one assistant messenger, and
eleven laborers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads what he is to do about a disbursing
clerk?
Mr. RAMSEY. We have a disbursing clerk
otherwise provided, it is all provided in a
previous section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the object of this
section is to increase the clerks ot' class four
from eight to nine, and that I am opposed to.
Eight are enough.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate will see when
we get a little further along with the bill that
it is all right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota stated, in the absence of
tbe Senator from Vermont, that the bill made
no increase of force or compensation "except
in one or two cases, which he would explain
hereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the honorable Sen-
ator says they have a disbursing clerk already.
If that be so, and then you are to increase the
clerks of class four, the highest class, from
eight to nine, you increase them by one too
many.
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply wish to say to the
Senator that the whole force provided for does
not exceed that in the present appropriation
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont will see by striking out " one disbursing
clerk" and "eight" clerks of class four and
making the whole number "nine," we have
the nine clerks; but one of them is not a dis-
bursing clerk, but he is a clerk, nevertheless.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do Iunderstand the hon-
orable Senator from Kansas to say that there
is no such thing in the Post Office as a dis-
bursing clerk per nomine ?
Mr. POMEROY. There is one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; then the object
is to keep the disbursing clerk and to increase
the other clerks to nine, which adds one to
the force. As we are all for reform, at least
ail of us who are here, as I see the real reform-
ers are all absent to-night, I think we ought
to be careful about increasing that number.
Mr. COLE. All the reformers are absent
except theSenator from Vermont. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, I am for Cincin-
nati, as my friend very well knows. [Laugh-
ter.] But, Mr. President, as the Senate is
full now and may wish to go on with more
important matters, I will waive the point for
a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the amendments will be proceeded with.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
seven, to strike out the sixth line, in the fol-
lowing words: "of the disbursing clerk
$2,000," and in line eight, after the word
"each" to insert "and $200 additional to
one clerk as disbursing clerk;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. 27. That the annual salaries of the Auditor
for the Post Office Department, and theclerks. mes-
sengers, and laborers m his office, shall be as follows:
Of the Auditor, $3,000;
Of the chief clerk, $2,000;
Of the clerks of class four, §1,800 each; and $200
additional to one clerk as disbursing clerk ;
Of the clerks of class three, $1,000 each ;
Of the clerks of class two, SI,400 each;
Of the clerks of cla^s one, SI,200 each:
Of the messenger, £840;
Of the assistant messenger, $700;
Of the laborers, $i>00 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 15 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to go back to that
last amendment in section twenty-seven and
amend it, so that instead of reading "and
$200 additional to one clerk as disbursing
clerk," it shall read " to one of said clerks
so that one of the clerks of class four, as this
is a responsible matter, may be the disbursing
clerk, that he shall be selected from one of
those fourth-class clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is right.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I propose to amend
the amendment which has been adopted in
the eighth line of that section; so that the
clause will read, "ofthe clerks of class four,
$1,800 each; and $200 additional to one of
said clerks as disbursing clerk."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twnnty-
eight, line one, to strike out the word "the"
and to insert "any;" in line two, to strike
out the word "or;" and after the word " res-
ignation," in the same line, to insert "sus-
pension ;" so that the clause will read :
Sec. 28. That whenever the office of any post-
master shall become vacant by reason of death, resig-
nation, suspension, or by the expiration of the
commission of a postmaster or his rejection by the
Senate, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
thirty-first section,in the following words:
Sec. 31. That the Postmaster General may ap-
point one superintendent of the blank-agency, at an
annual salary of $1,800; one^assistant superintend-
ent, at an annual salary of $1,600; three assistants,
at an annual salary of $1,000 each; and two laborers,
at an annual salary of $720 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [thirty-
five] thirty-four, line three, to insert, after the
word "general," the words "and superin-
tendents in his Department;" so that it will
read:
That the Postmaster General may employ, when
the service requires it, the Assistant Postmasters
General and superintendents in his Department as
special agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end oT section [thirty-six] thirty-five the
following:
And the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department shall charge to the appropriation for
mail transportation the salary and per diem of the
assistant superintendents of the postal railway ser-
vice; and to the appropriation for the free-delivery
system, the salary and per diem of the special agent
detailed for that service; and the salary and per
diem of the special agents employed in the money-
order service shall bo paid out of the proceeds of
that business.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry to trouble
the Chair to go back to that amendment, but
I think in the last clause of that amendment
in respect to the money-order service where it
says that "the salary and per diem of the
special agents employed in the money-order
service shall be paid out of the proceeds of
that business," it ought to say " shall be paid
out of the appropriations for that service ; "
because if you leave it as it stands now, it
will be what is called a permanent appropria-
tion probably; it is in danger of being so con-
