1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (5LOBE.
n%n
Laws of the United States.
42d Uoug....2d Sess.
or cause to procure to be transmitted to, or
presented at, the office of any officer of the
United States, any such false, forged, altered,
or counterfeited bond, bid, proposal, guaran-
tee, security, official bond, public record, affi-
davit, or other writing, knowing the same to
be false, forged, altered, or counterfeited, for
the purpose of defrauding the United States,
every such person shall be deemed and ad-
judged guilty of felony, and, being thereof
duly convicted, shall be sentenced to be im-
prisoned, and kept at hard labor, for a period
not exceeding ten years, or be fined not exceed-
ing one thousand dollars, or both of said pun-
ishments, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 295. That if any offence shall be com-
mitted in any place which has been, or shall
hereafter be, ceded to and under the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, which offence is not
prohibited, or the punishment thereof is not
specially provided for by any law of the United
States, such offence shall, upon conviction in
any court of the United States having cogni-
zance thereof, be liable to, and receive the
same punishment as the laws of the State in
which such place is or may be situated, now
in force, provided for the like offence when
committed within thejurisdiction of such State;
and no subsequent repeal of any such State
law shall affect any prosecution for such offence
in any of the courts of the United States.
Sec. 296. That if any postmaster, or other
person authorized by the Postmaster General
to receive the postage of letters, shall fraudu-
lently demand or receive any rate of postage,
or gratuity, or reward, other than is provided
by this act, for the postage of letters or pack-
ets, on conviction thereof, he shall forfeit, for
every such offence, one hundred dollars.
Sec. 297. That if any person employed in
any department of the post office establish-
ment of the United States shall, wilfully and
knowingly, use, or cause to be used, in pre-
payment of postage any postage-stamp, postal
card, or stamped envelope issued, or which
may hereafter be issued, by authority of any
act of Congress or of the Postmaster General,
which has already been once used for a like
purpose, or shall remove, orattemptto remove,
the cancelling or defacing marks from any such
postage-stamp, or stamped envelope, or postal
card, with intent to use, or cause the use ot
the same, a second time, or to seil, or offer to
sell, the same, or shall remove from letters or
other mail matter deposited in or received at
a post office the stamps attached to the same
in payment of postage, with intent to use the
same a second time for a like purpose, or to
sell, or offer to sell, the same, every such
offender snail, upon conviction thereof, be
deemed guilty of felony, and shall be impris-
oned for not less than one year uor more than
three years.
Seo. 298. That if any person not employed
in any department of the post office establish-
ment of the United States shall commit any
of the offences described in the preceding sec-
tion, every such person shall, on conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and be punished by imprisoumeut for not less
than six months nor more than one year, or
by a fine of not less than one hundred dollars
nor more than five hundred dollars, for each
offence, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 299. That the Postmaster General of
the United States may empower, by a letter
of authorization under his hand, to be filed
among the records of Ins Department, any
special agent or other officer of the post office
establishment to make searches for mailable
matter transported in violation ot law ; and
thdt the agent or officer so authoiized may
open and search any oar or vehicle passu);;,
or lateiy befoie having passed, from any place
at which there is a post office of the United
States to any other such place, and any box, |
package, or packet, being, or lately before hav- I
ing been, iti such car or vehicle, and any store or
bouse (other than a dwelling-house) used or
occupied by any common carrier or transport-
ation company in which such box, package, or
packet may be contained, whenever said agent
or officer has reason to believe that mailable
matter, transported contrary to law, may
therein be found.
Seo. 300. That the Postmaster General may,
upon evidence satisfactory to him that any
person, firm, or corporation is engaged in con-
eonducting any fraudulent lottery, gift enter-
prise, or scheme for the distribution of money,
or of any real or personal property, by lot,
chance, or drawing of any kind, or in con-
ducting any other scheme or device for obtain-
ing money through the mails by means of false
or fraudulent pretences, representations, or
promises, forbid the payment by any post-
master to any such person, firm, or corporation
of any postal money-order drawn to the order
or in favor of him or of them, and may pro-
vide by regulations for the return to the remit-
ters of the sums named in such money-orders.
And the Postmaster General may also, upon
like evidence, instruct postmasters at any post
offices at which registered letters shall arrive
directed to any such person, firm, or corpora-
tion, to return all such registered letters to the
postmasters at the offices at which they were
originally mailed, with the word " fraudulent"
plainly written or stamped upon the outside of
said letters; and all such letters so returned
to such postmasters shall be by them returned
to the writers thereof, under such regulations
as the Postmaster General may prescribe:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as to authorize any post-
master or other person to open any letter not
addressed to himself.
Seo. 301. That if any person having devised
or intending to devise any scheme or artifice
to defraud, or be effected by either opening
or intending to open correspondence or com-
munication with any other person (whether
resident within or outside of the United States),
by means of the post office establishment of
the Uuited States, or by inciting sjch other
person to open communication with the per-
son so devising or intending, shall, in and for
executing such scheme or artifice (or attempt-
ing so to do), place any letter or packet in
any post office of the United States, or take
or receive any therefrom, such person, so mis-
using the post office establishment, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be pun-
ished with a fine of not more than five hundred
dollars, with or without such imprisonment,
as the court shall direct, not exceeding eight-
een calendar months. The indictment, inform-
ation, or complaint may severally charge
offences to the number of three when com-
mitted within the same six calendar months;
but the court thereupon shall give a single
sentence, and shall proportion the punishment
especially to the degree in which the abuse
of'the post office establishment enters as an
instrument into such fraudulent scheme and
device.
Sec. 302. That all letters, packets, or other
matter which may be seized or detained for
violation of law shall be returned to the owner
or sender of the same, or otherwise disposed
of as the Postmaster General may direct.
Sec. 303. That all suits arising under the
postal laws, or the regulations of the Post-
master General pursuant thereto, shall be
instituted in the name of the United States of
America, and the demands in such suits shall
have all the privileges and priorities in adju- |j
dication and payment secured by law to othei ji
claims of the United Stales. _ _
Sec. 304. That all causes of action arising
under the postal laws may be sued, and all
offenders agamst the same maybe prosecuted,
before the circuit or district courts of the
United States.
Sec. 305. That all causes of action arising
under the postal laws may be sued, and all
offenders against the same maybe prosecuted,
before the justices of the peace, magistrates,
or other judicial courts of the several States
and Territories, having competent jurisdiction
by the laws thereof, to the trial of claims and
demands of as great value, and of prosecutions
where the punishments are! of as great extent;
and such justices, magistrates, or judiciary
shall-take cognizance thereof, and proceed to
judgment and execution as in other cases.
Sec. 306. That in all suits or causes arising
under the postal laws the court shall proceed to
trial and render judgment the first term after
commencement of suit; but whenever service
of process shall not be made at least twenty
days previous to the return day of such term,
the defendant shall be entitled to one continu-
ance, if on his statement the court shall deem
it expedient: and if said defendant shall make
affidavit that he has a claim against ihe Post
Office Department, which has been submitted
to and disallowed by the Auditor for said
Department, and shall specify such claim in
his affidavit, and that he could not be prepared
for trial at such term for want of evidence,
the court, being satisfied in these respects,
may grant a continuance until the next suc-
ceeding term.
Sec. 307. That no claim for a credit shall
be allowed upon the trial of any suit for
delinquency against a postmaster, contractor,
or other officer, agent, or employee of the
Post Office Department, unless the same shall
have been presented to the Auditor for said
Department and by him disallowed, in whole
or in part, unless it shall be proved, to the
satisfaction of the court, that the defendant is,
at the time of tjial, in possession of vouchers
not before in his power to procure, and that
he was prevented from exhibiting to the said
Auditor a claim for such credit by some
unavoidable accident.
Sec. 308. That in all suits for balances due
the Post Office Department, interest thereon
shall be recovered from the time of the default
until payment at the rate of sixper ceutum per
annum.
Sec. 309. That in the prosecution of any
suit for money due the Post Office Depart-
ment, the United States attorney shall obey
the directions which may be given him by the
Department of Justice ; and immediately after
the end of every term of any eourt in which
any suit has been pending, said attorney shall
forward to the Department of Justice a state-
ment of any judgment or order made, or step
taken in the same, during such term, accom-
panied by a certificate of the clerk, showing
the parties to and amount of every such judg-
ment, with such other information as the De-
partment of Justice may require. And the
said attorney shall direct speedy and effectual
execution upon said judgment, and the Uni-
ted States marshal to whom the same is
directed shall make returns of the proceed-
ings thereon to the Department of Justice at
such times as it may direct.
Sec. 310. That when proceedings at law for
money due the Post Office Department shall
be fruitless, the said Department of Justice
may direct the institution of a suit in chancery
in any United States district or circuit court,
to set aside fraudulent conveyances or trusts,
or attach debts due the defendant, or obtain
any other proper exercise of the powers ot
equity to have sa'istaction of any judgment
against such defendant.
Seo. 811. That in case of delinquency of
any postmaster, contractor, or other officer,
agent, or employee of the Post Office Depart-
ment, in which suit may be brought, the
