4434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think the House will
now agree to take a recess until twelve o' clock,
and 1 therefore move to amend the pending
motion by strikiug out 'Hen" and inserting
"twelve."
The question was taken j and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 50, noes 20; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
ELDREDGE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 58, nays.74, not voting 108; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. 'Acker, Archer, Arthur, Beek,
Biggs. James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Brooks,
Caldwell, Carroll, Comingo, Conner, Crossiand, Box,
Du Bose, Duke, Henry D. Foster, G-etz, Giddings,
Golladay, HaMeman, Hambleton. Hancock, Hand-
ley, Hanks, Harper, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,
King, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McHenry,
Mclntyre. Merrick, Morgan, Potter, Price, Randall,
Bead. Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
Sion II. Rogers. Sherwood, Slater, Sloss, Stevens,
Storm. Swuuu, Terry, Van Trump, Waddell, War-
ren, Wells, and Young—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
Bigby, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton,
Crocker, Donnan, Duel!, Dunneli. Barnes, jFinkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Good-
rich, Ilaruier, George E. Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry
W. Hazel ton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar. Kough-
ton, Kellogg, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew,
Mercur, Monroe. Morphis, Leonard Myers, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Perco,
Peters, Poland, Prindle, Rainoy. Ellis H. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Rusk. Sawyer, Sessions, H.
Boardmau Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas
J. Speer, Spragruu, Starkweathor, Stevenson,
Stronsr. Washington Townsond, Turner, Tyner. Wal-
den, Wallace, Whiteley, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and John T. Wilson—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Bell, Beveridge, Bingham, Bird,
Austin Blair, Boles, Buckley, Roderick 11. Butler,
Campbell, Clarke, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Critcher,
Barrall, Davis, Dawes, De Large, Diekoy, Eldredge,
Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth Farwell, Forker, Garfield,
Garrett, Griffith, Hale, Halsey, John T. Harris,
Haven*, Hays, Iferndon, Hooper. Ivelley, Kendall,
Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Lam-
port, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, MeCormick,
MeJunkin, McKee, McKtnney, McNoGly.Morriam,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey,
Ncgley, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Ilosea W. Parker,
Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Robin-
son, John Rogers, Roosovelt, Sargent, Scofield,
Soeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slocum, Worthington 0. Smith, Snapp,
R. Milton Speor, Stouchton, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland, bypher, Taffe, Thomas, DwightTown-
Rend, TuthilL Twichell, Upson, Vau^han, Yoorhees,
Wakrman, Waldron, Walls, Wheoior, Whitthorne,
Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
Winchester, and Wood—108.
So the amendment of Mr. Eldredge was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Randall to take a recess until ten o'clock.
MESSAGE FltOM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to reports of committees of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon bills of the following titles :
An act (li. li. No. 1671) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works
of defense;
An act (H. R. No. 2208) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes; and
.An act (H. iv. No, 2852) making appropri-
ations for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I understand that my
colleague [Mr. Sawyer] is ready to submit the
report of the committee of conference on the
river and harbor bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the regular order.
Mr. STEVENSON. Have not the yeas and
nays been ordered upon another question?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
That is a fact; but the gentleman from Wis '
consin [Mr. Sawyer] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise for the purpose of
submitting the report of the committee of con-
ference on the river and harbor appropriation
bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object, and call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The confer-
ence report is the regular order.
Mr. ELD&EOGE. I believe there is pend-
ing a motion for a recess, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered. I desire
to say that we on this side do not desire to
obstruct the passage of the river and harbor
bill, and we waive objection to the consider-
ation of this report, so that the proceedings
may go on regularly.
The report was read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bilKH. R. No. 2208) making appropriations lor the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain pub-
lic works on rivers and harbors, and for other pur-
Eoses, having met, after full and free conference,
ave agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 1, 33, 34, 35. 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41,42, 43, 45,
46, and 48.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to theamendments of the Senate
numbered 2, 3, 6, 7,11,12, 13,14, 15,16, 20. 21, 22, 26,
27,28,29, 30, 31, and 32; and agree to thesame.
That the House roecde from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 5, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the word " fifty " and insert
in lieu the word "thirty;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede srom their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 8, and agree
to the same with an amendment substituting for the
same the following: " tor the improvement of the
Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers, $90,000 ;
for improvement of the Little Missouri river, $10,-
000; for the improvement of the Ouachita river in
Arkansas, $60,000, and for the improvement of the
Ouachita river in Louisiana, $40,000and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the Senate numbered 17, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
strike out of said amendment the words " one hun-
dred/' and insert in lieu thereof the words " seventy-
five and the Senate agree to the same.
That tho House rccedefrom their disagreement to
the amendment of tho Senate numbered 49, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
strike out of said amendment the words proposed to
amend the title of the bill, and add at the end of said
Senate amendment the following : 44 Provided, That
so much of the amount herewith appropriated for
the survey of rivers and harbors as is requisite for
contingencies may be used for said purpose;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
PHILETUS SAWYER,
L. A. SHELDON,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
Managers on the part of the House,
Z. CHANDLER,
WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,
GEORGE VICKEKS, •
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is on adopting the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What motion
does the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Sawyer] make?
Mr. SAWYJKR. I call for the previous
question upon the adoption of the report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Amotion
being pending to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table, I inquire of the Chair whether
this report takes precedence of that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that it does.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Sawyer] a question before he calls ior a
vote on this report. Why should this bill,
appropriating only about five million dollars,
be passed before the sundry civil bill, which
appropriates about twenty million dollars for
carrying on the Government? This being a
bill which we can easily get along without,
while the civil appropriation bill is necessary
to the operation of the Government, why
should we postpone the latter in favor of the
former?
Mr. SAWYER. I am not proposing to post-
pone either.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
of conference was adopted.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fortification bill.
Mr. NIBLACK submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1671) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repair of certain
fortifications and other works of defense, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend and do recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first and second
amendments to said bill.
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
GINERY TWICHKLL,
W. G. DONNAN,
Managers on the part of the Bouse.
C. COLE,
ROSCOE CONKLING,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the conference report was adopted.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the
vote whereby the conference report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] that the
House take a recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move to amend, out
of respect to the devotional feelings of the
gentlemen on the other side, that we take a re-
cess until ten o'clock Monday moruing next.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were-—ayes
53, noes 67.
Mr. ELDREDGE demanded tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 90, not voting
100 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Beck. Bird, Brax-
ton, Bright, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Coiningo,
Conner, Critcher, Crossiand, Dox, Duke, Garrett,
Getz, Grolladay, Haldeman, Hambleton, llandley,
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Kendall, Lamison,
Mansoo, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, Mor-
gan. Prioe, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, William R.Roberts, Sion H.Rogers, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Sloss. Stevenson, Storm,
Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Waddell, Wells, and
Whitthorne—50.
NAYS—Me-ssrs. Acker, Ames. Averill, Barber,
Beatty, Au«nn Blair, Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burehard, Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Cotton, Crocker. Darrall. Dawes, Donnan,
DuBose, Duell, Dunneli. Eames, Finkelnburg,For-
ker, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Halsey, Hancock, Harmer, George
E.Harris, Havens, Ilawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, JohnW. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Hol-
man, Houghton, Kellogg,Lowe,Maynard, McCrary,
McGrew, McHenry. MeJunkin, McKee, Merriam,
Merrick, Monroe, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Peters, Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts. Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Slocum,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twicheli, Xyoer,
Walden, Wallace, Walls, Warren, Willard, Jere-
miah M.Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Young—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, Harry, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby. Biggs,
Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, Burdett, Roderick
R. Butler, Clarke. Cobb, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Davis,
De "Large, Dickey, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Farns-
worth, Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Giddings, Griffith,
Hale, Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Hooper, Kelley,
Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lamport,
liansiag. Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Mclntyre, McKin-
