2642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
strned, and we have gotten over, I hope, the
itotiQn of permanent appropriations for any-
thing that we can possibly help. I move,
therefore, to amend that clause so that it will
readjust as the one above does, "and the sal-
ary and per diem of special agents employed
in the money-order service shall be paid out
of the appropriations for that service;" be-
cause all this money-order product goes into
the account and belongs to the Treasury, and
ihe postal service is paid out of it wherever it
may be necessary. My object is only to pre-
vent permanent appropriations, and this is a
mere change of language for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know whether
that would be a convenient way of administer-
ing the matter in the Department. I think we
make uo special appropriation for the money-
order business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will look
into the appropriation bills he will find that
we provide for paying all the money-&rder
people of every kind in the money-order office,
and all that sort of thing. 1 do not object, if
my friend prefers it, to saying " shall be paid
out of the appropriations for the Post Office
Department; " but my point is, and in that I
am sure the Senator from Kansas will agree
with me, because he does in all other respects
on such questions, the less permanent appro-
priations, as they sue called, that run over
year after year without Congress knowing any-
thing about where the money is or how much
it is, we have the better.
Mr. PO.MEROY. I agree with the object
that the Senator desires to accomplish. I only
wish to know whether we had a special appro-
priation to which this could be charged.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will say, "shall
be paid out of the appropriations for the Post
Office Department."
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator to
leave it this way, and then make the appro-
priation bill to follow this,
Mr. POMEROY. If the Committee on
Appropriations will see to it, very well.
Sir. COLE. There is a provision in the
third section of the Post Office appropriation
bill to which I will call the attention of the
Senator from Vermont:
That tlio Postmaster General is horoby author-
ized to cause to be placed to tlie ercdit of the Treas-
urer of the United States for the servico of the Post
Offico Department the net proceeds of the money-
order business, and that, the receipts of the Post
Oflieo Department derived irom this source during
each quarter shall ho entored by the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post, Oihoe Department in the
accounts of the said Department under the head
of" revenue from money-order business."
Mr. EDMUNDS. V^ry well; I am much
obliged to my friend. Then it ought to read,
as the Senator from Kansas suggests, that
these expenses shall be paid out of the appro-
priations for the Post Office Department, be-
cause that provision carries all these receipts
into the general Post Office fund.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations if there is
not in the appropriation bill a specific appro-
priation for the expenses of this particular
branch of the service?
Mr. EDMUNDS. For certain clerks there
aie; but then it is an appropriation out of the
postal fund like all the rest,.
The PRESIDING OFhTCER. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Vermont
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume it is under-
stood that the change in the numbers of the
sections is agreed to as we go along.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tha,t is a mere clerical
matter, on which it is unnecessary for us to
act.
The next amendment was in section [forty]
thirty-nine, line six, after the word "dollars,"
to insert "per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments were in section [forty-
twoj forty-one, line fourteen, after the word
"locks," to insert the word "and;" in the
fifteenth line, before the word "stamps," to
insert the words " post-marking and cancel-
ing;" and in the sixteenth line, before the
words " office furniture," to insert the words
"twine, letter-balances;" so that the section
will read:
Sec. [42] 41. That the accounts of the postal ser-
vice shall be kept.in such a manner as to exhibit
the amount of revenues derived, respectively, from
"letter postage," "book, newspaper, and pamphlet
postage," "registered letters," "box-rents and
branch offices," " postage stamps and envelopes,"
"dead letters," "fines and penalties." "revenue
from money-order business," and " miscellaneous,"
and the amount of the expenditures for each of the
following objects, namely, " transportation of the
mail," ' compensation of postmasters," "compen-
sation of letter-carriers," 'compensation of clerks
for post offices," "compensation of blank-agents
and assistants," "mail depredations and special
agents," "postage stamps and envelopes," "ship,
steamboat, and way letters," "dead letters," "mail
bags," "mail locks and keys." and "postmarking
and canceling stamps," "wrapping paper," "twine,"
"letter-balances," "officefurniture." "advertising,"
"balances to foreign countries," "rent, light, and
fuel for post offices," and "stationery." and "mis-
cellaneous."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section [forty-three] forty-two the fol-
lowing:
And the Postmaster General is hereby author-
ized to cause to be placed to the credit of the Treas-
urer of the United States, for the service of the
Post Office Department, the net proceeds of the
money-ordor business; and the receipts of the Post
Office Department derived from this source during
each qu arter shall be entered by the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department in the ac-
counts of said Department under the head of " rev-
enue from money-order business."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
by striking out the word "authorized" in line
twelve, and inserting the word "directed,"
the object of which Senators will readily see.
Mr. COLE. I will state that that is identi-
cal with the third section in the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot help that.
Then we ought to correct the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. Oue or the other, I do not
care which.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I care a great deal which.
I do not propose to leave it to the discretion
of any administrative officer to determine
whether he will put the money in or not.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is nothing of that.
The Post, Office Department is asking for this
amendment. This is the third time it has
been enacted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the fourteenth line
the word "net" before the word "proceeds"
should be stricken out, so that it will be just
like all other Post Office appropriations ; that
is to say, the proceeds are carried to the credit
of the proper account, and then the proper
account is charged with the expenses that
belong to it. We have had so much trouble
iu the last ten years in disposing of funds
derived from the business of the Government
where the net proceeds would be accounted
for, which has led to investigations most of
them causeless and unfair 
Mr. POMEROY. And foolish.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And foolish as my friend
says, I think we had better put the proceedings
of the administrative Departments of the Gov-
ernment on a footing where all the money
shall be paid in, and then so much of it as is
necessary shall be drawn out: not to have
mere balances put in.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it is not worth while
to have amendments of the committee agreed
to at all. It might as well go out, as it will be
iu the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is better to
keep it all in this code. Then we can drop it
next year if need be. Even if we have double
legislation, if this bill is to pass it is better
that it should all stand together in the code.
Mr. COLE. I thought the appropriation
bill would be much more likely to pass than
this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know about
that, 'ihere is considerable question now and
then as to whether an appropriation bill is
likely to pass. If there is a railroad bill to
come in at any time, it will not pass.
Mr. COLE. I appreciate the remark of
my colleague on the committee very much;
and I think it is a remark with a great deal
of force. But still I suppose we shall con-
tinue in session until that bill is a law at any
rate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know. We
shall adjourn all the same. My motion is to
strike out the word "net," in line fourteen
of the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the followiug :
Sec. 44. That postmasters (except in cases where
the post office building is the property of, or is
leased by the United States) may allow box-holders
who desire to do so to provide lock-boxes or draw-
ers for their own use, at their own expense, which
lock-boxes or drawers, upon their erection iu any
post-office, shall become the property of the United
States, and be subject to the direction and control
of the Post Office Department, and shall pay a
rental at least equal to that of other boxes in the
same office, or if there be no other boxes in such
office, of boxes in other offices of the same class,
which rental shall be accounted for as other box
rents; but no postmaster shall be required to ac-
count for moneys received from individuals for the
purpose of purchasing and erecting said lock-boxes
or drawers as part of his postal jeneipts under
section forty-four of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
five, line fifteen, after the word " same." to
insert, "or who shall pledge or hypothecate
them for any purpose whatever ;" so that the
clause will read:
And any person intrusted by law with the sale of
postage stamps or stamped envelopes, who shall re-
fuse or noglect to account for the same, or who bhall
pledge or hypothecate them, for any purpose what-
ever, shall be deemed guilty of embezzlement, and
shall be subject to the same penalty and punishment
as are provided in this section for the embezzlement
of money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After the word "hypoth-
ecate" the words " or dispose of" ought to
be inserted.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is already a penal
oflense. To dispose of thein, to sell them, is
to convert them to his own use; but pledging
them is held not to be. That is the trouble.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I am much
obliged to my friend for the suggestion; but
selling is only one method of disposition. As
the committee have thought fit to make a
sweeping and exhaustive description of every
misconduct respecting these stamps, and have
added "to sell" the words "pledge or hypoth-
ecate," I now propose, in order to exliaust
every other method of disposition or wrongful
act, to insert the words " or dispose of."
Mr. COLE. He disposes of thein when he
sells them to A, B, or C.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So he does ; but suppose
he gives them away ; then does he not dispose
of them? But he does not sell them.
Mr. COLE. If he sells them he disposes
of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly true;
but he may dispose of them without selling
them. The old logic books say that every
bird is a swallow ; but they do not say that
every swallow is a bird, as my friend fiom
California would put it. I should reverse it
and say that every swallow was a bird, but not
every bird a swallow. Now, every sale is
a disposition ; but every disposition is not a
sale. My point, therefore, is to use language
that will embrace everything. The difficulty
with this amendment is that it confines itself
to two specific methods of disposition. I wish
to enlarge it so as to include every other
method by saying "hypothecate or dispose ,
of;" which may be a gift, which may be a
