798
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
Auditor for said Department shall forward to
the Department of Justice certified copies of
all papers in his office tending to sustain the
claim.
Sec. 312. That copies of the quarterly
returns of postmasters, and of any papers
pertaining to the accounts, in the office of the
Auditor for the Post Office Department, and
transcripts from the money-order account
books of said office, when certified by the
Auditor under the seal of his office, shall be
admitted as evidence in the courts of the Uni-
ted States, both in criminal and civil cases.
Sec. 313. That in all suits for the recovery
of balances due from postmasters, a copy,
duly certified under the seal of the Auditor for
the Post Office Department, of the statement
of any postmaster, special agent, or other
person employed by the Postmaster General
or the Auditor for that purpose, that he has
mailed a letter to such delinquent postmaster
at the post office where the indebtedness
accrued, or at his last usual place of abode ;
that a sufficient time has elapsed for said let-
ter to have reached its destination iu the ordin-
ary course of the mail; and that payment
of such balance has not been received within
the time designated in bis instructions, shall
be received as sufficient evidence in the courts
of the United States, or other courts, tliat a
demand has been made upon the delinquent,
postmaster ; but when the account of a late
postmaster has been once adjusted and settled,
and a demand has been maiie for the balance
appearing to be due, and afterward allowances
are made or credits entered, it shall not be
necessary, to make a further demand for the
new balance found to be due.
Sec. 314. That the Postmaster General may
discharge from imprisonment any person con-
fined m iu.il on any judgment in a civil case,
obtained in behalf of the Department, if it be
made to appear that the defendant has no
property of any description ;*but such release
shall not bar a subsequent execution against
the property of the defendent on the same
judgment.
Sec 315. That in all cases where a judg-
ment shall have been obtained for a debt or
damages due the Post Office Department, and
it shall satisfactorily appear that such judg
ment, or so much thereof as remains unpaid,
cannot, be collected by due process of law, the
Auditor for the said Department may, with
the wiitten cousetitof the Postmaster General,
compromise such judgment, and accept m
satisfaction less than the lull amount thereot.
Sec. 316. That in all cases of fine, penalty,
forleiluie, or disability, or alleged liability lor
any sum of money by way of damages or other-
wise, under any provision ol law in relation to
the officers, employees, operations, or busi-
ness of the postal service, the Postmaster Gen-
eral may prescribe such general rules and
modes of proceeding as shall appear to be ex-
pedient, fur the government ol the Auditor lor
the Post Office Department, iu ascertaining
the fact iu each case iu which said Auditor
shall certify to him that the interests of the
Department probably require the exercise ol
the power conferred by this and the preceding
section; and upon the lact being ascertained,
said Auditor may, with the written consent of
the Postmaster General, mitigate or remit such
fine, penalty, or forfeiture, remove such dis-
ability, or compromise, release, or discharge
such claim for such sum of money and dam-
ages, aud on such terms as the said Auditor
shall deem just and expedient.
Sec. 317. That one half of all pecuniary
penalties aud forfeitures incurred for the vioia
tiou ot any law in relation to thepostai service
shall be for the use of the peison informing
and prosecuting for the same, aud the other
for the use of the United States, except where
other disposition thereof is specially provided.
Sec. 318. That in all cases where debts are
due from defaultingor delinquent postmasters,
contractors, or other officers, agents, or em
ployees of the Post Office Department, a war-
rant, of attachment may issue against all real
and personal property and legal and equitable
rights belonging to such officer, agent, or em-
ployee, and his sureties, or either of them, in
the following cases:
First. When such officer, agent, oremployee,
aud his sureties, or either of them', is a non-
resident of the district where such officer, agent,
or employee was appointed, or has departed
from such district for the purpose of perma
nently residing out of the same, or of defraud-
ing the United States, or of avoiding the ser-
vice of civil process.
Second. When such officer, agent, or em-
ployee, and his sureties, or either of them, has
conveyed away, or is about to convey away,
his property, or any part thereof, or has re-
moved, or is about to lemove, the same, or
any part thereof, from the district wherein it
is situated, with intent to defraud the United
States.
And when any such property has been re-
moved, certified copies of the warrant may be
sent to the marshal of the district into which
the same has been removed, under which cer-
tified copies he may seize said property and
convey it to some convenient point, within the
jurisdiction of the court from which the war-
rant originally issued. And alias warrants
may be issued in such cases upon due appli
cation, and the validity of the warrant first
issued shall continue until the return day
thereof.
Sec. 319. That application for such warrant
of attachment may be made by any district or
assistant district attorney, or by any other per
son authorized by the Postmaster General,
before the judge, or, in his absence, before t he
clerk of any court of the United States having
oiiginal jurisdiction of the cause of action.
And such application shall be made upon an
affidavit of the applicant, or some other cred-
ible person, stating the existence of either of
the grounds of attachment enumerated iu the
preceding section, and upon production of
legal evidence of the debt.
Sec. 320. That upon any such application,
and upon due order of any judge of the court,
or, in hisabsence, without such order, the clerk
shall issue a warrant for the attachment of all
the property of any kind belonging to the per-
son specified in the affidavit, which warrant
shall be executed with all possible dispatch by
the marshal, who shall take the property at
tached, if personal, into his custody, and hold
the same subject to all interlocutory or final
orders of the court.
Sec. 321. That any time within twenty days
before the return day of such warrant, the
party whose property is attached may, on giving
notice to the district attorney of his intention,
file a plea in abatement, traversing the allega-
tions of the affidavit, or denying the ownership
of the property attached to be in the defend-
ants, or either of them, in which case the court
may, upon application of either party, order
an immediate trial by jury of the issues raised
by the affidavit and piea; but the parties may,
by consent, waive a trial by jury, in which case
the court shall decide the issues raised. Any
party claiming ownership of the property
attached, and a specific return thereof, shall
be confined to the remedy herein afforded, but
his right to an action of trespass, or other
action for damages, shall not be impaired
thereby.
Sec. 322. That when the property attached
shall be so!d on an interlocutory oider of the
couit, or when it shall be producing any rev-
enue, the money arising from such sale or
revenue shall be invested in securities of the
United States, under the order of the court,
and all accretions shall be held subject to the
orders ot the same.
Sec. 323. That immediately upon the ex-
ecution of any such warrant of attachment,
the marshal shall cause due publication there-
of to be made, in case of absconding debtors
for two months, and of non-residenis for four
months. The publication shall be made in
some newspaper published in the district where
the property is situate, and the details thereof
shall be regulated by the order under which
the warrant is issued.
Sec. 324. That after the first publication of
such notice of attachment as required by law,
every person indebted to, or having possession
of any property belonging to, the said defend-
ants, or either of them, and having knowledge
of such notice, shall account and answer for
the amount of such debt, and the value of such
property ; and any disposal or attempt to dis-
pose of any such property, to the injury of the
United States, shall be illegal and void. Aud
when the person indebted to, or having pos-
session of the property of, such defendants,
or either of them, shall be known to the dis-
trict attorney or marshal, such officer shall
see that personal notice of the attachment is
served upon such person; butthe want of such
notice shall not invalidate (he attachment.
Sec. 325. That upon application of the party
whose property has been attached, the court,
or any judge thereof, may discharge the war-
rant of attachment as to the property of the
applicant, provided such applicant shall ex-
ecute to the United States a good and suffi-
cient penal bond, in double the value of the
property attached, to be approved by a judge
of the court, and with condition for the return
of said property, or to answer any judgment
which may be rendered by the court in the
premises.
Sec. 326. That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to limit or abridge, in any
manner, such rights of the United Slates as
have accrued or been allowed in any district
under the former practice of, or the adoption
of State laws by, the United States courts.
Sec. 327. That the following acts and parts
of acts and resolutions and parts of resolu-
tions are hereby repealed, but such repeal
shall not be construed to affect or extend to
any crimes or offences heretofore committed,
and which are punishable under any law
hereby repealed; but all such crimes and
offences shali ba prosecuted, determined, and
punished according to the said laws, the game
as if this act had not passed : nor shall such
repeal be construed to affect any appoint-
ment to office, or any contract, debt, or
demand under or by virtue of the said laws, but
all such appointments, contracts, debts, and
demands shall have full force and effect, the
same as if this act had not passed. That the
relerences to the said acts hereby repealed are
to the same as contained in the edition of the
Statutes at-Large, published by Lis tie, Brown,
and Company, uuder and by virtue of the
resolution of March three, eighteen hundred
and forty-five, and the continuation thereof.
Act of March 3, 1791, chapter 23, volume 1,
page 218, in part, .namely, section 2.
May 8, 1794,chapter 23,volume 1, page
354, in part, namely, sections 2, 3,
4, 5, 0, 7,8, 9. It), 11, 12, 13, 14,15,
16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25,
20, 27, and 28.
March 3, 1797, chapter 19, volume 1,
pa^e 509, m par', uamely, sections
4, 5, 0, 7, 8, and 9.
June 22, 1798, chapter 50, volume 1,
pa^e 509.
March 2, 1799, chapter 43, volume 1,
page 733.
December 15, 1800, chapter 1, volume
2, page 88, in part, namely, sections
1 and 2.
