3538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
operate said bridge, and to put down suaitble tracks
along Maryland avenue to its intersection with the
line of the Washington canal and thence along the
corner of said canal, or in the center of C, I), or E
street south, by a tunnel under the public grounds
east of the Capitol building, and at a sufficient dis-
tance therefrom, to be approved by the engineer in
charge of public buildings and grounds, to Delaware
avenue, and along said avenue to tne lme of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Sec. —. That the said Orange, Alexandria., and
Manassas Railroad Company shall have authority
to extend a lateral branch from Maryland avenue
along Twelfth street to the line of the Washington
canal, and across said canal, by suitable bridge, and
along said street to its intersection with B street
north, and shall have authority to build and main-
tain a depot and station at or near its terminus on
Twelfth street, as above described. It shall be com-
petent for said Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas
Railroad Company to make a connecting track from
a point on said lateral bl'ancu m Twelfth street,
along Virginia avenue eastward to its main line:
Provided, That said tracks shall conform to the pre-
scribed grade of the streets, and that any damage
caused to the property of individuals by the con-
struction of said road shall be paid for by said rail-
road company: And provided further, That the said
route through the said city shall be underthe super-
intendence of the engineer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds.
I understand that the road at the foot of
Capitol Hill connecting with the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad is to be taken up, so that there
will be no connection between that road and
the Potomac river. This is a bill introduced
by the Senator, from Virginia on my left, [Mr.
Lewis, ] asking Congress to grant this privilege,
so that there may be a connection between the
Washington road and the Alexandria road.
That is the object of it, and if it is appended
to this bill it will be unnecessary to take it up
as a separate and independent measure. The
bill was reported unanimously by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and it has
the sanction of the Senator from Virginia 011
my left. It is a proper bill, one necessary to
secure connection with the South, and it ought
to be appended to this bill. Whether it will
be or not 1 cannot say. The passage of this
bill without any amendment seems to be a
foregone conclusion. I had almost suspected,
from the unanimity with which all amend-
ments, some of them so very appropriate, have
been voted down, that this was one of the secret
measures agreed upon in an assemblage which
recently met in one of the rooms of the Cap-
itol. However, sir, 1 submit the amendment
to the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. LEWIS. I do not know whether I
have the right to say anything; I am told that
I have no right to speak upon the amend-
ment; but I do not wish to have the amend-
ment adopted on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the understanding last evening
only the Senator who offers an amendment
has a right to speak in behalf of it. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the passage
ofthe bill the yeas and nays have been ordered,
and the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. COOPER. On this question T am
paired with the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rice.] Ifhewerehere he would vote "yea,"
and I should vote "nay."
Mr. FBNTON. I an> paired with the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz.] If he were
here he would vote " nay," and I should vote
"yea."
Mr. IvELLY. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson.] If he
were present he would vote against the bill,
and I should vote for it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Cragin.]
He would "vote "yea," and I should vote
" nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Corbetfc,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis,
Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,Tipton,
Trumbull, West, Wilson, and AVindom—39.
NAYS—Messrs, Ames, Blair, Borcman, Cole,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds. Ferry ol Con-
necticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Johnston, MorriU of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Saulsbury, Sprague, Sumner Thurman, and
Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Casserly, Chandler, Cooper, Cra^in, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton. Mill, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of
Maine, Rice, Schurz, Stevenson, and Wright—17.
So the bill was passed.
bill introduced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1118) making appropriation
for the casting of the equestrian statue of the
late General Rawlins: which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer this bill
by request without any opinion as to its pro-
priety. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
OltDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the condition of business before the Sen-
ate. By the unanimous order of the Senate,
the morning session to day up to half past
four o'clock was assigned to the consideration
of bills from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and if any time remained of the afternoon
session, it was to be given to the Committee
on Public Lands, and the evening session was
to be devoted to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads ; whatever should remain
unfinished at the close of the evening session
to go upon the Calendar. There was no un-
finished business yesterday evening except the
bill which has now been disposed of, by the
Senate.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
first recognize the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Haki.an,] the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. Does he yield, and if so, to
whom ; to the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] or the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scott,] who are both claiming
the floor?
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Sen-
ator from Iowa for jielding. The Senate has
just passed a District of Columbia bill pro-
viding for a railroad station. I wish that they
would be good enough now to take up the
school bill, which has been under considera-
tion several times, and on which I think we
can have a vote at once. Having broken into
the park in order to have a railroad station,
1 think the Senate will be disposed now to
determine the question of equal rights in the
schools. I think the schools are entitled to
as much attention as the railroad ; but the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania, who has in charge
the railroad bill, has greater resources in this
Chamber than I have. He has beeu able, we
see, to speed his railroad bill, while I make
these ineffectual efforts for equal rights. I
hope now the Senator from Iowa will allow
me to move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the school bill with a view to
have a vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hav-
ing assigned to day for the consideration, first,
of reports from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and after they are concluded, for the
Committee on Public Lands if any time re-
mains of the afternoon session, the Senator
from Massachusetts moves that that order be
suspended for the purpose of considering the
District school bill. Is there objection?
Mr. HARLAN. I object,
Mr. SCOTT. I understood the Senator from
Iowa had yielded to me, but it was impossible
for me to be heard over the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. HARLAN. It was my intention to
hear merely the statement from the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. I move now that
the Senate proceed to -the consideration 
Mr. MORTON. I rise for the purpose of
asking unanimous consent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield?
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot. Imovethatthe
Senate proceed to the consideration 
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator extend
to me the courtesy of allowing me to make a
statement ?
M!r. HARLAN. Certainly. I will hear
the statement.
Mr. MORTON. There is a bill here which
is almost or quite in the nature of a question
of privilege. Mr. Rogers was elected to the
House of Representatives from North Caro-
lina, and all that keeps hjm from taking his
seat is the failure to remove his disabilities.
The House passed a bill for that purpose unan-
imously, and sent it here some time ago, and
I suppose there is no objection to it at all.
Mr. CONKLING. There will be discussion
upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. That can be called up
during some morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent, as the day has been as:
signed for other business, or a postponement
of the orders for the day.
Mr. POMEROY". Amendments will be
offered to that bill. The Senator from Illinois
has a general amnesty bill toofferas an amend-
ment. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Iowa
permit tne to make a statement?
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the statement.
Mr. SCO fl'. Mr. President, I had charge
of the unfinished business for yesterday, and
it was displaced by a motion to lay it upon
the table, which of course precluded all de-
bate upon that motion. I desired the oppor-
tunity this morning, having in charge the unfin-
ished business yesterday, to make a motion to
bring that unfinished business again before
the Senate. It is Senate bill No. 656, which
extends the power of the President to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus until after
the next session of Congress. I think it is
important that whatever action is taken upon
that subject should be taken soon here. I
wished to make a motion to postpone what-
ever might be the pending business this morn-
ing for the purpose of taking up that bill; and
it is for the purpose of making that motion
that I ask the consent of the Senator from
Iowa, so that the sense of the Senate may be
tested upon it. I was yesterday in the posi-
tion of being compelled to submit to the sense
of the Senate being taken upon a motion
which admitted of no debate.
Mr. POMER.OY. Let me assure the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that we shall all help
to take up his bill to-morrow; but three com-
mittees have had this day and evening assigned
to them. If they can go through, and secure
the passage of their bills which do not require
debate, for they are mostly local bills, to-mor-
row the way will be clear for the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and I shall be only too glad to
help him then. But I would not displace
these three committees to-day.
Mr. SCOTT. I am now asking the Senator
from Iowa if he will yield for a motion. If
he will not, I desire to give notice that when-
ever (he business of the day shall be finished
I will move then to take up this bill, so that
it may be the unfinished business for to-mor-
row,
Mr. HARLAN. I think that is the better
course to pursue.
Mr- STOCKTON- I ask permission to
make a remark upon the subject on which the
Senator from Pennsylvania was speaking.
