3540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
to appoint might enter into a treaty with the
Indians, for that is the substance of it, for the
cession of lands reciprocally on both sides, just
what treaties had always done hitherto, and
that should be a valid method of exercising
the powers of the Government. Now let us
see what is provided as to the Usages, and then
if we can find any other that comes nearer to
it let us have that. All X can find about the
Osages that is said to be a precedent for this
is a clause providing for the payment of interest
on their funds, with this proviso:
Provided, That each half-breed or mixed blood of
the Osages, being twenty-one years of age, or the
head of a family, shall, under such rules ancl regu-
lations and on such proofs as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Interior, bo entitled to enter,
without cost, within the diminished reservation of
the Osage Indians, in Kansas, a tract of land, in com-
pact form and by legal subdivisions, not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres, upon which half-breed
or mixed blood have heretofore actually settled and
made improvements: Provided, however, That such
hall-breed or mixed blood so entering such land
shall thereby forfeit all claim to lands withiu the
Indian territory which have been or shall be pur-
chased out of the proeeeds of the sale of the land of
the Osages in the State of Kansas : And provided
further, That the land so entered shall not be aiiena-
ble by such half-breed or mixed blood without the
consent of the Secretary of the Interior, approved
by the President.
That is all there is upon this subject of mak-
ing a statutory treaty by act of Congress, with
the Osage Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
wants to get at it, it may have been the year
before. There was a provision put into the
appropriation bill providing for the disposi-
tion of about eight million acres of land of the
Osage Indians, provided they should consent
thereto.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
from Iowa is hardly justified in making the re-
mark he made, that if I want to get at it I
should look in some other place, for I asked
him where to get at it and he said it was to be
found in last year's Indian appropriation bill.
I have looked where the Senator directed me,
and it is not there. Therefore I submit to him
in all good nature that it is not quite the thing
to say that if I want to get at it I had better
look somewhere else. Now, I will look else-
where in order to get at it.
Mr. POMEROY. I will tell the Senator
that he will find it in the appropriation bill
of 1870. The section of the act relative to
the Osages went into effect July 15, 1871.
That was the time the settlers who went on
were obliged to make their payments—just a
year from the passage of the act.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that this bill be
passed over informally, to give the honorable
Senator an opportunity to look up the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 ask the honorable Sen-
ator's pardon. I am looking for the law just
where he wished me.
Mr. HAllLAN. And let us go on with
another bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
the bill being passed over in fact, not inform-
ally, because I am not able to stay here. I
have now the law to which the Senator has
again referred me, and I will see what I can
find there on the subject of the Osages. I
dare say the Senator is entirely right,, but it
is necessary to know it. The act of 1870 pro-
vided—
11 That whenever the Great and Little Osage In-
dians shall agree thereto, in sueh manner as the
President shaii prescribe, it shall be the duly of the
President to remove said Indians from the State of
Kansas to lands provided or to be provided for them
for a permanent home in the Indian territory."
And_then there is an appropriation to defray
the expenses of the removal and for the sale
of the lands from which we remove them, and
then we give them money for stock and farm-
ing utensils. All that it contains touching the
subject we have now under consideration is
an authority by the act of Congress to the
President of the United States, with the con-
sent given to him as the executive head of the
nation, to allow these Indians to remove from
one part of the Indian territory to another,
and to provide the means of their removal and
their subsistence when they get there, and for
the sale of the lands which they abandoned.
I do not know that I should have made any
objection to that, although it evidently must
have got in through a conference; but how
does that compare with this, where by act of
Congress you send out the Secretary of the
Interior to negotiate what my friend would
call a contract but what has always hitherto
been called a treaty, and which by any name
is substantially the very same thing whatever
you call it, for the disposition of certain of
their lands and for the cession to them of
certain other lands, which is then to be re-
ported, not to the President of the United
States or to the Senate, but is to be reported
to Congress in its legislative capacity for rati-
fication or rejection. That is the question. I
submit to my honorable friend that this pre-
cedent which he has referred to does not sus-
tain that position at all.
Now, if it is agreeable to him to modify this
bill so as to make it conform to the method
adopted as to the Osages, I certainly shall not
interpose any objection, whatever my views
may be.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection if the
honorable Senator will suggest an amendment
to carry out his views.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will prepare it and you
can lay the bill aside and go ahead.
Mr. HARLAN. While the honorable Sen-
ator is preparing the amendment I ask that
another bill be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) If there is no objec-
tion the bill will be laid aside informally.
Mr. HARLAN subsequently said: I move
now that the Senate return to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 1914, to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men of the Shoshone and
Bannock tribes of Indians for the relinquish-
ment of a portion of their reservation in
Wyoming Territory. I send up a copy of
the amendment suggested by the honorable
Senator from Vermont, to which I have no
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill,
which was informally laid aside, will be re-
sumed and the amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill so as to make it read:
Beit enacted, &c., That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized to negotiate with the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians for the relinquish-
ment uf that portion of thereservationofsaid tribes
in Wyoming Territory which is situate south of the
central dividing ridge between the Big Popoagie
and Little Wind rivers and south of the forty-third
parallel, and to cede to said tribes landslymg north
of and adjacent to their present reservation, equal
in area to any lands by them ceded: I'rovided, This
authority shall not continue beyond Jaunary 1,1873.
The amendment was agreed to.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: " A
bill to authorize the President of the United
States to negotiate with the Bannock and Sho-
shone tribes of Indians."
quapaw lands in kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 757.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 757)
to carry into effect the fourth article of the
treaty of February 23, 1867, with the Seneca,
Shawnee, Quapaw, and other Indians.
The preamble recites that by the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of February 23, 1867, with
the Shawnee, Quapaw, and other Indians, the
strip of lands belonging to the Quapaws lying
within the State of Kansas was sold to the
United States, and intended, by the amend-
ment to that article, to be sold to actual set-
tlers, under the preemption laws of the United
States ; but by the manner of insertion of the
amendment, the lands are left without any
provisions for their disposal carrying out the
intention of the treaty and of its amendments.
The first section provides that the amend-
ment shall not be construed as authorizing or
providing for the disposal of the lands of the
Quapaw Indians, which, by the fourth article
of the treaty of February 23, 1867, were sold
to the United States at $1 15 an acre, and
lying and being within the boundary of the
Indian territory, but the amendment shall
refer to, and be construed to authorize and
direct, the disposal of the strip of land there-
tofore belonging to these Indians, lying and
being within the State of Kansas, and which,
by this article of the treaty, were sold to the
United States for $ 1 25 an acre.
The second section declares said strip of
land within the State of Kansas, so ceded to
the United States by the Quapaw baud of
Indians, open to entry and premption, under
the premption laws of the United States, at the
price of $1 25 an acre, and all such premptions
are to be paid for in the lawful money of the
United States, at the proper land office, within
one year from the dateof settlement, or where
settlement was made before the passage of the
act, then within one year from its passage.
In case any settler has entered upon and im-
proved a single tract, not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, a part of which is em-
braced in the Quapaw strip, and a part on the
Government strip, so called, his entry of the
part on the Government strip, under the pre-
emption laws, shall not prevent the entry of
the remainder of his tract upon the Quapaw
lands under the present act.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section two, line six, after the
word "acre, " to insert "excepting therefrom
one half section to be patented to Samuel G.
Vallier, including his improvements as pro-
vided in the fourth article of said treaty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty, to inseit after the words "Quapaw
lands, " the words "in the State of Kansas."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
r. ii. i'llatt.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
now take up Senate bill No. 549.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 549) for the relief of'R. II. Pratt, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is a
direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to R. H. Pratt, first lieutenant tenth cav-
alry,'$200, for horse stolen from him by Co-
manche Indians in 1869.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to insert after the
word " dollars," in line six, the words " or so
much thereof as he shall prove to the satis-
faction of the Interior Department that the
horse was worth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
CHARLES P. TRACY.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
now take up House bill No. 54G.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 546) for the relief
of Charles F. Tracy. It proposes to appropri-
ate $14,650 to enable the Secretary of the Late-
