1,748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1(5,
coal, lead, copper, wool, leather, and lumber,
and moderate revenue duties on the imported
manufactured products of these crude mate-
rials, and liberal duties on all imports of com-
modities not produced in our country to any
considerable extent, and which are articles of
secondary necessity, such as tea, coffee, sugar,
and spices, and high duties on all imported
luxuries, such as wines, silks, spices, and
precious stones ; and such duties on imported
spirits, tobacco, and cigars as will fully com-
pensate the domestic producers of like pro-
ducts against the excise taxes which they are
required to pay.
With such an adjustment of tariff taxes,
and all other imports, numbering at least one
thousand articles, made free, and the repeal of
our foolish and restrictive navigation laws,
and wiih free trade in ships our country and
people would speedily attain the most endur-
ing and pervading prosperity, and our manu-
facturers and artisans could compete most
successfully, not only in our own markets, but
in the markets of the world, and, with their
acknowledged superiority among men in in-
vention, enterprise, skill, and creative power,
and our magnificent agricultural resources, and
our inexhaustible, cheap, and accessible sup-
plies of all the materials for mechanic indus-
try, we could soon regain our rightful position
as the foremost commercial nation in the
world. It is an unjust reflection and a humil-
iating confession, for any man to assume that,
under such impartial, equal, and honest laws,
the ytfung blood, the matchless energy, the
adaptive genius, and the quick-rallying power
of our people could be distanced in competi-
tion by any people under the sun. Such a
policy could not fail to increase our prosperity,
rapidly develop our resources, better call out
the industrial talents and skill of our citizens,
and restore equality in the public burdens to a
great extent.
AGRICULTURE AND OTHER UNPROTECTED PURSUITS
HAVE RIGHTS.
The pretentious demands of the protection-
ists entirely ignore the equal rights of all other
classes. It is well known to intelligent men
that at least forty-one per cent, of our whole
•population are engaged in and supported by
agriculture; and at least fifty per cent, of ail
the annual values produced in the country owe
their existence to the unprotected pursuits of
agriculture; while all the protected industries
produce less than nine per cent, of the aggre-
gate of values, and the remaining forty-one per
cent, of these values is justly creditable to the
other unprotected classes and industries of the
country. All the classes directly or indirectly
benefited by proteciion do not exceed eight per
cent, of our population, and yet it is in their
interest alone that all protective duties are im-
posed, ana the "lion's share" of ail the
tribute thus extorted from 40.000,000 people
is appropriated by a few thousand men of that
number—the capitalists, the wealthy employ-
ers, the mill and factory owners, the iron-
mongers, and the imperial monopolists. Agri-
culture cannot be protected except by being
letaloue; but these gentlemen have discovered
that it can pay tribute as well as taxes, and
therefore ''protective" tariff's are made.
It is a precious fountain of national pros-
perity and growih, the most enduring basts of
public safety and patriotism, and mall respects
entitled to the favor of the Government, and
especially to protection against the payment
of bounties to any other classes. Besides,
nearly nine tenths of our domestic mechanic
industries are so distributed throughout, the
country, and are so essentially local in their
nature, and are so closely identified with the
people in all the local relations of business, that
they are entirely beyood the reach of any
benefit from protective duties, and can only
be injured and oppressed by them, and of such
industries are the manufacture of houses, facto-
ries and buildings of all kinds, of stores, fur-
naces, carriages, agricultural implements, har-
nesses, clothing, steamboats, cars, locomotives,
fire-engines, furniture, printing-presses, books,
newspapers, wooden ware, blacksmithing, and
hundreds of other most useful and valuable
industries. Yet all these are by "protection "
made to suffer and pay tribute on almost all
they consume, whether in clothing, the com-
forts of life, the raw material for their indus-
tries, or the instruments of toil.
The greatest want of our agriculture to-day,
and indeed of every commercial interest in our
country, is cheap transportation. That we do
not now enjoy this inestimable boon is directly
chargeable to our "protective" tariff. Their
devices and crimes against equal rights and
the liberty of free exchange have made our
railroads cost at least thirty-three per cent,
more than they should have cost. If our people
in building railroads could have enjoyed the
advantages of a just and rational tariff, they
would not now be compelled to pay such bur-
densome and excessive freights on all our
interior commerce. The farmer and the arti-
san would not be compelled to pay such large
tribute to our great corporations. Commerce
and exchange would develop mora rapidly, and
the welfare and happiness of all classes be most'
effectively promoted.
CONCLUSION.
I hold that one of the greatest vices that
ever cursed our country is that of legislation
which discriminates in favor of one class and
against another; which holds one manor one
pursuitin higher estimation than another; which
restricts the freedomof trade of all to increase
the gains of favorites ; which makes the many
pay tribute to the few. It is the primary duty
of the Government to collect its needful rev-
enues at the least practicable expense to its
citizens, and with the least possible interfer-
ence with personal liberty, and to guarantee
to all the people equal laws, privileges, and
protection.
These fundamental duties our present sys-
tem of tariffs utterly ignores. If the youthful
vitality and energy of our people were not in
all respects unparalleled, this system would long
since have borne here the same bitter fruits it
brought to the people of Great Britain. The
statesmen who effectually reform this selfish
and tyrannical system will rank in our future
history as the greatest benefactors of this age.
Future generations will revere and bless their
memory—the rich as well as the poor, the
artisan and the agriculturist—as all classes in
England to-day do honor to the great name of
Richard Cobden, the free trader, the political
economist, the friend of mankind, and who
was also and in an especial manner the friend
of America.
For my part, I am willing to follow these
precious principles of wise economy and
human liberty to their logical results, and
I shall do" it in the profoundest confidence
that their fruits will be most just, profitable,
and beneficent to all the people, and that
they will extend the domain of personal lib-
erty, give fiimer anchorage to public morals,
and surer basis to our institutions. I may not
live to witness the achievement of these results.
But, whatever may be the present course of
our country on thisgreat subject, I know these
principles will find their vindication in our
future history.
Mr. KELLBY. I grieve that, I cannot pro-
ceed immediately to reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] but I propose to
do so as soon as the gentieman from Missouri,
[Mr. McCormick,] who is next entitled to the
floor, shall have concluded his remarks.
CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The pres-
ent condition of the civil service of the United
States, Mr. Speaker, calls so loudly for reform
that its consideration rises above party. The
evils which afflict it result mainly from a dis-
regard of principles found in the Constitution
and from a widespread avarice now pervading
almost every condition of society in this coun-
try. Our Government being composed of a
legislative, executive, and judicial department,
cannot be safely conducted, except by the
separate and independent action of each one of
these departments. This is our only security
against maladministration and tyranny which
must ever result from a concentration of the
powers of government in the hands of one
department. This concentration of power is
despotism; it is an end of constitutional liberty,
wherever it may obtain. Therefore, every-
thing in our present civil service system which
tends to these results calls at once for redress.
That such tendencies do exist I think is fully
demonstrated by practices which have obtained
in the administration of our civil affairs. Un-
der the Constitution it is the duty of the Presi-
dent to nominate, and with the advice and
consent of the Senate to appoint embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of
the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not
otherwise provided for. This power cannot
be delegated by the President to the legisla-
tive department of Government, nor can he
confer office upon its members without im-
pairing their independence; to guard against
which, the Constitution provides:
No Senator or Representative shall, during the
time for which be was elected, be appointed to any
civil office under the authority of the United States,
which shall have been created, or the emoluments
whereof shall have been increased duiint? such
time; and no person holding any office under the
United States shall be a member of either House
during his continuance in office."
This contemplates separate and independent
action of the coordinate departments of Gov-
ernment ; and to foster purity of purpose in
Senators and Representative?, by leaving no
inducements to create unnecessary offices or
to improperly i ncrease the emoluments of those
already in existence.
It was also intended to preserve the inde-
pendence of the legislative department, which
might be subject to undue influence from the
Executive, who, if at liberty to confer office
upon Senators and Representatives by ap-
pointment, might thereby exert an influence
over Congress which would enable him to shape
legislation and effectually control a depart-
mentof Government of which he was no part.
It is true that under our present civil service sys-
tem the President does not appoint Senators
and Representatives to office, but by appointing
their friends to office, and turning over to them
the Government patronage of the States they
represent, he is likely to obtain that very
influence over them which this provision of
the Constitution was intended to prevent.
Nor does this system lessen the influence of the
President with those appointed to office, who
understand their official term depends upon
the will of the Executive, notwithstanding
their nomination by a member of Congress.
It is thus the independence of the legislative
departnientisimpaired, while that of the exec-
utive is increased ; the tendency of which is to
impair the adjustment of those checks and bal-
ances in our system of government upon which
its harmonious action must depend Impressed
with the importance of this subject, Congress
at its last session ma le an appropriation to
pay a board of commissioners chargcd with
the duties of investigating this subject. Ac-
cordingly, the investigation was made, and the
report of the commissioners laid before Con-
gress, in which I find the following sta'ement:
" During the early Administrations appointments
were made trom considerations of character and fit-
ness, and removals took place lor cause. Ttiisprac-
tice, as it was the wisest and most reasonable, wa?
also to be expected, beeaude Washington w >s unani-
mously elected to the Presidency, and party divis-
ions. as we know them, were developed only toward
the close of his administration. He required of ap-
plicants proofs of ability, integrity, and fitness.
' Beyond this,' he said, 'nothing with me is neces-
sary or will be of any avail to them in ray decision.'
John Ad;i iris madet few removals, and those for
cause. Jefferson said that the pressure to remove
was like a torrent. But he resisted it, and declared,
in his famous phrase, that 'theouJy questions con-
