2044
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
' tioa to the-contrary; and my objection to the
bill, as I have said, is that the bill as it stands
leaves the postmaster to be the judge as to
how the application shall be made. I wish to
leave the Department to be the judge as to
how the application shall be made, guided by
the rules of law which the Senator has so well
Mr. CASSERLY. I certainly understood
the Senator from Vermont to retain the words
"at the option of the Postmaster General or
the Auditor," and then to skip the words in
brackets and go on, " be applied first to dis-
charge any balance which may be due from
said postmaster under his old bond."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes I did, because I
had not, got to that, and it is necessary in my
view to leave the discretion in the Postmaster
General or the Auditor—I think there ought
to be only one officer probably—not a discre-
tion, as I have said, which shall be arbitrary,
but a judicial discretion, depending upon the
circumstances of the case, because we cannot
say that all payments made after a change in
bonds shall be applied to the old account, be-
cause it maybe from revenue immediately de-
rived under the new account, which would
wrong the new bondsmen.
Air. CASSERLY, Undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So that Ave must leave it
to somebody to determine the application.
My point simply is, if we leave it to somebody,
it is better to leave it to the impartial Depart-
ment than to leave it to a partial postmaster.
Mr. CASSERLY. My only objection to
the Senator's amendment was that it seemed
to leave the right of'the sureties depending on
the option of a third party, the Postmaster
General. It has occurred to me that perhaps
tlie object had in view might be as well, if not
better, accomplished by adding after the word
''Auditor" these words, "having due regard
to the rights of sureties on the old and the
new bond." That would direct the attention
of the officer to the law as it exists in regard
to sureties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The difficulty about, that
would lie that it would make the Postmaster
General, or the Auditor, a mere ministerial
officer i.o cany out this law, and if he made
the least mistake, even with ihe best of mo-
tives, llieii one set of sureties or the other
would complain and say they were discharged
entirely. That, X think, would be guing too
far in tavor of the sureties of official default-
ers; so that 1 think the only safe course would
be to trust to the si-'use of equity, leaving the
discretion in the impartial officers of the Gov-
ernment, as you would t.o a chancellor, to
exeieise their judgment; but when they had
exercised it. not to allow the sureties to escape
on the ground that they had made a mistake
in the exercise of it.
Mr. CASSEULY. It is "a judicial function
to be discharged at all events under this op-
tion which is vested in the Postmaster General
or the Auditor, and that is a function which is
to be discharged with due reference to the rights
of all parties, and first of all to the rights of
the sureties on the respective obligations. I
I^ik'ss 1 do not see any objection to inserting
ifu-re whatis the undoubted tenor and exigency
of the amendment; because, by tiie statement
of the Senator from Vermont himself, the
Postmaster General or the Auditor is to exer-
eisf a judicial duty in executing this option
which is given to him.
Ivli. EDMUNDS. Suppose you should say,
then, •' may, if liie Pohtmanter General shall
think it just, be applied;" so as to make it
plainly a judicial decision, not a ministerial
one'!
Mr. CASSERLY. The truth is, it is not
very easy to dispose of a question so important,
and sometimes so complicated, as this very ques-
tion which frequently arises between t-.vo sets
of sureties ot the same officer on two different
bonds for two different terms. It oeen rred to
me that the amendment that I propose will ac-
complish the purpose if inserted after the word
"Auditor," and taking the rest of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont precisely
as he offered it, "having due regard to the
rights of the sux-eties." That does not bind the
Postmaster General or the Auditor to anything.
It simply points his attention to the judicial
character of the function which he is to exer-
cise, to which I think there should be no
objection, directing his attention in that way
to that important fact.
Of course I do not wish to provoke a debate
in the Senate, such as we are now looking
upon, and I shall not be persistent about it
unless it strikes the chairman of the commit-
tee and the Senator from Vermont, who is
giving attention to this subject, favorably. It
seems to me, however, a desirable addition to
the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. POMEROY. That is, I understand, to
strike out the words in the amendment after
the word "bond," in the eighth line?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is right
enough.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now I move to amend
the section as amended, by inserting after the
word "Auditor" the words " having due re-
gard to the rights-of the sureties on the old
and new bond respectively.
Mr, POMEROY. If you say " having due
regard to the sureties," you embrace the
whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. That may embrace the
sureties on one boud and not both.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think that
amendment will answer for the reason I before
stated, and that is that it requires the Post-
master General to adjust the application of
these payments upon a particular principle
which the law points out. If he fails to con-
form to that principle, then the surety wronged
is discharged ; and as our object is to protect
the Government primarily, if we are going to
leave anything to the option of the Postmaster
General we must leave to him an option which,
when exercised, becomes a binding option,
and one that the mere erroneous exercise of
will not have the effect to injure the Govern-
ment in respect to relieving people who are
otherwise bound ; so that 1 should hope that,
amendment would not be adopted. 1 should
have no objection to there being substituted
(or the words now in the bill the words " may,
if the Postmaster General or the Auditor shad
deem it just, be applied," so as to call their
attention to the principles of justice, but leav-
ing them to be the judges of what under partic-
ular circumstances it is just to do. It might
happen in a state of confusion that it would
be extremely difficult to tell whether the sum
of money paid in, or what part of it, as it
might happen that the whole sum paid in was
derived partly from one source and partly from
the other, had been derived from the prior
business of the office. Therefore, if the amend-
ment of my friend from California, if he will
not accept my suggestion, should be disagreed
to, I should have no objection to moving to
make the clause read, "such new bond may,
if the Postmaster General or the Auditor shall
think it just, be applied but as he proposes
it, I am very much afraid it would produce
an extreme difficulty in enforcing a bond against
any surety if that surety could show in a court
of justice that the Postmaster General or the
Auditor had made the slightest error in the
application of a dollar of the money.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that amendment
is much better as the Senator proposes it,
because to me it is incomprehensible how you
can direct an officer at his option to do a par-
ticular thing. When you give him an option,
you give him the choice to do one thing or
the other; but as the amendment stands as
adopted it reads:
That when any postmaster shall be required to
execute a new bond all payments made by him after
the execution of such new bond may, at the option
of the Postmaster General or the Auditor, be ap-
plied first to discharging any balance which may be
due from such postmaster under his old bond.
You give him an option, and yet you direct
him what to do. You give it and take it
away in the same breath. Therefore, I think
the last suggestion of the Senator from Ver-
mont is a very great improvement upon the
section as it now stands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
words "at the option of," in line three, and
insert the word "if;" and after the word
"Auditor" to insert " shall deem it just;" so
that it will read : "may, if the Postmaster Gen-
eral or the Auditor shall deem it just, be ap-
plied first to discharge," &c. That will make
it right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Should not the word "first"
be stricken out at the end of the sixth line,
after the word "applied?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no, not necessarily,
because a sufficient sum might be paid in to do
both.
The next amendment was in section sixty-
seven, line eleven, to strike out the words
"acceptance of the new bond, the date of
which acceptance shall be indorsed thereon,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the words " last
day of the quarter in which such new bond
shall be executed;" so that the section will
read :
Sec. 67. That when any of the sureties of ft post-
master shall notify the Postmaster General of their
desire to be released from their suretyship, or when
the Postmaster General deems a new bond neces-
sary, he shall require the postmaster to execute
such new bond, with security, which, when accepted
by the Postmaster General, shall be as valid as the
bond given upon the original appdintmenl of such
postmaster, and the sureties in the prior bond shall
be released from responsibility for all acts or de-
faults of such postmaster which may be done or
committed subsequent to the last day of the quarter
in which such new bond shall be executed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The uext amendment was in section eighty-
one, line ten, to strike out the word "one"
before the word "hundred" and insert "two,"
and in line eleven to strike out the word "one"
before "hundred" and insert "two;" so that
the section will read:
Skc. 81. That tho compensation of postmasters
shall be a iixed annual salary, to be divided into
five classes, exclusive of the postmaster at New York
city, wiiose salary shall be $6,000 per annum. The
salary of the first class shall be not more than $4,000
nor le-s than $3,Oft); of the second class, less than
$3,000, but not leso than $2,000 ; of the third class,
less than $2,000, bat not less than $1,000 ; of ihe
fourth class, less than $1,000. but not less thaD $200;
of the fifth class, less than j}200; and the salaries of
the first, second, and third cUsses shall be in even
hundreds of dollars: of the fourth class, in even tens
of dollars; and of the filth class, in even dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eighty-
four, line sixteen, after the word "printed"
to insert the words " and other mailable;" so
that the clause will read:
And in order to ascertain the amount of the
postal receipts of each office, the Postmaster Gen-
eral shallrequire postmasteis to state under oath, at
such times and tor such periods as he may deem
necessary in each case, the amount ot stamps can-
celed, the amount of box rents received, the amount
of unpaid postages collected, and the amount of
postage on printed and other mailable matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following sections :
Sec. 93. That letter-carriers shall be employed for
the free delivery of mail-matter, as frequently as
the public convenience may require, at every place
containing a population of fifty thousand, withm
the delivery of its post olfice, and at such other
places as the Postmaster General may direct.
Sec. 91. That the salary of letter-carriers shall be
fixed by the Postmaster General, and &hall not ex -
ceed §800 per annum; but on satisfactory evidence
of diligence, fidelity, and experience, he may in-
crease their salary to any sum not exceeding #1.000
