852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. DUNNELL. We do not want any of
the money in our State. Thanks to the Gen-
eral Government, we have received for educa-
tional purposes two sections of land to the
town line ; and we have prospectively a fund
of $15,000,000. We guarded our educational
fund by wjse legislation; and no part of our
school lands has been sold at less than five
dollars an acre, and none can be. We do not
want it. But suppose we were to put into the
bill a provision giving the proceeds of these
public lands to a mere section of the country,
then it would be argued that these lands be-
long to the people, to all of the people, and
the proceeds must be divided according to
population.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.' Let me. ask the
gentleman a question. The bill says the pro-
ceeds of the public lands are to be consecrated
forever to the purposes of education. Does
that mean that the public lands hereafter are
all to be sold, and the proceeds kept for that
purpose?
Mr. DUNNELL.. I do not understand that
the bill interferes at all with the policy of the
past, or with the policy of the future with
- regard to the public lands. If I believed
that by voting ior this bill 1 should indirectly
at any time lessen the liberality of our legisla-
tion in regard to the actual settlers or the
soldier, to whom I trust that Congress will
grant a bounty, I would not, vote for it. Nor
would I vote for it if thereby Congress would
bo less ready to vote lands for needed internal
development.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You say here that
the proceeds of the public lauds shall be forever
consecrated to this purpose. What does that
mei n if it does not mean that all the public
lands are to be sold?
Mr. DUNNELL. The proceeds of sale,
entry, mid location.
Mr. l('ARNSWORTII. This says "the pro-
ceeds of tho public lands,'' That means all of
the public lands.
Mr. DUNNELL. The proceeds lis now
reported to us from year to year by the General
Land Office.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. If the public lands
are not sold, how do you get any proceeds?
This says "the public lands," and that of
course means all of tho public lands.
_Mr. DUNNELL. The proceeds of so many
of the public lands as may be sold are to be
consecrated lo the purpose of education.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to make owe or two
other points before 1 close. 1 support this
bill from the hope that it will furnish some
good ptmiulus to the organization of public-
school systems in those States where that, sys-
tem is most needed. The sum is said to be
small. It may prove enough to bring about
tho needed organization. But £500 were given
by Ilarvaid, and out. of it has sprung Harvard
college. But a small sum may do the work.
One, or two, or live, or ten, or twenty, or forty
educational people iu those .States may gather
about this sum, and persevere in the work of
organization, and it will widen and spread, I
hope, until we tiud in those States well devel-
oped public-school systems. With this hope
I support this bill, as voting nationally and
not locally. We want universal education m
this Republic. We want educated masses.
Ignorance is fearful. Itisto be dreaded every-
where Let light go forth Leo education
every where triumph ; free education, universal
education. In this we trust, and in that is our
only hope.
.J n0.)v>ield to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Butler.]
1 he SPEAKER. For how many minutes
does the gentleman yield to the gentleman
ii'om lennessee?
m1"' For fifteen minutes.
Mr. BU ILLL, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
X regret very much that the discussion oil this
proposition has assumed the shape it has. I
believe no proposition has ever been offered
to this House which seemed to meet with such
blind opposition. It seems to be opposed by
slandering the bill and by misrepresenting
every fact.
Now, sir, my colleague on the Committee on
Education and Labor, the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Parker,] made a state-
ment on this floor which, inasmuch as he be
longs to the committee, demands some notice.
He said the bill permits Congress to take pos-
session of the State governments. Certainly
he could not have intended to make that state-
ment. It seems to me that, being a lawyer,
his education would have been of that charac-
ter which would have induced him to have in-
vestigated this matter before going before this
House and telling his fellow-members that it
was a proposition to grant the proceeds of the
public lands for the purpose of taking posses-
sion of the State governments. But it is in
keeping with almost every statement which
has been made against this proposition.
It is not necessary for me to consume the
time of the House in discussing that the past
policy of this country has been in favor of edu-
cation. In the North we see the results of
education, while statistics on the other hand
fearfully demonstrate the condition of the peo
pie in other sections of the country arising
from lack of education. ' No one regrets it
more than I do. Belonging to the southern
country, born and raised there, spending my
life there, aud expecting to live and to die in
that section of the country, it is with shame
that I confess the illiteracy of my own State
and of the adjoining States. It makes no
difference how long and how well gentlemen
may talk about the Democracy being in favor
of education. Figures will not lie. The in-
telligence of this country understands these
questions. Take the figures as they apply to
the various divisions of the country. Take
the northern division ; how many illiterate are
there in the northern States'/ There are
70,534. Now take the southern slope, take the
southern States, that have always been con-
trolled by the Democratic party—and I fear,
Mr. Speaker, that the same spirit, the same
controlling influences that have always con-
trolled the southern or Democratic States
will continue to do so—in those States there
are to-day 2,489,591 illiterate persons; and
it is those States that have always been con-
trolled by the Democratic party, since this has
been a Government,
Compare these figures with those shown by
the States which have been controlled by the
Republican party. Gentlemen may talk here
to doomsday, and they will never convince
anybody that the Democratic party has been
in favor of education in this country. Neither
is it necessary for me to answer my colleague
on the committee from Georgia, [Mr. McIn-
tyke,] when he states what Georgia has done
for education. That gentleman's State is a
great State; it is the empire State of the South.
Tho gentleman told us that his State govern-
ment had passed from carpet-bag rule, that it
was in the hands of the natives, and in the
hands of patriots. It is not worth while for
me to consume time here by talking about the
patriotism of Georgia. The archives will show
the number of regiments which that State—
the empire State of the South—furnished to
destroy this Government, not to build it up.
But going to that gentleman's State, the State
of Georgia, we find that there are there 275,000
illiterate persons—not negroes, but 275,000
whites who are illiterate. And now, when it is
shown that the southern States have 2,489,000
white illiterate people, and when there is a
proposition to assist us, to give us a little pub-
lic aid toward providing educational facili-
ties, I find that some of my own colleagues from
Tennessee are opposed to it. I find that my
colleague frem middle Tennessee [Mr. Bright]
is opposed to this proposition. Let us go to ,
our own State, to our own beloved Tennes-
see, and what do the figures show 1 There
are 225,000 white people in our own State
who are illiterate. And a proposition, sir,
that will give to Tennessee '
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Yes, sir; if
for a question only.
Mr. NIBLACK. As the gentleman is speak-
ing about Tennessee, I should like him to fur-
nish some information in regard to the precise
condition of the school fund in that State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I will tell
the gentleman how that is. Your party stole
$3,000,000, and our party stole $300,000 of it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARRETT. I wish to ask the gentle
man one question. Did the school fund ever
amount to $3,300,000?
. Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. That was
while you were a member of the Legislature,
and just before they expelled you from it.
Mr. GARRETT. 1 desire to say to the
gentleman 
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I cannot be
further interrupted.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will my colleague permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say-
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. One at a time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Burch-
ard in the chair.) To which of his colleagues
does the gentleman yield?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. To my col-
league nearest the Chair, [Mr. Bright.]
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if there were not $618,250 deposited in
the national banks at Memphis, which amount
was lost to the school fund, and whether it is
not the fact that only about two hundred and
seventy thousand dollars of that fund have
been recovered? That is my first question.
Permit, mo also to ask another question. Did
not the Democratic Legislature of 1870assumo
the responsibility of every dollar of the public
school fund which was lost by the action of
either party ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. When the
war began we had $3,500,000 which the Gen-
eral Government had deposited with our State
for school purposes. The interest arising from
that and some other sources gave us $118,000
annually. When the war came on, Governor
Harris and his friends ran off with it. They
took it down South. The General Govern-
ment captured it and brought it back. When
it came back it was six hundred thousand
dollars or thereabouts, in round numbers.
The $3,000,000 have been used up by the
Democratic concern, and the balance went
into the hands of a bank at Memphis. Our
party then held possession of the State, and
about half of that or a little more was lost by
the Republican party. I have always said that
the Democratic party stole about three million
dollars and the Republican party about three
hundred thousand dollars. [Laughter ]
, Mr. GARRETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Burch-
ard in the chair.) The gentleman will state
his privileged question.
Mr. GARRETT. My colleague from Ten-
nessee charges me personally with having been
expelled from the Tennessee Legislature.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I did not
mean anything wrong.
Mr. GARRETT. That charge is false and
the gentleman knows it is false, becausc he
was a member of the senate at the same time
that I was a member of the Legislature—of the
house.
Mr. HOAR. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. GARRETT. I would ask the gentleman
if he was not a member of the Legislature that
voted to send that money down into Georgia?
