1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
Laws of ihe United States.
42d Cons...2d Sess.
of the Treasury, on the payment into the
Treasury, by the clerk, of the money deposited
with him as aforesaid, and on being satisfied .
that any purchaser, liis heirs or assigns, with-
out his or their collusion, has been evicted
from or turned out of possession of any such
land by the judgment of any United States
court, in the manner before mentioned, is
hereby authorized, oat of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to repay
to the person or persons entitled thereto a sum
of money equal to that originally paid by the
purchaser of the land so recovered, if the same
has been paid into the Treasury, or to any
person legally authorized to receive the same
for the United States. "
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXVIII.—An Act to amend an
Act relating to Soldiers' and Sailors' Home-
steads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled '' An
act to enable honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors, their widows and orphan children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States," approved April fourth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, be, and the
same is hereby, amended so as to read as fol-
lows : That every private soldier and officer
who has served in the Army of the United
States during the recent rebellion for ninety
days, or more, and who was honorably dis-
chaiged, and Lias remained loyal to the Gov-
ernment, including the troops mustered into
the service of the United States by virtue of
the third section of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for completing the
defences of Washington, and for other pur-
poses," approved February thirteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty two, and every sea-
man, marine, and officer who has served in
the Navy of the United States, or in^ the
Marine corps, during the rebellion, for ninety
days, and who was honorably discharged, and
has leuiained loyal to the Government, shall,
on compliance with the provisions ot an act
entitled "An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers oil the public domain." and the
acts amendatory thereof, as hereinafter modi-
fied, be entitled to enter upon and receive
patents for a quantity of public lands (not
mineral) not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, or one quarter section, to be taken in
compact form, according to legal subdivisions,
including the alternate reserved sections of
public iatids along the line of any railroad or
other public woik, not otherwise reserved or
appropriated, and other lands subject to entry
under the homestead laws of the United
States : Provided, That said homestead settler
shall be allowed six months after locating his
homestead, and filing his declaratory state-
ment, within which to make his entry aud
commence his settlement and improvement:
Andprorided also, That the time which the
homestead settled [settler] shall have served
in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps a.ore-
said shall be deducted from the time hereto-
fore required to perfect title, or if discharged
oil account of wounds received, or disability
incurred in the line of duty, then the term ot
enlistment shall be deducted from the time
heretofore required to perfect title, without
reference to the length of time he may have
sewed: Prodded, however, That no patent
shall issue to any homestead settler who has
not resided upon, improved, and cultnateu
his said homestead for a period of at least one
year alter he shall commence his improve-
ments as aforesaid. ,
Sec. 12. That any person entitled, under the
provisions ol' the futegouig section, to enter
a homestead who may have heretofore en-
42d C'ixt;. 2i> Sk,<s.—- No. al-
tered, under the homestead laws, a quantity
of land less than one hundred and sixty acres,
shall be permitted to enter, under the pro-
visions of this act, so much land contiguous
to the tract embraced in the first entry as,
when added to the quantity previously entered,
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres.
Sec. 3. That in case of the death of any
person who would be entitled to a homestead
under the provisions of the first section of
this act, his widow, if unmarried, or in ease
of her death or marriage, then his minor
orphan children, by a guardian duly appointed
and officially accredited at the Department of
the Interior, shall be entitled to all the bene-
fits enumerated in this act, subject to all the
provisions as to settlement and improvements
therein contained: Provided, That if such
person died during his term of enlistment, the
whole term of his enlistment shall be deducted
from the time heretofore required to perfect
the title.
Sec. I. That where a party, at the date of
his entry of a tract of land under the home-
stead laws, or subsequently thereto, was ac-
tually enlisted and employed in the Army or
Navy of the United States, his services there-
in shall, in the administration of said home-
stead laws, be construed to be equivalent, to
all intents and purposes, to a residence for the
same length of "time upon the tract so entered:
Provided, That if his entry has been can-
celled by reason of his absence from said tract
while in the military or naval service of the
United States, and such tract has not been
disposed of, his entry shall be restored : Arid
provided further, That if such tract has been
disposed of, said party may enter another tract
subject to entry under, said laws; aud his
right to a patent therefor may be determined
by the proofs touching his residence and
cultivation of the first tract and his absence
therefrom in such service.
Sec. 5. That any soldier, sailor, marine
officer, or other person coming within the
provisions of this act may, as well by an agent
as in person, enter upon said homestead by
filing a declaratory statement a3 in pre-emp-
tion cases: Provided, That said claimant in
person shall within the time prescribed make
his actual entry, commence settlements and
improvements on the same, and thereafter
fulfil all the requirements of this act.
Sec. 6. That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office shall have authority to make
all needful rules and regulations to carry into
effect the provisions of this act.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
diction granted to the several circuit courts of
the United States, or any justice thereof, by
section two of an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States," approved March sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, may
be exercised in any districtin which the powers
or jurisdiction of a circuit court have been or
may be conferred on the district court for sucbt
district, as if no such powers or jurisdiction
had been conferred on such district court; it
being the true intent and meaning of said act
that the system of bankruptcy thereby estab-
lished shall be uniform throughout the United
States.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXLI.—An Act concerning the Cir-
cuit and District Courts of theUnited States
for the District of Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
i resentatives of the United States of America in
j Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the Slay term of the circuit
court, and the October term of the district
court, of the United States for the district of
Kansas, shall be commenced and held at the
city of Leavenworth, Kansas.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXXiX.—An Act to amend an
Act entitled "An Act to establish a Uni-
form System of Bankruptcy throughout the
United States."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first proviso in
section fourteen of an act approved Marcil
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
entitled "Au act to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," be amended by striking out the words
"eighteen hundred and sixty-lour,' and in-
serting in lieu thereof " eighteen hundred and
seventy-one.''
Appkoved, June 8,1872.
Chap. CCCXLII.— An Act increasing the
rates of Pension to certain persons therein
described.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled *' An
act supplementary to the several acts relating
to pensions," approved June sixth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, be so amended that
from and after the passage of this act all per-
sons entitled by law to a less pension than
hereinafter specified, who, while in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States and
in line of duty, shall have lost the sight of
both eyes, or shall have lost both hands, or
shall have lost both feet, or been permanently
and totally disabled in ihe same, or otherwise
so permanently and totally disabled as to render
them utterly helpless, or so nearly so as to
require the constant personal aid and attend-
ance of another person, shall be entitled to a
pension of thirty or.e dollars and twenty-five
cents per month ; and all persons who under
like circumstances shall have lost one hand
and one foot, or been totally and permanently
disabled in the same, or otherwise so disabled
as to be incapacitated for performing any
manual labor, but not so much as to require
constant personal aid aud attendance, shall be
entitled to a pensiou of twenty-four dollars
per month ; and all persons who under like
circumstances shall have lost one band, or one
foot, or been totally and permanently disabled
in the same, or otherwise so disabled as to
render their incapacity to perform manual
labor equivalent to the loss of a hand or toot,
shall be entitled to a pension of eighteen col-
lars per month, irom and after the fourth day
of June, eighteen hundred aud seventy-two.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXL.—Au Act to declare the true
intent and meaning of section two of an
Act entitled "An Act to establish a Uni-
form System of Bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj America ai
Congress assembled, That the powers atm juus
Chap. CCCXLIII.—An Act to create an addi-
tional Land District in Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amer ica m
Congress assembled, That that portion of Flor-
ida lying east of the line between ranges xour-
teen and iilteen east shall constitute an adui-
tional land district, and shall be known as the
East Florida district, the office for which shall
be located at Jaynesville.
Sec. 2. Thai there shall be appointed a
re"i ter and a receiver tor said land district,
and who shail be entitled to the SEtme compen
