1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4437
proceed with any explanatory remarks. After
the settlement of that question the Chair will
recognize the gentleman from Ohio in prefer-
ence to any other gentleman, that he may ex-
plain the conference report.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Explanation of the re-
port would certainly not be a part of making
the report.
The SPEAKER. But still if the gentleman
from Ohio is recognized as entitled to the
floor 
Mr. ELDREDGE. The report is in writing,
and comes into the House in that form.
The SPEAKER. Precisely; but if the
Chair should recognize the gentleman from
Ohio he would be on the floor to speak.
Mr. ELDREDGE. He would not be on the
floor during the pendency of the motion for a
recess.
The SPEAKER. No; the Chair has so
stated. The question of taking a recess must
be settled before the gentleman from Ohio can
proceed. But after that is settled, the Chair
must recognize some one; and suppose he
chooses to recognize the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. The report then is
made?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. ELDREDGE. But that does not in-
clude the right of the gentleman making the
report to explain it. He merely places it
before the House. And then any privileged
motion, like a motion to adjourn or a motion
to take a recess, is in order.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
Wisconsin ever found, in the ordinary pro-
ceedings of the House, that a member can be
taken off the floor by a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. The Chair has stated,
in answer to my question, if I understood him
correctly, that if a motion for a recess is
pending when a conference report is made
the gentleman having charge of it can only
bring in his report, and has no right to explain
it until the motion for a recess is decided.
Therefore, he will have made his report, which
he has a right to do, and after that he has no
more right than any other gentleman, and a
privileged motion will have precedence.
The SPEAKER. What privileged motion?
Mr. ELDREDGE. To take a recess or to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Upon what point does
the gentleman take issue ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Upon the point that
the Chair stated that he should recognize the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] after
the motion for a recess had been determined.
Now if, after that, a motion of higher privi-
lege is proposed, I think the Chair ought not
to recognize the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ETOLMAN. Is the conference report
now before the House?
The; SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
report of the conference committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to repeat the inquiry
which I addressed to the Chair. Is the report
of the conference committee now before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it be in order to
move to lay it on the table?
The SPEAKER. Although there are rul-
ings of previous Speakers the other way, the
present occupant of the chair has always
declined to entertain a motion to lay a con-
ference report on the table. If the gentleman
from Indiana had given heed to the rulings of
the present occupant of the chair, he would
be aware that such rulings had been frequently
made. At the same time the Chair is aware
that previous Speakers have ruled otherwise.
Mr.. HOLMAN. I will appeal from the
decision of the Chair at the proper time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, however, will
state that if it is the object of the minority of
the House merely to have dilatory motions, no
decision of the Chair in the slightest degree
curtails that power.
Mr. MORGAN. Wo have rights as a minor-
ity, and those rights we will insist upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will probably
be found as ardent as the gentleman from Ohio
in insisting upon the maintenance of those-
rights himself.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Am I to understand that
the Chair will not entertain a motion to lay
this conference report on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has always
declined to entertain that motion. The Chair
has ruled that the only question on the confer-
ence report was, will the House agree to it,
or will they not agree to it ?
Mr. RANDALL. I trust we will have an
opportunity to appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER. Whenever the motion is
made, and the Chair repeats his former ruling,
he will be very glad to have an appeal taken
from his decision, because it will then go into
the rules. But thus far neither the gentleman
from Pennsylvania nor any other gentleman
has made that appeal. The Chair has been
anxious to have an appeal made from that
decision, because if the decision is sustained,
it will reverse what has been tbe ruling of
previous Speakers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the bill
itself is before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will make the motion
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to state
that the first print of the bill, as it came from
the Senate, contained some errors. It has been
reprinted correctly, and the corrected copies
are now on the table of the Doorkeeper ready
for distribution. Members can there possess
themselves of the correct print of the bill as
it came from the Senate. They will also find
copies of the substitute for the tenth amend-
ment, about which there has been so much
interest, and which has been printed sepa-
rately. I suggest this distribution be made
before the vote is taken.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is that the amendment
to which the gentleman refers, the one in ref-
erence to which he assured us the Senate would
recede, and we would not have any trouble
this morning?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I made no such
assurance to any gentleman.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2208) making appropria-
tions for the'repair and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes.
CIVIL SUNDRY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the report of the committee of conference on
the civil sundry appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
hill (H. K. No. 2705) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 15, 16, 20, 21, 28, 35i, 40, 43, 44, 45, 46, 48,
50, 52, 60, 77, and 80.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 4,
51. 6, 7, 8, 9,11,12,13,14, lot, 17, 18, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26,27,
29, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36. 38, 39, 41, 42, 47, 49, 51, 54, 55, 56,
57, 59, 62, 63, 65,66, 67, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73. 74, 75, 76, 78,
79, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, and 93;
and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out
the proviso attached to the third clause of said
amendment; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said amendment, after the word
*' to," in line two, and substitute in lieu thereof the
following words, "so as to further provide as
follows;
" 'That whenever, in any county or parish, in any
congressional district, there shall be ten citizens
thereof of good standing who, prior to any registra-
tion of voters for an election for Representative in
Congress, or prior to any election at wiiich a Repre-
sentative in Congress is to be voted for, shall make
known in writing, to the judge of the circuit court
of the United States for the district wherein such
county or parish is situate, their desire to have said
registration or election both guarded and scrutin-
ized, it shall be the duty of the said judge of the cir-
cuit court, within not less than ten days prior to
said registration or election, as the ease may be, ,to
open the said court at the most convenient point in
said district; and the said oourt, when so opened by
said judge, shall proceed to appoint and commission,
from day to day, and from time to time, and under
the hand of the said judge, and under the seal of
said court, for such election district or voting pre-
cinct in said congressional district, as shall, in the
manner herein prescribed, have been applied for,
and to revoke, change, or renew said appointment
from time to time, two citizens, residents of said
election district or voting precinct in said county
or parish, who shall be of dilferent political parties,
and able to read and write the English language,
and who shall be known and designated as super-
visors of election; and the said court, when opened
by the said judge as required herein, shall, there-
from and thereafter, and up to and including the
day following theday of the election, be always open
for the transaction of business under this act; and
the powers and jurisdiction hereby granted andcon-
ferred shall be exercised, as well in vacation as in
term time; and a judge, sitting at chambers, shall
have the same powers and jurisdiction, including
the power of keeping order and of punishing any
contempt of his authority, as when sitting in the
court: Provided, That no compensation shall be
allowed to the supervisors herein authorized to be
appointed, except those appointed in cities or towns
of twenty thousand or more inhabitants. And no
person shall be appointed under this act as super-
visor of election who is not at the time of his ap-
pointment a qualified voter of the county, parish,
election district, or voting precinct for which he is
appointed. And no person shall be appointed
deputy marshal under this act or the act of which
this is amendatory, who is not a qualified voter, at
the time of his appointment, in the county, parish,
district, or precinct in which be resides. And sec-
tion thirteen of the act of which this is an amend-
ment shall be construed to authorize and require
the circuit courts of the United States in said sec-
tion mentioned to name and appoint, as soon as may
he after the passage of this act, the commissioners
provided for m said section, in all cases in which
such appointments have not already heon made in
conformity therewith. And the third section of the
act to which this is an amendment shall be taken
and construed to authorize each of tbe judges of the
circuit courts of the United States to designate one or
more ofthejudgesofthe district courts within his cir-
cuity discharge the duties arising under this act or
the act to which this is an amendment. And th e words
" any person " in section four of the act of May 31,
1870,shall beheld to includeany officeror other person
having powers or duties of an official character under
this act or the act to which this is an amendment:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be so
construed as to authorize the_ appointment of any
marshals or deputy marshals in addition to those
heretofore authorized by law. And so much of said
sum herein appropriated as may be necessary for said
supplemental and amendatory provisions is hereby
appropriated from and after the passage of this act.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the nineteenth amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with the following amendments :
in lieu of the words inserted by said amendment sub-
stitute the following words: "to enable the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay only the reasonable and
proper expense heretofore incurred for paving road-
way and curbing and paving sidewalks in front of
the property of the United States in the District oi
Columbia, $192,620 or so much thereof as may be
necessary; and all railroads are hereby prohibited
on the I street and K street fronts of Farragut,
Scotland Franklin squares; and no further street
railroads shall be laid down in the city of Washmg-
ton without the consent of Congress;" and on page
7, after the word " paragraphs," in line one, add the
following words; ''and the said appropriations
shall not be construed to create or imply any obliga-
tion on the part of the United States in any respect
whatever in future;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in lieu
of the words stricken out by said amendment sub-
stitute the following: "to enable the Secretary ox
the Treasury to pay, under existing laws, contrac-
tors for carrying the mails for services rendered prior
to July 1,1869, $13,416." .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-first amendment of the Senate, ana agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: insert in
lieu of the words stricken out by
the following words: "operated by hollow spheres
or otherwiseand the Senate agree to the same.
