1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
2645
per annum; and in San Francisco, California, he
may pay such additional salaries to carriers as will
secuie the services of competent persons.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 93. That the free-delivery system shall be es-
tablished in all cities having a population of not less
than twenty thousand; and that the salaries of
letter-carriers now or hereafter to be employed in
cities having a population of not less than ono hun-
dred thousand, shall be $800 the first year of their
service, and $900 per annum thereafter; and in cities
having a less population than one hundred thou-
sand and not less than fifty thousand, $700 the first
year of their service, and |800 per annum thereafter;
and in all other citie?, $600 the first year of their
service, and $700 per annum thereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend in the
second line of the new section, by striking oat
'•twenty" and inserting fifty;" so that it
will read;
That the free-delivery system shall he established
in all cities having a population of not less than fitty
thousand.
That will leave it where it is bow. The
expense of this free-delivery business is so
prodigious, and the income trom it so small,
that i do not think Congress at present ought
to extend it to cities with a less population
than the law now provides for. Therefore I
move to make the section conform to what the
law is at present, to wit, fifty thousand, as the
class of cities in which free delivery is to be
had.
Then I do not object to the arrangement of
salaries in this section until you get down to
the tenth line, where it provides for a all
other cities;" that is, those with less than fifty
thousand inhabitants, where the letter carriers
are to receive but $000 a year.
In connection with this subject I will say
on this question of salaries, it may happen it
you were to extend this system to cities of less
than fifty thousand inhabitants, that the salary
of the letter-carrier there ought to be just as
great as in a c*ty of one hundred thousand,
because he might be obliged ''to go farther
and fare worse," to use a homely expression,
by traveling over a great .extent ot territory
instead of a small extent. Take the city of
- New York. A letter-carrier having haif a
■ward, if you please, or a dozen squares,
although those dozen squares may contain ten
or twenty thousand inhabitants, can do his
work with one half the labor in that condensed
and highly populous territory that the letter-
carrier in this town could deliver to the same
number of people; because if they are spread
over a wide extent of territory he is obliged
to go everywhere to find them, and to earn
(if service implies compensation) a great
deal more than the carrier where the popula
tion is consolidated into a very small compass,
Mr CAS8ERLY. Besides thav, 1 suggest
to the Senator that in latge cities there are
horse-cars and accommodations for traveling
back and forth, which relieve the carrier
great deal, and it strikes me the old section
was bet'er as it was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. X think so too. But ray
first point is to try the question of the exten
si on of the letter-carrier system to the smaller
cities, where it will cost just as much as it does
in lartye ones almost, and ought to cost, more,
• perhaps, if you pay the letter-carrier for what,
f he does, and increase the expense ot 'h 
f Government enormously.
Mr. COLE. Let me suggest to my triei.fi,
, the honorable Senator irom Vermont, tins
difficulty, which perhaps has not occurred to
him: the limit of the letter-carrier system
as established at first was, I believe, twenty
thousand, and afterward it was extended to
fifty thousand. While it was twenty thousand
the system was established in a good many
cities that have a population of much less than
fifty thousand, and many cities now are with-
out that system altogether ; for example, in
the South, cities that were not afforded that
accommodation while the limit was twenty
thousand. There is the embarrassment and
apparent injustice of now keeping it at fifty
thousand. I was going to suggest this amend-
ment: that the free-delivery system may be
established iu cities having a population, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do any
Mr. SPENCER. I think the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont ought not to be
adopted. If the free-delivery system is good
for a city of fifty thousand, it is good for a city
of twenty thousand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So it is; and if it is good
for a city of twenty thousand, it is good for a
city of five thousand.
' Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to say to the
Senator that I have been in consultation with
the First Assistant Postmaster Geneial as t,o
this particular provision of free delivery, and
he says that the system may be extended to all
cities of the United States having over twenty
thousand population at the last census without
adding largely to the expense of it by this re-
duction and regulation of the compensation
of letter carriers. There is a very strong de-
sire in both Houses of Congress that this
should be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think there is
any such desire.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
not divide the Senate now on this question.
Let it go over until we come into the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggestthat this amend-
ment lie over until we come to the question
of concurrence in the Senate, and then we can
consider it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This amendment is not
going to be adopted in committee with my
consent, standing as it does now.
Mr, POMEROY. We will leave it open.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish lo ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Uoads what the present cost of the system
of free delivery in cities of fifty thousand is?
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, sir. it is something
rising a million dollars, and the returns from
it, are increasing steadily every year. They
were between six and seven hundred thousand
dollars last year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does the honor-
able Senator mean by •'returns lrom tree
delivery?''
Mr. RAMSEY. I will tell ihe honorable
Senator what I mean by '-returns from free
delivery." in the accounts kept at the Post
Office Department under the free-delivery sys-
tem all the postages which are derived from
the drop-letters are credited to the free-delivery
system, andthat amounts to rising six or seven
hundred thousand dollars, and the appropria-
tion for free delivery amounts to about, elevcu
hundred thousand dollars. I have not the
figures before rae now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can very readily un-
derstand if the Postmaster General chooses to
credit to the free delivery all the drop-letters,
and then charge the expense, he may probably
in some of the large cities make a great, profit
out of the free delivery in that way ; and it he
were to credit the free delivery wiili the re-
ceipts of the foreign mails he could make a
still larger profit; but. it is an entire delusion—
I will not say a dishonest delusion, because 1
know it, is not intended to be dishonest, but a
most painful delusion—to undertake to de-
clare that you are to measure the real expense
of free delivery by giving credit to that side
of the account for everything that the letter-
carrier may pick up, and giving credit to hnu
for all the drop-letters, wherever they may
happen to be dropped, into the General Post
Office as well as into post office boxes. You
might just as well say that the whole of the
letters deposited in the post office boxes put
around the city are to be credited to him.
although the postage may be paid. That will
not do, because all those letters, or a very
large proportion of them, would go to the post
office if you did not have the fie© delivery j
and there is where the fallacy comes in.
It is perfectly apparent then, Mr. President",
that you have no test at all as to how much ■
the real expeuse of this free delivery is to be
mitigated on account of the/ supposed increase
of business from the effect of it. You may say,
as a matter of fancy, and perhaps as a matter
of fact, that on account of sending men around
to all parts of the city, and having boxes for
letters to be put in, people are induced to
write more letters than they would otherwise
write. Perhaps that to the extent of one letter
in five hundred or a thousand is true j but as
applied to the great body of the correspond-
ence of the country, 1 believe every person's
experience will allow and will prove that it is
not true. So that you have a million of money
that you are paying out now from the revenues
of the Post Office Department in order to carry
to the doors of the people and to bring away
from the doors of the people in large cities
their mails for which they pay no more than
the gr> at body of the people in the whole
country in the smaller cities, and the great
majority of the people even m the great cities
pay ; so that the people throughout, the coun-
try who nay iheir three cents on a letter really
are taxed in order to give people who live in
the large towns, and who do not choose to go
to the post office, and have these boxes and
letter-carriers, the chalice of getting their let-
ters without going to the post, office lor them.
That is not right or proper. I do not believe
in the principle o( the thing at all unless you
make it general, and you cannot make it gen-
eral without, breaking il, down.
The deficiency in the Post Office Depart- .
rnent, is increasing. We are growing worse and
worse in respect to the amount of money that
has to be taken out of general taxation to
carry on the Post Office Department. That
appears from the report of the Postmaster
General made at the commencement of this
session of Congress. As a former Commis-
sioner of Agriculture said, the thing has ex-
ceeded his most sanguine expectations in the
capacity of spending money and not getting
it. I do not speak of this to complain of the
Postmaster General; 1 think he is a vigorous
officer; but the necessity of extending the
malls everywhere, wherever anybody insists
on ha\iug one cuiiied, and the rapacity and
extortion ot corporations, steamboats, and
others who carry the mails, are such that
although the business of the Post Office in-
creases, it increases at the expense of making
a larger deficiency, being less able to sustain
itself at the end of the last, year than it was at
the end of the year before. II we keep on in
that direction and in that way we shall come
to the time when it will be necessary to re-
trench somewhere.
Now, then, if you reduce this limitation
from fifty to twenty thousand inhabitants;
looking over the cities of this country, you
will double the expense of your fiec delivery ;
and, therefore, instead of there being a defi-
ciency of $5,000,000, _ as in the last year, in
round numbers—1 believe it, was a little over
that—you will have a deficiency o! Six or seven
millions this year. That is a performance that
1 am not disposed to agree to. 'Ihe condition
of the country is not such as to warrant that
sort of expenditure and that sort of liberality,
if you call it such, at this time ; so ihat, I must
be excused if I ins,st oil this amendment as I
have propose# it now.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator propose
to divide the Senate? , .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose to insist on
that amendment.
Mr RAMSEY. Then we may as well quit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can agree to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why can you not reserve
it until we come into the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the honorable Senator
if anxious about going on, why can he not
agree to the amendment now and then disagree
to it in the Senate? I do not know any par-
