3542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
$13,440 73, which sum shall be in full of all
claims against, the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
OSAGE INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. HARLAN. I move now to take up
House bill No. 2334.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2334) to confirm
to the Great and Little Osage Indians a res-
ervation in the Indian territory.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Indian Affairs with an amendment, to add
as an additional proviso to the bill the fol-
lowing :
And provided further, That said Great and Little
Osage tribe of Indians shall permit the settlement
wiihin the limits ol said tract of land of the Kansas
tribo of Indians, the lands so settled and occupied
by said Kansas Indians, not exceeding one Hundred
and sixty acres to each member of said tribe, to be
paid for by said Kansas tribe of Indians out of the
proceeds of the sales of their lands in Kansas, at a
price not exceeding that paid by the Great and Lit-
tle Osage Indians to the Cherokee nation of Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a clerical error
or two to be corrected. The word "of," in
line thirteen, where it last appears, should be
stricken out and a comma inserted, and in
line twenty the preposition "to" should be
stricken out and the preposition " for" inserted
where it occurs the first time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those
changes will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
ELBRIDGE GERRY.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. C36.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 636) for the relief of Elbridge Gerry was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Elbridge
Gerry $7,650, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury belonging to or which may hereafter be-
come due to the following Indian tribes, and
in full of all his demands against them on ac-
count of loss of stock in the years 1864 and
1865, to wit, the Cheyennes, Brul6 Sioux, and
Ogallalla Sioux ; the money to be paid from
the respective funds of the tribes, as follows :
from the fund of the Cheyennes, §3,300;
from the fund of the Brul6 Sioux, $1,050 ;
and from the fund of the Ogallalla Sioux,
$3,300.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONTRACTS WITH INDIANS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 2290.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2290) regulating
the mode of making private contracts with
Indians.
The bill provides that hereafter no contract
or agreement of any kind shall be made by
any person with any tribe of Indians, or indi-
vidual Indian or Indians, not a citizen of the
United States, for the payment or delivery of
any money, or other thing of value, in present
or in prospective, or for the granting or pro-
curing any privilege to him or her, or any
other person or persons, in consideration of
services for the Indians relative to their lands,
or to any claims growing out of, or in refer-
ence to annuities, installments, or other mon-
eys, claims, demands, or thing, under laws or
treaties with the United States, or official acts
of any officers thereof, or in any way con-
nected with or due from the United States,
unless such contract or agreement be in writing,
and executed and approved in the manner
hereinafter directed.
All contracts or agreements between such
parties and for such purposes are to be in
writing, a duplicate or copy of which is to be
delivered to each party thereto, as hereinafter
provided. All such contracts are to be exe-
cuted before a judge of a court of record and
approved in writing thereon by the Secretary
of the Interior and Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. Such contract or agreement, is to
contain the names of all parties in interest,
their residence, and occupation ; but. those
made with a tribe by their tribal authorities,
the scope of authority and the reason for ex
ercising that authority, are to be given spe-
cifically. Such contracts or agreements are to
state the time when and place where made,
the particular purpose for which made, the
special thing or things to be done under, and,
if for the collection of money, the basis of the
claim, the source from which it is to be col-
lected, the disposition to be made of it when
collected, the amount or rate per cent, of the
fee in all cases; and if any contingent matter
or condition constitutes a part of the contract
or agreement it is to be specifically set forth;
but all such contracts are to have a fixed
limited time to run, and are to be invalid un-
less so limited, and such contracts are not to
be assignable,"in whole or in part, unless the
names of the assignees and their residences
and occupations be entered in writing upon
the contract, and the consent of the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissionerof Indian
Affairs to such assignment be also indorsed
thereon; and the judge before whom such
contract or agreement is executed is to certify
officially the time when and place where such
contract or agreement was executed, and that
it was in his presence, and who are the inter-
ested parties thereto, as stated to him at the
time, the parties present making tlie same ;
the source and extent of authority claimed at
the time by the contracting parties to make
the contract or agreement, and whether made
in person or by agent or attorney of either
party or parties.
No money is to be paid to any agent or attor-
ney by an officer of the United States under
any such contract or agreement, other than
the fees due him for services rendered there-
under; but the moneys due the tribe, Indian
or Indians, as the case may be, are to be paid by
the United States, through its own officers or
agents, to the party or parties entitled thereto ;
but no money or thing is to be paid to any
person for services under such contract or
agreement until such person shall have first
filed with the Commissionerof Indian Affairs a
sworn statement, showing each particular act
of service under the contract, giving dale and
fact in detail, and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and Commissioner of Indian Affairs shall
determine therefrom whether, iu their judg-
ment, such contract or agreement has been
complied with orfulfilled ; if so, it may be paid,
and if not it is to be paid in proportion to
the services rendered under the contract;
but all such contracts or agreements hereafter
made in violation of the provisions of this act
are declared null and void, and all money
or other thing of value paid to any person by
any Indian or tribe, or any one else for or on
his or their behalf, on account of such services
in excess of the amount approved by the Com-
missioner and Secretary for such services, may
be recovered by suit in the name of the United
States in any court of the United States, regard-
less of the amount in controversy, one half of
which is to be paid to the person suing for the
same, and the other half to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States for the use of the
Indian or tribe by or for whom it was paid, and
the person so receiving the money, and his
aiders and abettors, are, in addition to the for-
feiture of that sum, to be subject to prosecution
for misdemeanor in any court of the United
States, and, on conviction, to be fined not
less than $1,000, and imprisoned not less than
six months; and it is to be the duty of all
district attorneys of the United States to pros-
ecute such cases when applied to do so, and
their failure and refusal is to be ground for
their removal from office; and any Indian
agent, or other person in the employment of
the United States who shall, in violation of
the provisions of this act, advise, sanction, or
in any way aid in the making of such con-
tracts or agreements, in making such pay-
ments as are here prohibited, in addition to
the punishment herein imposed on the person
making the contractor receiving the money,
is to be, on conviction, dismissed from tho
service of the United States, and be forever
disqualified from holding any office of profit
or trust under the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM G. LANGFORD.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I report from
the Committee on Indian Affairs the bill (S.
No. 744) for the relief of William G. Lang-
ford, with an amendment in the nature of
a substitute, and I ask that it be considered
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs was to strike out the preamble and all
of (he bill, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Whereas William Gr. Langford, as the grantee of
the Commissioners of the American Board of For-
eign Missions, claims to have title to six hundred
and forty acres of land, and the improvements
thereon, situate at tho junction of Lapwai creek
and Clearwater river, in the Territory of Idaho, by
virtue of an act entitled '* An act to establish the
territorial government ofOregon," approved August
14,1848, and by virtue of tho act entitled " An act
to establish the territorial government of Washing-
ton. " approvod March 2, 1853 :
lie it enacted, &c., That whenever the said William
G. Langford shall exhibit to the Attorney General
of the United States title to the said tract of land,
and shatl execute a sufficient deed conveying the
said tract of land to tho United States, then it shall
bo thoduty ot the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
pay to tho said William G. Langtord asum of money
equal to the consideration paid or rendered by the
said Langford to the said board for said land, with
interest thereon at the rate of six per cent, per an-
num from the time t.ho said consideration was paid
or rendered up to the date of the passage of thn
act: Provided, nevertheless, That the said considera-
tion on which said interest shall be calculated shall
not exceed tho sum of $1,500: which sum shall be in
full payment for the said tract of land and the rents,
issues, and profits thereof during the time the same
was occupied by the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This seems to be the
purchase of a tract of land by the Govern-
ment. I thought we had lands for sale, but
it seems we are going into the purchase of
lands in this Indian territory.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is very proper
that the bill should be explained. There
was an act passed in 1848 giving the right
to all missionary stations to have six hun-
dred and forty acres of land. The language
of that act is that "the title of land not
exceeding six hundred and forty acres, now
occupied as missionary stations among the
Indians," shall go to the missionary socie-
ties. This station was established in 1836
or 1837, and was abandoned in 1847, so that
that act did not apply to it. But in 1853 an
act was passed with this singular provision,
that " the title to the land not exceeding six
hundred and forty acres now occupied as
missionary stations among the Indian tribes
in said territory, or that may have been so
occupied as missionary stations prior to the
passage of this act"—wherever there had
been a missionary station prior to 1853 they
were to have six hundred and forty acres.
