4438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment: in
lieu of the words stricken out, substitute the follow-
ing : "and the balances of appropriations for the cur-
rent fiscal year for the construction of public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Department,
which may remain unexpended at the close of the
current fisoal year, are hereby reappropriated for the
fiscal year ending June SO, 1873;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
two of said amendment, after the word "lands," in-
sert the words "in theand the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to .the same with the follewing amendment: at the
end of said amendment add the following words :
"Provided, That whenever Congress shall so determ-
ine, any part of said estate may be sold, and so much
of the proceeds thereof as shall be needful for the
purpose shall be applied to reimburse the United
States for the expenditure herein provided ;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out of said amendment lines one, two, three, four,
and line five to and including the word " dollars;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-fourth amendment oft.be Senate, andagree
tothesame with the followiug amendment: strike
out the word "five," in lmefiveot' said amendment,
and insert in lieu the word "fifteen;" and the
ijenato agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-eighth amendmentof theSenate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words stricken out by said amendment insert
the following words: " Provided, That no money ap-
propriated by this act shall be paid as commissions
upon any labor or materials furnished the United
States;" and the Senate agree to the same.
JAS. A. GARFIELD,
FRANK W. PALMER,
Managers on the part of the Home.
CORNELIUS COLE,
GEO. ¥. EDMUNDS,
Manaoeru on the part of the Seriate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIONKD.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found duly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1671) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications, and other
works of defense;
An act (H. R. No. 2:208) making appropria-
tions for the repair,- preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
bar bora, and for other purposes ;
Au act (H. R. No. 2083) making appropri-
ations for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners ofclaims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871 ;
Au act (H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of
the sureties ot' S. F. Marks, former post-
master at New Orleans;
An act (H. R. No. 2800) to authorize
the 1'resideiit of ihe United States to appoint
one or more commissioners to represent the
Government, of the United States at the in-
ternational exposition of agriculture, indus-
try, and fine arts, to be held at Vienna in
1873;
An act (H. R. No. 2973) to refund duties
paid on goods, wares, and merchandise re-
maining in bond or store on the 1st day of
August 1872; and
An act (H. R. No. 2975) to amend the fifth
section of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 80, 187S, and for other
purposes."
CIVIL SUNDRY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Ihe bPEAKER. The regular order ofbusi-
ness is the motion to take a recess until nine
o'clock.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend by inserting
"ten."
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. And on that motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 68, nays 104, not voting
68 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Bell, Biggs,
Bird, Bright, Caldwell, Comingo, Crossland, Dox,
Du Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Griddings, Golladay, Hambleton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris,
Hereford. Hibbard, Hoiman, Kendall, Kerr. King,
Lamison, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCor-
mick, McIIenry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Merrick, Mor-
gan, Nibl.ick, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Sion H. Rogers, Shorwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Swann, Terry, Van Trump,
Wadaell, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of
New York. Winchester, and Young—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
Beveridge. Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Buckley, Bufiuton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll,
Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Critcher,
Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Donnan, Duell,
Dunnell. Elliott, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfiold, Goodrich,
Halsev, Harmer,George E.Harris, Havens, Ilawley,
Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kilhngcr, Lan-
sing, Lowis, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew,
MeJunkin, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe,
Morey, Morpbis. Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Pottor, Prindle,
ltainny, Ellis H. Roberts. Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions,
Shanks, Shellabarger, II. Boardman Smith. John
A Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Strong,
Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner. Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Walls, White-
ley. Willard, Williams of Indiana, and John X.
Wilson—104
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Beck, James G. Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Clarke, Conner, Cox, Crebs. Creel.v, Davis, Dickey,
Eames, Ely, Farwell, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale,
Herudon, Hill, Hooper. Ketch am. Kmsella. Lam-
port, Leach. Lynch, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Moore, Negley.Orr, llosea W.Parker, Eli
Perry, Poland, Porter. Robinson, John Rogers,
Roosevelt., Sargent, Scoficld,Seeley, Sheldon, Shoe-
maker, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, R. Milton
Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stow-
ell, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight Town-
send, Turner, Tuthill, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waldron, Wheeler, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
W ood—68.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAMPORT said : On this question I
am paired with Mr. Tcthill, of New York,
who, if present, would vote " ay," and I
would vote " no."
The question recurred upon the motion for
a recess.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to move to recom-
mit this report to the conference committee,
and I would ask gentlemen on the other side
of the House who have motions pending to
withdraw them in order to enable me to make
that motion, if it be in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will that motion be in
order if the pending motions are withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. RANDALL. Can we waive the pend-
ing motions?
The SPEAKER. They can be renewed
hereafter, of course.
Mr. S TEVENSON. Can these motions be
withdrawn after the yeas and nays have been
ordered on them?
The SPEAKER. They can.
Mr. HOLMAN. We will withdraw the
motions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would regret
that this occasion should go by without hav-
ing the point settled as to the parliamentary
right to lay upon the table the report of a
committee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL. We will reach that pres-
ently.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to with-
drawing the pending motions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object. The motions are withdrawn,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr,
Kelley] is recognized by the Chair.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I now move
that the report of the committee of confer-
ence be recommitted to that committee. I
make this motion under a deep sense of re-
sponsibility, and I ask gentlemen to hear me
for my cause and to be silent that they may
hear. I make it and propose to briefly sus-
tain it in behalf of a cause that is as dear to
me as my life,- to which I have devoted my
best years, and in which I have more than once
periled my life; that is, the integrity and su-
premacy of the Republican party, which I be-
lieve to be endangered by the position of this
bill. 1 am also constrained to make this mo-
tion by a proper sense of self-respect. Noth-
ing will reward a man for the loss of self re-
spect. I feel this morningthat if by the force
of a mere majority we drive this bill, embody-
ing as it does the enforcement amendment,
through Congress, we will commit an act
which, so far as I and a number of gentlemen
around me are concerned, will be regarded as
in the category of acts for which I have more
than a score of times sentenced men, thereto-
fore respected in the community in which they
lived, to solitary confinement and penal labor.
This bill reached its present stage by what,
in the light of information in my possession,
appears to be false pretenses, which are char-
acterized by all the features necessary to sus-
tain a conviction under the law of Pennsyl-
vania. On Saturday last the minotity of this
House, by virtue of parliamentary law and of
the usages of this House; not by the weakness
of the Republican party, not by the weakness
or lack ot fidelity on the part of members of
the Republican party, but, as I have said, by
virtue of parliamentary law and usages long and
well known to the House and the people of
the country, the minority party of this House
held this bill in its power. Leading members
of that body said to us, "Take from the bill
one amendment, and you may have all the
other provisions without question ; take from
it one provision, and you may complete your
appropriations and adjourn." This being the
condition of the bill, there came upon this
floor a Senator who wa3 then a member of
the committee of conference to consider and
adjust the disagreeing votes thereon, and I
vouch gentlemen around me for the fact that
from him went forth the assurance that if the
Opposition would permit this bill to go to a
committee of conference the Senate would re-
cede from the objectionable amendment. It
was also known that he who must be chairman
of the committee of conference on the part of
the House disapproved of that amendment,
and had given open and public assurance that
he disapproved it as heartily as gentlemen on
the other side couli do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man refers to me I beg him to withhold his
statement of my position, and allow me to
make it for myself.
Mr. RANDALL. You did state that pri-
vately.
Mr. KELLEY. I am assured by many gen-
tlemen that the gentleman from Ohio did
make such statements.
According to parliamentary usage there must
be two Democrats on a committee of confer-
ence, one from the House and one from the
Senate. There was, therefore, it seemed to
me, as it did to others, no possibility that the
objectionable amendment would be adhered
to. And I, and others who are as loyal to
Republicanism, loyal to radical Republican-
ism, as I am or ever have been, (and it is
among the proudest recollections of my life
that Abraham Lincoln, Thaddeus Stevens,
aud Henry Winter Davis have all at times
chidden me for my excessive Radicalism, my
undue zeal, and what they were pleased to
regard as my reckless course in support of
the cause of the oppressed and enslaved.)
