2646
'CHI OOKGfiESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
April 22,
tieular reason why I should yield to him more
than he to me, because I move the amend-
ment believing in it.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is not much in the
objection of the Senator that the expense
of this free delivery will be increased by
this amendment. It would not be increased
$50,000. Of course, as he says, the expense of
the free delivery system is very great; but we
know that in all other countries of the world
where there is a perfect postal system, they
carry the letter not only to every house in a
village or a town, but to every house through-
out the whole country. This is simply an
attempt to approximate our system to the per-
fection that obtains elsewhere. Then u'^ain,
almost all the postal revenues are derived
from the cit.ies having free delivery, or in a
very large degree. The large surplus that
pays the heavy charges of the system comes
from the cities that have free delivery.
Mr. SAWYER. For a year or more I have
been endeavoring to persuade the Postmaster
General to exercise the discretion which the
present law allows him in giving free delivery
to cities under fifty thousand inhabitants where
there were special reasons for it. [t so hap-
pens that the city in which [ live has about
forty nine thousand inhabitants. He has an-
swered to that appeal that he had no appropria-
tion for this purpose. There are large num-
bers of towns in the northern States of twenty,
twenty-five, and thirty thousand inhabitants
which have already the free-delivery system,
and yet in the South we cannot, get a free-
delivery system in a town of forty-hine thou-
sand inhabitants. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont will not prevail.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think myself
there is much justice. I never could see it, in
giving a free delivery in one town that had fifty
thousand inhabitants and refusing it. to a town
that had fort.y-nine thousand. In fact, the cit-
izens of a large town might as well, .so far as
their individual rights are concerned, be re-
quired to go to the post office to get their own
letters, as individual citizens in a small town.
The State which I have the honor in port to
represent has not any free delivery, and does
not expect to have any. Many of our people
go ten miles to get a letter in the new and un-
settled counties, and then they have a mail
but once a week, and they think themselves
very well accommodated at that.
if in those States where they have compact
communities, where they have compact vil-
lages or cities of twenty-five or thirty thou-
sand inhabitants, they desire to have a free
delivery, and if by this economy that the
Postmaster General has here recommended
of lessening the salaries of the carriers they
can get a free delivery in those cities without
increasing the expenses of the Department,
why not let them have it? The real amend-
ment that we ought to put in here is not that
that free delivery "shall be established," but
that it '' may be established." There are some
communities, some compact cities, where it
would be convenient and where it could be
established at very little expense. I think the
Senator from Vermont will be satisfied to have
it changed in that way? that the free-delivery
system may be established in all cities, be-
cause there ought to be and should be a dis-
cretion vested in the Postmaster General,
whether the number is fixed at ftrty, fifty, or
one hundred thousand.
Some cities have taken in all the surround-
ing country, have taken in adjacent towns,
adjacent factory villages up and down streams
for four or five miles, and yet they are all con-
sidered as belonging to that town, and when
it comes to the question whether you will have
a free delivery in that town or not, the ques
tion is, what is that town? It is all that has
been taken in by the corporation ; one city
after another adjacent, three, five, or ten miles
off have been added to the town, and therefore
that town embraces what in many portions of
a State would be a well-developed county.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, the people are
taken in and the Government at the same
time. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Now, Mr. President,
there ought to be a discretion vested in the
Postmaster General to inaugurate a free deliv-
ery in such a place or not. Unless there are
half a dozen post offices established in one
town, it will be a matter of great expense to
employ letter-carriers from one central point
in such a town as that to go to all the neigh-
boring localities that have been taken in and
which they call the town or the city.
I would be satisfied with this section myself
if the phraseology were changed so that the
Postmaster General shall not be required to
establish the free-delivery system everywhere,
but may establish it in those compact towns
where he can do so at little expense. I think
the Postmaster General ought to have that
discretion. I think the public service would
be convenienced by having it in cities of twenty
thousand inhabitants, and yet there may be
cases where it would be inexpedient to estab-
lish it in cities of twenty thousand inhabitants.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from
Vermont whether he had not better let this
matter pass over for the present, and let us go
on with the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think now is as good a
time to consider it as we can have.
Mr. COLE. Is anybody opposed to the
proposition to strike out "shall" and insert
" may ?"
Mr. RAMSEY. I would not leave it to the
discretion of the Postmaster General. I would
not like to be in his position with that discre-
tion imposed on me.
Mr. SAWYER. The present law allows
free delivery in the discretion of the Postmas-
ter General in cities with less than fifty thou-
sand population.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see your law.
Mr. SAWYER. I am quite certain that is
the fact. I cannot refer to the law, but I have
the authority of the Postmaster General for
saying it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the authority of the statute.
Mr. SAWYER. His objection to doing it
was the fact that no appropriation had been
made sufficient to do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He can make a defi-
ciency, as usual.
_ Mr. POMEROY. On this subject of a defi-
ciency there is no more sense in making the
Post Office Department self-sustaining than
there is in making the Navy Department or the
War Department self-sustaining. The Post
Office is a great eugine of the Government to
diffuse knowledge, intelligence, and informa-
tion among the people, and there is no obliga-
tion resting upon the Government to make it
self-sustaining. We have got now a little
postage of three cents on a letter, and I think
it might very well be reduced to two, and for
that matter it might be made free, and let
everything go for nothing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is to some people, I
believe.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it might be pro-
motive of the best interests of the American
people to pay for having the mails taken free
to every man's door. 1 believe it would pro-
mote the diffusion of knowledge, it would pro-
mote the circulation of intelligence and news-
papers to have them go free absolutely. This
is a question that will come up seriously before
the American people and before Congress ere
long; and we shall meet it, or somebody will
who may be here.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let me appeal to the Sen-
ator to let us go on. If the Senator from
Vermont insists on having a vote, of course
that will break up the Senate, and we shall
have to abandon the bill tor the evening. The
only other way to get along is to defer to the
Senator from Vermont at present, and hope
that the Senate may correct the matter when
the bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is your best way.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can see no other course
unless we abandon the bill for the evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Spen-
cer in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLE. Is there any objection to
changing the word "shall" to "may?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a most decided
objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out in the
second line of the matter proposed to be in-
serted the word "twenty" and insert "fifty;"
so that the section will read :
That the free-delivery system shall be estab-
lished in all cities having a population of not less
than fifty thousand, &e.
Mr. CASSERLY. I agree with those Sen-
ators who think that that limit is too high. I
further believe that the two sections, ninety-
three and ninety-four, within brackets, as in the
original bill, furnish the substance of a proper
section. In place of the section recommend-
ed by the committee, I would take section
ninety-three as printed in brackets, and have
it read in this way :
Tbatletter-carriers may be employed for the free
delivery of mail-matter as frequently as the public
business may require at every place containing a
population of not less than twenty thousand.
That leaves it optional by the word "may."
And then :
That the salary of letter-carriers shall bo fixed
by the Postmaster General, and shall not exceed
$800 per annum; but on satisfactory evidence of
diligence, fidelity, and experience and labor per-
formed, he may increase their salary to any sum not
exceeding $1,000 per annum ; and in San Francisco,
California, he may pay such additional salaries ta
carriers as will secure theservices of competentper-
sons.
The reason why I prefer section ninety-four
in brackets is mainly because of what I regard
as the very proper suggestion of the Senator
from Vermont, that it is injudicious to under-
take to make fixed rates of compensation for
different cities in proportion to the fixed pop-
ulation of one hundred thousand in one case,
and less than one hundred thousand and not
less than fifty thousand in another case, as we
all know the letter-carrier service may be much
less laborious in a great city like New York
than in a small city like Washington.
I rather favor the idea of permitting the
Postmaster General, at his option, to have the
free delivery of letters in places of not less
than tweuty thousand inhabitants for the rea-
son that in such a place the Postmaster Gen-
eral can determine by a little inquiry whether
the people prefer to call for their letters or
whether they desire to have them delivered
by carriers; and with two or three cities of
about twenty thousand inhabitants in my eye
at this moment, I should say it would not
require more than two letter-carriers for each
to do the service, which would not be a very
large expenditure at seven or eight hundred
dollars apiece. The increase of the expenses
of the Post Office, I think, would have nothing
formidable in it. 1 should be averse to adopting
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. RAMSEY. While this subject is up, I
may as well say there are now but fifty-four
towns that have this free delivery. There are
a few towns in New England and in the mid-
dle States of smaller population upon whom
this privilege was conferred before the law
limiting it to cities of fifty thousand passed.
There are none, I think, who have had it con-
ferred upon them by the Postmaster General
in his discretion since the passage of the law ;
but previously half a dozen towns in New Eng-
land, and Harrisburg and Lancaster, prob-
ably, in Pennsylvania, and one or two towns
