802
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
sation as is, or may hereafter be, prescribed
by law for like officers of the other district in
said State.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXMV.—An Act to provide for fill-
ing Vacancies in certain Offices in the several
Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Statesof America in
Congress assembled, That in any of the Ter-
ritories, whenever a vacancy shall happen from
resignation or death during the recess of the
Legislative Council in any office which, under
the organic act of said Territory, is to be fi.led
by appointment of (he Governor, by and with
the advice and consent ot' the Council, the
Governor shall fill up such vacancy by grant-
ing a commission, which shall (Expire at the
end of the next session of said Legislative
Council.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXLV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled •' An Act to provide for the dispo
sition of useless Military Reservations,"
approved February twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to transfer to the custody and control of the
Secretary -of the Interior, for disposition for
cash, according to the existing laws of the
United States relating to the public lands,
after appraisement, to the highest bidder, and
at not less than the appraised value, nor at less
than one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
the United States military reservation at Fort
Walla Walla, in the Tenitory of Washington :
J'ravided, That the Secretary of the Interior
shall, whet,ever in his opinion the public inter-
ests may require it, cause the foregoing reser-
vation, or part or paris thereof, to be subdi-
vided into uacts of less than forty acres each,
or into town lots, with the necessary street or
streets to make the same accessible: And
provided further, That each subdivision, to-
gether with the buildings, building materials,
or other property which may be thereon, shall
be appraised and offered separately at public
outcry, to the highest bidder, as hereinbefore
provided, but not in subdivisions of more than
iorty acres each, after which any unsold land
or lot shall be subject to sale at private entry
for the appraised value at the proper land
office.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Ciiap. CCCXLVT.—An Act for the better
security of Bank lleserves, and to facilitate
Bank Cleaving-House Exchanges.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congi ess assembled, That the Secietary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to receive Uni-
ted States notes on deposit, without interest,
irom national banking associations, in sums
not less than ten thousand dollars, and to issue
certificates therefor in such form as the Secre-
tary may prescribe, m denominations of riot
less than live thousand dollars; which certifi-
cate shall be payable on demand m United
States notes at the p!ace where the deposits
were made.
Sec. 2. That, the United States notes so de-
posited ill the Treasury of the United States
shall not be counted as part of the legal re-
serve ; but the certificates issued therefor may !
be held and counted by national banks as part I
of their legal reserve, and may be accepted in '
thesettlement of clearing-house balances at the I
places where the deposits therefor were made. !
Sec. S. That nothing contained in this act
shall be construed to authorize any expansion or
contraction of the currency; and the United
States notes for which such certificates are
issued, or other United States notes of like
amount, shall be held as special deposits in
the Treasury, and used only for the redemp-
tion of such certificates.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXLVII.—An Act to amend section
five of an Act entitled "An Act making
Appropriations for the Civil and Diplomatic
Expenses of the Government for the year
eighteen huntlred and forty-one," approved
March three, eighteen hundred and forty-
one, and to authorize the proper construc-
tion thereof.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
fifth section of the act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year eight-
een hundred and forty-one," approved March
three, eighteen hundred and forty-one, which
established and limited the compensation of
collectors of customs, shall be amended, and
shall be construed to apply to all surveyors of
customs ports performing, or having performed,
the duties of collectors of customs, who shall
be entitled to receive the same compensation
as is allowed to collectors by said act of March
three, eighteen hundred and forty-one, for like
services in the settlement of their accounts
with the Treasury: Provided, That the fees,
commissions, and emoluments prescribed by
law and collected by them shall amount to such
maximum allowance.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXLVIII.—An Act to amend the
fifth section of an Act entitled "An Act
making Appropriations for the Legislative,
Executive, and Judicial Expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
and for other purposes.
Be, if, enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ameiicain
Congress assembled, That the fifth section of
the act approved May eighth, eighteen hun
dred and seventy-two, making appropriations
for tbe legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government-for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, shall not be held to apply to materials,
stores, or supplies sold to officers and soldiers
of the Army or to exploring or surveying
expeditions authorized by law, and that said
section shall not be held to repeal such part
of paragraph 1032, Revised Army Regulations
of eighteen hundred and sixty-three, as pro-
vides that expenses of sales of military stores
or supplies regularly coudemned will be paid
from their proceeds.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXLIX.—An Act relating to Home-
stead Settlers burned out in the States of
Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan.
Whereas fires in extent unparalleled in the
history of the country burned through the
newly settled parts of the Statesof Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan, during the autumn
of the year eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
whereby many homestead settlers lost their
dwellings and all of their personal property,
and many were burned to death, and many
others were so much burned as to disable
them from labor for the present winter, and
are unable to rebuild and occupy their lands
within a period of six months after said fires
had driven th em from their homestead: There-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all such persons
occupying homestead-claims under the laws
of tbe United States, on lands of the United
States, who were burned out, and the heirs of
such persons who were burned to death in the
year eighteen hundred and seventy-one, in the
States of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michi-
gan, shall have until the first day of January,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, to rebuild on and re-occupy said home-
stead lands; and that when said homestead
claimants shall prove up their claims, such
period of time until the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and seventy tbree. shali be
included in the five years' time which they are
required by law to reside on said lands, in the
same manner as if such homestead claimant
had actually resided thereon during said period
of time.
Sec. 2. That in all cases where the person
having a homestead claim under the laws of
the United States, in said States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan, shall have been
burned to death or perished from the effects
of such fires, it shall be lawful for the heirs or
the guardian of any children which may have
survived said fires, or the administrator ot the
estate of said deceased homestead claimant,
to prove up said claim before the register of
the land office of the proper district, and upon
proof of the occupation and residence of such
homestead claimant, up to the period of o
being burned out, a patent shall be issued to
said heir or heirs, or guardian for the use of
such heir, or administrator for the use of such
estate, in the same manner us if such home-
stead claimant had resided thereon for five
years.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCL.—An Act fixing the Salaries of
the United States Attorney and United
States Marshall for the District of Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the United States
district attorney and United States marshals
for the district of Nebraska shall, in addition
to their stated fees, be paid annually by the
United States two hundred dollars each, in
full compensation for all extra services, said
payment to be made quarterly, at the Treasury
of the United States.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLT.—An Act to authorize an
Appointment in the Inspector General's
Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America ill
Congress assembled, That the President be,
and hereby is, authorized to nominate, and,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint, Nelson H. Davis, of the
Inspector General's department, to the rank
and place therein to which he is entitled, and
which he would have held had the law of pro-
motions by seniority under the act of March
third, eighteen hundred and fifty one, and the
Army regulations of eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, been carried out: Provided, That
no officer in said department shall, by this act,
be reduced from his present grade, nor shall
any pay or allowance be made to any officer
under it, except from the date of his confirma-
! tion: And provided further, That no prntno-
! tion t.o the grade of inspector general shall
I hereaster be made until the number of inspect-
! ors general is reduced to four.
i Approved, June 8, 1872.
