1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4439
I say, Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen who are as
Radical as I am went with or in- advance of me
to gentlemen on the other side of the House
and said, " The circumstances ai'Q such as
guarantee the withdrawal of this amendment
to which you object; you cannot be deceived
should you let the bill go to a conference."
But they knew the impregnable strength of
their position, and not yet did they yield.
They hesitated and inquired, and did not
yield until from the Speaker's chair they
received assurance that the report of a confer-
ence committee was subject to all the dilatory
motions to which any other measure would
be. In my conversations with them I had
given them assurance that if by any perad-
venture they lost position or power, I would
cooperate with them in resisting the passage
of the bill embodying the amendment in ques-
tion, and I make this motion in redemption not
alone of my word, but of the pledges of others.
If this action bring upon me condemnation I
shall not heed it. For, sir, it may be egotism,
but I tell you that I value more highly the self-
respect and approving conscience of William
D. Kelley than I do the applause of all
mankind ; and I could not go through the
world maintaining my self-respect if I failed
to make every effort in my power to have this
report go back to the committee of conference.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to inquire of
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Keli.ey]
to whom he refers as having authorized him
to pledge this side of the House to anything
about this bill ?
Mr. KELLEY. I did not pledge this side
of the House, nor have I so intimated.
Mr. BINGHAM. Whom did you pledge?
Mr. KELLEY. I pledged my influence,
following gentlemen whom I saw on the other
side promising theirs. And I reiterate that I
was impelled thereto by assurances given, as I
had been informed by many gentlemen about
me, by a member of the Senate conference
committee that if we could get the bili to the
conference committee the Senate would recede?
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to know if the
gentleman wishes to leave the impression that
there was anybody who undertook to pledge
this side of the House to surrender the rights
of the majority to legislate?
Mr. KELLEY. I have not said any such
thing, or intimated any such thing. I now
yield to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] for a few minutes.
Mr. COBURN. Before the gentleman from
Ohio proceeds, I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to state who were represented on the
different sides of this bargain.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not understand that
any bargain was made by me binding anybody
but myself. I have not intimated any such
thing. But I think that there are other gen-
tlemen here who will probably rise and say that
they also said to the other side, "Gentlemen,
you shall not be damaged by trusting to the
good faith of the majority." ButI speak only
lor myself.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to know who acts
for the majority here ? ,
Mr. KELLEY. I do not speak for the
majority. 1 have not snoken for the majority.
Mr. COBURN. Then 1 should like to know
what is the good faith of the majority which
has been broken ?
Mr. KELLEY. I speak for myself, not for
the majority. Others can speak for them-
selves. ,
Mr. PLATT. I would like to ask how the
the other side have been damaged by this re-
port being made? Have they not made all the
dilatory motions, they would have been enti-
tled to make under any circumstances?
Mr. KELLEY. I have- made my motion,
and after gentlemen who desire to be heard
shall have been heard, they can vote upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. If our action ou Satur-
day was the result of & bargain, good faith
requires that no disadvantage to the gentlemen
on the other side shall result from it. I be-
lieve in carrying out a bargain.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] fifteen minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On the merits
of the amendment now in debate by itself
considered I will not now speak. No man on
this floor regrets more than I do that the
House was brought to a dead lock on a ques-
tion of this sort appended to a general appro-
priation bill. But there is another phase of
this subject which rises altogether above that
amendment or any other amendment that can
be brought into this House. To discuss that
greater question, I must call the attention of
members to the parliamentary history of this
bill. It is one of the twelve great appropria-
tion bills necessary for carrying on the Gov-
ernment. After being considered forty days
in the Committee on Appropriations, after
being elaborately debated in this House, it
went to the Senate, and after having there
encountered storm and tempest of no ordin-
ary character it came back to the House with
such amendments as the Senate saw fit to
add. Again in the House, it was a bill in
order under all the rules of parliamentary law,
for our rules do not allow us to rule as out of
order an amendment added by the Senate. The
bill then being in order there were but five
courses of action open to the House in the
ordinary processes of legislation. The first was
to refer it to the Committee on Appropriations,
to be considered and brought back subject to
the order of the House. The second was, we
might have referred it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it
would have been open to debate and amend-
ment on every one of the ninety-three amend-
ments, and then to be reported back to the
House to await the further order of this body.
A third course was that we should proceed to
consider it in open House under the "five-min-
utes rule, subject to amendments and debate.
A fourth plan was to non-concur in all the
Senate amendments, send the bill to a com-
mittee of conference ot be again brought back
into the House. There was a fifth plan, tocon-
eur in all the Senate amendments, and thus
send the bill to the President for his approval.
Now, there is no other ordinary course to be
taken with an appropriation bill, and I call the
attention of the House to the fact that I and
my associates on the Committee on Appropria-
tions tried again and again in the House each
and all of these five ordinary courses of pro-
cedure, and again and again did the minority
of this House refuse to allow the House to
take either of these courses until late at night
of Saturday, after a twelve hours' session, and
then only on condition that the non-concur-
rence and reference to a conference committee
should be coupled with a recess which should
bring us within foar hours of the final adjourn-
ment of Congress. In other words, the minor-
ity have for days refused to allow the usual
legislative processes to be employed in refer-
ence to a great and necessary public measure;
they have refused to allow it to be debated or
considered except upon terms of their own
dictation wholly beyond the ordinary range
of parliamentary order.
Mr. Speaker, a question has therefore arisen
in its importance far above any item in this
bill, and even above the whole bill, and it is
simply this: shall the majority of the members
of this House have the right to consider and
act upon a great appropriation bill in the mode
provided in the rules? The moment a minor-
ity, however large, deny that proposition, that
moment we are in the midst of a parliamentary
revolution, and legislation of any sort is im-
possible forevermore until that position be
utterly abandoned. In 1861 a large body of
men in eleven States of this Union said that
a majority of the American people might elect
a President, provided they did not elect Abra-
ham Lincoln, but if a majority of votes at the
polls should choose to elect Abraham Lincjlj,
then they, the minority, would break this Gov-
ernment in pieces, and Lincoln should never
be President of this Republic. There was a
revolution against the right of the majority to
elect a President. Pour years of bloody war
followed to vindicate the right of the majority
to govern. Now, most unfortunately, most
unwisely, most unjustifiably, as I think, the
minority of this House have seen fit to say to
us "There is a bill, a great public measure, a
measure which must in some form be enacted
into a law, else the Government cannot be
carried on, but that bill you shall neither
debate in any of the recognized forms of par-
liamentary law, nor shall you ameud it nor
vote on it." Now, to that assumption, be it
made in reference to any conceivable consti-
tutional bill before the House, I for one can
never yield ; with it I will make no terms of
compromise. In saying this I do not fail to
recognize the amplest right of the minority to
make dilatory motions for any and all legiti-
mate purposes. I recognize that right, when-
ever the minority is being oppressed by any
parliamentary proceeding. 11, for instance,
we should insist that a bill should be passed
without being read, I would filibuster as long
as any man here to prevent it, if it were a bill
that 1 did not understand or approve.
Mr. BROOKS. That was your very first
motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all.
If, for instance, a proposition were made to
pass a great and important measure without
allowing a word of debate, or of protest, or
of consideration, except the vote, I would join
any man on either side of the House in dila-
tory motions against such a proceeding. But
when the proposition is to proceed according
to parliamentary law to consider and to debate,
then, when the minority undertakes to say
that that thing shall not be done, it is simply
an end of parliamentary government; it is a
plain denial of the right to the majority of
the American people to make laws, speaking
through the majority of their Representatives.
Now, in regard to the tenth amendment in
this conference report. It has never been
clear but that after debate that amendment
would be defeated in this House. It is not
clear but that it would now be defeated in this
House. Let it be understood that I do not
speak of the merits of the amendment in any
degree whatever.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my friend allow me
to inquire of him how he would vote on it?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will excuse me ; I must finish what I was say-
ing. When the committee of conference was
appointed—and I wish to say this in reply to
what has been said here—I expressed my will-
ingness that any kind of a committee might
be appointed, only so that a committee be
appointed. And I did not venture to suggest
to the Speaker how he should make up that
conference committee. I would have regarded
it as indecorous on my part and improper on
his part, if 1 had proposed or he consented to
pledge himself in advance to any making up of
the committee in the way of a pledge to oppos-
ing forces. I gave no man on this or on the
other side of the House any pledge as to how I
would act on any amendment of the Senate,
should I be a memberof the committee of con-
ference, nor do I believe any other member
of the conference committee gave any such
pledge. I did express my willingness that the
conference committee should be made in any
way that it was the pleasure of the Speaker to
make it; and if it should decide one way I
would be content, and if it should decide the
other way I would be content.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Allow me to ask a
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me finish
my statement and then I will yield to a ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I want to ask a ques-
