1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
Now, sir, if you will take up a map showing
the surroundings to the Capitol, and the limit
of the grounds as now prescribed, you will
perceive that squares 687 and 688, lying the
one to the northeast of the Senate wing and
the other to tije southeast of the House wing,
are essential to the completion of the grounds,
not only in an esthetic point of view, but in
a practical point of view, as much so as it is
essential for a man to have proper grounds
surrounding his residence to enable him to
have free ingress and egress to and from it.
You will perceive, by examining this map,
that the distance at present from the north-
east corner of the Senate wing to the south-
west corner of block No. 687, now commonly
known as "Whitney's," is but about one
hundred and fifty feet. Then, if you will
examine the plan further, it will be seen that
the distance between the southeast corner of
the House wing and the northwest corner of
square 688, commonly known as " Sander-
son's," is about the same. Thus it will be
seen that by preserving in front of the Capi-
tol, which must be done if the grounds are
restricted to their present limit, a street of a
hundred feet width, which is the ordinary
width of streets in this city, there will remain
surrounding those portions of the Capitol to
which I have alluded a space of but fifty feet,
and if reduced by the terraces and pavements
that are necessary to the protection of this
portion of the Capitol building, it will be found
that this street of one hundred feet will run
practically against the very Capitol itself.
Now, 1 need not, I hope, Mr. Speaker,
attempt to prove to this House that this
building should not be confined by any such
limits. The Government already owns the
grounds inclosed upon the west front of the
Capitol building, it also owns the ground
extending to B street north on the north front
of the Capitol. It owns the grounds extend-
ing to First street east of the Capitol, and to B
street south, south of the Capitol. By taking
in the two squares which I have indieated the
grounds will be embraced in what I may de-
scribe as a parallelogram; but by excluding
these two squares there is and always will be a
disagreeable projection into the very heart of
these grounds, marring their harmony, and
making it impossible for ornamentation, except
in certain directions from the Capitol building.
I do not believe that it comports with the
dignity of this nation, nor is it contributive to
the good order of Congress, that private prop-
erty should abut so closely to the national
Capitol and be subject to occupation, as it now
is, by saloons and restaurants.
But without speaking further of the plan
itself, or of its importance to the Government
in making this Capitol something of an expo-
nent of the civilization of our people and illus-
trating their appreciation for the beautiful as
well as the useful, let me suggest a few points
■wherein further delay upon this subject will
work great injury to private property, and to
the interests of private individuals as well as
the public. 1 assume, sir, that no intelligent
person in this House, unless it be some one
who is innoculated with the idea of removing
the national capital, a scheme^ at once mis-
chievous, and 1 think unpatriotic, will say
that ultimately these two squares are not to
be included within the Capitol grounds, it
is then a question simply as to when this
shall be done. This is not a new question.
It has agitated Congress within my own obser-
vation lor eight years, and the records of
Congress will show that the idea was discussed
for many years previous to 1861._
Before speaking of the peculiar hardships
to citizens residing upon Capitol Hill, let me
call the attention of the House to the report
of the district attorney of the United States
for the District of Columbia, made under the
authority of an act of Congress approved June
25,1860. This report will be found in Miscel-
laneous Document, SenateNo. 17,Thirty-Sixth
Congress, second session. I call attention to
this report, not for the purpose of giving it
entire, although it cannot be found except
upon the files of the Senate, but more partic-
ularly to show that this is not only not a new
question, but that Congress and the nation are
pledged to a certain extent to make this pur-
chase, and that the people living in the vicinity
of the Capitol building who have abstained
from improving their property have done it
upon the faith which the Government pledged
in this act of Congress that this purchase would
be made.
This report shows the total valuation of the
property as assessed at the time by the corpo-
ration authorities of Washington city. It also
shows the actual valuation of the property as
reached by nine of our most intelligent citi-
zens, who under oath made an award and a
report which the district attorney of that day
submits with his report. The aggregate value
was $417,574 90.
The district attorney stated :
"It may be safely assumed that the total cost of
the purchase, including all expenses, cannot exceed
$500,000, allowing the most extravagant margin pos-
sible to cover such eases where the value named in
the report of the commissioners may be refused and
a resort to legal proceedings rendered necessary."
I have had prepared within a few days by
the District authorities a statement showing
the assessed valuation of these two squares
with the improvements, and without giving
it in detail I would state that the valuation
of square No. 687 is $175,661, and of square
No. 688, $202,820, making a total of $378,-
481. I think it may be assumed as true that
owing to the peculiar situation of these two
squares and the doubts which will always hang
over titles in consequence of this proposed
enlargement of the grounds, the assessed
valuation which I have given would not be
increased by an assessment of any jury, so
that the total would exceed the sum of $500,-
000, from which, of course, should be deducted
the value of the materials which would be re-
moved from the squares. The value of the
improvements as given by the report of the
assessors amounts to about one hundred and
forty thousand dollars.
There are some other facts connected with
the subject which I wish to give in this con-
nection as tending to show the favorable side
of this purchase. I find as an exhibit to this
same report to which I have alluded, a state-
ment made by Mr. Randolph Coyle, an old
and skilled surveyor of this city for many
years, from which I give the following facts:
the present area of the Capitol grounds is,
1,348,9 i 6 square feet, or 30.986 acres; the
area of the proposed enlarged ground will be
2,450,578 square feet, or 56.257 acres; the
difference between the present and the pro-
posed mclosure is 1,111,602 square feet, of
which 254,986 feet is private building ground,
and the remainder, 856,016 feet, public spaces,
avenues, streets, and public alleys.
Thus you will perceive, Mr. Speaker, that
in a purchase of these two squares the Gov-
ernment will come into possession by its right
to close the alleys and avenues, and including
the public spaces about the Capitpl, of a quan-
tity of ground more than three times as gfreat
as that which it is proposed to purchase. This
statement will be varied probably somewhat
in the total by excluding from the estimate
two small squares which are not now included
in the proposed plan of extension; but the
relative advantage which the Government will
derive by this purchase by possessing itself
of what are now streets, aveuues, and alleys,
will not be materially changed. This tends
directly to reduce the cost of the purchase,
and should be considered in that connection.
Now, sir, one word with regard to the effect
of this measure upon the present and future,
not only of the improvements in the city of
Washington at large but more immediately
upon those contemplated upon Capitol Hill.
There is at present, I may say truthfully, no
decent, certainly no convenient approach to
the Capitol from the west, which is the locality
occupied by the great masses of our popula-
tion, and no such approach can be made with
the present limited area of the Capitol grounds.
The people of the District have made a loan
of $4,000,000 for the purpose of beautifying
and improving the capital of the nation. In
the plan of improvement which is proposed to
be adopted, Capitol Hill forms a part. Our
people appreciate the importance of the Capi-
tol building itself as the central figure in this
great plan of improvements. This plan
stretches in its extent from the limits of
Georgetown in the west, to the limits of
Washington in the east. Improvements are
going on in the western portion of our city,
but in this portion immediately surrouuding
the Capitol, those which are dependent to a
certain extent upon the grade which may be
established permanently about the Capitol are
stopped and must remain suspended until this
question is settled.
Sir, it is the remark of all persons who visit
this city that Washington should have been
built upon Capitol Hill. Why it was not so
built is a question unnecessary for me to an-
swer, but certain it is that Capitol Hill is one
of the most desirable and delightful portions
of the District of Columbia for private resi-
dences; and must ultimately become one of
the most popular and attractive portions of
the city for that purpose. It should be the
wish of all who feel an interest in the devel-
opment of the national capital that the im-
provements in the city should be made as
much as possible throughout the entire city
and for the equal benefit of all, so that xpu,
Mr. Speaker, who may prefer to live on Cap-
itol Hill, or my friend who has just spoken,
who may prefer to live in the western por-
tion of the city, may have equal facilities
and advantages of ingress and egress to the
Government buildings in the various parts of
the city, and especially to the national Capitol
building. But, sir, so long as there remains
a doubt about the boundaries of the Capitol
grounds, so long will this beautiful part of the
city remain unimproved to a certain extent,
and unsought by investors in real estate.
You will find, by passing around the two
squares I have indicated, Nos. 687 and 688,
that there is not a house which has been con-
structed upon either of those squares since
Congress authorized an assessment with a view
of purchase. This plan of the extension of
the grounds has hung over this property like
a pall. The lots that are unimproved have
remained vacant and useless to their owners,
while houses have gone into dilapidation and
decay, and have not produced a sufficient in-
come to warrant the owners in keeping them
in even ordinary repair. Not only that, but
the squares^immediately opposite these, out-
lying the piesent proposed limits to the Cap-
itol grounds, have been affected by this same
nusettled condition of affairs. Suppose that
any man places a valuable improvement upon
any one of these squares he may be said to do
so to-day caveat emptor; so that if he puts an
improvement there.which would not be made
with economy and prudence, he would be liable
to loss in case the Government should dis-
possess him.
In his report to Congress, in 1861, the Uni-
ted States district attorney said:
"It may not be considered inappropriate to say
that very many of the parties interested consider
that they arc justly entitted to a settlement of this
matter at this session of Congress, as it nas been m
suspense for many years. They complain that they
cannot rent their property for any fixed period of
time, and that, they feel unwilling to improve the
vacant ground, or add to present improvements, m
their state of uncertainty as to when the gov-
ernment may think proper to tako it and at what
prices."
You know, sir, there is a proposition rftade to
reduce the grade upon the east front ot the
Capitol, so as to give the building a greater
elevation, and repair to some extent the mis-
