1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
system, such as is proposed here, I am in favor
of it.
I say, .sir, if it come to the worst, rather than
raise another army, rather than fight that peo-
ple. I would say they should go to jail or go
to school. I would "by all possible power com-
pel intelligence. But the bill does not con-
template this. It only devotes a sum for the
ignorant and guards its application.
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Storm] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to indicate the
amendments I shall offer.
Mr. STORM. I am willing the gentleman
shall have additional time, if we on this side
shall have additional time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask my friend from
Pennsylvania to allow me to submit a propo-
sition to amend in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. COBURN. I have stricken out the
third section of the bill 
Mr. STORM. Does this come out of my
time?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. STORM. Then I must object. The
other side has had its half hour; and we on
this side have but half an hour. If our time
be extended, then I do not object.
Mr. COBURN. I do not wish to trespass
upon the time of the gentleman from Penn-
svlvania.
'Mr. CAMPBELL rose.
Mr. STORM. I cannot yield if it is to come
out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It does, unless by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With a view of having :
a vote on my proposition. I will move to re- ■
commit the bill with pending amendments to j
the Committee on Education and Labor, with J
instructions to report back in lieu thereof the ;
proposition which I will sendtotbe Clerk sdesk. •
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order, i
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe it has been j
entertained on several occasions. j
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was j
given that this discussion should proceed till
three o'clock, when the previous question j
should be considered as then moved and the j
main question ordered, and the House should ■
then take a vote. j
Mr. CAMPBELL. _ I will then move my .
amendment as a substitute. :
The SPEAKER. As a substitute it will be j
in order. . , j
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not ask that it be
now read, as I do not wish to consumeunneces- j
sarily the time of my friend from Pennsylvania, j
Mr. STORM. I will yield twelve minutes j
of my time to the gentleman from Virginia, j
[Mr.'Harris.] _ j
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
I am indebted to the courtesy of my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stobm] for permis-
sion to occupy fiiteen minutes in the expres- j
sion of my ^ews in opposition to this bill. ^ j
Sir, all history teaches that war. suceestul j
war, tends to strengthen government. Ail j
government sin time of war, whetner republican j
or monarchical, gradually assume the form ot .
despotisms. We have not only seen 111 our ;
time and in our Country, but througnout the ;
civilized world, that in time ot war^the com- I
mamler-in-chief of the army and of the navv ;
of a country is absolutely despotic, whether he
be the conimander-in-chiet ot the army ot a
republic or a monarchy. W o see men arrested
and imprisoned. Everywhere puu.ie travel
is controlled; nil public conveyances are
searched and examined no citizen can mo\e
from his own hmifcti to his neighbors w.iiiou
the requisite pass; all the actions ot the citi-
zen are under control, and he can oo nothing
without showing military authority lor it.
Therefore 1 assert in time of war ail govern-
ments are despotic. , ,. ,
I assert further, Mr. Speaker, the cardinal
fact that liberty is a thing of education. •• ei
may become educated to despotism; they may
become educated to yield their necks to the
yoke and kindly to submit to despotic author-
ity. For four years our people from the Gulf
to the lakes had such experience. They have
been educated to submit to central power, to
the will and dictation of one man. Congress,
finding the people thus educated into tame
submission, has from that day to this been
making giant strides in fastening upon the
people the idea of centralization and the ab-
sorption of all the power of the people as well
as of the rights of the States in the hands of
the Federal Government. Many a gallant sol-
dier—I refer not to the North or the South—
carried his flag over his head on which was
emblazoned "liberty and the rights of the
people," little dreaming that he was forging
the chains with which he was to be fettered.
Sir, when the war ended, this party now in
power and the Congress of the United States,
finding the public sentiment ripe for submis-
sion, step by step undertook to deprive the
people of the States of their rights and to
transfer them to the central power of the Gov-
ernment. First came their fourteenth amend-
ment; then their fifteenth amendment; then
their civil rights bill, the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, the remodeling of the
Supreme Court were all a part of that system;
and next we have this bill, one of the series
designed to carry out the same object, of
making the States subservient to tlie General
Government.
There is one provision, sir, in this bill which
strikes me as very singular. It is the section
whicli provides that one half of the proceeds
of the public lands shall be invested in United
States bonds, the interest of which shall be
paid annually to the States. What is the ob-
ject of that, sir? It has a twofold object. One I
is the bolstering up or maintaining the credit
of the Government. The other is the making '
the States dependent on the General Govern-
ment.
with any of those conditions, the money is to
be withheld, and the State is to forfeit her
right. And, as to this, who is to be the first
judge? The superintendent of education.
And which is the court of last resort? This
Congress. Hence, sir, it must be manifest to
every man that this centralizes power more
and more into the hands of the Government.
I oppose this bill, Mr. Speaker, for the
further reason that it undertakes to force
upon the country mixed schools. The gen-
tleman, under the guise of friendship to the
South, comes like a panther with his claws
concealed beneath his soft down, and with
gentle words and professions of love, under-
takes to force mixed schools upon an unwill-
ing country. I prove it by the language of
the bill, wherein it states that the schools
"shall be free for the admission of all chil-
dren between the ages of six and sixteen
years." Now, what will be the effect of this
in Virginia, where we have separate free
schools? A white school is not free to col-
ored children, and a colored school is not
free to white children. Virginia, under her
present school system, would not be entitled
to one dollar. She has at this moment a free-
school system as good as any in the United
States, the white and colored schools being
separate and apart, each working in its own
sphere, with its own teachers. To show how
the system works, I shall quote a passage
from the report of the superintendent of
public instruction of that State. He says:
" I have not been able to discover any disposition
on the part of school officers to discriminate against
the colored people in their school arrangements.
The officers were instructed to be careful to avc i'l
everything that would even present the appearance
of unfairness, and I believe that they have endeav-
ored faithfully and impartially to execute the law.
Many of the teachers of colored schools during
the past year were persons of the highest social
standing."
Again:
Except in one district in which the colored peo-
TTnlikV everv other creditor, who has :! pie voted adversely, the question of laying a local
  Untiise every oiner creuuoi, wiiu "as j for provirting gghool accommodations has been
to a certain extent a control over the debtor, j carr-llM\ by large majorities in every case in which it
the Government, when it is a debtor, has the ,j has been presented to the suffrages of the.people. In
. . ' r , ,i -..'n:  ! one large and wealthy district of Henrico county.
control over the creditor. Let this thing
on for a number of years, and let the States j
in course of time have due them by the Gen- i
eral Government millions and millions of dol- j
lare, and what ^!| That is our system in Virginia. We have
governments? They^ will^ _t haUoM he far.t ,| ^ ^ ^ gepara(e md
from each other, each one getting its quota of
UUO lO-ifoV. ««« ' ■   — •
the colored people, who are in the majority, leit tbo
question of the school tax to be entirely decided by
the whites who were the property-holders. JNot
a colored rote was cast on the question, and the
whites unanimously voted a tax ot $1,600.'
offense, either real or pretended, this fund will
be withheld from them. And the Government
has been cautious not to provide any means
, by which it can be sued. It is supreme and
controls supremely the relations between itself
and the States. Consequently, the States be-
come subservient to the General Government
because the Government holds the purse-strings
and the States have no power to compel pay-
ment. , ,, „
Then, sir, I oppose this bill tor the reason
I have given, that one of the great objects of
it is to centralize the Government. It pro-
vides for the appointment ol a school commis-
sioner, or superintendent ot education, who is
to report to the Secretary of the Treasury; and
upon his ipse dixit this fund is to be withheld
from anv State. Where is the appeal? ihere
is an appeal to Congress, and it the decision
of the superintendent is not reversed at the
next session the fund is forever lost to the
State. The whole power of granting it to the
States is given to one man, that one man
beiti* appointed by a partisan President. And
the appeal is to Congress, this central power
where for six long years they have been strug-
gling for centralization, to judge whether any
State is to be en! itled to the lund or not. t or
one I am not willing to vote away the public
lands in which Virg.nia has so deep an inter-
est, and then trust to Congress to do her jus-
tice. Congress is to turn itseif into a gieat
school commission and to regulate the school
svstetn of the whole country. _
" This bill has many conditions in it, and says
that, for the failure of any State to comp y
the money, and the people are taxed, and
taxed heavily to support them. Now, gentle-
men want to force us to mix our children. I
say it is wrong in principle, and contrary to
the laws of God. He has drawn His mark,
like the night from the day, clear and distinct.
He has made an impassable gulf, which the
gentlemen on the other side seek to bridge
over with this bill. The gentleman who pro-
poses this does not himself mix socially with
the colored people. He admits that this
question of social intercourse is a matter of
iree will and election.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Will the gen-
tleman allow 1110 a moment longer?
Mr. STORM. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia.^ I was going on
to say that the question of mixed schools is a
social one. What relation is so absolutely
social as the mingling of children at school ?
Thev sit on the same seat, learn from the
same book, recite the same lesson, drink from
the same cup, and in every respect are as
social in their relation as brother and sister.
Test this doctrine at your own hearthstone;
offer vonr little children who are not influenced
by party or revenge a social entertainment,
and tell them they must invite as many hlack
as white children, and see how quick God will
speak through their innocent hps, lhen? we
will have no party, we will have no party.
If then, your children will not meet around
the festive board with the colored race, do
