'2848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
The1 next amendment was in section [one
hundred and twenty-two] one hundred and
' twenty-one, line seven, to insert after the word
"deemed" the words "and taken," and at
the end of the section to insert the following:
And it shall be the duty of the Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States to open, at the request of
the Postmaster General, an account of "money-order
funds " deposited by postmasters to the credit of the
.Postmaster General, and of drafts against the
amount so deposited, drawn by him and counter-
signed by the Auditor.
So that the section will read :
Sec. [122] 121. That all money received for the sale
of money orders, including all fees thereon, all
money transferred from tho postal revenues to the
money-order funds, all money transferred or paid
from the money-order funds to the service of the
Post Office Department, and all money-order funds
transferred from one postmaster to another, shall
be deemed and taken to be money-order funds and
money in the Treasury of the United States. And
it sh3.ll be the duty of the Assistant Treasurer, &c.
Mr. RAMSEY. We have enacted that, I
will say, in the contract bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next ameudment was in section [one
hundred and twenty-three] one hundred and
twenty-two, line thirteen, after the word
"taken" to strike out the word "as" and to
insert the words "to be in line twenty-four,
after the word "bank," to insert the words
"or through United States disbursing officers
or otherwise}" and at the end of the section
to insert the words "for the purpose of re-
mitting surplus money-order funds from one
post office to another to be used in payment
of money orders. That disbursing officers of
the United States shall be required to issue,
under regulations to be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, duplicates of lost checks
drawn by them in favor of any postmaster on
account of money order or other public funds
received by them from some other postmaster;"
so that the section will read:
Sec. [123J122. That any postmaster, assistant clerk,
or other person employed m or connected with the
business or operation© of any money-order office
who shall convert to his own use. iu any way what-
ever, or loan, or deposit in any bank, or exchange
for other funds, any portion of the money-order
funds, shall bodcemed guilty of embezzlement; and
.any such person, as well as every other person ad-
visiug or participating therein, shall, on conviction
thereof, for every such offonKe, bo imprisoned for not
less than six months nor more than ton years, and
to bo fined 111 a sum equal to the amount embezzled;
and any fniloro to pay over or produce auy money-
order iimds intrusted to such person shall be taken
[as] to bo prima jacie evidence of embezzlement;
ana upon the trial of any indictment against any
-person for such embez/Joment, it^hall beprima/acie
evideuee oi a balance against liun to produce a
transcript from the money-order account-books of
the Auditor for the Post Office Department. But
nothing herein contained shall be construed to pro-
hibit auy postmaster depositing, under tho direction
of the Postmaster General, in a national bank des-
ignated by the Secretary of tho Troasury for that
purpose, to hisown credit as postmaster, any money-
order or other funds in his charge, nor prevent his
negotiating dtaftt. or other evidences of debt through
such bank, or through United States disbursing offi-
cers or otherwise, when instructed or required to do
so by the Postmaster General for the purpose of re-
mitting surplus money-order funds from one post
ofiice to another to be used in payment of money
orders. That disbursing officers of the United States
shall be required to issue, under regulations to be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, dupli-
cates of loi<t checks drawn by them in favor of any
postmaster on account ot money-order or other
public funds received by thorn from some otherpost-
inaster.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 50, at the
end of section one hundred and twenty-eight,
to add the following proviso:
}*-)Ovuhd, That letters upon the official businoss
of the Post Office Department which requires regis-
tering shall bo registered, free of charge, and pass
through the mails free of charge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 51, sec-
tion one hundred and thirty-four, line three,
to insert " magazines" after "newspapers:"
after "posters," to insert "unsealed circu-
lars;" after "weight," in line seven, to insert
"packages of cotton, woolen, or liueu clothing
not exceeding twelve ounces in weight;" and
at the end of line nineteen, to insert "all
matter of the third class, excepting books and
other printed matter, book manuscripts, proof-
sheets, and corrected proof-sheets, shall not
exceed twelve ounces in weight, and all matter
of the third class shall be subject to ex-
amination and to rates of postage as herein-
after provided;" so that the section will read :
Sec. [134] 133. That mailable matter of the third
class shall embrace all pamphlets, occasional pub-
lications, transient newspapers, magazines, hand-
bills, posters, unsealed circulars, prospectuses,
books, book manuscripts, proof-sheets, corrected
proof-sheets, maps, prints, engravings, blanks, flex-
ible patterns, samples of merchandise not exceeding
twelve ounces in weight, packages of cotton, woolen,
or linen clothing not exceeding twelve ounces
in weight, sample cards, phonographic paper, letter
envelopes, postal envelopes and wrappers, cards,
plain and ornamental paper, photographic repre-
sentations of different types, seeds, cuttings, bulbs,
roots, scions, and all other matter which may be
declared mailable by law, and all other articles not
above the weight prescribed by law, which are not,
from their form or nature, liable to destroy, deface,
or otherwise injure the contents of the mail-bag, or
the person of any one engaged in the postal service.
All liquids, poisons, glass, explosive materials, and
obscene books shall be excluded from the mails.
All matter of the third class, excepting books and
other printed matter, book manuscripts, proof-
sheets, and corrected proof-sheets, shall not exceed
twelve ounces in weight, and all matter of the third
class shall be subject to examination and to rates
of postage as hereinafter provided. Samples of
metals, ores, and mincralogical specimens shall not
exceed twelve ounces in weight, and shall be subject
to examination and to rates of postage as herein-
after provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, sec-
tion [one hundred and thirty-eight] one hun-
dred and thirty seven, line three, after the
word "franked," to insert the words "when
it can be done without destroying them ;" so
as to make the section read:
Sec. [138] 137. That postmasters at the office of
delivery may remove the wrappers and envelopes
from mail matter not charged with letter postage
nor lawfully franked, when it can be done without
destroying them, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether there is upon or connected with any such
matter anything which would authorize or require
the charge of a higher rate of postage thereon.
The ameudment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 56, sec-
tion [one hundred and forty-nine] one hun-
dred and forty-eight, after the word " charac-
ter," in line two, to insert "or any letter
upon the envelope of which scurrilous epi-
thets may have been written or printed, or
disloyal devices printed or engraved;" so as
to read:
Sko. [149] 148. That no obscene book, pamphlet,
picture, print, or other publication of a vulgar or
indecent character, or any letter upon the envelope
of which scurrilous epithets may have been written
or printed, or disloyal devices printed or engraved,
shall bo carried in the mail.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 57, to
strike out section one hundred and fifty-two
of the bill in the following words:
Sec. 152. That all mail matter deposited for mail-
ing, paid only in part, shall be forwarded to its des-
tination, charged with the unpaid rate, to be col-
lected 011 delivery.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Sec. 151. That if any mail matter, on which by
law the postage is required to be prepaid at the
mailing office, shall by inadvertence reach its des-
tination without such prepayment, double the pre-
paid rate shall be charged and collected on delivery.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a misprint in the
one hundred and fifty-first section. It should
be stricken out and this should be the language
of it:
That all mail matter deposited for mailing, on
which at least one full rate of postage has been paid
as required by law, shall be forwarded to its desti-
nation charged with the unpaid rate, to be collected
on delivery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Spen-
cer in the chair.) If there be no objection,
this amendment will be agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 58, section [one hundred and fifty-
seven] one hundred and fifty-six, line six, to
insert, after the words "original print," "ex-
cept the correction of mere typographical
errors 5" so as to read :
On all printed matter which is so marked as to
flbuvey any other or further information than is
conveyed by the original print, except the correc-
tion of mere typographical errors, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 59, sec-
tion [one hundred and sixty] one hundred and
fifty-nine, line eight, after the word " frac-
tional" to insert " part of the current;" and
after "quarter" to insert "and;" so as to
read:
If the term commences at any other time than at
the beginning of a quarter, payment shall be made
to cover the fractional part of the current quarter
and of the next quarter following, otherwise postage
shall be collected thereon as on transient matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
section [one hundred and sixty-one] one hun-
dred and sixty, after "newspapers," in line
two, to insert "issued less frequently than
once a week;" so as to read:
Sec. [161] 160. That the Postmaster General may
provide by regulations for carrying small newspapers,
issued less frequently than once a week, in packages
to one address, from a known office of publication
to regular subscribers, at the rate of one cent for
each four ounces or fraction thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [one
hundred and sixty-two] one hundred and sixty-
one, same page, after the word "receive," in
line two, to insert "and transmit;" so as to
read:
Sec. [162] 161. That persons known as regular deal-
ers in newspapers and periodicals may receive and
transmit hy mail such quantities of either as they
may require, and pay the postage thereon as re-
ceived, at the same rates, pro rata, as regular sub-
scribers to such publications who pay quarterly in
advance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 60, line
eight, section [one hundred and sixty-three]
one hundred and sixty-two, to strike out "has
sent" and insert "will send;" to strike out
"caused" and insert "cause;" to strike out
" permitted" and insert " permit;" and in line
twelve to strike out "has been" and insert
" shall be "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those verbal
corrections will be made.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion one hundred and sixty-four, on page 60,
in the following words:
Sec. 164. That on mailable matter of tho third
class, postage shall be charged at the rate of two
cents for each four ounces or fraction thereof.
Double these rates shall be charged for books and
samples of metals, ores, and minerals.
And in lieu thereof to insert, the following:
Sec. 1G3. That on mailable matter of the third
class, except as herein stated, postage shall be
charged at the rate of one cent for each two ounces
or fraction thereof. Double these rates shall be
charged for books, samplesof metals, ores, and min-
erals, samples of merchandise, and packages of cot-
ton, woolen, and linen clothing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 61, sec-
tion [one hundred and sixty five] one hundred
and sixty-four, line five, to strike out " eight
cents" and insert "one cent," and strike out
"four ounces" and insert "one ounce;" so
as to make the section read:
Sec. [165] 164. That packages of woolen, cotton, or
linen clothing, not exceeding two pounds in weight,
may he sent through the mail to any non-commis-
sioned officer or private in the Army of the United
States, if prepaid, at the rate of one cent for each
one ounce or fraction thereof, subject to such regu-
lations as the Postmaster General may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 61 to
strike out section one hundred and sixty-six,
as follows:
Sec. 166. That postage on unsealed circulars shall
be at the rate of one cent for any number to one
address not exceeding three, with an additional rate
of two cents for each additional three or less.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
section [one hundred and sixty-seven] one
hundred and sixty-five, line eight, to strike out
"four" and insert " not exceeding two;" and
