4440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
tion on this particular point, as to what was
said by him, to gentlemen on this side of the
House, and to me personally.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not now ; let
me finish my statement, and then the gen-
tleman may report everything I ever said to
him. When we went into the conference com-
mittee, we sat two hours on Saturday night,
running our session into midnight. The whole
of that session was devoted exclusively to
determining the order of proceedure in the
committee. It was finally agreed, and it was
the only agreement the committee could come
to, that we would lay aside the election amend-
ment till we had considered all the other items
in the bill. At the same time I, in common
with my colleagues, urged upon the Senate
committee to let us make a partial report, a
report covering everything but the enforce-
ment clause, to bring that back before the two
Houses for separate action. We united in
making that request of the Senate conferees.
They declined to say whether they would or
would not agree to that suggestion, but it was
agreed that we would consider everything else
first.
_ We met on Sunday and sat eight hours con-
tinuously. At the end of six hours we had
finished, to the satisfaction of the conferees,
every other item of disagreement between the
two Houses. When we reached the tenth
amendment, the one in dispute,' the Senate
conferees informed us that they could make
no report that did not treat of that subject in
it; that the report must be one and a whole.
The committee on the part of the House was
thus compelled to adopt one of two courses,
either at eight o'clock on Monday morning,
four hours before the time fixed for final ad-
journment, bring back a report that they had
made no progress whatever, that nothing was
agreed to, nothing settled, thus making it
wholly impossible to reach an adjustment
before twelve o'clock, or to bring in a report
concurring in something.
After mature deliberation we thought it to
be our dnty to bring in a report, and in order
to do that we proposed a substitute to the Sen-
ate's tenth amendment. That substitute con-
sists in the main of the enforcement bill sent
to the IIouso by the Senate a few weeks since;
but there are two or three important modifica-
tions put on that at the suggestion of the
House conferees. The first is that nothing in
this act contained shall be so construed as to
authorize the appointment of any additional
marshals or deputy marshals beyond those
heretofore authorized by law. In the second
place, instead of providing that on the com-
plaint of two citizens the judge shall appoint
supervisors, we put it in the report the request
of ten shall be required—not ten in any con-
gressional district, but in the county or parish
where such action is required. So it must be
ten citizens of good report, of good reputa-
tion who shall petition the judge, and ten citi-
zens of the same county in which the action
is asked, before he can take any such action.
Again, there are in this report four amend-
ments which were offered by Democratic Sen-
ators and adopted by the Senate when the bill
was before the Senate. One is that the super-
visors hereby authorized shall receive no com-
pensation except in cities of twenty thousand
inhabitants. Another is that persons appointed
to supervise elections shall be from the election
precincts where they preside, and shall serve in
such election precincts, and shall be qualified
voters. Another is that nothing in this act
contained shall be construed to compel State
officers to discharge any duty imposed by Con-
gress.
The amendment thus guarded is clearly
within the provisions of the Constitution which
empower Congress to regulate the time, place,
and manner of holding elections for Represent-
atives in Congress. If I did not believe this
I would not have agreed to the conference
report. Whether it is a wise amendment or
not is for this body to determine. That it is
constitutional no member of this body will
deny. That it is intended to preserve the
purity of. electors I do not doubt. If it were
designed to help elect any given person, no
man would hate it more than I would, whether
the man to be elected were my political friend
or my political enemy. Now, the committee
of conference having brought in a report under
the rules, I do now insist and shall continue to
demand that the bill before the House shall be
acted on ; and against all factious and revolu-
tionary resistance I propose to stand, if need
be, until December next until this appropria-
tion bill shall be considered, shall be voted on,
voted up or voted down. This must be done
or we abandon and surrender the right of par-
liamentary government in this country. We
inflict a serious if not a fatal wound upon the
freedom and efficiency of the national Legisla-
ture.
And now, onee for all, I say to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eudredse,] and to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
leyJ] that I have said no word to them or to
any man inconsistent with the declarations I
have made in these remarks. I challenge any
man to the proof if he venture to join the issue.
Ifinally, and above all, we must have a direct
action on this bill; if not to-day, then in the
extra session which will be called the moment
we adjourn without action.
Mr. KELLEY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me answer
a question or two which has been propounded
to me.
Mr. KELLEY. I now yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Binqham,]
and then I have a few words myself to say in
conclusion.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question. Article four of the
amendments to the Constitution, prescribing
the rights of the people 
Mr. KELLEY. This comes out of the time
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I cannot yield any
of my time for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
New York will be permitted to read the fourth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. BROOKS. The fourth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States provides that "the right of the people to
be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects, against unreasonable searches and
seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants
shall issue but upon probable cause, supported
by oath or affirmation, and particularly describ-
ing the place to be searched, and the persons
or things to be seized."
Section eight of the law prescribes:
"And the marshal or his deputy shall arrest and
take into custody, with or without process" 
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] cannot
read the whole statute-book in my time.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] declines to yield fur-
ther.
Mr. BROOKS. There is nothing in this act
which forbids- the arrest of any man without
process of law.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to being smothered
in this way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bin&ham] is entitled to the floor for
fifteen minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, there is
nothing in the bill, so far as the rights of citi-
zens and persons are concerned, that has not
already been on the statute-book for twoyears.
It has been in force in the State represented
by the honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] and I have yet to learn that
any of the provisions of this law of which the
gentleman complains have been held uncon-
stitutional by any court, State or national.
Mr. RANDALL. You will not let it be
tested by the Supreme Court.
Mr. BIN GHAM. Test it before any court.
That right is assured by the law as it was ori-
ginally enacted. The question might have
been tested in the Supreme Court. It was not,
because there was no doubt of the validity of
the law. Gentlemen talk about not letting it
be tested in the Supreme Court ! I do not
stop to argue the constitutional question now.
I gave these gentlemen an opportunity ten
days ago to take the Senate bill on this very
subject from the table and allow it to be con-
sidered. Your Journal will bear witness that
I did not move to suspend the rules and put
the bill on its passage. Debate was what I
desired. I wished to know, after a full hearing
of this question, whether it is competent for
the Congress of the U nited States to provide
by law (as is provided in the act the provisions
of which are sought by this amendment to be
extended to the several congressional districts
of the United States) for the punishment by
fine and imprisonment of any person, whether
in office or out of office, whether a State official
or a Federal official, who shall by fraud, by
bribery, by threats, by intimidation, or by force,
prevent or attempt to prevent any citizen duly
qualified to vote from exercising that privilege
in the election of Representatives to Congress.
I desire to hear that question discussed. Ten
days ago I offered gentlemen on the other side
a chance to discuss it, and they voted solidly
against taking that offer or challenge. I then
desired, and so notified the House, to offer a
substitute for the Senate bill, which embraced
everything embraced in this amendment, and
I was again met by a solid Democratic vote
against me. And now gentlemen come and
raise the miserable quibble that there is some
constitutional privilege invaded here, because
the Senate has introduced an amendment to
enlarge or restrict the terms and effect of an
appropriation, while it is in accordance with
the practice^ of this Government under every
Administration and in every Congress since
it was a Government. In the original text of
the bill was the provision for the expenses
which may be incurred in the enforcement of
the act of February 28, 1871, and thereupon,
the House having incorporated that provision
in its appropriation and having appropriated
money to carry out the act, the Senate, accord-
ing to all usage, introduces amendments re-
stricting, limiting, and prescribing the effect
of the appropriation to the particular act.
I consider the question gentlemen have seen
fit to raise now is a question as important as
any that can arise under the Constitution of
the country, and I propose to fight it out with
them ; and that is whether, after refusing in
the regular course of business to take up the
independent Senate bill and consider it, and
record their united votes against it, refusing to
allow the Judiciary Committee to report a
substitute for that bill, correcting its verbal
errors, they are to come here now, under the
pretense of taking care of the Constitution,
and taking care of the rights of the people,
and inaugurate here in this Hall a treason as
disreputable, as dishonorable, as unconstitu-
tional, and as damning as that treason which
was inaugurated .twelve years ago by the bay
onet 
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a point of
order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield.
Mr. MORGAN, amid cries of " order,"
great confusion, and the repeated rapping of .
the Speaker's gavel, made some remarks
which were inaudible at the reporters' desk.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] is out of order.
