856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
not force oars to meet and mingle with them
around the mental board, where the fair-
haired child must sit side by side with the
negro children from six to sixteen years.
Virginia will do justice to the colored man,
but money cannot purchase her to the prin-
ciples of this bill. Offer to return to hef all
the rich domain she gave you; lay at her
feet all the proceeds of the public lands and
the wealth of the whole country as the price
of social equality, and that grand old State,
with majestic mien and escutcheon untar-
nishedj will proudly say, "We give the col-
ored race equal political and legal rights, but
social equality, never 1 never! never!"
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STORM. I now yield for a brief time to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Comingo,]
Mr. COMINGO asked and obtained leave
to print remarks on the pending bill. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. STORM. I hope that if this bill does
pass it will pass in the best possible shape,
and I hope, therefore, that, the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, pro-
viding that the instruction given in the schools
which are to receive a share in this distri-
bution shall be in the English language, will
not prevail. We know, sir, that there are
between live and six million people in this
country speaking the German language. It is
unjust to them, unjust to a class of industrious,
sober, intelligent people, who have that lan-
guage as the only medium by which they can
realize the benefits of this hill. In the State
of Pennsylvania there are a great many schools
in which the instruction is given almost entirely
in the German language, and if the bill should
pass with this amendment those schools and
that class of people will be deprived of the
privileges of this bill.
Mr. Speaker, we have not had in the course
of this discussion an authoritative statement
of the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands which will lie distributed under this hill.
I hold in my hand a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office in which he
gives an approximate statement of what the
net piocecds would be. The statement is for
seven years ending with the last of June, 1871,
and the net proceeds in those years amounted
to $8,(!!8,K77. From this, lie s.iys in his letter
communicating the statement, must be deducted
the live per cent, fund going to the laud States.
Here is his statement:
Acreft. Proceed#.
To June 30, 1S05  557.202.03  7- 8,426 .35
To Juno :;tt. ISiii;  3SS,2U.45 501,2!)!) 97
I'll .June ]sc>7  1,071,70(5 ()5
To Juno :ift, 18t«  911.yil.33 1,2S.),450 9ii
To June 30, J8i>9  2,8!)!t,Ml.oO 4,055,1!)" 35
To .Juno 30, 1870  2,liW.5J5.8t 3,123,<177 39
To June 30, 1871  1,389,982.57 2,389,982 37
a.Otili.llO.IO 13,235,741 01
Deduct expenses of district land
oil) ccs:
To June ,'50. 1863  $100,070 05
To Juno S0, IBuG   182,R>3 09
To June 30, 1S(>7  90,001 24
To June :;o, isijs  iu2,m G4
To June oO,   46
To June HO, JS70  161,886 88
To Juno JiO, 1871  130,241 19
Pro ra(ri oi the cost of
fui vcy, the expenses of
the offices of surveyor
general, and aiso of t ho
Uenernl Land Office,
from 1865 to 1871  3,727,274 19
  4.61C.SC3 74
Net proceeds $8,618,877 30
Now, saying nothing of salaries and other
deductions, we would only have the sum of
SI,175,000 annually. Under such circum-
stances we cannot possibly have more to be
distributed under this bill than $000,000.
ihoso $000,000 would have to be divided
among a population of more than thirty-
eight millions, and it is a simple subject of
calculation what would be the amount each
inhabitant would receive. It would not be
more -than a cent and a half to each head.
Now, that is the humbug that is attempted to
be palmed off on this House and the country
as a "stimulus" to education.
I want it understood that there are gentle-
men here making the representation that the
laboring classes of the country are asking for
this legislation. And I want the laboring
classes to understand that if this bill passes
in the present shape, all that each man,
woman, and child in this country would
receive under it would be less than one and
one half cent.
It is said that this bill will "consecrate"
forever the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands for the education of the people. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabaroer] waxed
eloquent on that subject. When I consider
the past legislation of this House I am con-
strained to believe that not only will this fund
have to be consecrated, but the hearts of some
who have voted to give away a large part of the
public lands will have to be consecrated also
before you can protect this fund. I recollect
distinctly that on the 21st of March, 1870, the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Molman] offered
in this House the following resolution:
"Retched, That in the' judgment of this IIouso
tho policy of granting subsidies in public lands to
railroad and other corporations ought to bo discon-
tinued."
That resolution was adopted by the unani-
mous vote of this House. And yet within one
year we see the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] and my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. TownsendJ voting to give away
over sixteen million acres of the public lands,
and the President signed the bill. If, then,
gentlemen can repudiate solemn declarations
like that within one year, what effect will
the passage of this bill have in " consecrating"
this fund for the purpose of free education?
None whatever. It is perfectly farcical to
talk about making this fund sacred by legis-
lation.
The gentleman speaks of that ''dark " and
"doleful" night. Sir, it was a dark night for
this country when he voted to give away the
largest body of public lands ever given away
by Congress at any one time. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. SiiellabaugerJ voted for
that hill. It was a dark night, for such deeds
require darkness because they are evil. Catiline
and Macbeth preferred darkness too.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. But-
ler] says that the people of his State are
illiterate. Well, 1 will have no dispute with the
the gentleman upon that subject. 1 will take it
for granted that he states the fact correctly.
1 think it likely that it is so, and the Commis-
sioner of Education says that illiteracy and dis-
honesty go together; and if you are to believe
the reports coming up from the courts of Ten-
nessee, and from this district, ignorance is
producing its legitimate results there.
I am informed—and if I am incorrectly in-
formed the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Boiler] can correct me—that he himself was
a member of the rebel Legislature of Tennes-
see in 1861, and that lie voted to transfer the
assets of the Bank of Tennessee to the State
of Georgia, there being at that time in the
vaults of that bank §800,000 of the school
fund of that State. The rebels had that fund
for four years, and then $650,000 of it was
returned to the State of Tennessee. And
the gentleman [Mr. Boiler] and his party in
less than two years did what the rebels, under
the most trying circumstances, did not do-
squandered the balance.
Mr. Speaker, I contend that this bill does
force mixed schools upon the South. The bill
says the schools must be free. Should any
State establish one set of schools for the
whites and another for the blacks, the Radi-
cals of the country will denounce it as vio-
lating the fourteenth amendment, which pro-
vides in its first section that " no State shall
make or enforce any law which shall abridge
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States. " And the construction which
this House placed upon this clause in the de-
bate on the Ku Klux bill, justifies my assertion.
In less than a year it will have to encounter
Mr. Sumner's supplementary civil rights bill,
now pending in the Senate, which will pro-
hibit the separation of the races, either in the
railroad cars, steamboats, churches, theaters,
or schools. It provides:
Sec.—'.That all citizens of the United States, with-
out distinction of race, oolor, or previous condition
of servitude, are entitled to the equal and impar-
tial enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by common carriers,
whether on Land or water; by inn keepers; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusements; by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, tcachers, or other offi-
cers of common schools and other public institutions
of learning, the same being supported by moneys
derived from general taxation or authorized by law;
by trustees or officers of church organizations, ceme-
tery associations, and benevolent institutions incor-
porated by national or State authority; and this
right shall not bo denied or abridged on any pre-
tense of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude.
Sue. —. That any person violating the foregoing
provision, or aiding in its violation, or inciting
thereto, shall, for every such offense, forfeit and pay
the sum of $500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to
bo recovered in an action on tho case, with full costs
and such allowanco for counsel fees as the court shall
deem just, and shall also for every such offense be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon convic-
tion thereof, shall bo fined not less than $500 nor moro
than $1,000, and shall be imprisoned not less than
thirty days normorothan oneyear; andany corpor-
ation, association, or individual holding a charter
or license under national or State authority violat-
ing the aforesaid provision shall, upon conviction
thereof, lorteit such charter or licensc, and any
person assuming to use or continuing to act under
such charter or license thus forfeited, or aiding in
the samCj or inciting thereto, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall be fined not less than $1,000 nor more than
$5,000, and shall be imprisoned not less than three
nor more than seven years, and both the corporate
and joint property of such corporation or association
shall be held liable for the forfeitures, tines, and
penalties incurred by any violation of tho first sec-
tion of this act.
Sec.—. Thatevery law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom, whether national or State, incon-
sistent with this act, or making anydiscriuiinations
against any peison on account of color, by the use of
the word "white," is hereby repealed and annulled.
Mr. Sumner, in his debate on this bill on
the lGth day of January last, says separation
implies one thing for a white man and another
thing for a colored person ; a substitute with
liirn is not equality. Here are his precise
words:
" Then comes the other excuse, which finds equal-
ity in separation. Separate hotels, separate con-
veyances, separate theaters, separate schools, sep-
arate institutions of learning and science, separate
churches, and separate cemeteries—these are the
artificial substitutes for equality; and this is the
contrivance by which a transcendent right, involv-
ing a transcendent duty, is evaded; for equality is
not only a right but a duty.
"IIow vain to argue that there is no denial of
equal rights when this separation is enforced. The
substitute is invariably an inferior article. Does
any Senator deny it? Therefore, it is not equality
At best it is an equivalent only; but no equivalent
is equality. Separation implies one thing for a
white person and another thing for a colored per-
son ; but equality is where all have tho same alike.
There can be no substitute for equality; nothing
but itself. Even if accommodations are the same,
as notoriously tbey are not, there is no equal-
ity. In tho process of substitution the vital elixir
exhales and escapes. It is lost and cannot be re-
covered; for equality is found only in equality.
Naught but itself ciin bo its parallel;' but Senators
undertake to find parallels in other things.
" The common school tails naturally into the same
category. Liko the others it must be open to all or
its designation is a misnomer and a mockery. It is
not a school for whites or a school for blacks, but a
sehool_ for all; in other words a common school.
Much is implied in this term, according to which the
school harmonizes with the other institutions already
mentioned. It is an inn where children rest on the
road to knowledge. It is a public conveyance where
children are passengers. It is a theater where chil-
dren resort lor enduring recreation. Like the others
it assumes to provide for tho public; therefore it
must be open to all; nor can there be any exclusion
except on grounds equally applicable to the inn, the
public conveyance, and the theater."
All of which the Radical party in this House
are ready to indorse.
_ Mr. Speaker, a few isolated instances were
cited here in debate to prove that this bill
which gives away all the proceeds of the public
lands and establishes a system of education in
