3544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior in such maimer and for such objects as
he shall deem for the beat interests of said Indians
in advancing them in civilization and scouring
their permanent settlement. The Secretary of the
Interior is hereby empowered to cause an enumer-
ation to be made of the Black Bob band of Shawneo
Indians, in order to determine who are entitled to
the benefits of the provisions of this act.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say in a
word that this is a matter which has been the
subject of great confusion in regard to titles in
my State and a great deal of trouble. We have
never been able to come to any satisfactory
conclusion in reference to the sale of these
lands, or in regard to the rights of settlers, or
in regard to the rights of purchasers. While
this bill is not entirely satisfactory to me, nor
perhaps to the people 1 represent, yet it is a
compromise; it is a settlement. The subject
has been in dispute for a long time, and my
colleague and myself think we had better let
this bill pass as it is, although there can be
some objections made to it.
Mr. CALDWELL. I simply desire to say
before the bill passes that I suppose it will be
impossible to get a bill entirely satisfactory to
the Indians and the settlers; and while this
bill does not suit me exactly, I am not dis-
posed to interfere with it, for I want the mat-
ter settled in some shape.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
title to lands in dakota.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 1045.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1045) to quiet the
title to certain lands in Dakota Territory.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee report an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to examine and report to Congress what
title or interest the Sisseton and Wuhpeton bands
of Sioux Indians have to any portion of the land
mentioned and particularly des-cribed in the second
article of the treaty made and concluded with said
bands of Indiana on the 19th day of February, 1S67,
and afterward amended, ratified, and proclaimed on
the 2d day of May, of the same year, or by virtue of
any other law or treaty whatsoever, excepting such
rights as were secured to said bands of Indians by
the third and fourth articles of said treaty, as a
'permanent reservation:" and whether any, and,
if any, what, compensation ought, in justice and
equity, to be made to said bands of Indians, respect-
ively, for the extinguishment of whatever title
they may have to said lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
tribal relations of miami indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1535.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish
the tribal relation of the Miami Indians, and
for other purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. There is an amendment
reported to this bill in the nature of a substi-
tute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sub-
stitute alone will be reported if there be no
objection.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, which was
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and to insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing;
That if the Miami tribe of Indians in Kansas shall
signify to the President of the United States their
desire to sell the lands reserved for the future homes
of the said Indians by the first article osf the treaty
of June 5,1854, and which remain unallotted, to-
gether with the school section mentioned in said
article, said lands shall be disposed of in the following
manner, to wit: the said Secretary shall appoint
three disinterested and competent persons, who
shall, after being duly sworn to perform said service
faithfully and impartially, personally examine and
appraise said lands by legal subdivisions of one hun-
dred and sixty acres or less, separately, and make
return thereof to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs: Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior
may, in his discretion, set aside any appraisements-
that may be made under the provisions of this act,
and cause a new appraisement to be made: And
provided further, That in makingsaid appraisement
the land and improvements made by the United
States and Indians shall be included, and the im-
provements made hy white settlers shall be excluded
in determining an estimate of the value thereof.
Sec. 2. That each bona-fide settler occupying any
portion of said lands atthedatoofthe pnssageof this
act, and having made valuable improvements there-
on, or the heirs at law of such, who is a citizen ot the
United States, or who has declared his intention to
become such, snail be entitled, at any time within one
year from the return of said appraisement, to pur-
chase, tor cash, the land so occupied and improved
by him, not to excced one hundred and sixty acres
in each case, at tho appraised value thereof, under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the.
Interior may pie&cribe. And on failure to make
payment within one year from the date of said ap-
proval of appraisement, the right of such settler to
purchase as aforesaid shall cease, and it shall bethe
duty of the Secretary of tho Interior to sell the
same, either at public sale or on sealed bids, for
cash, to the highest bidder, at not less than the ap-
praised value, nor less than $1 25 per acre, after due
notico by public advertisement. -And all lands re-
ferred to in this and the foregoing sections not so
occupied and improved by settlers at the date of the
approval of this act shall be appraised by said ap-
praisers, including all improvements thereon of
every character, and sold by direction of the Secre-
ary of tho luterior to tho highest bidder, for cash,
after due advertisement, either at public sale or on
sealed bids, at not less than the appraised value,
nor less than $1 25 per acrc as aforesaid, in quan-
tities not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres
aforesaid.
Sec. 3. That if any adult member of said tribe
shall desire to become a citizen ot the United States,
shall prove by at least two .competent witnesses, to
the satisfaction of tho circuit court of the United
States lor the State ol Kansas, that ho or she is suffi-
ciently intelligent and prudent to manage his or her
own affairs, and has, for the period of five years,
been able to maintain himself or herself and family,
and has adopted the habits of civilized life, and shall
take an oath of allegiance to tho United States, as
provided by law for the naturalization of aliens, he
or she shall be declared by said court to be a citizen
of the United States, which shall be entered of record,
and a certificate thereof given to said party. On the
presentation of said certificate to tho Secretary of
the Interior, with satisfactory proof of identity, he
may, at the request ot such person or persons, cause
the lands severally held by them and their minor
children to be conveyed to them by patent in fee-
siinple, without the power of alienation, and may,
at his discretion, cause to be paid to them, from time
to time, their proportion of all the moneys and
effects of said tribe held for them by the United
States,or which may be received as the net proceeds
of the sales of lands under the provisions of this act;
after which said" Indians and their minor children
shall cease to be members of any Indian tribe ; but
the lands so patented to them shall not bo subject to
levy, taxation, or sale during the natural lives of
said Indians or of their minor children.
Skc. 4. That the Secretary of the Interior shall, in
ninety days from the passage of this act, cause to
be taken a census of all the Miami Indians entitled
to a share in the reservtd lands and the moneys set
apart by the treaty between the United States and
the Miami Indians, dated June 5,185-i, for that part
of the tribe known as Western Miamies ; butin
such census none shall he included unless justly
entitled according to the provisions of said treaty;
and with said census there shall also be made two
lists, one containing the names of all the Indians
so entitled who may elect to become citizens of the
United States, and their minor children, (heads of
families choosing,) the other the names of all who
elect to remain under tho care of the United States,
and to unite with the Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and
Piankeshaw Indians in the Indian territory, ac-
cording to the provisions of a contract dated Janu-
ary 15, 1872, between the Western Miami Indians,
of Kansas, of one part, and said Wea, Peoria, Kas-
kaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians, of the other part,,
and their minor children ; which census and lists
shall be filed m the office of the Secretary of the
Interior, and which census and lists, when properly
taken and filed as aforesaid, shall be approved by
the Secretary of the Interior, and thenceforward
those whose names are on the citizens'list shall be
treated and regaided, in all respects, as citizens of
the United States: Provided, That they become
citizens and comply with the provisions of the
tourth section of this act relating to naturalization.
Sec. 5. That the said Secretary shall cause to be
appraised, as provided in this act in relation to
unallotted lands of said Miami Indians, each and
all the tracts of land allotted to said Miami Indians
of Kansas, and their minor children, who do not
become citizens of the United States under the fore-
going provisions of this act, including all improve-
ments, specifying separately the value of any im-
provements made by each of said allottees on his
said lands, and cause the same to be sold to the
highest bidder, as hereinbefore provided, giving no
preference to the bids of settlers thereon. And
from the proceeds of such sales the Secretary of the
Interior shall cause to be paid to each allottee the
appraised value of his said improvements. The
proceeds of the sales of said allotted and unallotted
lands, including said school section, and all moneys,
securities, annnities, and effects held by the United
States for said Miami Indians of Kansas; after mak-
ing the foregoing deductions for citizen Indians aud
theirminorchildren, and thevalueof improvements
on the allotted landsof the non-citizen Indians, shall
belong to and be the exclusive property of the last-
named Indians, to be known as their consolidated
fund.
Skc, 6. That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized and directed to examine a contract made
hy and between the said Western Miami Indians of
Kansas, and the confederated Wea, Peoria, Kas-
kaskia. and Piankeshaw Indians made on the 15th
day of January, A. D. 1872, and to approve the
same with such modifications as justice and equity
may require; and, for tho purpose of carrying into
effect said agreement, may withdraw from said con-
solidated fund and pay to the confederated Wea,
Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians, a sum
sufficient to pay said Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and
Piankeshaw Indians, according to said contract of
the 15th of January aforesaid, for an interest in the
lands of said last-named confederated tribe, for all
of said Miamies, electing as aforesaid to unite with
said confederated tribe; and after making such
payment, there shall he set apart and capitalized
with the funds ot said Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and
Piankeshaw Indians, a sum sufficients warrant and
justify all said Miamies so entitled, and so electing,
to unite with said Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Pi-
ankeshaw India ns in drawing thereafter like annui-
ties with said Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Pianke-
shaw Indians, without prejudice to the rights and
interests ol said last-named Indians; and the re-
mainder of such consolidated fund shall then be
tfaid (under like direction) per capita to all those so
entitled, and &o electing to unite with said Wea,
Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians, to aid
them in moving to and improving their new homes
in the territory; and after their union with said
confederated Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Pianke-
shaw Indians, the united tribe shall be called the
United Peorias andMiamie?, and thereafter shall all
draw equal and alike annuities, according to the
provisions of said contract of the 15th of January,
A. D. 1872, and such modifications as may be agreed
to by said contracting parties, with the approval of
said Secretary, as herein provided.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 5, section four,
line twenty-seven of the amendment, after the
word "the," I move to insert the words
"third and."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I desire to make an in-
quiry in regard to this bill before a vote is
taken. This is a substitute as I understand
for the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. BOREMAN. There has been a delega-
tion of these Indians from Kausas here during
the winter. They called upon me some time
since and expressed great dissatisfaction at the
provisions of the House bill, and I should like
to understand in what particular this substi-
tute differs from the House bill. They are
here yet, and express a great deal of solicitude
about this legislation. They said the bill
passed by the House did them great injustice.
Mr. POMEROY. I am in a great hurry to
take up bills from my committee, but I can
answer the Senator in a moment. This is an
entire substitute for the House bill. It is not,
I suppose, entirely satisfactory to any party.
It does not satisfy the settlers entirely, but it
is a compromise. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have had great patience; they have
heard all parties j they have examined the
subject for a month, and this is the best con-
clusion they could arrive at af&er a long and
patient hearing. I could amend the bill so
that I think it would be better, but I will not
move to amend it now, because it has got to go
back to the House and it may be subject to
amendment there.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
what number he understands is included in
the Miamies west, the Kansas Miamies?
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Kansas probably can tell. Not more
