1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2649
in line nine to strike out "four" and insert
" twoso as to read :
Sec. [1671165. That therateof United States postage
on mail mattersentto orreeeived tromforeign coun-
tries with which different rates have not been estab-
lished by postal convention or other arrangement,
when forwarded by vessels regularly employed in
transporting the mail, shall be ten cents for each
half ounce or fraction thereof oil letters, unless re-
duced by order of thePostmasterGeneral; twocents
each on newspapers ; and not exceeding two cents
per each two ounces, or fraction thereof, on pam-
phlets, periodicals, books, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 68, to
insert the following as an additional section:
Sec. 170. That to facilitate letter correspondence
and provide for the transmission in the mails, at a
reduced rate of postage, of messages, orders, notices,
and other short communications, either printed or
written in pencil or ink, the Postmaster General be,
and ho is hereby, authorized and directed to furnish
and issue to the public, with postage stamps im-
pressed upon them, "postal cards," manufactured
of good stiff paper, of such quality, form, and size as
he shall deem best adapted for general use; which
cards shall be used as a means of postal intercourse,
under rules and regulations to be prescribed by the
Postmaster Genoral, and when so used shall be trans-
m.tted through the mails at a postage charge of one
cent each, including the cost ot their manufacture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout, on
pages 65 and 66, sections one hundred and
seventy-seven, one hundred and seventy-eight,
and one hundred and seventy-nine, in the fol-
lowing words:
Sec. 177. That any person who shall willfully re-
move, attempt to remove, or cause to be removed,
irom any postage stamp or stamped envelope, the
canceling or defacing marks thereon, with intent
1o useor cause the use of the same the second time,
or sell or offer to sell the same; any person who shall
knowingly use, or prepare for use, or give or expose
to any person to be used, or buy or sell or oner lor
sale any such washed or restored stamps or stamped
envelopes; any person who shall remove from any
mail matter the stamps attached to thesame in pay-
ment of postage, with intent to use the same a sec-
ond time, or to sell, or offer to sell the same; every
f-uch person, being employed in any department ot
the postal service, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be imprisoned
not more than three years; and every such person,
not being employed in any department ot the postal
service, shall, upon conviction thereof,be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and for every such oflense
shall be imprisoned not more than one year, or be
fined not more than $500, or be both imprisoned and
filSsc 178. That any person employed in any branch
of She postal service, who shall willfully and unlaw-
fully remove from any mail matter any postage
stamp affixed therto m payment ot the postage,
shall on conviction thereof, for every such onenso,
be fined not more than $100, or be imprisoned not
more than six months, according to the circum-
stances and aggravation ot the offense.
179. Thatany person whoshaUuse, or attempt
to use" for the conveyance of any mail matter, either
bv mail or otherwise, any postage-stamp or stamped
envelope, or any stamp cut from any such stamped
envelope, which has been used before for a like pur-
pose, shall forfeit and pay fifty dollars.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Sec. 176. That any person employed in any branch
of the postal service, who shall willfully and unlaw-
fully remove from, any mail matter any postage
stamp affixed thereto in payment of the postage,
shall, on conviction thereof, for every such otiensc,
be lined not more than $100, or be imprisoned not
more than six months, at the discretion of the court.
Sec 177. Thatany person who shall use, or attempt
to use in payment of the postage, or any mail mat-
ter conveyed, by mail or otherwise, any posouge
stamp or stamped envelope, or any stamp cut from
any such stamped envelope which
used for a like purpose, shall forfeit and pay nity
dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The words " postal cards"
should be inserted wherever they occur all the
way through without specifying them in each
^Xhe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cole
in the chair.) That will be done if there be
no objection.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 72, to insert the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 190. That all postmasters are hereby author-
ized to register, in the manner presc:"bed by toe
thirty-seeond section of the act approved March ^
1863, entitled " An act to amend the laws relating to
the Post Office Department," and the regain,hons of
the said Department, issued m pursuance thereof,
but without payment of any registration fee, all
letters containing fractional or other currency of
the United States, which shall bo by them sent by
mail to the Treasurer of the United States for re-
demption ; and it shall be the duty of the post-
master at the city of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, to register, in like manner, without
charge, allletters containing new currency returned
for currency redeemed, which sha.ll be 'received by
him from the said Treasurer, in sealed packages,
marked with the word "register" over the official
signature of the said Treasurer.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend that
section by adding the words:
Provided, however. That in no case shall the Uni-
ted States be considered as liable for the loss of
money so transmitted by mail. Any such loss shall
fall on the person to or from whom the same is
transmitted.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is usual to let the com-
mittee go through with their amendments first.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope tlie chairman will
accept the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is a good
amendment; but you ought not to charge the
loss to the party to whom the thing is sent.,
but to the party sending it.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will listen
to the reading of the amendment I think he
will be satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to reserve
the question for action in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be acted on, and
the amendment can be reserved in the Senate
for a separate vote.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not understand the
system of reserving. It goes into the Senate
necessarily.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then it is all the same.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope advantage will not
be taken of my absence when the bill is re-
ported.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion one hundred and ninety-six, on page 173,
in the following words:
Sec. 196. That all domestic letters, deposited in
any post office for mailing, on which the postage i-s
wholly unpaid, cxcept letters lawfully free, and
duly certified letters of soldiers, sailors, and marines
in the service of the United States, shall be sent by
the postmaster to the dead-letter offico in Washing-
ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was on page 74, to
insert the following as an additional section :
Sec. 195. That all domestic letters, deposited in
any post office for mailing, on which the postage is
wholly unpaid or paid less than one lull rate as re-
quired by Iaw, except letters lawiully tree, and duly
certified letters of soldiers, sailors, and marines in
the service of the United States, shall be sent, by the
postmaster to the dead-letter offico Washington :
Provided, Thnt in large cities and adjacent districts
of dense population having two or more post offices
within a distance of three miles of each other, any
letter mailed at one of such offices and addressed to
a locality within the delivery of another of such
offices, which shall have been inadvertently prepaid
at the drop or local loiter rate of postage only, may
be forwarded to its destination through the proper
office, charged with double the amount of the den-
cient postage, to be collected on delivery.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 75, sec
tion [two hundred and one] two hundred, to
strike out after the word "section" <£ two
hundred and twenty," and insert "two huu
dred and nineteen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 78, sec
tion [two hundred and fourteen] two hundred
and thirteen, line three, to strike out.the word
" printed' and insert "mailable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 82, sec-
tion [two hundred and twenty-eight] two hun-
dred and twenty-seven, line one, after " route
agent " to insert il postal clerk.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
section [two hundred and thirty] two huudred
and twenty-nine, line four, to strike out the
word "any."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 83, sec-
tion [two hundred and thirty-three] two hun-
dred and thirty-two, after the word '' section,"
in line ten, to strike out "two hundred and
forty-one" and insert "two hundred and
forty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was oil page 84, sec-
tion [two hundred and thirty-five] two hun-
dred and thirty-four, after the word " sec-
tion," in line six, to strike out " two huudred
and forty-one" aud insert " two hundred and
forty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 90, sec-
tion two hundred and fifty, [two hundred and
fifty-one,] line six, after the word "notify,"
to strike out tlio words "next lowest," and
insert "ail tneothers ; " and after " bidders,"
in line seven, strike out "in the order of their
bids, beginning at the lowest;'' so as to read:
That when any bidder, after notice of the accept-
ance of his proposal for carrying tho mail on any
post route, shall fail to enter into the required obli-
gation within the time prescribed, notice thereof
sli.ill bo given and proceedings had thereon, the
same as at the letting of tho original contracts, or
the Postmaster Geneial may notify all the other
bidders, and Invito theui to narry the mail at the
terms offered in theirpropopals.as.in his judgment,
the good ot the service may require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 92, sec-
tion [two hundred and fifty four] two hundred
and fifty-three, line four, to strike oat " two
hundred and fitty-six " and insert " two hun-
dred and fifty five; " to strike out "two hun-
dred and fifty-seven" and insert "two hun-
dred and fifty six ;" and after " two hundred
and (ifly-six," to strike out " or to enter into
a contract at any other time than at the annual
letting; " so that the section will read :
Ski;. [254) 253. That wheneverit becomes necessary
to change tho terms of an existing contract for car-
rying the mail otherwise than as provided in sec-
tions two hundred and fifty-five and two hundred
and fiits'-six, notion thereof shall be given and pro-
ceedings had thereon the same as at the letting of
original contracts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
section two hundred and fifty-four, [two hun-
dred and fifty-live,] to strike out the word
"it" after "executed," and insert " his con-
tract."
The amendment was agrped to.
The next amendment was on page 94, sec-
tion [two hundred and sixty] two hundred
and fifty-nine, at the end of the section, to
strike out "or any other route supplying the
same offices."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 90, sec-
tion [two hundred and sixty eight ] two hun-
dred and sixty-seven, line five, to strike out the
words a "joint resolution of" before " Con-
gress."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [two
hundred and sixty-nine] two hundred and
sixty-eight, to strike out the words " the joint
resolution of" before "Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amondment was on page 100,
section [two hundred and seventy-five] two
hundred and seventy-four, after the word
"envelope," in line twelve, to insert "postal
card."
The amendment was agreed to.
Sir. POMEKOY. The words "postalcard"
often occur. Let, these words be adopted
wherever they occur.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Wherever
"postalcard" is proposed to be inserted it
will be considered as agreed to, to make the
bill conform.
