1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4441
Mr. BINGHAM. When gentlemen come
and parade the Constitution against legislation
for the equal rights of citizens duly qualified
to vote at congressional elections, I propose
to strip the cover off of all such pretenses. I
say here and now, and stand ready to make it
good before the tribunal of history and the
great tribunal of the American people, that
the proposition pretended to be set up here
of the right of the minority to stay indefinitely
the right of the majority to legislate is as dis-
graceful, as dishonorable 
Mr. MORGAN. I brand it as a lie 
And as treasonable as
I say it is a foul slan-
Mr. BINGHAM.
that other pretext-
Mr. MORGAN.
der- 
[The remainder of the remark, amid con-
fusion and the noise of the Speaker's gavel,
was not heard by the reporters.]
Mr. STEVENSON. T ask that the words
of my colleague [Mr. Morgan] be taken down.
Mr. BECK and other members. Take
them down on both sides.
The SPEAKER. If the rules be violated
again, the Chair will direct the Sergeant-at-
Arms to take into custody whoever may be
guilty of it. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] demands that the words of his
colleague [Mr. Morgan] be taken down.
Mr. HEREFORD. And also the words of
the gentleman on the other side, [Mr. Bing-
ham.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
West Virginia demands that the words of the
gentleman from Ohio on the other side [Mr.
Bingham] be also taken down.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I think the
country will hold you responsible if you do
not cause parties creating disorder in this way
to be arrested.
The SPEAKER. The language in contro-
versy will be written out by the reporters and
ruled upon by the Chair.
After a pause, during which the language in
question was transcribed by the Globe report-
ers, the Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Bingham. I say here and now, and stand
ready to make it good before the tribunal of history
and the great tribunal of the American people, that
the proposition pretended to be set up here of the
right of the minority to stay indefinitely the right
of the majority to legislate is as disgraceful, as dis-
honorable 
" Mr. Morgan. I brand it as a lie 
" Mr. Bikgham. And as treasonable as thatother
pretext ■
"Mr. Morgan. I say it is a foul slander 
"[The remainder of the remark, amid confusion
and the noise of the Speaker's gavel, was not heard
by the reporters.]"
Mr. GETZ. The language of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] preceding
what has been read by the Clerk is what was
chiefly objected to on this side.
Mr. DAWES. The exact words used by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] are
not of so much consequence; his violation
of order was as much in his constant inter-
ruptions of the gentleman on the floor as in
the words he used.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
state before making his ruling that the gentle-
man from Ohio in front of the Chair [Mr.
Bingham] was entitled to the floor uDder the
rules of the House. If he violated the rules
of decorum or of parliamentary privilege .in
debating the question, it was the right of any
gentleman upon the floor to arrest his remarks
by calling him to order. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] who interrupted him did
it without any possible right to the floor. He
had no more right to interrupt him as he did
than with a bludgeon to strike at the gentle-
man. He had no pretense of being entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order. . .
The SPEAKER. The Chair is upon one
question of order now. The gentleman from
Wisconsin will please observe that the Chair
has-the prior right-—— ■
Mr. ELDREDGE. I was not aware of any
question of order being raised.
The SPEAKER. What is the question if
it is not a question of order? It is a question
of order of the highest character. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who was
on the floor under the rules, could have been
called to order for any language he may have
used in violation of the rules. After the de-
mand was made that the words be taken
down, the Chair, according to the strict letter
of the rule, might have then made his ruling;
but he did not do so. He now rules that the
language used by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] who had the right to the floor,
was not unparliamentary.
Mr. GETZ. The language to which we
particularly object has not been read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only rules on
that before the House. The Clerk will again
read the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.]
The Clerk again read the extract from the
report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state 
Mr. ELDREDGE. Before the Chair makes
his ruling, I desire to raise a question of order
antecedent to the one now pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. ELDREDGE. When the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] first used the lan-
guage to which we objected, I rose and called
him to order and commenced to demand that
his words be taken down. The confusion pre-
vented me from completing my sentence.
The SPEAKER. Confusion on which side
of the House ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. On all sides, and the
gavel of the Speaker, if you please. For that
reason I was not heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman lost no
right by that, because the Chair understood
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. "Beck] to
demand that the words of the gentleman from
Ohio be taken down. They have been taken
down, and the Chair has ruled upon them.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The language to which
I objected preceded the language which the
Clerk has read. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] repeated his remark, and it
has been read only in the form in which he
last uttered it.
The SPEAKER. Iu order that there may
be no possible fault found with any ruling of
the Chair, the Chair will direct the reporters
of the House to furnish what immediately
preceded what has been read.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman used
words 
The SPEAKER. It is not for the gentle-
man from Wisconsin to say what words the
gentleman used; it is for the official reporters
of the House to furnish them. The Clerk will
now read the language which the gentleman
from Wisconsin desired to have taken down as
it has been furnished by the reporters, and
the Chair will rule on it after it has been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
'' Mr. Bingham. I consider the question gentlemen
have seen fit to raise now is a Question as important
as any that can arise under the Constitution of the
country, and I propose to fight it out with them ;
and that is, whether, after refusing in the regular
course of business to take up the independent ben-
ate bill and consider it and record their united votes
against it, refusing to allow the Judiciary Commit-
tee to report a substitute for that bill, correcting its
verbal errors, they are to come here now under the
pretense of taking care of the Constitution and
taking care of the rights of tho people and inaugu-
r&to hore in this Ha.ll a treason as disreputable,_ as
dishonorable, as unconstitutional, and as damning
as that treason which was inaugurated twelve years
ago by the bayonet" 
Mr. BECK and other members. That is
right 
" Mr. Eldrepge. I rise to a point of order.
" Mr. Bingham. I do notyield."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
this language transcends the bounds of debate,
and rules that it is not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to be allowed to
state to the House exactly what provoked that
language and then the House can pronounce
upon it.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House
require that when language has been objected
to and ordered to be taken down, and the
ruling of the Chair is that those words are not
parliamentary, the gentleman using them shall
not be allowed to proceed except by leave of
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] be allowed to pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. BROOKS. I desiretosayjustoneword.
Mr. L. MYERS'. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to state very briefly
why I object to the gentleman going on in order.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able ; it must be settled without debate, sum-
marily.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is allowed to proceed in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know whether it is not in
order to have the ruling of the Chair on the
language of the other gentleman from. Ohio,
[Mr. Morgan.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
the language was not parliamentary, and that
the proceeding was disorderly, and not within
the rules.
Mr. DAWES. And that depended not
merely upon the words he used, but upon his
persistency in interrupting the debate.
Mr. BROOKS. He was justified in using
the language he did when we were accused of
treason.
Mr. RANDALL. That accusation coming,
too, from the source it did.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
entitled to the floor will state whether he
yields to his colleague.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no ; I desire to go on.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to inquire of the Chair whether
there is any remedy which shall prevent one
gentleman from interrupting and insulting
another on this floor?
Mr. DAWES. The Speaker has power to
order the arrest of any gentleman who violates
the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will prevent
any gentleman from proceeding out of order
so far as the gavel will do it.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the Chair will not
resort to that mode of enforcing the rules, but
w&l cause the arrest of any one who persists
in violating the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must be the
judge of how he will maintain the order of
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I think a gentleman attempt-
ing to do that should be ordered by the
Speaker to be arrested, and not allowed to
run a race with the gavel.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] will proceed in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say here to
the House that none of the words uttered by
me that have excited this disturbance ou the
floor of the House would have dropped from
my lips but for the arraignment made by the
honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] 'tq which I was immediately reply-
ing. I desire to say further, here and now,
without intending the slightest reflection upon
the accuracy of the reporters, that what I
uttered here was as ipapersonal as ever
was utterance on this floor. And I have yet
to learn that any gentleman has the right,
because I mak§ an impersonal rework iibou^
