4442
THE CONGEESSIOJtfAIi GLOBE.
June 8,
a proposition or a question, to say that I am
insulting him. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] exercised the same priv-
ilege. I knew be was incapable of intending
any personal wrong to me, or to any of his
associates on this floor. And I beg leave to
say to him now that I hold myself incapable
of any such wrongful intention also.
But I may be allowed now to be understood,
as it is manifest I was not understood, in
maintaining my position herebefore the House,
to say that it is not the privilege of the minority
indefinitely to suspend—"indefinitely" was
the word 1 used—the right of the majority of
the Representatives of the American people to
legislate. I remembered with great regret
when, without experience in the business of
legislation, sixteen years ago, I saw this sort
of delay go on. But I then heard no intima-
tion that the majority would never be permitted
to have a vote. I joined with them in protest
from my own s4defor some two or three weeks.
The (Speaker's hammer fell at the hour ap-
Sointed for the final adjournment of the two
louses of Congress. The President of the
United States, President Pierce, in obedience
to the requirements of the Constitution and
of the obligation imposed by his oath, recon-
vened the Congress upon three days' notice.
The Congress met, and sat here with various
conflicts of opinion for some two or three
weeks, when finally it ended with an acknowl-
edgment of the right of the majority to pass
their bill, and they did so.
Mr. RANDALL. What was the measure
in dispute?
Mr. BINGHAM. It was some limitation on
the Army appropriation bill in regard to the
employment of troops in Kansas. Before that
matter had proceeded very long, my impres-
sion was that it ought to be brought to a con-
clusion and the right of the majority recog-
nized to have a vote. I have not a very dis-
tinct recollection about what was proposed to
be done on one side or the other. 1 believe
the desire was to introduce an amendment by
way of limitation upon an appropriation bill.
My colleague [Mr. Campbell] is perfectly
conversant with the history of it. From that
day to this I have never yielded a willing
assent to a proposition to delay a vote upon
any subject.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Did not Hon. Henry
Winter Davis, of Marylaud, seek in 1864 to
attach an amendment to this same bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. I was not a member of
Congress at that time.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman remem-
bers the fact, however.
Mr. BINGHAM. I remember the fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. And the bill failed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I remember the fact very
well; but there was a vote taken, the gentle-
man will remember.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill failed, and the
failure was caused by our preference to see it
lost rather than have it passed in the form in
which the Senate sent it to us.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand all about
it. The point to which the gentleman refers
is this: a bill was passed by the House on
the last night of the Thirty-Eighth Congress
and sent to the Senate. The House voted on
it, however, and the Senate rejected it. The
result wa3 that there was no opportunity to
repass the bill. That was all there was in it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will my colleague
allow me 
Mr. BINGHAM. Not now. The only prop-
osition I made here, and the only thing I ask
the attention of the House to, is this: that it
is unconstitutional and revolutionary, and can-
not be supported by any precedent or any pre-
tense of right, to insist that the right of the
majority to legislate can be indefinitely post-
poned by a minority. That is all; that is my
proposition.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask the attention of
my colleague 
Mr. BINGHAM. That is my proposition.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to ask my col-
league whether we have done anything on this
side of the House which was not justified by
the rules of the House and by parliamentary
law?
Mr. BINGHAM. My friend knows that I
have not been charging him with doing any-
thing. I have only been protesting against
any right on the part of the minority in this
House to indefinitely postpone the right of the
majority to pass laws, as revolutionary.
Mr. KELLEY. I must resume the floor. I
am sorry to abridge the remarks of the gentle-
man, but my time is running. The remarks
I made when submitting the motion were in
my judgment sufficient to justify my action.
But thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
has thrown out some suggestions which make
it proper that I should add a few words.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I insist that
members shall take their seats and order be
again restored in the House, so we may hear
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
to say.
The SPEAKER called the House to order,
and members resumed their seats.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] appealed to the House to
sustain this bill in order to avert a parliament-
ary revolution. Why, sir, I have but stated
the proximate reason for my action ; but the
underlying and supreme reason was the desire
on my part to avert a parliamentary revolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not say it
was necessary to sustain this bill, but I said to
act on this bill.
Mr. IiELLEY. Very well; to act on the
bill. I accept the gentleman's phraseology
and thank him for the correction. Sir, par-
liamentary or other revolution is not likely to
spring from imperfections in the rules of the
House, nor am I of the belief that the rule of
which he complains, that which secures the
right of a numerous minority to defend its
opinions, js an objectionable or dangerous
one. During the eleven years I have had the
honor of a seat in this House I have often felt
that this reserved right of the minority was
exercised in an improper manner, but I have
always felt that being here in a minority I
would also do what I have always honored
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] who has just addressed the House
for having doue in the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
When, sir, it was attempted to control appro-
priations by refusing to put a proper restrain-
ing clause in an appropriation bill, there was
just such action by the Repnblican minority,
of which he was then an honored member.
Whether it was right or not, for thirty-six
hours the Republican minority held the Dem-
ocratic majority in check and went to the
country on the issue. That action did much
to secure to the Republican party the mag-
nificent results of the following October and
November elections. The country approved
the action of the heroic Republican filibus-
ters who had held in check and defeated the
powerful Democratic majority.
Sir, an inconsiderable minority have no
power to control legislation. A vote of two
thirds will pass a bill on any Monday, or at
any time within ten days of a final adjourn-
ment. Moreover, if the rule be an unwise
one it is within the control of the House, and
we can alter it. The danger of parliamentary
revolution comes not from this cause, but
from quite another quarter, and that is from
the absorption of all the powers of the Govern-
ment by the Senate. That is the weak point
in our Constitution and our Government, and
never was it more glaringly demonstrated than
during the present Congress. I pause not to
allude to its ceaseless encroachments on the
functions of the executive department of the
Government, and will refer but briefly to facts
within the knowledge of every member^ The
originating of revenue measures was confided
to the House of Representatives by the Con-
stitution ; yet when we assembled here we were
met with a revenue measure, which had been
prepared during the recess by a special com-
mittee of the Senate. It was soon sent to us for
our acceptance. The House, which is charged
with raising revenue and making appropria-
tions for carrying on the Government, has
always enjoyed the privilege of being the first
to name the day for an adjournment. The
Senate, however, long before our business was
well shaped, and before it was known what
exigencies might arise, assumed the conceded
functions of this House, and sent us a formal
intimation as to the time at which it would, in
its judgment, be convenient and agreeable for
us to adjourn.
And now, sir, when we come to act upon an
important appropriation bill for the support of
the Government, what do we find ? The Sen-
ate meets us with the intimation that we may
designate necessary appropriations, but we
must yield our convictions on other points not
germane to such a bill or they will prevent our
bill from becoming a law. There is where the
danger of revolution lies. And, sir, I may say
that while my opposition to this measure is
manifested as it is at this time by reason of my
commitments of an honorable character to gen-
tlemen on the other side, there is lying behind
it the conviction that this method of passing
any law, whatever the merits of the measure
may be, is dangerous, and one for which the
Republican party ought not to make itself re-
sponsible. Therefore, I hope that this report
will be recommitted; and on my motion to
recommit, I call the previous question.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. I can yield to nobody.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 trust
the previous question will not be seconded.
The question being taken on seconding
the previous question, there were—ayes 78,
noes 64.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Kelley were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and one, noes not
counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No fur-
ther count is insisted upon. The result of the
corrupt bargain is consummated. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. It is not for the gentleman
from Massachusetts to talk about corrupt
bargains.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; which was upon
the motion of Mr. Kelley to recommit the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 79, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Banks,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair.Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Critoher, Cross-
land, Box, Du -Boso. Duke, Eldredge, Finkelnburg.
looker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
Golladay, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock, Hand-
ley, IXanks, Harmer, Harper, John T. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Hoi-
man, Houchton, Keiley, Kellogg. Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kinsr, Lamison, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, McGrary, McGrew, Me-
Henry, Molntyre,' McJunkin, McNeely, Mercur,
Merrick, Morgan, Morphis, Packer, Potter. Price,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William It. Roberts, SionII. Rogers, Sher-
wood, Snober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm,
Strong, Swann, Terry, Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Van Trump, Waddell, Warren. Wells, Whit-
thorne, Williams of iJew York, Winchester, and «
Young—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber. Beatty.
Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Buckley, Bufiintoil,
Burchard, Burdett. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Cobb, Cobura, Coghlan, Conger, Crocker,
