2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
The next amendment was on page 106, sec-
tion [two hundred and eighty-one] two hun-
dred and eighty, line eight, to strike out the
words ''suffer death," and insert "be im-
prisoned at hard labor for the term of his nat
ural life so as to read:
S®c. [281] 280. That any person who shall rob any
carrier, agent, or other person intrusted with the
maii, of such mail or any part thereof, shall, on
conviction thereof, be imprisoned at hard labor not
less than five nor more than ten years; and if con-
victed a second time of a like offense, or, if in effect-
ing such a robbery the first time, the robber shall
wound the person having custody of the mail, or
put his life in jeopardy by the use of dangerous
weapons, such offender shall be imprisoned at hard
labor for the term of his natural life.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 107, sec-
tion [two hundred and eighty-five] two hun-
dred and eighty-four, line one, after the word
"laws," to strike out "denouncing" and
insert " defining ;" so as to make the section
read:
That all laws defining punishment for depreda-
tions committed upon the mail shall extend to and
have full force in the Indian country.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 109, at
the end of section [two hundred and eighty-
nine] two hundred and eighty-eight, to insert
" in the discretion of the court."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On page
111 there are several amendments to insert the
words "postal cards," and on page 112, at
the end of section [two hundred and ninety-
four] two hundred and ninety-three, to insert
"in the discretion of the court." These
amendments will be considered as agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 117, sec-
tion [three hundred and five] three hundred
and four, line four, to strike out " Auditor for
the Post Office Department" and insert " De-
partment of Justicein line seven to strike
out " said Auditor " and insert " Department
of Justice;'' inline twelve to strike out "said
Auditor" and insert "Department of Jus-
lice;" in line sixteen to strikeout " said Aud-
itor '' and insert "Department of Justice' and
in line twelve to strike out "he" and insert
"it;" so that the section will read:
Sku. [305J 304. That in the prosecution of any
suit for iiioney due the Post Ofliee Department, the ,
United States attorney shall obey the directions I
which may be given him by the Department of i
Justice; and immediately after the end of every :
term of any court in wbich any such suit has
been pending, said attorney shall forward to the i
Department of Justice a statement of any judg-
ment or order made, or stop taken in the same, '■
during such term, accompanied by a certificate
of the clerk, showing the parties to and amount
of every such judgment, with such other informa-
tion as the Department of Justice may require.
And the said attorney shall direct speedy and effect-
ual execution upon said judgment, and the United
States marshal to whom the same is directed shall
make returns of the proceedings thereon to the
Department of Justice at such times as it may direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
section [three hundred and six] three hun-
dred and five, line two, after the word "fruit-
less" to strike out "the Auditor for," and
after "Department" to insert "Justice;"
so as to read:
Sec. [306J 305. That when proceedings at law for
money duethe Post Office Departmentshall be fruit-
less, the said Department of Justice may direct the
institution of a suit in chancery in any United States
district or circuit court, to set aside fraudulent con-
veyances or trusts, or attach debts due the defend-
ant, or obtain any other proper exercise of the pow-
ers of equity, to have satisfaction of any judgment
obtained against such defendant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 118, sec-
tion [three hundred and seven] three hundred
and six, linefour, to strike out " United States
attorney" and insert " Department of Jus-
tice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 125, sec
tion [three hundred and twenty-three] three
hundred and twenty-two, line twelve, to strike
out the word " provided," and after the word
"that" to strike out the words "the frank-
ing privilege shall not, by reason of anything
in this act, be taken from any person to whom
it has been heretofore granted, by name, by
special act of Congress;" so as to make the
clause read:
That the references to the said acts hereby repealed
are to the £ame as contained in the edition of the
Statutes-at-Large, published by Little, Brown &
Company, under and by virtue of the resolution of
March 3, 1845, and the continuation thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
pletes the amendments reported with the bill
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a few manuscript
amendments, and I will send the copy to the
Clerk for his convenience to be read.
Mr. CA8SERLY. I wish to make a motion
that all these amendments shall be reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
the understanding when the Senate agreed to
consider the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are manuscriptamend-
ments agreed to by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The under-
standing was that the bill should be reported
to the Senate, but none of the amendments
agreed to in Committee of the Whole should
be acted upon in the Senate to night.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is to say, that none
of the amendments agreed to in committee
shall be considered as adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be reported to the Senate, but no vote will be
taken in the Senate on the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. They will all
be reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. They are all reserved
with the understanding that any Senator may
call for a separate one when we come into
the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course that is under-
stood.
Mr. CONKLING. In other words, they
are reserved for all purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Novoteisto
be taken to-night on any amendment adopted
by the Committee of the Whole. That was
the agreement.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I understand the
effect of this is that whatever amendment has
been adopted here is reserved to be acted upon
by a distinct vote if called for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Exactly.
Mr. RAMSEY. Letthe manuscriptamend-
ment in the committee be read.
The Chief Clerk. The committee propose
to amend the bill on page 2, section three,
after the word "one" and before "disburs-
ing," in line four, by inserting "superintend-
ent of the Post Office building ;" so as to read:
One chief clerk for the Postmaster General, and
one for each of the Assistant Postmasters General,
one superintendent of the Post Office buifding and
disbursing clerk.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment is
after the word " mails," in line six to insert
"one topographer for the Post Office Depart-
ment."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Are these amendments
making new officers, if I may be permitted to
inquire?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir. I will tell the
Senator there is in the Post Office Department
a topographer's room, although there is no
topographer technically.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is only a new title,
then, and no new office?
Mr. RAMSEY. That is it.
The Chief Clerk. The committee pro-
pose on page 3, line ten, to insert, "of the
topographer of the Post Office Department,
$2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The committee propose
further to amend on page 49, at the end of sec-
tion one hundred and twenty-four, by insert-
ing "except in the case of the postmaster at
New York city, as hereinafter provided."
Mr. COLE. What is that?
Mr. RAMSEY. That section says the max-
imum compensation of postmasters shall be
$4,000, except at New York, where the post-
master gets $6,000.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 51, line eighteen, section one hun-
dred and thirty-three, after the word " ma-
terials," to insert "packages of coin, of gold
dust, or of bullion, exceeding four ounces in
weight."
Mr. CASSERLY. Why should that be done ?
Mr. COLE. I know the people have sent a
good many millions of gold coin through the
mail from California to the East during the
past two years, and I do not know why it
should be restricted.
Mr. RAMSEY. The reason for it is, that
in several instances attempts have been made
to throw the whole train, passengers and all,
off the track for the purpose of robbing the
mail on account of a knowledge of its con-
tents. In distant and remote parts of the
country, where the mail is carried by a single
post-rider, known to carry these packages of
valuables, the mail has been robbed, the prop-
erty has been taken out, and the letter-pouch
destroyed. With a view of preventing the
mails from being destroyed in this way, this
amendment has been suggested by the Post
Office Department, and I think by the super-
intendent of the California division.
Mr. COLE. That may be, but I think the
same temptation will exist to throw your
trains otf the track when this valuable freight
is carried in the baggage car or the express
car, as if it were in the mail car. I do not
think the argument is a very good one.
Mr. POMEROY. They have a safe and
lock it up in the express car.
Mr. COLE. So they lock them up in the
postal car. They have all sorts of packages
in which they are placed. There has been no
loss of this kind, I believe. I do not know
of any loss that has occurred. It is a great
facility to afford to the people. Let it pass
over.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose it must be
passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there is but one
opinion on the subject in that part of the
country where this has been tried.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let it be passed over for
the present, and when we come into the Sen-
ate 1 have some papers on the subject which
I will present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment is withdrawn.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 55, line two of section [one hun-
dred and forty-eight] one hundred and forty-
seven, after the word "letter" to insert
" postal card."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 56, section [one hundred and forty-
nine] one hundred and forty eight, in line
three, before the word "scurrilous," to insert
" postal card upon which."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next, amendment
is in section [one hundred and fifty] one hun-
dred and forty-nine, after the word "concern-
ing" and before the word "lotteries," in line
three, to insert the word " illegal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 57, in section [one hundred and
fifty-three] one hundred and fifty-two, after
the word " shall," in line two, to insert " by
inadvertence."
The amendment was agreed to.
