1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4443
Darrall, Dawes, Be Large. Donnan, Duell, Dunnell,
Earnee, Elliott, Charles Foster, Wilder 3). Foster,
Fr\e, Halsey, George E. Harris. Hays, (jerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Lowe,
Maynard, McKee, Merriam. Monroe, Morey, Leon-
ard Myers, Packard, Peek, Pendleton, Perce. Aaron
F. Perry. Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shellabarjcer, H. Boardma  Smith, John A. Smith,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Taffe, Turner. Twichell, Tyner. Wake-
man, Walden, Wallace, Walls, Wbiteley, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barnum,
B-irry, Boles, Clarke, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Davis,
Dickey, Ely, i?n.rnsworth. Farwell, Garfield, Good-
rich, Griffith, Hale, Herndon, Uooper, Killinerer,
Kmsella, Lamport. Lansing. Leach, Lynch, McKin-
ney. Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Negley,
Niblack. Orr. Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Porter, Robinson, John
Rogers, Roosevelt. Sargent, Scofield, Seeley. Shoe-
maker, Wortbington C. Smith, Snapp. R. Milton
Speer, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Sypher, Dwigh t Townsend, Tuthill, U pson.V aughan,
voorhees, Waldron, Wheeler, and Wood—62.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. NEGLEY. Iam paired with the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Wood, who
if here would vote "ay, while I should vote
" no."
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I am paired with
my colleague, Mr. Waldron. If he were
here he would vote "no," while I should vote
" ay."
Mr. KILLINGER-. On this questionlam
paired with my colleague. Mr. Speer, of Penn-
sylvania. He if present would vote "ay,"
while I should vote " no."
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky. My colleague, Mr.
Adams, is detained from the House by sick-
ness. If present he would vote " ay. "
Mr. N1BLACK. After consultation with
the other members of the committee of pon-
ference, 1 understand they have determined
not to vote. I therefore decline to vote.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My colleague, Mr.
Mitchell, who is paired with the gentleman
from Illinois, Mr. Farwell, would if present
vote "ay."
Mr. McNEELY. My colleagues, Mr. Rob-
inson and Mr. Crebs, who are absent, are
paired on all political questions. They would,
if present, vote " ay " upon this quesion.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. 1 am paired
with the gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr.
Parker. If he were present he would vote
in the affirmative, while I should vote in the
negative.
Mr. MERRIAM. _ My colleague, Mr.
Wheeler, is paired with the gentleman from
North Carolina, Mr. Leach. Mr. Wheeler,
if present would vote " no."
Mr. STORM. My colleague, Mr. Griffith,
is paired with my other colleague, Mr. Sco-
field. Mr. Griffith, if present, would vote
" ay." I cannot say how Mr. Scofield would
V°Mr. McCLELLAND. My colleague, Mr.
B. F. Meyers, is paired on all questions con-
nected with this subject with the gentleman
from New York, Mr. Seeley. If Mr. Meyers
were here he would vote '"ay."
Mr. GOLLADAY. My colleague, Mr.
Vac Gil AN, is paired with the gentleman from
Iowa, Mr. Orr, on all political questions for
the remainder of the session. Ou this ques-
tion Mr. Val'GHan, if present, would vote
< i ay ''
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As one of the
conferees ou this subject I deem it proper, in
concurrence with my colleagues, not to vote
upon this question.
Mr. BANKS. My colleague, Mr. Hooper,
is detained from the House by illness.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to call the attention
of the House, and particularly of the gentle-
man from Nebraska, Mr. Taffe, to the fact
that Mr. Barxom stated to me that he was
paired with the gentleman from Nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE. I understand the statement
has been made that I am paired on all ques-
tions with Mr. BarkuMj of Connecticut.
That is not the fact. I am paired with that
gentleman on the merits of this amendment
and nothing else. I am willing to withdraw
my vote if it is considered that under the
circumstances I should not give it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair never takes
cognizance of pairs unless they are announced
to the Chair. If there be a dispute about
pairs, gentlemen must arrange that difference
themselves.
Mr. CONGER. My colleague, Mr. Stough-
ton, is paired with Mr. Voorhees, of Indi-
ana. If here, he would vote " no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the report has been recommit-
ted to the committee of conference; and I
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Upon
that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. COBURN. I rise to make a confer-
ence report, but yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Kendall.]
repayment to the state of nevada.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the biil (S.
No. 1089) to reimburse the State of Nevada
for expenses incurred while a Territory in pur-
chase of a prison and in support of the United
States eourts. I ask that the bill be reported,
and I will then ask the indulgence of the House
to make a brief statement not to occupy more
than one minute and a half.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay out of
any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated the sum of $60,000, to be received in
full payment of all claims against the United
States "for expenses incurred by the said Terri-
tory of Nevada.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is too large an
appropriation to pass in this way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Kendall] asks unanimous con-
sent to make a brief statement.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate, and
call for the regular order.
Mr. KENDALL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. COBURN. I do not yield for that.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 1175) for the relief of certain
Indians in the central superintendency ; and
An act (S. No. 649) for the relief of Simeon
promotions in staff department.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
report of the committee of conference pre-
sented by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Cobcrn.]
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 996; enti-
tled an act to repeal so much of section six of an
act entitled " An act making appropriations for the
suoDort of the Army for the year 1870, and tor other
purposes," approved March 3,1869, as prohibits pro-
motions in the staff department of the Army, having
met after full and tree oonferenoe, kaye agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respect ve
Houses, as follows: ... , 4
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House and agree to the same with the following
amendments, namely: ,
Insert after the word promotions," in tho filth
line, the following words " and new appointments.
Also strike out the word major," m the fifteenth
line, and insert the word ' colonel.
Amendthe titleso as to strike out the word stall
and insert the word " engineer."
So that the bill as amended will read as follows.
That so much of section six of an aot entitled An
aot making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June SO, 1870, and for other
purposes," approved March 3,1869, as prohibits pro-
motions and new appointments in the engineer de-
partment, be, and the same is hereby, repealed: b*ro~
vided, That nothing herein contained shall author-
ise promotions in said department above the grade
of colonel.
JOHN COBURN,
W. U. DONNAN.
HENRY. W. SLOCTJM,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
ADELBERT AMES,
F. P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the report of
the committee of conference be concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gentle-
man to explain how this differs from the bill
as we passed it.
Mr. COBURN. The bill, originally a Sen-
ate bill, provided for promotions m all branches
of the staff to the grade of major. The House
amended that bill so as to provide for promo-
tions in the engineer department aione up to
the grade of major. The Senate disagreed to
that amendment, and a committee of confer-
ence was appointed. The result of the adop-
tion of the report of the committee of con-
ference will be to allow, in addition to promo-
tions, new appointments in the engineer de-
partment alone up to the grade of colonel.
It was considered that the staff was too small
for the survey of rivers and harbors, and that
it should be enlarged by the appointment of
younger men, graduates of West Point.
Mr. MAYNARD. The objectof my inquiry
had more reference to a bill which I intro-
duced and had referred some time since to
the Committee on Military Affairs, to repeal a
provision in the act of 1869, perhaps, prohib-
iting any more appointments in the various
staff corps of the Army. How does this bill
leave the matter?
Mr. COBURN. The effect of the Senate
bill was to repeal that law ; the House amends
it so as to make the repeal applicable to the
engineer department only, allowing appoint-
ments in that department up to the grado of
colonel.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that the shape in which
it now stands?
Mr. COBURN. That is the shape in which
it now stands.
Mr. MAYNARD. Therefore there can be
no more appointments in the medical staff or
other staff corps of the Army?
Mr. COBURN. The bill allows appoint-
ments in the engineer department; it does
not prohibit anything.
Mr. MAYNARD. The law stands as before
in other respects 1
Mr. COBURN. It does.
Mr. MAYNARD. One point more; what
is the titular rank of the heads of the several
departments, the pay department, the quarter-
master's department, &c. ?
Mr. COBURN. This bill does not affect
that matter atall; it only allows appointments
in the engineer department up to the grade
of colonel. I now call for a vote.
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference ;
and, upon a division, there were—ayes 90,
noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. I believe there was
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, There was no quorum
voting, and the Chair will therefore order
tellers.
Tellers were accordingly ordered; and Mr.
Coburs and Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 108, noes 6;
no quorum voting.
time of final adjournment.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the timo
fixed by joint resolution for the adjournment ot the
two Houses be, and hereby is, extended until six
o'clock P. m„ and that the President, of the ben-
