1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
will find your villages growing into towns, and
your towns into cities, and with all your vast
resources you will not cry oat, nor will the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Parker]
make the plea foryou, thatNew England, cold,
barren, ice-bound New England, is so much
more populous, that under a law of this kind
the sunny South, with all its vast and varied
resources, cannot tempt enough people to dwell
within her limits to secure her a fair share of
the fund.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HEREFORD. Before the gentleman
concludes I hope he will answer my question
of forcing mixed schools on the people of the
United States.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio yield five minutes for me
to reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr, Keixey?]
Mr. PERCE. I now yield for ten minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the ten min-
utes given me I shall address myself to two
questions. The first is: what do we propose by
this bill to give to the cause of education ?
and the second is: how do we propose to give
it? Is the gift itself wise, and is the mode in
which we propose to give it wise? This
arrangement will include all I have to say.
And first we propose, without any change
in the present land policy, to give the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands to the cause of edu-
cation. During the last fifteen years these
proceeds have amounted to a little more than
thirty-tliree million dollars. That is almost
exactly one per cent, of the entire revenues
of the United States. The gift is not great,
but yet in one view of the case it is princely.
To dedicate for the future a fund which is now
one per cent, of the revenues of the United
States to the cause of education is to my
mind a great thought, and I am glad to give
it my indorsement. It seems to me that in
this act of giving, we almost copy its proto-
type in what God himself has done on this
great continent of ours. In the center of its
greatest breadth, where otherwise there might
be a desert forever, He has planted a chain
of the greatest lakes on the earth, and the
exhalations arising from their pure waters every
day come down in gracious showers, and make
that a blooming garden which otherwise might
be a desert waste. And from our great wilder-
ness lands it is proposed that their proceeds,
like the dew, shall fall forever, not upon the
lands, but upon the minds of the children of
the nation, giving them for all time to come all
the blessing and growth and greatness that
education can afford. That thought, I say it
again, is a great one, worthy of a great nation,
and this country will remember the man who
formulated it into language, and will remem-
ber the Congress that made it law.
The other point is one of even greater prac-
tical value and significance just now than this
that I have referred to. It is this: how is this
great gift to be distributed? We propose to
give it", Mr. Speaker, through our American
system of education ; and in giving it, we do
not propose to mar in the least degree the har-
mony and beauty of that system. It we did, 1
should be compelled to give my voice and vote
against the measure; and here and now, when
we are inaugurating this policy, I desire to
state for myself, and, as I believe, for many
who sit around me, that we do here solemnly
protest that this gift is not to disturb the
American system of education,but it is rather
to be used through it and as a part of it, and
to be wholly subordinated to what I venture to
call our great American system of education.
On this question 1 have been compelled here-
tofore to differ with many friends of educa-
tion here and elsewhere, many who have
thought it might be wise for Congress, m cer-
tain contingencies, to take charge ot the system
of education in the States. 1 will not now
discuss the constitutional aspects of that ques-
tion ; but I desire to say that all the philoso-
phy of our educational system forbids that we
should take such a course. And in the few
moments awarded to me I wish to make an
appeal for our system as a whole as against
any other known to me. We look sometimes
with great admiration at a Government like
Germany, that can command the light of its
education to shine everywhere, that can
enforce its school laws everywhere throughout
the empire. Under our system we do not
rejoice in that, but we rather rejoice that here
two forces play with all their vast power upon
our system of education. The first is that of
the local, municipal power under our State
governments. There is the center of respons-
ibility. There is the chief educational power.
There can be enforced Luther's great thought
of placing on magistrates the duty of educating
children.
Luther was the first to perceive that Chris-
tian schools were an absolute necessity. In
a celebrated paper addressed to the municipal
councilors of the empire in 1524, he demanded
the establishment of schools in all the villages
of Germany. To tolerate ignorance was, in
the energetic language of the reformer, to make
common cause with the devil. The father of
a family who abandoned his children to igno-
rance was a consummate rascal. Addressing
the German authorities, he said:
" Magistrates, remember that God formally com-
mands you to instruct children. This divine com-
mandment parents have transgressed by indolence,
by lack of intelligence, and because of overwork.
" The duty devolves upon you, magistrates, to call
fathers to their duty, and to prevent the return of
these evils which we suffer to-day. -Give attention
to your children. Many parents are like ostriches,
content to have laid an ess, but caring for it no
longer. , ., .
"Now, that which constitutes the prosperity of a
city is not its treasures, its strong walls, its beauti-
ful mansions, and its brilliant decorations, -the
real wealth of a city, its safety and its force is an
abundance of citizens, instructed, honest, and cul-
tivated. If in our days we rarely meet such citizens,
whose fault is it, if not yours, magistrates, who
have allowed our youth to grow up like neglected
shrubbery in the forest?
" Ignorance is more dangerous for a people than
the armies of an enemy."
After quoting this passage from Luther,
Laboulaye, in his eloquent essay entitled
" L' tltat el ses Limitespages 204 and 205,
says:
"This familiar and true eloquence was not lost.
There is not a Protestant country which has not
placed in the front rank of its duties the establish-
ment and maintenance of popular schools."
The duties-enjoined in these great utterances
of Luther are recognized to the fullest extent
by the American system. But they are recog-
nized as belonging to the authorities of the
State, the county, the township, the local
communities. There, these obligations may be
urged with all the strength of their high sanc-
tions. There, may be brought to bear all the
patriotism, all the morality, all the philan-
thropy, all the philosophy of our people, and
there it is brought to bear in its noblest and
best forms.
But there is another force even greater than
that of the State and the local governments. It.
is the force of private voluntary enterprise, that
force which has built up the multitude of pri-
vate schools, academies, and colleges through-
out the United States, not always wisely, but
always with enthusiasm and wonderful energy.
I say, therefore, that our local self-govern-
ment, joined to and cooperating with private
enterprise, have made the American system or
education what it is.
In further illustration of its merits, I beg
leave to allude to a few facts of great signifi-
cance. The Governments of Europe are now
beginning to see that our system is better and
more efficient than theirs, lhe public mm
of England is now, and has been tor several
years, profoundly moved on the subject or edu-
cation. Several commissioners have lately
been sent, by the British Government to exam-
ine the school systems of other countries, ana
lay before Parliament the results of their invest"
igations, so as to enable that body to profit
by the experience of other nations.
Rev. J. Frazier, one of the assistant com-
missioners appointed for this purpose, vis-
ited this country in 1865, and in the following
year made his report to Parliament. While
he found much to criticise in our system of
education, he did not withhold his expres-
sions of astonishment at the important part
which private enterprise played in our system.
In concluding his report, he speaks of the
United States as "a nation of which it is no
flattery or exaggeration to say that it is, if not
the most highly, yet certainly the most gener-
ally educated and intelligent people on the
globe."
But a more valuable report was delivered to
Parliament in 1868, by Mathew Arnold, one
of the most cultivated and profound thinkers
of England. He was sent by Parliament, to
examine the schools and universities of the
continent, and after visiting all the leading
States of Europe, and making himself thor-
oughly familiar with their system of education,
he delivered a most searching and able report.
In the concluding chapter, he discusses the
wants of England on the subject of education.
No one who reads that chapter can fail to
admire the boldness and power with which he
points out the chief obstacles to popular
education in England. He exhibits the signifi-
cant fact that while during the last half century
there has been a general transformation in the
civil organization of European Governments,
England, with all her liberty and progress, is
shackled with what he calls a civil organiza-
tion, which is, from the top to the bottom ot
it, not modern. He says :
" Transform she must unless she means to^come at
last to the same sentence as the church of Sardis:
' Thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.
"However, on no part of this immense task of
transformation have I now to touch, except on that
part which relates to education, but this port, no
doubt, is the most important of all, and it is the part
whose happy accomplishment may render that Oi
all the rest, instead of being troubled and ditacuit,
gradual and easy." * _ * * * * *
" Obligatory instruction is talked of. But what is
the capital difficulty in the way of obligatory in-
struction, or indeed any national system ot instruc-
tion in this country? It is this, that the moment
the working class of this country have this question
of instruction really brought home to them, their
self-respect "will make them demands like the work-
ing classes on the continent, public schools, and not
schools which the clergyman or the squire or the
mill-owner calls ' my school!' And what is the capi-
tal difficulty in the way of giving them public schools /
It is this, that the public school tor the people must
rest upon the municipal organization oi the country.
In France, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, the pub he
elementary school has, and exists by having, the
commune and the municipal governmentoi the com-
mune. as its foundations, and it could not exist with-
out them. But we in England have our municipal
organization still to get: the country distncts, with
us, have at present only the feudal and ecclesias-
tical organization of the Middle Ages, or of Fiance
before the Revolution." c
"The real preliminary to an effective system of
popular education is, in fact, to provide the country
with an effective municipal organization: and heic,
then, is at the outset an illustration of what I said,
that mod era societies need a civil organization which
is modern."
In the early part of 1870 a report was made
to the minister of public instruction by Mr. C.
Hippeau, a man of great learning, and who
in the previous year had been ordered bv
the French Government to visit the United
States and make a careful study ot out system
of public education. In summing up his con-
clusions, at the end of his report, he expresses
opinions which are remarkable for their bold-
ness, when we remember the character of the
French Government at that time ; and his rec-
ommendations have a most significant appli-
cation to the principle under consideration, i
translate his concluding paragraphs:
"What impresses me most strongly
fmpose upon themselTes, and ofregalating its was,
