4444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
ate and Speaker of the House be, and are hereby,
authorized and directed to adjourn the two Houses
sine die at that hour.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. I call the previous ques-
tion on my resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. PLATT. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so as to make the hourfive o'clock instead
of six o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion to amend is
not in order pending the call for the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is not a motion to
adjourn now in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
is not entertained on the last day of the session.
Mr. STEVENSON. This is not the last
day of the session. The usual hour of daily
meeting has not yet arrived.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the hour of eleven o'clock
had arrived. He was wrong and will enter-
tain the motion to adjourn.
Mr. PLATT (at ten minutes before eleven
o'clock) moved, that the House adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. On that motion X call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty-one in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 13, nays 149, not voting 78; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beatty, Darrall, Eldredge, Elliott,
Getz, Giddings. Lowe, Maynard, Morey, Sloss, Sny-
der, Van Trump, and Walls—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Beok, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin
Blair; Braxton. Bright, Brooks, Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Roderick It. Butler, Caldwoll, Campbell, Car-
roll, Ooburn, Comingo, Connor, Conner, Cotton,
Critohor, Crockor, Crossland, Dawes, Do Large, Don-
nan, JDox, Du Boso, Duell, Duke, Bunnell, Barnes,
Fanvell, Pinkolnburg, Worker, Charles Poster, Wil-
der D. Fostor. Fryu, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich,
lialdouian, llalsey, Hambloton, Hancock, Ilandley,
Hanks, llarinor, Harpor, Goorge K. Harris, John T.
Harris, IIaven«, Ilawloy, liny, Hays, Gerry W. Ha-
Helton, John W, Jlay.elton, Hereford, llibburd, Hill,
Uoar, Ilolman, Iielley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kil linger, Kintf, Lamison, Lowis, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland. McCorrniok. McCrary, McGrew. Mo-
Henry, Mclntyre, SleJunkin, McKoo, McNeely,
Morcur, Mcrrium, Merrick, Monroe, Morgan, Mor-
phia, Packard, Packer. Isaac C. Parkor, Pock. Pen-
dleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Potter,
Prindle, Raiuey, Randall, Head, Edward Y. Rico,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, EllisII. Roborts, William R.
Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
Slocum, If. Boardman Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Storm, St. John,
Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Thomas, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Twicholl, Tyner, Wad-
dell, Walden, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, and
Young—149.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Averill,
Barber, Barnurn. Barry, Bell, Beveridge, James G.
Blair, Boles, Buckley, Burdett. Benjamin F.Butler,
Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Cox, Crebs, Creoly, Davis,
Dickey, Ely, Farnsworth. Henry D. Foster, Garfield,
Griffith, Hale.Herndon, Hooper,Houghton, Kendall,
Kinsella, Lamport, Lansine, Leach, Lynch, McKm-
ney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Niblack, Orr, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker. Eli Perry, Poland, Porter, Price, Robinson,
John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Scolleld, Seeley,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Snapp. R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Strong, Syphcr, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill, Upson. Yaughan, Voorhoes, Wakeman,
Waldron, Wheeler, Whitoley, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—78.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on agreeing to the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
on which the previous question is demanded.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is an amendment to
that resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not while the demand
for the previous question is pending.
Mr. PLATT. Is there any possible way of
amending this motion?
The SPEAKER. Not unless a majority of
the House should desire it, which can be
shown by refusing to second the demand for
the previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 115, noes 31.
Mr. STEVENSON called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was on
agreeing to the resolution of Mr. Kelley.
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 31, not
voting 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ames. Areher, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Beck, Beveridge, Biggs, Bird, Austin
Blair, James G. Blair. Braxton, Bright, Brooks,
Buffinton, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Critcher, Crocker, Crossland, Dawes, Donnan, Dox,
Du Bose, Duell, Duke, Eames, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Forker, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Goodrich, Qaldeman, Hal-
rcy, Hanoock, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper,
John T. Harris, Havens, Ilawley, Hay, John W.
ilazclton. Hereford, Hibbard, Holman, Houghton,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, ICetcham, Killinger,
King, Lamison, Lansing. Lewis, Lowo, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee, McNeely,
Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroo,
Morphis, Leonard Myers. Packer, Peck, Pendleton,
Petors, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Prindle, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Ric-e, John M. Rice, Ritchie, El-
lis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Sion H. Rogers,
Rusk, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slo-
cum, Sloss, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm, Strong,
Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Thomas, Turner, Twich-
ell, Waddell, Walden, Wallace, Warren, Wells,
Whit.thorne, Willard, Williams of New York, John
T. Wilson.Winchester, and Young—133.
NAYS—Messrs. Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Burdett,
Roderick R.Butler, Cobb, Darrall, De Large, Dun-
nell, Elliott, George E. Harris, Hays, Maynard, Mo-
rey, Paekard, Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Rainey, Ses-
sions, Shanks, II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Snyder, Stevonson, Taffo, Washington Townsend,
Tyner, Van Trump, Walls. Williams of Indiana,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Averill,
Barnum. Barry, Bell, Boles, Buckley, Benjamin F.
Butlor, Clarke, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Davis, Dickey,
Eldredge. Ely, Farnsworth, Henry D. Foster, Gar-
field, Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Hambleton, Gerry W.
llaaelton, Uerndon, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kinsella,
Lamport, Leach, Lynch, Mclntyre, MeKinney, Mer-
rick, Mitchell, Moore. Morgan, Neglcy, Niblack,
Orr, Palmer, llosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Eli Perry, Porter, Prico, Robinson, John Rogers,
ltoosovolt, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield. Seeley, Shel-
don, Shoemaker Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
'It. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stough-
ton, Stowell, St, John, Sypher, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhoes, Wakeman,
Waldron, Wheeler, Whiteley, and Wood—76.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. STEVENSON said: The gentleman
from New York ,Mr. Cox, is still, to his great
regret, confined to his room by illness.
Mr. RANDALL. And to the regret of all.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. PLATT. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was agreed to, and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority?
Mr. PLATT. I did.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. PLATT. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair more than one hundred and four have
voted against calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. PLATT. Several times to-day the
Chair has ruled less than twenty-six members
sufficient to order the yeas and nays. I object
to such gross partiality on the part of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Plait,] unless grossly ignorant,
is grossly disrespectful to the Chair. [Laugh-
ter. ] On the last vote one hundred and sixty-
four members voted. The youngest member
of the House knows that when the yeas and
nays are demanded the Chair never assumes
that those rising to order them area sufficient
number unless there be one fifth of the last
preceding vote. Is not that so ?
Several Members. Always.
The SPEAKER. Therefore the Chair in
this case has acted in accordance with the
universal usage of the House.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to say in reply to
what the Speaker has said 
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires that
the gentleman from Virginia may be heard.
Mr. BANKS and others objected to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires that
the gentleman may be heard.
Mr. BANKS. I object; we are losing
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Virginia says that several times to-day twenty-
six were considered by the Speaker as a suffi-
cient number to order the yeas and nays. That
is very true; but in those cases there had been
no test vote preceding.
Mr. PLAIT. My statement was that several
times to-day the Speaker decided that less than
twenty-six were sufficient to order the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. How many times to-day
have the yeas and nays been called?
Mr. PLATT. Two or three times.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia charged the Chair with gross partiality.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard the
statement; but pardoned it, as he attributed
it to gross ignorance on the part of the gentle-
man. [Laughter.] The Chair orders tellers,
and appoints the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] and the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 29, noes 128.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate of
the United States, by Mr. Sympson, one of its
clerks, notifying the House that that body had
passed an act (S. No. 680) to encourage the
growth of timber on the western prairies; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles,
with amendments; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 2879) granting a pension
to Eliza B. Anderson ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2977)for the restoration
to market of certain lands in Michigan.
order op business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. On what?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On the
question of reconsideration. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. You have been out.
The SPEAKER. On ordering the yeas
and nays the tellers report ayes 29, noes
128.
The Chair used language toward the gen-
tleman from Virginia which he regrets. At
the same time it is the first time in the history
of the Chair that he has had cause to believe
either side felt he was partial or unfair in his
count. He is glad the count of the tellers
amply, and more than amply, proves the cor-
rectness of his own count. He regrets using
harsh terms to any member upon tho floo.-.
Mr. PLATT. _ I ask permission of the House
and of the Chair to withdraw the remarks I
made about the partiality of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The House refuses to
order the yeas and nays. The question is on
laying on the table the motion to rtconsider
