808
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
That the sum of fifteen thousand dollars be
appropriated to the purpose of constructing a
pneumatic tube, operated by hollow spheres,
or otherwise, from the Capitol, along North
Capitol street, to the Government Printing
Office, for the transmission of books, pack-
ages, etc., to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, and the work
to be done under the supervision of the archi-
tect of the Capitol extension.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to
reimburse the funeral expenses of the late
Admiral David G. Farragut, two thousand
dollars, to be paid to his widow.
PUBLIC WORKS UNDER THE TREASURY DEPART-
MENT.
Public Buildings.
Treasury building, Washington, District of
Columbia: for annual repairs and improve-
ments, fifteen thousand dollars ; for improve-
ments and repairs of heating apparatus, nine
thousand dollars.
For continuation of the construction of the
building for a custom-house at Charleston,
South Carolina, one hundred thousand dollars.
For continuation of the construction of the
building for post office and court-house at
Columbia, South Carolina, fifty thousand
dollars.
For paving, grading, and fencing the ap-
proaches to the building for custom-house at
Maehias, Maine, two thousand dollars.
For continuation of the construction of the
building for a custom-house at New Orleans,
Louisiana, three hundred thousand dollars.
For continuation of the construction of the
building for a post office and court-house at
Omaha, Nebraska, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For continuation of the extension of the
building for court-house and post office at
Baltimore, Maryland, fifty thousand dollars.
For continuation of the construction of the
building for the Department of State, Wash
ingtou, District of Columbia, eight hundred
thousand dollars; for the east wing of the
State, War, and Navy Departments, four hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That all
appropriations for public buildings under the
Treasury Department shall hereafter be avail-
able immediately upon the approval of the acts
containing such appropriations.
To commence the erection of a building at
Cincinnati, Ohio, for the accommodation of
the United States courts, custom house, Uni-
ted States depository, post office, internal reve-
nue and pension offices, and for the purchase
at private sale, or by condemnation, ot ground
for a site therefor, the entire cost of comple-
tion of which building is hereby limited to two
million two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
(inclusive of the cost of the site of the same),
seven hundred thousand dollars; and the act
of March twelve, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, authorizing the purchase of a site there-
for, is hereby so amended as to limit the cost
of the site to a sum not exceeding five hundred
thousand dollars.
To commence the erection of a building at
Hartford, Connecticut, tor the accommodation
of the custom-house, post office, pension office,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices, one hundred thousand
dollars.
To commence the erection of a fire proof
building at Albany, New i'osk, for the accom-
modation ot the custom-house, post office,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For paving, grading, and fencing the ap-
proaches to the new eustom-house and court
house building at Ogdensburgh, New York,
three thousand doliais.
For the erection of an addition to the build-
ing at Indianapolis, belonging to the United
States, for the further accommodation of the
United States courts, post office, local land
offices, and internal revenue and pension
offices, one hundred thousand dollars; and
the sums hereby appropriated for the construc-
tion of public buildings shall be available im-
mediately upon the approval of this act; and
the balances of appropriations for the current
fiscal year for the construction of public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, which may remain unexpended at the
close of the current fiscal year, are hereby re-
appropriated for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
For necessary furniture and outfit for the
post office and sub-Treasury building at Boston,
and for preparing the approaches thereto, fifty
thousand dollars, to be paid out of the appro-
priation already made.
To purchase additional ground adjoining the
site of the building occupied for the purposes
of United States court house and post office,
Madison, Wisconsin, eleven thousand dollars.
For machinery and apparatus for the new
branch mint building at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
LIGHT-HOUSES, BEACON'S, AND FOG-SIGNALS.
Burnt Coat Harbor light-station: for two
beacon-lights, to serve as a range on the coast
of Maine, ten thousand dollars, and any bal-
ance of the appropriation of ten thousand dol-
lars made by act of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, that may remain in the
Treasury June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two.
For a steam fog-signal on Seguin Island, at
the mouth of the Kennebec river, on the coast
of Maine, five thousand dollars.
For light-house at Wood-End, Province-
town harbor, Massachusetts, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For re-establishing and setting up two small
beacon-lights in the harbor of Newburyport,
the site of one of which has beeu washed by a
storm, ten thousand dollars.
F\>r steam fog-signal at Beaver-Tail light-
station, on the coast of Rhode Island, five
thousand dollars.
For erecting a portable beacon at Bullock's
point, on the aeast side of Providcnce river,
Rhi de Island, one thousand dc liars.
For fog-bell for Newport harbor light-sta-
tion, Rhode Island, eight hundred dollars.
Forestabhshmenia steam fog-signal at Point
Judith light-station, coast of Rhode Island,
five thousand dollars.
For completing the light-house at Long Beach
bar, Gardiner bay, Long Island sound, accord-
ing to the original design, twenty thousand
dollars.
For protecting the site for the Block Island
light-station, Rhode Island, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For a light-house and steam fog-signal at the
southerly end of Block Island, entrance to
Long Island sound, seventy five thousand dol-
lars.
For necessary repairs and establishing a
steam fog-sigtial at Montauk light-station,
Long Island, New York, nine thousand five
hundred dollars.
For continuing the construction of the light-
house authorized on Race rock, Fisher's Island
sound, New York, in addition to any balance
that may remain in the Treasury June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, of the
former appropriation, forty thousand dollars.
For repairs at Sand's point, .Great West bay,
and Fire Island light-stations, New York, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
For erection of a light and fog-signal on or
near the end of Hart Island, in Long Island
sound, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the tower and keeper's dwell-
ing on a proper site at the Fort Tomkins light-
station, Staten Island, New York, the former
site being required by the engineer department
of the Army for extending the fortifications,
eight thousand dollars.
For repairs at Crown Point light-station,
Lake Champlain, New York, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For a light-house on the middle ground in
the Hudson river, near the city of Hudson,
New York, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For completing the tower and building at
the Colchester reef light station, Vermont,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
For continuing the improvements at the
light-house depot of supplies, on Staten Island,
New York, ten thousand dollars.
For fog-bells on Fort Hamilton and Fort
Columbus, New York harbor, one'thousand
five hundred dollars.
For rebuilding the beacon on Sea-Flower
reef, in Long Island sound, four thousand two
hundred dollars.
For rebuilding the spindle on the Whale, in
Mystic river, Connecticut, five thousand dol-
lars.
For rebuilding the beacon on the reef making
out from Oyster Poud point, in Plum gut,
Long Island sound, New York, five thousand
dollars.
For erecting a light-house at or near Here-
ford inlet, on the sea-coast of New Jersey, to
guide coasters around Cape May point, and
into a harbor of refuge, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
To re-establish the light-house at the mouth
of Mispillion river, Delaware bay, five thou-
sand dollars.
For erection of two range-lights for the
Craighill channel, leading from Chesapeake
bay into the Patapsco river, and to take the
place of the two light-houses now at North
point, Maryland, forty five thousand dollars.
For a small light to mark the entrance to the
anchorage inside of Shipping point, Potomac
river, Virginia, nine thousand dollars.
For completing the light-house tower and
buildings at Bodie's Island, North Carolina,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For rebuilding keeper's dwelling, and ren-
ovation and repairs at Cape Lookout light-
station, North Carolina, five thousand dollars.
For a second-class light, on or near Hunting
Island, South Carolina, twenty-five thousand
dollars; and such site as may be necessary for
such light shall be selected on lands now in
the possession of the United States by the
Light-House Board, and such site shall be
exempted from the operation of any law
providing for the restoration to the former
owners of lands sold for direct taxes.
For completing the rebuilding of the first-
class light-house and keeper's dwelling at Saint
Augustine, Florida, in addition to any balance
of the former appropriation that may lemain
unexpended June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seveuty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
For completing the erection of the iron
light-house structure on the foundation at
Southwest Pass light-station, Louisiana, twen-
ty-five thousand dollars.
For erection of a light-house on the north
side of Presque Isle, Erie, Pennsylvania, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house and keeper's
dwelling at Gibraltar light-station, in the
Detroit river, Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For completing the light-house at Spectacle
reef, Lake Huron, Michigan, being the amount
carried to the surplus fund of a former appro-
priation, seventy thousand dollars.
For erection of a light on Saint Helena
Island, Lake Michigan, to mark the anchorage
to the harbor of refuge, fourteen thousand
dollars.
For erection of a coast-light at Petite Point
