860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
And finally of choosiru? administrators who shall
render thorn an account of the resources placed at
their disposal, and of the use which they may make
of their authority.
"This is not the occasion to insist on the advan-
tages resulting from self-government in what con-
cerns the relations between public officers chosen by
election and citizens who consider such officers only
as their servants.
"The people of the United States are strangers to
that servility which bows before a master; and on
the other hand their officers are strangers to that
insolent arrogance which treats with haughty con-
tempt those whoin they believe they have the right
to command." * * * * ♦
"Never has a greater example been given by an
independent and free people; never has there been
produced a more brilliant proof of the excellence
of democratic institutions.
"The marvelous progress made in the United
States during the last twenty years would have
been impossible, if the national life, instead of
being manifested on all points of the surface, had
been concentrated in a cnpital, under the pressure
of a strongly organized administration, which, hold-
ing the people under constant tutelage, wholly re-
lieved thorn from the care of thinking and acting
by themselves and for themselves, will France
enter upon that path of decentralization which will
infallibly result in giving a scope, now unknown to
all her vital forces, and to the admirable resources
which she possesses? In what especially concerns
public instruction, shall we see her multiplying, as
m America, those froo associations, thoso generous
donations, which will on&blousto place public in-
struction on the broadest foundation, and to revive
in our provinces the old universities that will be-
como more flourishing as the citizens shall interest
themselves directly in their progress?
" To accomplish this, our citizens must resolve to
break resolutely from that apathy and indifference
which little by little have surrendered to Govern-
ments all the affairs which thoy ought to manage
themselves. But it will also be necessary that Gov-
ernment1?, nppreeiating the w>mts of their epoch,
shall with good grace relinquish a part of the duties
now imposed upon them, nmi aid tho people in sup-
porting the ri«id rSffime of liberty, by enlarging the
powers of tho municipal councils and of tho coun-
cils of the departments, by favoring associations and
public meetings, which ceaso to bo turbulent and
dangerous whenever they becomo a part of tho
national habits, by opening tho freest field to tho
examination and discussion of national interests;
m .short, by deserving tho oulogy addressed by a
man of genius to a grout minister of Franco : 1 Mon-
scitfueur, you have labored ten years to make your-
holt useless.'"
1 have made these citations to show how
•strong] y the public thought of Europe is mov-
ing toward our system of public education as
better and freer than theirs. I do not. now
discuss the broader political question of State
and municipal government as contrasted with
centralized government. 1 am considering
what is the best system of organizing thaedtica-
tional work of a nation, not from the political
stand-point alone, but. from the stand-point of
the school-house itself. This work of public
education partakes it) a peculiar way of the
spirit, of the human mind in itsefforts for cult-
ure. J ho mind must be as fret; from extra-
neous control as possible ; must work under
the inspiration of its own desires for knowl-
edge; and while instructors and books are
necessary helps, the fullest and highest success
must spring from the power of self-help.
So thebestsystem of education isthat which
draws its chief support from the voluntary
effort of the community, from the individual
efforts of citizens, and from those burdens of
taxation which thoy voluntarily impose upon
themselves. The assistance proposed in this
bill is to be given through the channels of this,
our American system. The amount proposed
is largo enough to stimulate to greater effort
and to general emulation tho different States
and the local school authorities, but not large
enough to carry the system, on, and to weaken
all these forces, by making* tho friends of edu-
cation feel that the work is done for them
without their own effort. Government shall
be only a help to them, rather than a com-
mander in the work of education.
In conclusion, I say that in this bill, in the
pending bill, wo disclaim any control over the
educational system of the States. We only re-
quire reports of what they do with our bounty ;
and those reports brought here and published
tor the information of the people will spread
abroad the light, and awaken the enthusiasm
and emulation of our people. This policy is in
harmony with the bill of 1867, creating the
Bureau of Education, and whose fruits have
already been, so abundant in good results. I
hope that the House will sets its seal of approval
on our Americansystem of education, and will
adopt this mode of advancing and strengthen-
ing it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERCE. I now yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Good-
rich.]
Mr. GOODRICH. Mr. Speaker, the import-
ance of the proposed measure is such as to
induce the wish for more time for its discus-
sion'than that now allotted to me. The ques-
tion arises between those who would devote
the net proceeds of the public lands to any
other purpose than that of education, and
those who would devote it wholly to that great
interest to the exclusion of everything else,
and my own views incline me to affiliate with
the friends of education.
Sir, there is, in my opinion, no interest
more vital to the development, wealth, strength,
and security of our free, rational system of
government than that general education of
all classes and conditions of people which it is
the object of the bill now under consideration
to secure through the schools already estab-
lished or to be established in the several States.
And whilfe this is a measure well worthy of
attention on general grounds, it is now called
for and specially demanded in consequence
of the recent enfranchisement of the colored
race among us; a race which exhibits many
bright examples of proficient scholarship in
our midst—sufficient, certainly, to vindicate its
capacity for culture; and yet, owing to the
long denial to it of the means of culture, it is
at the present time almost universally without
it. And, considering the cause for this lack
of culture and education, and the relation the
Government has stood to it, is there not reason
for saying that the nation now absolutely owes
education to tho newly enfranchised citizens
as a matter of strict justice to them? And
how else but by securing it to them can the
policy of their enfranchisement be carried out;
lor why enfranchise if you do not educate?
But, sir, to say nothing of national obliga-
tions to this uncducated part of our people,
and looking at the question of extending to
them the means of education simply from its
influence on the general welfare, and still the
measure should be undoubtedly adopted ; for,
let it. bo borne in mind,these newly enfranchised
citizens are not a mere handful: they form
full one tenth of our entire population, and
are so distributed in different States as to con-
stitute an actual majority of population in
some, (Louisiana, Mississippi, and South Car-
olina,) and number approximating very nearly
to that in several others. The bare statement
sir, shows what a vital interest these States,
must have in the education of this new voting
element, which is hereafter to exercise so con-
trolling an influence on their welfare. And,
under the constitutional bond of affinity which
prevails, their welfare is indissolubly con-
nected with that of all; hence, the general
welfare is concerned.
Sir, in referring to the uneducated condition
of our colored population, in connection with
the cause for it, and their recent enfranchise-
ment, as a special reason for some measure
such as has been brought forward by the' Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, 1 must not be
understood as in any manner asserting that,
uneducated as they are, they have not, as a
general thing, thus far exercised the newly
bestowed franchise discreetly'; nor that there
are not those of the white race, both in the
States where they are principally distributed,
and in all the other States, equally ignorant
and in need of education as themselves. In-
deed, the same cause acting in a measure on
the white race has, in the late slave-holding
States, reduced no inconsiderable number of
them to the same condition of illiteracy and
ignorance. And, drawing from authentic
sources of information, let me state that while
in the States heretofore classed as free States
there is only about an average of five per cent,
of the adult population that cannot read and
write, in the seventeen States formerly classi-
fied as slave States, including New Mexico
and the District of Columbia, the average per
cent, is forty-four, and in several of these
States as high as sixty per cent, of the whole
adult population, and even higher.
Mr. Speaker, the statement of facts now
given brings me to one of the points in which
I have felt constrained to dissent from the bill
which has been brought forward by the com-
mittee. That proposes to distribute the net
proceeds of the public lands among the States
according to the basis of their population.
Now, from information received from the
Commissioner of the Land Office, it appears
that for six years ending June 30, 1871, the
average net proceeds of the cash sales of the
public lands was annually a little over a mil-
lion dollars.
And now if this sum be divided among the
several States on the basis of population itwill
give, as will be seen, to the States heretofore
denominated free States, which generally have
large populations and but a small percentage
of illiteracy, large dividends, and to the late
slave States, with much smaller populations,
but a greatly increased percentage of illiter-
acy, only inconsiderable sums, scarcely suffi-
cient to operate as an encouragement for the
establishment or maintenance of schools for
general education. Eor this reason, sir, I
have moved to amend by substituting, as the
basis of the division, the ratio of illiteracy in
the several States, that being the real evil to
be removed.
Sir, although this amendment, if adopted,
will give less to the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, aud more to the
States where more is needed, still, believing it
to be the only true principle of distribution to
he adopted, considering the end in view, and
believing that my action will be fully sustained
by the justice and magnanimity of my State,
and meet with general approval On the part of
all the States heretofore known as free States,
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. Speaker, the bill under consideration
should be amended, in my opinion, in other
respects, which, however, the time allotted
me will not enable me to point out. And I
can only add that if amended in the point to
which the amendment I have submitted applies,
1 shall, as a bumble friend of the cause of
popular education reaching to all classes and
conditions of people, feel constrained to give
my support to the bill, though in some respects
it may be less perfect than 1 could desire.
Mr. PERCE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] for a short time.
Mr. STEVENSON addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. PERCE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] for five minutes.
Mr. SHANKS. I am in favor of the pas-
sage of this bill, because it provides for a gen-
eral system of education, so far as the amount
of money to be derived from this source will go
to that end. I would not be for it if it directed
the sale of the public lands for the purpose of
raising money to carry on the school system.
I would not be in favor of taking away from
the settler the right of preemption and home-
stead. I would not be in favor of opening a
door to encroachments upon the rights of the
Indians of this country to whom the nation has
ceded lands. But it is because this bill does
not interfere with any of these rights, and
because it does provide for a general system
of education that I am in favor of it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Storm] has objected to the bill on the ground
that the method of distribution proposed would
be injurious to the landed system of the coun-
try ; but, sir, I believe that if this bill bo
passed and becomes a law, if it is understood
