1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the intention to become citizens of the United
States, praying that increased protection be
given to all industries which require it, and
that in all changes in the tariff the interests
of domestic industry shall be considered para-
mount to every other consideration; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of- the United
States Army, praying the passage of an act
equalizing bounties and modifying the home-
stead law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of sun-
dry citizens of Kent county, Maryland, pray-
ing for the improvement of Worton harbor, in
that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of
James McCallum, of Pulaski county, Tennes-
see, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present the petition
of B. P. Gentry, of Good's Mill, Rockingham
county, Virginia, praying the removal of his
political disabilities. Mr. Gentry says that he
has sinned against the best Government under
the sun ; that he is deeply penitent, proposes
to support the Constitution of the United
States, and pledges his support to the Repub-
lican party. He says furthermore that he
agrees with the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] that a rebel should not be par-
doned unless he asks for it. He therefore
asks to be lorgiven. I move the reference of
his petition to the select. Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented additional pa-
pers in thecase of the application of the widow
of William S. Derrick, showing the dates of
his appointments as acting Secretary of State,
and when the several appointments expired ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of sun-
dry citizens of the State of Indiana, late soldiers
of the Army of the United States, who ask
Congress to pass an act giving to all soldiers,
sailors, and marines who enlisted in the ser-
vice of the United States for the suppression
of the late rebellion, and who have been hon-
orably discharged, and to the heirs of those
that are deceased, $8 33J per month for the
entire time served, deducting all Government
bounty heretofore paid. They also petition
Congiess to amend the twenty-fifth section of
the act approved July 15, 1870, so as to allow
soldiers and sailors to enter the amount of
land therein allowed, or such amount as may
be thought proper, without the requirement of
settlement and cultivation. I move the refer-
ence of this petition to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I also present the proceed-
ings of a convention of soldiers held in Lafay-
ette, Indiana, on the 8th of March, 1872, in
which they adopted sundry _ resolutions, and
requested that those resolutions be forwarded
to the members of Congress from the State for
presentation. One of these resolutions is:
" Resolved, That wo earnestly demand that there
be donated one hundred and sixty acres of land to
every honorably discharged soldier and seaman, and
the widows and children of such as may be deceased,
in lee aimtde."
I move that tlie^e resolutions be referred to
the Commit tee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINDO.M presented four petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, late soldiers ot the Uni-
ted States Army, praying Congress to pass an
act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and marines
who enlisted in the service of the United States
for the suppression of the Jat.e rebellion, and
who were honorably discharged, and to the
heirs of those deceased, $8 33J per month for
the entire time served, deducting therefrom
all Government bounties heretofore received
by them; which were referred to the Com-'
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of late soldiers
and sailors of the United States volunteer
Army and Navy, praying a modification of the
homestead law, so that the time which the sol-1
dier or sailor served in the Army and Navy of
the United States, during the war, after two
years' actual residence upon his homestead,
may be deducted from the term of five years'
residence which the act now requires before
he can acquire title thereto; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
George Young, late second lieutenant com-
pany I, third regiment Missouri volunteer in-
fantry, praying pay as second lieutenant from
the date of his commission; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Mount Pleasant, Iowa, in favor of setting
apart a portion of land in the West as a home
for the freedmen about Washington city who
rely upon the Government for support; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of surviving soldiers of the wars of
1812 and 1861, for themselves and their com-
rades, widows and orphans, praying Congress
to legislate during the present winter so as to
give pensions to all soldiers of 1812, and their
widows, without any exceptions; equalize all
bounties to soldiers of'1861, as to give
$8 33j per month for every month of service ;
allow without limitation back pensions to time
of wound or disability to all pensioners of 1861;
give a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land to every soldier of 1801; estab-
lish a soldiers' commission similar to the pro-
posed labor commission, composed of three
private soldiers, to inquire into and report
annually upon the claims and grievances of
the defenders of the Union.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present a large number
of petitions, numerously signed, all for the
same object and having the same purpose. I
ask that one of the petitions, which is very
short, be read, and then I will send all the
petitions to the desk and ask that they be
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senators and Representatives in Congress as-
sembled .*
We. the undersigned, citizens of Louisiana, with-
out regard to race or political antecedents, and to
the end that a fair and peaceable election may be
had in said State, at which every citizen may have
the right to vote just once, and that said vote may
be fairly eounteu and returned, do respectfully and
earnestly petition Congress to extend over theentiro
State of Louisiana the provisions of the act entitled
"An act to entoree therights of citizens oftfie Uni-
ted States to vote in the several States of the Uniou,
and for other purposes," approved February 28, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These petitions
will be referred to the Committee on Privileges
and Ehctions.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of B. S.
Kerr, paying the pas-ageof an act.permitting
the children of Michael O'Connor to receive
a pension, which is now denied them in con-
sequence of the neglect of their guardian to
si cure the same within five years; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRAG1N presented a petition of cit-i
zens of New Hampshire, praying a modifica-
tion of tlx- laws and regulations affecting and
governing appointments to and removals from
public offices; the salaries, perquisites, and
moieties of public officers; and the seizures
of private books and papers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Henry
Goodrich, late coporal company C, third Cali-
fornia infantry volunteers, praying to be reim-
bursed for money expended in traveling ex-
penses from the place of discharge to the place
of enlistment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of the presi-
dent, directors, and officers of the First Na-
tional Gold Bank of San Francisco, Califor-
nia, praying the passage of a law authorizing
the right to use the issues of national gold
banks for the payment of duties on imports
and other coin payments to be made to the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of B. D.
Wilson and Phineas Banning, of Wilmington,
California, praying that the piece of land
conveyed by them to the United States, in
1863, for the accommodation of United States
troops, may be reconveyed to them; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Samuel Davis, of New Trenton, Indiana,
praying that a pensiou of fifty dollars per
month be granted him; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present a petition
from Plainwell, Michigan, signed by about
two hundred persons, praying for the passage
of the bill known as the Chicago relief bill.
They state that a remonstrance had been cir-1
dilated there in opposition to the passage of
such a bill; but on understanding what the
bill was, believing that lumber should be fur
nished at fair rates, and that the people of
Chicago should have the benefit of purchas-
ing at _l hose rates for the purpose of building
up their city, they ask that the Chicago relief
bill may be passed. As that bill is now before
the Senate, I move that the petition lie ou the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I present a memorial
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in regard to
what is called the Duluth canal across Minne-
sota Point, a canal which has been dug by the
authority of the State of Michigan, and which
has the effect, as is claimed, to destroy the
harbor and Government works at Superior
City, in Wisconsin. I move its reference to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER also presented a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Wiscon-
sin, in favor of the extension of telegraphic
and postal facilities ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying the repeal of the bank-
rupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of fifteen hun-
dred officers and soldiers and sailors of the late
war, citizensof Wisconsin, praying that thepro-
vidions of the bounty land act of September
28,18o0, be extended to officers, soldiers, sail-
ors, and seamen who served between April 12,
1861, and April 19, 1863 ; which was referred
to the Commiitee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present a petition quite
numerously signed by members of the first
regiment of infantry who served in the war of
1812. They state m their memorial that they
are excluded from the ptovistons of the pres-
ent law gr:int mg pensions to the soldiers ot the
war of 1812 by a technicality which ought not
to apply in their case. I move the reler,-nce
of the petition to the Commit ee on Pensions,
and I a«li the chairman of the committer to
be kind enough to give it his own caiefui
examination.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN also presented tbe petition
of Sarah Graffan Glover, praying that a pen-
sion be granted to her sister. Deborah Noiton;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
