1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
throughout the country that the net proceeds
arising from the Bale of the public lands are
to go to the education of the people, there will
be fewer acres of ihe public domain squandered
in Congress by bills for the support of this
or that project for private profit or public im-
provement. I believe that when a Congress-
man, iu thus giving away the public lands,
has to east his vote not only against the will of
the people, but also against an appropriation
of the net proceeds of those public lands for
school purposes, he will hesitate. Thus .a
measure of this kind will be a protection
to the public-land system, and will in fact
save to the country that which it has been
apprehended may be lost by the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I am utterly surprised that
there should have been a word said in this
House against the appropriation of any fund
for the education of the people, and especially
in those States in which millions of uneducated
men have recently been called upon to dis-
charge tbeir duty to their country as citizens
and voters. I am ready to vote not only for
this measure, but for appropriations of the
public money, if necessary, to carry on a system
that shall secure education to those who with
their ancestors for hundreds of years have been
held in bondage, and yet are to-day called upon
to participate in the management of the Gov-
ernment. By the liberating policy of the nation
these people have been raised from slavery to
freedom and endowed with the right to partici-
pate iu the management of the Government.
I say that it is a wise act for the Government
to spend money in educating these millions of
people to whom education is necessary for the
proper discharge of their duties to the country.
Mr. PERCE. I now yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DA.WES. Mr. Speaker, ten minutes
will not suffice even for the simple purpose
of gratifying the ambition expressed by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] on
Friday last, in which 1 confess I am a sharer;
the ambition to connect one's name with so
beneficent a measure. I do not propose to
advocate the details of the bill, but simply the
general idea. It has not the scope which the
gentleman from Ohio seemed to perceive in
it, that of taking thewbole public domain and
consecrating it to this work. Sir, I wish it
did that. 1 wish that every acre now unoccu-
pied by the settler and unappropriated to the
soldier were by this bill consecrated to so good
and noble a purpose as that contemplated by
this bill. Those who have witnessed on this
floor the manner in which the public domain
has been preyed upon within the last ten years
cannot, as they look back upon the disposition
which has been made of it. fail to regret any
omission oil tbeir part to resist the constant
and greedy manner in which it has been spoli-
ated upon the floor of Congress. _ With the
exception of one or two main arteries of rail-
road across the nation, I have voted contin-
ually against the appropriation of the public
lands to railroad purposes; yet so far as
they have been appropriated to the develop-
ment and growth and population of the coun-
try, I do not regret the appropriation. But
such a large share of these lands has gone to
other purposes that it is questionable whether
as a whole the policy has not been bad.
Bui, sir, the bill does not mean, as I wish it
did, that the proceeds of the .public ljtnds are
to be directed exclusively to the points where
they are most needed. 1 recognize the defect
in the bill which has been suggested by the gen-
tlernan from. New Harnpsliiro, Parkeli,]
though not to the extent which he suggests, I
would like to overcome that objection if it were
iu my power, so as to concentrate the whole
of these proceeds upon those points in the
country where we feel there is most neeu of
theui.
Sir, there is nothing that we are so slow to
acknowledge in the growth fttid development
of this Government as that we are becoming
a nation, not only in name, but in everything
that goes along with and makes up a nation.
Our friends on the other side attribute this to
political advance in the administration of the
Government. Sir, the concentration of power
here at Washington, the making here year
by year of this Government more and more a
nation within the last ten years, has been the
result of forces hidden in the very growth and
development of this nation which nothing
could hinder and nothing could stay.
The railroads which traverse the country
from one end to the other, the telegraph
which makes a man who speaks here speak
to the whole nation, the railroads which carry
all trade from one side of the continent to
the other—all of them make State lines, in
spite of all that can be done, but imaginary
lines; make us too much, I am sorry to say,
yet inevitably so, one people, one nation. In
thought, in feeling, in purpose, in impulse, in
action, in everything, we are becoming by
means of these forces one people and one
nation. And what has happened within the
last ten years has been but precipitating re-
sults which were just as inevitable in. the
nature of things as this Government would
grow and avail itself of these improvements
in travel, in skill, in communication, in traf;
fic, in commerce, in thought, in speech, and
in everything that makes a man grow and
develop himself.
I do not desire to hasten it. I do not desire
to do anything which will hasten this result.
I only say it is our duty to recognize the exist-
ence of these forces. And when we passed
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution,
when it became necessary as a result of the
war for the national Government to undertake
to regulate the franchise in this country, and
to say who should aud who should not have
the ballot in this country, so that a ballot cast
in Massachusetts or Arkansas, or upon the
Pacific slope or in Pennsylvania, not only
affected the locality where it was dropped, but
the whole nation alike, it became absolutely
necessary we should take upon us the burden
also along with this constitutional enactment;
that all we clothed with this power should abo
be furnished by us, for our own safety and
protection and self-defense, with that _ intelli-
gence which shall make the power in their
hands a power for protection and strength,
rather than for destruction and weakness. We
can no longer shut our eves, we can no longer
throw off the obligation we took upon ourselres
when we clothed these people, four million at
the South, and in all the States—when the peo-
ple undertook here as a part of the great devel-
opment to which I have alluded, and as one of
the necessary results from it, that we would
recognize the elective franchise—from that
moment it was one of the necessities of the
Government that those we clothed with the
ballot should have the means of casting that
ballot intelligently. Sir, "there is that scat-
tered and yet iticreaseth, and there is that
withholdeth more than is meet, but it teadeth
to poverty."
Mr. PERCE. I will now yield for a min-
ute to the Delegate -from Arizona, [Mr.
McCormick.] .
Mr. McCOllMICK, of Arizona. I had hoped
the opportunity would be given me to say some-
thing for the Territories of the United States;
but as I am to be allowed but a single minute,
1 ask that I may be permitted to print what I
have to siy on this most important question.
Leave was granted: and the remarks will be
printed in th** Appendix.
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Speaser, before pro-
ceedioc to the discussion of the bill itself* I
desire to call the attention of the H^use for a
moment to one or two amendments, in sec-
tion four of the bill we provide that one had
of the net proceeds of the public lauds for the
previous year shall be apportioned among the
several States and Territories and the Dis-
trict of Columbia on the basis of population.
The committee, in framing the bill, endeavored
as far as possible to place the funds to be
derived from the proceeds of the public lands
in the places where they were actually needed ;
but, in looking over the whole ground, we came
to the conclusion that the basis of population
would be the only basis acceptable to the House.
The amendment offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] bases this ap-
portionment upon the population of the States
and Territories between the ages of four and
twenty-one years. When this amendment was
submitted, we referred the matter to the Cen-
sus Bureau, and ascertained that these were
census ages, and that such population couid
be ascertained from the tables of the Census
Bureau as easily as the entire population of
the States. The amendment will have this
effect: that the fund will he more largely dis-
tributed where there are more children to re-
ceive the benefits thereof. It is a fact ascer-
tained by the census tables that we have more
children in the South than there are in the
North, and that there are more children in
the West than there are in the East. We desire
to place this fund and to give the benefit of
it to sections of the eountry where there are
the greater number of children to be educated.
So far, therefore, as I am concerned, I ask the
House to sustain the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Butlek.]
We have, sir, another amendment offered by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxd.]
In framing the bill the committee desired to
avoid all questions in regard to the previous
distribution of the public lands," whether by
way of bounty or through homestead laws, or
otherwise. We had, as we believed, entirely
escaped interfering, in anyway, shape, or man-
ner, with any of these laws. Neither did we
intend to bind Congress, for that was impos-
sible, as to the future; but as some genJe-
men thought that would be the effect of it. I
submit that the amendment of the gentleman
from Vermont will cure any defect that maj.
possibly exist in the bill in that regard.
Another amendment to the bill, which is in
accordance with my own individual views, is
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Goodrich,] which provides—
That for the first ten years the distribution of the
said iund to and amontr the several States and Ter-
ritories, including the District of Columbia, shall be
made according to the ratio of the illiteracy of their
respective populations, as shown, from time to time,
by the last receding published census of the Unites
States.
Upon the first blush this will appear to be
a premium upon ignorance, but I know of no
other means of givmg any fund created by the
United States for the purpose of stimulating
education to such portions of the country as
most greatly need it, other than the method
offered by the gentleman from New York. I
recognize in its full force the objection of the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Par-
ker] to giving this fund to the northern States
where it is not needed. I know, sir, that, in
the northern States there are systems of public
education thoroughly organized and far ad-
vances, but I also know that in the South we
are new upon all questions of education: thut
we have a vast proportion of the population
new-born to freedom, and just eiueijring fioni
the ignorance and corrupting influences of
bondage, and another portion of the popula-
tion with all their mental and moral being still
shrouded in the shadow of slavery, and resist -
iug with all their power and in every way (from
the passive policy of keeping their children
from the public school up to the burning of
school-houses and whipping and murdering
teachers) the system of education, and ttiat we
must have some stimulus applied from outside
the State government to infuse life into the
school system, which the Republican party of
the South are endeavoring to inaugurate iu
that section. As before stated, the basis of
population seomsd to thy committee} ihougti
