1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2653
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
has not been imported to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I will withdraw the motion
if the Senator from New York wants a vote
on his amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have
that amendment adopted. I only need the
vote of the Senator from Minnesota to carry
it unanimously.. Will the Senator let me
h^ge it?
mr. RAMSEY. It ia changing the present
law. The position the Senator from Vermont
took when he was in was that his desire was
to maintain the present law, and hence he in-
sisted upon an amendment. He said that if
we proposed to change the law he would con-
sent to our proposition with his amendment.
You propose to change the law. Let us print
the amendments, and go on into the Senate,
and then move your amendment. We stand
by the law as it is now.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not this committee
amendment making doable postage within
three rnilos?
Mr. RAMSEY. That feature probably is
changed. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, "my
poverty but not my will consents."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New York move his amendment?
Mr. RAMSEY. I prefer that he should
reserve it until we get in the Senate and have
it in print.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall not move it
now.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be printed as amended.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before put-
ting the question the Chair will, in accordance
with the order of the Senate, call up the
North Carolina election case, to make it on
record the unfinished business. Wit.h the
assent of the Senate, that resolution is before
the Senate. It is moved that the Senate do
new adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at eleven
o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 22, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butlek, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read.
CORRECTION.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege. On Friday last,, on the motion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] to recommit the civil service bill, with
the pending amendments, to the select com-
mittee, I am not recorded in the Journal
as having voted. I voted in the negative, and
ask the correction to be made.
The correction was made ; and the Journal,
as corrected, was then approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the Stales and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
sixteen minutes after twelve o'clock.
UN!TI'.0 STATUS COURTS IN NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. BELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
233(5) to change the place of holding the term
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States lor the district of New Hampshire;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2337) changing the
place of holding a term of the circuit court of
the United States for the district of New Hamp-
shire ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
DANFORD MOTT.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2338) for the relief ofDanford Mott; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
SARAH POND.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2339) granting a pension to Sarah
Pond; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to be
printed.
YACHT BLUE.
Mr. TWICHELL introduced a bill (H. R.
N o. 2340) to change the name of the pleasure-
yacht Ellie, of Boston, Massachusetts ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
YACHT RED HOT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, intro-
duced a bill (Ii. R. No. 2341) to allow the
yacht Red Hot to take the name of Addie
Parker, and be registered under that^ name ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2342) to repeal the sixth sec-
tion of the act approved June 21, 18G0, en-
titled ''An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army lor the year ending the
30th day of June, 1850which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
THE CURRENCY.
Mr. WOOD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2343) to prevent contraction and expansion of
the money market, and to give elasticity to the
currency; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
C. B. FCIIGUSON,
Mr. GOODRICH introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2344) for the relief of C. B. Furguson,
deceased, late captain and assistant quarter-
master United States Army; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee ou the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
DANIEL O. CLEVELAND.
Mr. CARROLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2345) for the relief of Daniel 0. Cleve-
land, postmaster at Broadalbin, in the State of
New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
TAXES ON SPIRITS AND TOBACCO.
Mr. ELY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2346)
to amend an act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, approved July 20, 1868:
which was read a firstand second time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr WILLIAMS, of New York, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 138) construing
an act entitled " An act to grantpensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812 and their widows,
approved February 14, 1871; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-,
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
MARY M'ALMSTKR.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2347) granting a pen-
sion to Mary McAllister; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
REDUCTION OP TAXES.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a bill _(H. R. No.
2348) for the further reduction of taxes and
encouragement of commerce; which was read
a first and .second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF TARIFF BILL.
Mr. KELLEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing :
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the tariff
bill reported by the minority of the Ways and Means
Committee be printed for the use of the House.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2349) to prohibit the pay-
ment of expenses of unsuccessful contests by
persons claiming seats in Congress; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
HENRY ROGERS.
Mr. SC0FIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2350) for the relief of Henry Rogers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
J. W. IRWIN.
Mr. McJUNICIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2351) for the relief of J. W. Irwin; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
HEIRS OF JOHN HENRY, DECEASED.
Mr. PLATT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2352) for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of John Henry, deceased ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
HOMESTEADS TO SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. PLATT also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2353) to amend an act entitled "An act to
enabie honorably discharged solders and sail-
ors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
United States;" which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF STATES IN WAR OF 1812.
Mr. TERRY introduced a bill (n. R. No.
2354) to provide for a recomputation of the
accounts between the United States and the
several States growing out of moneys ex-
pended by said States in the war of 1812;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
JUDI01A L .DISTRICT, GEORGIA.
Mr. DU BOSB introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2355) to establish the third judicial district of
the State of Georgia
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. HANKS. I should like to have thai
bill reported.
The bill was read, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OK POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2356) to remove the political disabilities of
certain persons therein named; which was
read a first and sccond time, referred to the
Committee on the judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
