4446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
and eight strike oat "forty" and insert
"forty two;" in line eight,strike out " seventy-
six" and insert'' fifty-six," (that is, to strike out
"$112.740 76" and insert "$39,242 56;")
and in line nine strike out " under his contract
■with" and insert " against."
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to suspend the rules and non-concur
in these amendments of the Senate, and ask a
committee of conference thereon.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. In the absence of
the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr. Scofield,] I desire to say that
this bill was reported unanimously from that
committee, and the amount named is just the
amount, found by the Court of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object unless it can be
general.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, non concur in the
Senate amendments, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 73, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
During the count by the tellers,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I insist that upon the
passage of a bill appropriating $100,000 gen-
tlemen shall vote for themselves.
Mr. PETERS. They winked at me when
they went through. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER The Chair hopes that the
tellers will be able to make their count with-
out any dispute.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 100, noes 17.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The question being taken on ordering the
yeas and nays, there were—ayes 17, noes 79.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor there-
of) the rules were suspended, and the motion
of Mr. Peters was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints as
conf«rees on the part of the House upon the
bill just acted on the gentleman from Maine,
Mr. Pkteuh, the gentleman from Connecticut,
Mr. Starkweather, and the gentleman from
Indiana, Mr. holman.
post route bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent that the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No 2935) to establish cer-
tain post roads be taken from the Speaker's
table and concurred in. The amendments are
merely for the establishment of additional
post routes; they involve no legislation.
There being no objection,' the amendments
of the Senate were taken up and concurred in.
steam pressure on towing-boats, etc.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
take a recess till three o'clock. No public
business is being acted on ; we are simply
disposing of private claims.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] to yield to me for a
bill of a public character.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will do so.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to suspend the
rules and pass the bill (S. No. 1184) relating
to the limitation of steam pressure on towing
and freight-boats on the Mississippi river and
its tributaries.
The bill was read. It provides that the pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act to provide
for the better security of life on vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam," &c.,
approved February 28, 1871, so far as they
relate to the limitation of steam pressure on
steamboats used exclusively for towing and
carrying freight on the Mississippi river and
its tributaries, be so far modified as to substi-
tute for such boats one hundred and fifty
pounds of steam pressure in place of one hun-
dred and ten pounds as provided in that act,
for the standard pressure upon standard boil-
ers of forty-two inches diameter and of plates
of one quarter of an inch in thickness; and
such boats may, on the written permit of the
supervising inspector of the district in which
such boats shall carry on their business for a
period of twelve months from and after the
passage of this act, be permitted to carry steam
above the standard pressure of one hundred
and ten pounds, but not exceeding the standard
of one hundred and fifty pounds to the square
inch.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask that a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury on this subject be
read.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. STEYENSON. I object to the reading
of that letter unless the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Negley] will permit amend-
ments to be offered.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules and pass the bill as it came from the
Senate. Does the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania yield ?
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] be not
agreed to, will it not then be in order to sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, with the
amendments of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger?]
The SPEAKER. As a matter of course it
will.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope, then, the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be
voted down.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Negley, it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended and the bill passed with the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conoer.]
Mr. NEGLEY. I have charge of the bill
and am entitled to the floor. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] should have the
courtesy to withdraw his interference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I made my motion that
the amendment of the gentleman from Mich-
igan might be voted on.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Congee] will
be read.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following proviso:
That there shall also be for the period of one year
from and after the passage of this act a suspension
of the provisions of any existing law, or of any reg-
ulation under the law, requiring the use of the fol-
lowing articles, or imposing on steamboats the fol-
lowing restrictions: lock-up safety-valves, recording
steam-gauges, pipes to carry steam into the hold of
vessels, low-water indicators, and testing-pumps;
and rules and regulations of the board of inspectors
shall conform for the time being to this provision.
Mr. CONGER. This amendment accords
with the bill which tho House has already
passed, and which is now before the Senate.
Mr. NEGLEY. Aud the gentleman ex-
pects to defeat this measure which he him-
self offered and had passed last December by
adding this amendment. I hope the House
will vote it down.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Holman, to suspend the rules and pass the
bill with the amendment, it was agreed to, two
thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. NEGLEY. I shall not insist upon a
farther count; but I hold the gentleman re-
sponsible for the passage of the bill in the
Senate.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Simpson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2050) for the relief of J.
S. Underhill; and
An act (H. R. No. 2622) for the relief of
James De Long, late United States consul at
Aux Cayes, Hayti.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 2942) for (he construc-
tion of a custom-house, bonded warehouse, and
post office at Port Huron, Michigan.
retired army officers.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to an act (S. No. 2697)
relative to retired officers of the Army.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
Strike out these words:
Hereafter all retired officers shall bo paid the
amount prescribed for retired officers of the rank
held by them in the regular Army at the date of tbeir
retirement.
So that the bill will then read:
That all officers of the United States Army who
may hereafter be retired shall be retired upon the
actual rank held by them at the date of retirement.
Sec. 2. That the thirty-second section of the act to
increase and fix the military peaceestablisbmentof
the United States, approved July 28,1866, is hereby
repealed.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. KILLINGBR. I move to take a recess
until three o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in order
to be perfectly safe about the enrollment of
bills, he make the hour two o'clock p. m.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I hope my colleague
will withdraw his motion so that we may take
up and pass a measure coming from the Sen-
ate in reference to the planting of trees. It is
a shady subject. It is. Senate bill No. 680,
for encouraging the growth of timber on the
western prairies. It is not precisely the bill
I desire.
Mr. ICILLINGER. There are twenty gen-
tlemen asking the same privilege, and I insist
on my motion.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 508) for the relief of certain tribes of In-
dians in the northern superinteadency ; when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentle-
man that we take a recess until half past two
o'clock.
Mr. KILLINGBR. Very well; I so mod-
ify my motion that we take a recess until
half past two o'clock.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
77, noes 32.
The motion was agreed to.
And then (at twelve o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House took a recess until
half past two o'clock p. m.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
The House, at half past two o'clock p. m.,
resumed its session.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2780) for the relief of W.
W. Griffin;
An act (H. R. No. 2879) for relief of Eliza B.
Anderson; and
An act (H. R. No. 2935) to establish certain
post roads.
