1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 18,
He also presented the petition of Sarah Graf
fan Glover, praying that a pension be granted
to her sister, Cornelia Allen; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying that no law repeal-
ing the duties on tea and coffee may take effect
until ninety days after its enactment; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. NORWOOD presented a petition of
citizens of Georgia, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the French between
the years 1798 and 1801; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented three
memorials of citizens of Michigan, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the Chicago relief
bill so far as it relates to the remission of
duties on lumber; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of James
P. Gillespie, praying for a moiety of the pro-
ceeds of four hundred and sixty-five casks of
distilled spirits and other property of one
Bernard Bsch, seized by the collector of in-
ternal revenue for the fifth collection district
of Ohio for and on account of frauds of Esch
in the manufacture of distilled spirits; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ease
of MciCcan Buchanan, on the tiles of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-IIOUSE RKPOltT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing have had under consideration a concurrent
resolution recommended by the Committee on
Investigation and Retrenchment for the pub-
lication of their report and the testimony taken
by them in regard to the New York custom-
house, and as a majority of the Committee on
Printing are on that committee also, I suppose
it is probably reported by the committee. I
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved bp the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there bo printed ten thou-
sand copies of the report of and testimony taken
before the Senate Committee on Investigation and
Retrenchment in regard to alleged abuses in the
New York custom-house, four thousand of which
shall be for the use of tho Senate, and six thousand
for the useot the House; also twenty thousand copies
of tho report exclusive of the testimony, eight thou-
sand of which shall be for the use of the Senate, and
twelve thousand for the House.
BARTHOLOMEW COUSIN.
Mr. BLAIR. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 790) extending the provisions of an
act entitled "An act for the relief of certain
purchasers of lands from the legal representa-
tives of Bartholomew Cousin," approved Feb
ruary 18, 1871, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment; and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to extend for one
year the provisions of an act entitled "An act
for the relief of certain purchasers of lands
from the legal representatives of Bartholomew
Cousin," approved February 18, 1871.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 will state in explanation
that this bill simply proposes to extend the
time fixed in a bill passed at the last Congress,
giving a certain time for these put chasers to
make up their claims. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office has written me a
letter in regard to it, recommending that the
time be extended one year. I have the letter
here, and it can be read if any one desires it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CANCELLATION' 01' A DEED.
Mr. CARPENTER, The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial
of Phebe G. Adams, asking to have a certain
deed from one Whaling and wife to the Uni-
ted States canceled by act of Congress, have
instructed me to report a bill; and 1 will state
very briefly what the case is as shown by the
proof. The Government entered into a nego-
tiation for the purchase of a piece of land in
'Vicksburg for the purpose of a marine hos-
pital. The owner made out a deed signed by
himself and wife and had it recorded in the
rpcords of that county and forwarded it to
Washington. Subsequently, the Department
changed their minds on the subject, never paid
for the property, never asked an appropriation
for it, and concluded, I believe, not to employ
it for that purpose. Tim bill simply provides
that the deed shall be canceled and the Uni-
ted States renounce all title nnder it; and I
ask for its present consideration. It is import-
ant to the party that it should pass at once.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 823)
to cancel a certain deed to the United States
of America was read twice, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
cancel and declare of no effect the deed from
Thomas Whaling and Anna Whaling, his wife,
to the United States of America, dated Feb-
ruary 28, 1856, conveying certain lands in
Vicksburg, in the State of Mississippi, re-
corded in book Z, pages 447 and 448, of rec-
ords of deeds, in the county of Warren, Mis-
sissippi, and the United States of America
renounce and disclaim all right and title to
the lands conveyed by the deed.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to report back a resolution of the
Legislature of New Jersey recommending the
purchase of Independence Hall, and to ask
that it be indefinitely postponed. In my own
opinion, no person would ask for this who has
a soul worth praying for. It seems to be very
much on a par with the proposition of the new
government of Washington for cutting the
public park in two and establishing a great,
snorting, roaring nuisance of steam engines on
Pennsylvania avenue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from its further considera-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what that
report is about.
_ Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of New Jersey asking
for the purchase of Independence Hall, re-
ported adversely by the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. If it has any relation to
the speech of the Senator, I object to it; but
if the report has no relation to his speech,
then I do not care what they report.
Mr.' HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 757) to carry into effect the fourth
article of the treaty of February 23, 1867, with
the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw, and other
Indians, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 204)
for the relief of Lewis Johnson & Co., reported
it adversely, and recommended its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. PRATT. In behalf of the minority of
the Committee on Claims, I desire to present
their views on that bill and ask that they be
printed, and that the bill go on the Calendar,
so that it may be considered by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, and if there be no
objection the views of the minority will be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 642) to relinquish the title of the
United States to certain lands in the State of
Louisiana, reported it adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
SENATORIAL RECOMMENDATIONS TO OFFICES.
Mr. C0NKLTNG-. I ask the Senate to take
up a resolution which has been up two or three
times before in the morning hour. I think
there will be no difficulty in having a vote upon
it this morning. If it is taken up I will let it
lie aside for the regular morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pendingthe call
of reports of committees the Senator from New
York asks the Senate to take up at the present
time the resolution offered by himself in regard
to recommendations to office. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none, and the resolu-
tion is before the Senate. The Senator from
New York states that he will now yield to
moruing business.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
824) to authorize the purchase of a patent;
which was read twice by its title, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 825) to annul an act of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia entitled
"An act to incorporate the National Junction
Railroad Company," and to prevent the build-
ing or operating of steam railways in said Dis-
trict without the consent of Congress; which
was read twice by its title, and, with the ac-
companying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and byunanimius
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 826) to aid in rebuilding the levees on the
Mississippi; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the select Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi River, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RIOE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 827) for the relief of the freedmen of the
Choctaw and Chickasaw nations; which was
read twice by its title, and, with the accom-.
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and byunanimous
consent obtaiued, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 828) authorizing the construction of a
bridge.across the Missouri river opposite to
or withm the corporate limits of Nebraska
City, Nebraska; which was read twice .by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 829) granting the Kearney military reser-
vation to the State of Nebraska, for the use and
benefit of the Nebraska State Deaf and Dumb
and Insane Asylum ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 830) to create a United States court for
the Indian territory; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on tho
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 831) to amend an act entitled " An act to
amend the fifth section of an act entitled 'An
act donating public land to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts,' approved July-2, 1862, so as to extend
the time within which the provisions of said
act shall be accepted and such colleges estab-
lished," approved July 23, 1866; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
