3550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. POMEROY. I mean the two Senators
from Oregon are agreed on an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to proceed
with what 1 was saying when I was interrupted.
I understand now that the Senator from
Nevada was not assailing the administration
by the State of California of her agricultural
college lands. I am very glad to hear that, for
it, struck me as a most unmerited accusation
on his part, as I understood it. The State of
California received a grant direct of the thirty
thousand acres for each Senator atid Repre-
sentative in the usual form of such grants by
Congress. The State made the very best dis-
position conceivable of those lands. She do-
nated them to her State university. The board
of trustees of that university was made up of
the very best men in the State that could be
selected for the purpose, men chosen for the
most part with special reference to their quali-
fications to administer such a trust. If it be
true, as the Senator from Nevada lias stated,
that some person sought to abuse the bounty
of Congress and also the act of Congress passed
since I came into the Senate which I had the
honor, as I deemed it, of aiding to pass here,
that is one of those evils inseparable from all
human affairs in government. The fact, on the
statement of the Senator from Nevada, that
the trustees of the board proceeded at once to
rectify the attempted abuse which he alleges,
proves what I say. It does not, therefore, fall
within the limits of accurate statement, for any
Senator to accuse the State of California of
maladministration of her agricultural college
lands.
That was all I rose to say in the beginning,
and all I desire to say now. Whenever the
question as to the swamp and overflowed lands
conies fairly before the Senate, I think it will
not be difficult to show that the real pith of
that whole contest is whether the railroad
companies on our coast shall be permitted to
swallow up all those swamp and overflowed
lands under the very thin disguise of an inor-
dinate zeal for the interest of the settler.
Mr. STEWART. I think it will turnout
right the other way. I think it will turn out
that there is an organization of a large num-
ber of men there, and that they howl about
railroads for the purpose of stealing a large
portion of that best lands of that State.
Mr. CORBETi\ The object of this bill is
to give to our State about ninety thousand
acres of land, and I do not wish those lands
to be sold for less than $2 50 an acre. The
provision of the bill is that the State may
select double minimum lands. Therefore I
do not wish the fund to be decreased. I
would rather fix the limit at a higher price,
but I am willing to fix it at $2 50 as a mini-
mum, and leave it to the State to determine
whether they will sell them for a higher price
than that, and require that where settlement
is made preference shall be given to actual
settlers. T hope the amendment which I have
drawn up as a compromise between my col-
league and myself will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That such lands shall not be sold by
said State tor less than $2 5U per acre, and where
settlement is made upon the same, preference in alt
cases shall be given to actual settlers at the price
for which said lands may be offered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
LAND TITLES IN IOWA.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 986.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 986) to settle land
titles in the State of Iowa.
The preamble recites that in the adjustment
of the several grants of land made to the State
of Iowa, and to corporations existing under
the laws of that State, to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads, the improvement of rivers,
and for other public purposes, lands have been
certified to the State and to those corporations,
on which settlements and valuable improve-
ments had been made in good f'titj? by home-
stead and preemption settlers, in conformity
with the requirements of the homestead and
preemption laws of the United States, with the
concurrence and sanction of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office and subordinate
officers in the respective districts; on which
the settlers still reside, or from which they
have been ejected by legal process in favor of
any one of the corporations.
The bill therefore proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior and the Governor of
the State of Iowa to appoint and constitute a
board of commissioners, consisting of three
discreet persons, oneof whomistobeappointed
by the Secretary and one by the Governor,
and the third by the Secretary and Governor
jointly, to examine each and all of the claims
of the settlers. The board is to hold its ses-
sions in the city of Des Moines, in the State
of Iowa, of which due notice is to be given,
and is to have authority to administer oaths
by its chairman, and to take testimony.
The board is to ascertain when each of the
homestead entries were made and the pre-
emption settlements were commenced, whether
the preemption and homestead settlers com-
plied or offered to comply in good faith with
the requirements of law, and the value of such
improvements, and whether the lands thus
settled upon were erroneously certified or
j patented to the State of Iowa or to any of the
! corporations, and report their finding to the
Secretary of the Interior; but. the purchaser
and subsequent occupant of any such improve-
ment of a bona fide settler under the laws is
to have the same rights under the provisions
of this act as the original homestead or pre-
emption settler.
In each case reported by the board as hav-
iug been erroneously certified or patented on
which settlement and improvement has been
made in good faith as provided by the home-
stead and preemption laws, the Secretary of
the Interior is, if approved by him, to cause a
patent to be issued to the settler or his suc-
cessor or assigns, or, in case of his death, to
his heirs.
In each case reported by the board as hav-
ing been legally certified, the Secretary is to
cause land scrip to issue to the settler, or his
heirs or assigns, for the value of his improve-
ments as reported by the board, estimating
the scrip at $1 25 per acre, which scrip may
be located on any public lands of the United
States subject to sale at private entry or re-
ceived in payment for preemption entries, at
the minimum price, or on double minimum
lands at the rate of two acres of scrip for one
acre of land. The Secretary is also to cause
the money which such settler may have paid
to the United States in such entry to be re-
funded to him.
The commissioners are to be entitled to
receive compensation at the rate of eight dol-
lars per day and their necessary expenses for
room rent, light, fuel, stationery, and clerk
hire.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line nine, after the
word "settlers," to insert "that may be filed
with them;" in line twelve, after the word
" given, " to insert " by publication and at
the end of the section, to insert " and to pre-
scribe rules and regulations for the transac-
tionof the business before them so that the
section will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior and the Gov-
ernor of the State of Iowa be, and they are hereby,
authorized to appoint and constitute a board of
commissioners, consisting of three discreet persons,
one of whom shall be appointed by said Secretary,
and one by the said Governor, and the third by the
said Secretary and Governor jointly, to examine
each and all of said claims of said settlers that may
be filed with them; that said board shall hold its ses-
sions in the city of Des Moines, in the State of Iowa,
of which due notice shall be given by publication,
and shall have authority to administer oaths by its
chairman, and to take testimony, and to prescribe
rules and regulations for the transaction of the busi-
ness before them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line one, after the word " shall," to iusert the
words " upon application."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 5. That said commissioners shall ascertain
the number of acres of land and the value thereof,
exclusive of improvements, situated within the lim-
its of the so-called Des Moines river grant, in the
State of Iowa, and north of the mouth of the Rac-
coon fork of said Des Moines river, held by settlers
under the preemption or homestead laws of the
United States, and which lands may, agreeably to
the principles of the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of William B. Wells
w. Hannah Kiley, be held by the Des Moines Navi-
gation Company adversely to the said settlers, and
on what terms the said Des Moines Navigation
Company, or their assignees, will relinquish the
same to the United States, and report the facts to
Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HlTCHCOCK subsequently said: r
desire to enter a motion to reconsider Semite
bill No. 986, which was passed a short time
ago, in regard to certain land titles in the
State of Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the hon-
orable Senator desires to move an amendment
so as to exclude his own State from its opera-
tion. I have no objection to that. I hope
that may be done by common consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that the only
amendment that the Senator desires?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I shall be satisfied
with that, amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska desires to reconsider the vote
on the passage of Senate bill No. 986 so that
he can move an amendment to exempt his
own State from its operation. The Senator
from Iowa consents to it, and if there be no
objection that amendment will be regarded
as agreed to, and the bill repassed with the
amendment, and it is so ordered.
GUEAT SALT LAKE AND COLORADO RAILWAY.
Mr. POMEROY. I now have two or three
bills granting the right of way to certain rail-
road companies. In the first place, I report
back frotn the Committee on Public Lands
the bill (S. No. 737) to incorporate the Great
Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway Com-
pany, and to grant to said company a right
of way through the public lands of the United
States, and also report back the bill (H. R.
No. 2199) to incorporate the Great Salt Lake
and Colorado River Railway Company, and
to grant to said company the right of way
through the public lands of the United States.
I move that the Senate bill be indefinitely
postponed, and then I ask the Senate to take
up the House bill and act upon it, because
that will close the question and dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) If there be no dissent
the Senate bill will be indefinitely postponed
and the House bill considered.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2199)
to incorporate the Great Salt Lake and Colo-
rado River Railway Company, and to grant to
said company a right of way through the pub-
lic lands of the United States. It proposes to
