862
THE COtfGKESSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 6,
desirous of applying the fund where most
needed, as the one most likely to meet favor
in the House. 1 am convinced, however, by
the course of this debate, that the Representa-
tives of the northern States are more just, more
generous, than we gave them credit for. I
believe it to be tbe general desire of the House
to add to the boon of freedom conferred upon
the colored man the blessings of education, and
so believing I shall ask the House to support
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Goodrich.] The amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee makes the
basis of apportionment the number of children
of school age, and is intended to be as perma-
nent as the grant itself. The amendment of
the gentleman Irom New York is intended to
meet the immediate pressing necessities and
wants of the country.
I ask the friends of the measure to support
these amendments. After a careful examina-
tion of all other amendments proposed, we
cannot give them our support. Most of the
points made by them were considered by the
committee in framing the bill, and after care-
ful discussion and reflection were rejected.
We ask the friends of the bill to steadily vote
down all amendments'save those referred to.
In preparing the bill before the House I had
no idea that it would be attacked on constitu-
tional grounds. I could not conceive how a
measure intended to stimulate, strengthen, and
build up the educational system of the several
States could be construed into an attack upon
the rights of those States, but as such a course
has been pursued and its constitutionality chal-
lenged, I cannot consent to permit the argu-
ment or the challenge to go unanswered. In
submitting any remarks upon the right of the
General Uovernment to establish a national
system of education, I must protest they are
not germane to the issues presented by the bill,
but are entirely in response to arguments seized
upon by the other side of the House in want of
belter. They must say somethiug, so the old
cliangesarerungupontbe rights of States. Sir,
if there be in the English language a phrase, or
if there bo in political history or philosophy a
principle, (he people of this country havearight
to loatlioand detest, it is the phrase State rights
and the principle it distinguishes, when those
rights and those principles have a Democratic
interpretation. State rights was the cry of des-
potism and slavery through seventy long years
of Democratic rule, and the slave driver's lash
whistling through the air ever sung the song
of ''reserved rights and delegated powers."
State rights, surrounded by its immense ditch
of " domestic institutions," was the last strong-
hold of slavery destroyed by the enlightened
progress of freedom. State rights was the
lather of secession, and aut hor of all the blood-
sited, disease, death, and desolation of the
rebellion ; and now when the personal free-
dom of tbe people throughout our whole coun-
try is attained, and freedon of mind is attempt-
ed, we hear the old war-cry of "Slate rights,"
"delegated powers," "reserved rights," and
"unconstitutional law," from the mouths of
the same party which so long has attempted
to block the progiess of true liberty.
While I say this much I do not wish to be
understood as attempting opposition to the
principle of divided sovereignty distinguish-
ing our peculiar form of government. Prop-
erly interpreted, it conserves the rights of the
individual citizen just as surely as an erroneous
interpretation did- attempt the life of the na-
tion. lean conceive other methods of securing
civil and religious liberty, and that is the great
end to be attained in all free Governments ;
but I cannot say either of these other methods
are so well calculated to sustain and perpet-
uate that liberty as by that peculiar form of
divided sovereignty, where the power of the
nation and the power of the States, if either
be assailed, and the rights of the individual
citizen of both State and nation, at all times
are protected by the paramount Constitution
of the land. But, sir, when an attempt is
made to bar the elevation and enlightenment
of mankind by arraying this peculiar form
of government against them, I sa.y the con-
struction is erroneous or the principle is
wrong, and against either will do battle to the
uttermost. I proceed to examine more fully
the arraignment of the Constitution made by
the Democratic side of the House. I find by
the preamble of the Constitution that its
objects were:
"To form a more perfect Union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for tliecommon
defense, promoto the general wolfare, and secure the
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity."
These were the great objects to be attained.
If they are secured, the Constitution has ful-
filled the intention of its authors; if not, it and
the Government of which it is emphatically the
foundation is a failure. In carrying oat these
objects we find the provision that—
"The Congress shall have power" * * *
to provide for the common defense and general
welfare of tho United States."
And—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by the Consti-
tution in the Government of theUnited States, or in
any department or officer thoroof."
The great charter of our Government neces-
sarily deals in general language. Its authors
were not creating an ephemeral law unto them-
selves, but were building the foundation where-
on to rest all the laws of a great and growing
nation through all time. They could not know
the wants or provide for the necessity of the
unknown future by minute detail. The Consti-
tution must expand with the growth of the
nation, and hence, as is aptly stated by the
court in the case of Martin vs. Hunter, 1
Wheaton, page 304:
" Its powers are expressed in general terms, leav-
ing to tho Legislature from time to time to adopt
its own means to effectuate legitimate objects, and
to mold and remodel the exercise of its own powers
as its own wisdom and tho publio interests should
require."
This being the general formation of the
national Government, let us turn for a moment
to the question of State government. There
is no doubt that the division of this country
into several States resulted from the accident
of colonization, and is therefore to be attributed
to the providence of the Supreme Ruler rather
than to the wisdom of man. It becomes us,
therefore, in investigating this subject to search
for reasons why this accident should inure to
our great good. The blessings of this forma-
tion of our institutions do not follow a blind,
unreasoning love of place, paramount to the
allegiance of the subject to the nation; the
boasted allegiance of the southern citizen to
the State of his nativity was nothing more, and
resembled tho unreasoning instinct of the
beasts of the field following their leader to the
slaughter-pen, rather than the thoughtful action
of free citizens. If there be not philosophy
in this divided sovereignty, then is it worse
than useless. What, then, is the advantage
of the distinct rights of the State under the
general Constitution?
I assert, sir, it is that thereby the general
principles and powers of the whole Govern-
ment, State, and nation, through the ma- '
chinery of the government of each State, are
carried into minute detail in accordance with
the wishes and wants of every distinct local-
ity; and in return the individual, through the
organization of the several States with their
town councils, county boards, State Legisla-
ture, and the executive and judicial branches
of government, is educated in the duties of a
citizen of a free Government, made to com-
prehend his responsibility as a citizen, and
prepared to sustain his pait in the social
organism. Carried thus far, the doctrines of
State rights have ever proved a blessing; car-
ried beyond this, they plunged the country into
a fratricidal warfare, the results whereof uo
man can yet foretell.
The powers I have cited as given in express
terms to the General Government are among
the most comprehensive grants contained in the
Constitution. President Madison declared that
"the common defense and general welfare
embrace every object and act within the pur-
view of a legislative trust;" while upon the
same subject, Alexander Hamilton said:
" The phrase (general welfare) is as comprehensive
as any that couid have been used, because it was not
lit that the constitutional authority of the Union to
appropriate its revenue should have been restricted'
within narrower limits than thegeneral welfare, and
because this necessarily embraced a vast variety of
particulars which are susceptible neither of specifi-
cation nor of definition."
Now, sir, I take it there is no one bold
enough to deny that education elevates and
ennobles its possessors. It has been demon-
strated by the history of the world from the
earliest known dates to the present hour that
as a people become more enlightened so do they
become better citizens, more obedient in peace
and more terrible in war. History is so full
of illustrations of this fact that the proposition
has become axiomatic. In a construction of
the Constitution we are not bound to rules sim-
ilar to those governing the courts in expound-
ing law under the Constitution; nay, the courts
themselves are bound by entirely different rules
in the construction of the Constitution as dis-
tinguished from the laws under it, and have so
held from the earliest days of the Republic.
The intentions of the Constitution are expressed
in its preamble, and being so expressed they be-
come principles of the Government formed by
that Constitution and control its construction.
Every clause vesting power in the United
States relates back to the principle stated in
the preamble, and admitting that the intelli-
gence of the people makes them more law-
abiding, upright, peaceable, honest, and brave,
you declare the necessity of providing for the
common defense and promoting the general
welfare by proper laws for the education of
our citizens.
1_ believe, sir, I have established the prop-
osition that the education of the people comes
within the express clause of the Constitution.
But the power of the Government to establish
an educational system does not entirely rest
upon the express grant of power to Congress.
On the contrary, I assert that the provision
that " the United States shall guaranty to
every State in' this Union a republican form
of government" is amply sufficient.
Under this section the subject ceases to be
a constitutional question, and resolves itself
into a question of necessity. The necessity
proven, there is no doubt of the power. I do
not believe there is a gentleman on the floor
of this House who will assert that a republican
form of government couid be maintained by a
people entirely ignorant; nay, with a majority
of the people in ignorance. A republican
Government, based upon thewill of the people,
expressed by them from time to time through
appointed means, presupposes an amount of
intelligence in-the citizen necessary to grasp
the_ various questions presented to him for
action.
A Government republican in form goes be-
yond a Government based upon the mere will
of the people. The latter may be monarchical
in form, as claimed by. the late empire of
France, while the American idea of a republic
contemplates a constitutional charter dividing
the powers into executive, legislative, and judi-
cial brahches, each independent of and dis-
tinct from the other, elected by the people, or
chosen as they may direct, at stated periods, out
of and by the body of the people, every citi-
zen having absolute equality in the exercise
of his rights in making such choice. Such a
republic can never exist without the education
of all its children. Lacking such education,
the State would be plunged into ignorance in
a single generation.
I do not think it necessary to pursue the
general question further. As I have before
stated, the question of the establishment of
