1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
a national system is not in issue. We pro-
pose to aid and assist the educational sys-
tems adopted by the several States. We rec-
ognize the right and propriety of the State to
provide for the teaching of its own children;
and for myself, and I think for the entire com-
mittee reporting the bill, I can say I believe
it would be impolitic, if not impossible, for
the Federal Government to establish a general
plan of education fitted to all the variety of
wants in the different States.
The whole tenor of this bill is against it.
We do not create a single new officer. We
leave the control of the public lands where it
now is, in the General Land Office. No offi-
cer of the United States handles a dollar of
the money. No officer of the Government
applies any portion of the proceeds of the fund.
It leaves the control of the United States the
moment the apportionment is made by the
United States upon the basis established by a
general census, and immediately comes under
the exclusive control of the State government,
which, through its officers, distributes the fund
as its Legislature shall direct in aid of the
purpose of the grant. No bill could more dis-
tinctly define the divided sovereignty than does
the provisions of this act. I have said thus much
in deference to the statements, far-fetched and
erroneous though they be, made by gentlemen
on the other side of the House.
In the remarks made by the gentleman from
Georgia[Mr. McIxtyre] on offering his amend-
ment to the bill, he used this language:
"I feel safe in expressing my belief that there is
intelligence and patriotism enough in the State of
Georgia to-day to manage its proportion of this fund
properly if it is turned over to the State. I believe
there is sufficient intelligence and patriotism in
every State of tbo Union to carry out thisoojeet.
I do not believe that the State of New York or
Pennsylvania or any other State of the Union is so
lost to virtue and patriotism as to be unfaithful in
the disposition of this tund. Iam willing to trust
every one of the States in this regard. They have
managed this matter for themselves heretofore.and
I believe they can do it still."
Now, sir, I have no doubt the gentlefban
from Georgia honestly believes every word he
utters, and I honor him in his belief, but,
unfortunately, the action of his State does not
warrant his statement or sustain the theory so
honorable to the gentleman advocating it. I
find, upon turning to the law of 1862, on page
503, volume twelve, Statutes-at-Large, that
the State of Georgia was entitled to receive
under that act thirty thousand acres of land for
each Senator and Representative in Congress,
amounting to two hundred and seventy thou-
sand acres of land, equivalent to $337,500 at
SI 25 per acre, the stipulated minimum price.
These lands were granted upon the express
condition that within five years the State tak-
ing the benefit of the act should provide at
least one college, wherein the leading object
of its teaching should be such branches of
learning as are related to agriculture and the
mechanic arts. I find in that bill no less
than seven special clauses, and a much larger
number of provisos which contain conditions.
I find by the record that under a special act
of Congress passed for the purpose of permit-
ting her so to do, the State of Georgia accepted
thegrant, with all its provisions and conditions,
on the 10th day of March. I860 ; and yet, sir,
on the 29th day of December, 1871, more than
five years after her acceptance ot the land, in
a list of Status which have not established
State industrial colleges, but have accepted the
congressional land grant of July 2, 1862,
against the State of Georgia I find the fatal
word '' none.'' Georgia does not stand alone
upon this record of broken pledges. Alabama,
Florida, Louisiana. Nevada, North Carolina,
Oregon, South Carolina, and 1 exas have
utterly neglected to fulfill the duties and con-
ditions so solemnly assumed; while Connecti-
cut, Virginia, Rhode Island, my own State,
and, in fact, most of the States of the Lmon,
have defrauded the fund created by the act by
perverting it to the aid of the literary schools
of the country. With such flagrant examples
before us, I submit, sir, it becomes us as legis-
lators to insert in all bills granting lands a
power to coerce the application of the fund to
the purpose inteuded by the grant.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I find the bill attacked
upon the ground that no one outside this Hall is
asking such legislation. I hardly know what
will meet the objections of a mind so consti-
tuted as to make this kind of opposition to any
measure. Such profound ignoranee of fact,
coupled with such profound self-abnegation,
can hardly be found even "in this season of
profound peace." Sir, if gentlemen suppose
the powers of Congress are circumscribed by
the right of petition, they entirely misconceive
the organization of the nation's Legislature,
its powers, and its duties. We do not sit here
merely to pass judgment upon the prayers of
petitioners like the justices of our courts. Our
functions are of a higher and a nobler order.
The heart of the nation throbs beneath the
shadow of the dome of its Capitol, and with
each pulsation its feeling, its thought, is car-
ried to the remotest member.
Gentlemen say no one asks for this legisla-
tion. Sir, in response, I assert that I, a citizen
of the United States, have the right to ask it.
As the representative of one hundred and sixty
thousand citizens to be benefited by its pro-
visions, it is my duty to ask it; and although
the sound may seem ominous to the future of
the party, gentlemen representing the voice
of nearly three million people in the South,
now by the grace of God and the will of the
Republican party clothed with all the honor
and glory and power of American citizens,
join in the demand.
Let gentlemen turn to the tables of their
last census, and they will find the petition of
nearly six .millions of wholly illiterate Ameri-
can citizens demanding just such legislation
as this in tones in comparison to which my
voice is but the faintest echo of a whisper.
The tables show that there are in the United
States 5,660,074 persons who report them-
selves illiterate. Add to this the number who,
from a commingling of pride and shame, report
themselves able to read and write when in
fact they are not; then add the number of
those whose learning is of so limited a char-
acter as to be of no practical value whatever,
and the number will be swelled to over ten.
millions, instead of less than six. as shown by
the census tables. This mass of ignorance
cries aloud for aid. It is a petition greater
than has ever been presented to this House,
and should appeal to each individual member.
To understand fully how the education of
the people bears upon the common welfare
of the country, we must study these tables
and apply the statistics there gathered to
every-day life. I find that in 1866 there were
seventeen thousand persons in prisons. Sta-
tistics on this subject are very imperfectly
kept, but in the report of the Commissioner
of Education there is a collection of facts in
regard to prison life in New England, gath-
ered from personal visitation and observation,
which, by consent of the House, I will briefly
state. Eighty per cent, of the crime of New
England is committed by persons who have
no education, or none sufficient to serve any
valuable purpose in life. Twenty-eight per
cent, of all the prisoners of the country are
unable to read or write. From ten to twenty-
two percent, of the population commit ail the
crime, and less than one fifth of one per cent,
is committed by those who are educated. From
eighty to ninety per cent, of all the criminals
in the country have never learned any trade
or mastered any skilled labor. F rom eighty to
ninety per ceut. connect their crime with in-
temperance. Ninety-five per cent, oftheoffend-
ets in juvenile reformatories come from idle,
ignorant, and vicious homes, while almost all
{uvenile offenders did not attend school, or
commit the crime for which they are impris-
oned while playing truant.
I call the attention of gentlemen on the
other side of the House, who are so fearful lest
some constitutional or reserved right of the
State be infringed by the provisions of this
bill, to these few statistics of the relation of
ignorance and crime, and I ask them if these
facts do not appeal to the House in stronger
terms than any petition signed by thousands ?
And I further ask them whether, if there be
means to correct this great and startling evil,
they would not come under that sweeping
provision ©f the Constitution of the United
States to provide for the common welfare of
the country?
I find, also, in the same report, a tabular state-
ment showing the public-school expenditure
per capita of school population, and the as-
sessed valuation of property per capita of total
population in each State. By these tables it is
shown to be an absolute fact that wealth fol-
lows fast in the footsteps of education. Massa-
chusetts heads the list of both columns, and my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Hoar] did
his noble State no more than justice in his
eloquent remarks submitted upon this bill.
His State spends $20 66 per annum for every
child of school age within her borders, and
the assessed valuation of property per capita
is $972, while Indiana, spending $5 15, shows
only an average wealth of $394. If these were
only exceptional instances, they would not be
great evidence of the facts we assert, but if
gentlemen will take the trouble to look over
the list, they will find both columns diminish
gradually and together, until we reach North
Carolina, with its expenditure of forty-eight
cents per capita, and its average wealth of
$121.
If we compare education and pauperism we
find that nearly one half of the paupers are
entirely uneducated and illiterate, while less
than one seventieth part have received a supe-
rior education. By the advanced sheets of
the ninth census, we find there are 4,882,210
native born illiterates, 777,864 foreign born
illiterates, making a grand total of 5,660,074
in the whole country. Of these, 690,117 native
born and 665,985 foreign born reside in the
northern States, while 4,117,589 native bora
and 72,383 foreign bom reside in the southern
States. In the northern States, with their
illiterate population of 1,356,302, the statistics
of crime show one homicide to every 56,000 in-
habitants, including murders by Indians, while
in the South, with its illiterate population of
4,189,972, the same statistics show one homi-
cide to every ten thousands inhabitants. I know
that in the southern States the addition of the
colored population swells the number of their
illiterates, but I call attention to the fact that
in the southern States with a population nearly
8,000,000 less in number, there are 250,000
white persons unable to read or write more
than in the northern States, while in the whole
country the number of white persotis unable to
read or write exceed the number of colored per-
sons by over a hundred thousand. I do not know
that it is necessary to go further into these statis-
tics they exhibit terrible and startling facts-
facts demanding the immediate, earnest, and
most statesman-like research and reform.
I know that they do not present to the en-
lightened world a favorable view of that sec-
tion of the country which I have the honor in
part to represent, but in my judgment it is
neither wise cor statesman-like to shrink from
the exhibit, or endeavor in any way to sup-
press the truth;. To cure the disease the phy-
sician must know the symptoms, and the sur-
geon see the ulcer before he lays his knife at
its root. On the other hand, I submit, sir, that
the course of gentlemen who, through a tal^e
State pride, have endeavored to suppress the
facts by casting slurs and recriminations ppon
the friends of a measure tending to diminish
this vast and horrible conglomeration ot igno-
rance, vice, crime, pauperism, and intemper-
ance, is entirely unworthy ot the position they
occupy or the seats they fill iu the halls ot the
Legislature of the nation.
