812
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
42d Cong....2b
Laws of the United States.
Kennebec arsenal, Augusta, Maine:
For repairing public buildings, grounds, and
fences, one thousand dollars.
Leavenworth arsenal, Leavenworth, Kan-
sas:
For additions to subaltern's quarters, one
thousand and thirty-six dollars and ninety
cents; for repairs to public buildings, cisterns,
drains, and walks, three thousand six hun
dred dollars; for building a cistern for use of
steam-engiue, five hundred and fifty dollars;
for purchase of steam pump, boiler, pipe, and
putting up the same, for the purpose of sup-
plying water to the arsenal, including con-
struction of water-tank, one thousand dollars ;
for putting up fence along new wagon-road to
railroad bridge, and along railroad to railroad
bridge, three thousand two hundred and eighty-
two dollars and fifty cents ; for repairing main
fence inclosing arsenal, one thousand and
seventy-eight dollars; for macadamizing road
leading to arsenal from main road to Leaven-
worth, and for roads around arsenal building,
one thousand five hundred dollars; in all,
twelve thousand and forty-seven dollars and
forty cents.
New York arsenal, Governor's Island,
New York harbor, New York:
For repairs of steam-engines, tanks, fire
apparatus, docks, drains, and grounds, and
purchase of hose, nine thousand dollars ; for
grading and improving public grounds, two
thousand dollars; for repairs of public build-
ings, six thousand dollars; for extending and
repairing fences, six hundred dollars; in all,
seventeen thousand six hundred dollars.
Magazine, Boston:
For a new house for shell and powder filling,
twelve thousand dollars.
Saint Louis arsenal, Missouri:
For purchase of new boiler for steam-engine
at water-works, one thousand dollars ; for
general repairs of public buildings and inclos-
ing fences, Jefferson barracks, Missouri, two
thousand dollars; in all, three thousand dollars.
San Antonio arsenal, San Antonia, Texas:
For taking down walls and rebuilding with
cut stone the building used as an armory shop,
nine thousand dollars; for erecting a frame
storehouse, one hundred by twenty-five feet,
one story, four thousand dollars; for building
a cistern to supply the post with water, two
thousand dollars; for repairing and painting
public buildings and fences, one thousand
dollars ; in all, sixteen thousand dollars.
Vancouver arsenal, Vancouver, Washing-
ton Territory :
For repairing storehouses, workshops, quar-
ters, barracks, fences, and grounds, one thou-
sand dollars.
Washington arsenal, Washington, District
of Columbia:
For coping for inclosing-wall on northern
front of arsenal grounds, and for entrance
gates at the termination of Four-and-a-half
street, three thousand dollars.
Watervliet arsenal, West Troy, New York:
For repairing public buildings, fifteen hun-
dred dollars.
Watertown arsenal, Watertown, Massa-
chusetts :
For repairs of roofs and painting buildings
and fences, five thousand dollars; for repair-
ing and painting officers' quarters and renew-
ing furnaces and water-closets, three thousand
dollars.
Contingencies of arsenals:
For repairs of smaller arsenals, and to meet
such unforeseen expenditures at arsenals as
accidents or other contingencies during the
year may render necessary, ten thousand dol-
lars : Provided^ That no money appropriated
by this act shall be paid as commissions upon
any labor or materials furnished the United
States.
For continuing the surveys of the northern
and northwestern lakes, one hundred and sev-
enty-five thousand dollars. And this appro-
priation shall be available from the time of the
passage of this act.
Buildings and Grounds in and around
Washington.
Repairs, care, and improvement of public
buildings, grounds, and works in the District
of Columbia, under the direction of the chief
engineer of the Army, viz :
For fuel for propagating garden and lodges
in public grounds, five hundred dollars.
For repairs, fuel, and similar necessaries,
for Executive Mansion:
For repairs to the Mansion, ten thousand
dollars; for fuel, five thousand dollars; for
refurnishing the same, twelve thousand dol-
lars ; for repairs and care of greenhouse, in-
cluding new floor, flower-stands, and pipes,
ten thousand dollars; for constructing six
hundred and thirty-four feet of sewer for
drainage, three thousand dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and Executive
Mansion and grounds:
For lighting Capitol and Executive Mansion
and public grounds, forty-five thousand dol-
lars ; and the officer charged with the disburse-
ment of this appropriation shall have the en-
tire care and control of the consumption of
the gas used for lighting buildings and grounds
herein provided for.
F'or lamps and lamp-posts for centre and
south walk, west Capitol grounds, five hun-
dred dollars; for pay of lamp-lighters, gas-
fitting, plumbing, lamps, posts, and repairs of
all sorts, fifteen thousand dollars.
Improvement and care of public grounds:
For annual repair of fences around reserva-
tions, two thousand dollars; for manure, and
hauling the same on public grounds, five thou-
sand dollars; for painting iron fences around
reservations, and around War and Navy De-
partments, four thousand dollars; for improve-
ment, care, and protection of seals, and for
fountains and fish-ponds in Capitol grounds,
three thousand dollars ; for purchase of seats
for Capitol grounds, one thousand dollars;
for hire of carts for public grounds, five thou-
sand dollars; for purchase and repair of tools
for public grounds, two thousand dollars ; for
purchase of trees, tree-boxes, and whitewash-
ing fences,five thousand dollars; for purchase
of flower-pots, mats, twine, and glasses, one
thousand dollars.
For care and improvement of grounds south
of Executive Mansion, including purchase of
trees, making walks, and grading, tun thousand
dollars; for repairs of greenhouse at propa-
gating garden, three thousand dollars.
For improving Franklin square, introducing
water, gas, lodge, and urinals, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
For improvement of monument grounds,
grading road, walk, draining, purchase and
hauling gravel for walks and roads, trees, and
shrubs, as per plan, fifteen thousand dollars;
and said grounds shall be considered as a por-
tion of the public grounds in the city of Wash-
ington, and shall be under the same control
as the other public buildings and grounds in
the city of Washington, in conformity with the
act of March seconc, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
For improving and grading Armory square,
makiug and gravelling walks, roads, purchase
of trees, and drainage, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Judiciary square,
by introducing water, drainage, purchase of
trees, and opening and grading walks, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For care and improvement of Smithsonian
grounds, two thousand dollars.
For completing improvements and for care
of Lafayette square, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For improvement of Farragut square, five
thousand dollars.
For grading, opening walks and roads, and
gravelling the same, drainage, purchase of
trees and shrubs, for improvement of reserva-
tion between Third and Sixth streets, as per
plan, ten thousand dollars ; for removing snow
and ice from pavements and walks, one thou-
sand dollars.
For starting a nursery for improvement of
public grounds, two thousand dollars.
For improving Lincoln park, building pave-
ments, opening walks, and lodge, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For improving reservation on New York
avenue and Eighteenth street, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
For repairs of Government water-pipes and
fire-plugs, and purchase of apparatus for clean-
ing water-pipes, ten thousand dollars ; for
purchase of sparrows, cages, boxes, and care
of the same, five thousand d ollars; for purchase
of tree-markers, and marking the same, one
hundred dollars ; for abating nuisances, one
thousand dollars.
For improving reservations on different
avenues, twenty thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of navy-yard bridge and
upper bridge, three thousand do lars.
Washington Aqueduct.
For repairs of dwellings for keepers of the
water-gates, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For completing the parapets of' Cabin John
bridge and other bridges on the line of the
aqueduct, thirteen thousand nine hundred and
thirty-four dollars.
For a dial telegraph connecting the great
falls of the Potomac with the reservoirs and
with the office in Washington, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For maintenance, includingsuperintendence,
salaries of gate keepers, and general repairs,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For completing the necessary excavation of
distributing reservoir, eleven thousand five
hundred and fifty dollars.
For furnishing and laying a cast-iron pipe
four feet in diameter from the central gate-
house to the effluent gate-house, twenty-two
thousand nine hundred and thirty-two dollars.
For purchase of land for road from the great
falis to conduit road, three thousand one hun-
dred and thirty-nine dollars ; and all the fore-
going appropriations for the service of the
Washington aqueduct are hereby made avail-
able immediately upon the passage of this act.
For rebuilding the chain bridge, on the
Potomac river, one hundred thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary:
Provided, That the bridge shall be rebuilt as a
substantial iron structure, upon plans to be
approved by the chief of engineers of the
Army, aud under his supervision and direction.
To pay five laborers in the old part of the
Capitol, and five watchmen in reservation two,
twenty per centum on their pay for the years
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred sixty-
nine, and June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, as authorized by the eighteenth section
of the act of July twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, two thousand eight hun-
dred and eighty dollars, or so much as may be
necessary.
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands.
For collection and payment of bounty, prize-
money, and other legitimate claims of colored
soldiers and sailors, viz: for salaries of
agents and clerks; rent of offices, fuel, and
lights; stationery and printing; office furni-
ture and repairs ; mileage and transportation
of officers and agents; telegraphing and post-
