4448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
bcell court of inquiry.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit from the Committee on Military
Affairs a report in writing, together with the
evidence, so far as taken, in relation to the
matter of the loss of the records in the Buell
court of inquiry, and the preservation of re-
cords in the War Department. I desire to say
that the committee have not ascertained all the
facts that they think they may ascertain. I
move that this report, with the accompanying
testimony, be printed and recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
creek and cherokee indians.
Mr. McKEE. I ask unanimous consent to
present the protest of the Creek and Cherokee
delegations against the passage of a bill (H.
R. No. 2635) creating the territory of Okla-
homa. which I desire to have referred to the
Committee on the Territories and printed.
There was no objection; and the protest was
received, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
confederate.confiscation in louisiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I present a report relative
to the act for the relief of certain loyal cred-
itors whose money was confiscated by the con-
federate congress in the State of Louisiana,
which I move be printed and recommitted,
without in any way committing the Committee
of Claims.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to submit the following report from
the committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil oxpenses of the Government for the fisoal
year ending June 30,1873. and for othor purposes,
having met, after full and free conference, have been
unable to agree.
JAS. A. GARFIELD,
FRANK W. PALMER,
WM. E. NIBLACK,
Mantiorrn on the part of the Houne.
CORNELIUS COLE.
GEO. F. EDMUNDS.
JOHN W. STEVENSON,
Mnnnpers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Senate
originally nsked for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
this bill and I suppose they will make known
theirwishes. Ido^notknowbutthe House might
hasten business by asking a new conference.
Mr. RANDALL. Make the motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
appointment of a new conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill;
and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is this
motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is notdebatable, as the
gentleman has demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
that the committee of conference agreed on
everything except the election clause, and on
that 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints the
game conferees as managers on the part of the
House.
plantin0 of trees.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Now, Mr, Speaker, I
move to take up Senate bill No. 680, to encour-
age the planting of trees upon western prairies.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That is a proper motion.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to suspend the
rules in order that the House may proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 680, to
encourage the growth of timber on western
prairies.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 40.
Mr. HALDEMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Haldeman,
and Mr. Butler of Massachusetts were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 52.
Mr. HALDEMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 88, nays 65, not voting
87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aeker. Ames, Archer. Beatty,
Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, Biwffin-
ton, Burdett, Caldwell, Coghlan, Conger, Crocker,
Crossland, Do Large, Dox, Du Boae, Duell, Duke,
Dunnell, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Forker, Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Gid-
dings. Golladay, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hanks,
Harper, John T. Harris, John W. Hazelton, Hib-
bard, Hill, Holman, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Kil-
linger, King, Lamison, Marshall, McClelland, Me-
Cormick, MeCrary, MoNeely, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Niblack, Packard, Packer, Peck, Aaron F.
Perry, Piatt., Potter, Price, Prindle, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William
R. Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Shanks, Sherwood,
Slocum, Sloss, Sprague, Stevenson, Storm, Suther-
land, Swann, Terry, Waddell, Waklen, Wells,
Whitthorne, Williams of New York, John T. Wil-
son, Winchester, and Young—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Barber, Beveridge.Bigby,
Buckley, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Co burn,
Cotton, Darrall, Donnan, Eames, Elliott, Farwell,
Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Goodnoh, Halsey,
Hancock, Handley, Iiarmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hoar Houghton, Kelley, Lowe, Maynard,
MeGrew, AlcIIenry, Mclntyre, McKee, Merriam,
Morrick, Monroe, Morey, Morgan. IsaacC. Parker,
Pendleton, Poland, Eainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger. Slater, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Strong. Sypher, Taffe, "Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Twiehell, Wakeman, Wal-
lace, Walls, Whiteley, Willard, and Williams of
Indiana—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Averill,
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Beck, James G. Blair, Boles,
Braxton, Bright. Brooks, Roderick R. Butler,
Campbell. Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Conner,
Cox, Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Ely, Garfield, Griffith, Hale, Hawloy, Hay, Hays,
Gerry W. Hnzelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hooper,
Kotcham, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lewis, Lynch, Hanson. McJunkin. McKinney,
Morcur, Benjamin Jf. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morphia. Orr, P.ilmei, Hosea W.Parker, Perce, Eli
Perry, Peters, Porter, Robinson, John Rogers,
Roosevelt. Sargont, Scofield, Seeley, Shober, Shoe-
makor, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, R. Milton
Spcer, Thomas J. Spoor, Stougliton, Stowell, St.
John, Thomas, Pwight Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner,
Upson, Yan Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waldron,
Warren, Wheeler, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Wood—87.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion of Mr. Haldeman was not
agreed to.
retention of a house employe.
Mr. COBURN", by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House be
authorized and directed to retain on the rolls during
the recess of Congress the name of the person who
is now in charge of the Hail folding and sealing
room, as has heretofore been the practice.
abolition of franking privilege.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask consent^ to
introduce a bill to abolish the franking privi-
lege^ and to provide for the transmission of
official documents and other public matter.
Mr. MOREY. I object to the introduction
of the bill; I object to the reading of it; I
object to it in every possible form.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
rules be suspended and the bill read.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes eighty-three, noes not
counted.
Mr. MOREY called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor there-
of) the motion to suspend the rules and read
the bill was agreed to.
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section that the franking privilege be abolished
from and after the 1st day of September, 1872,
and that thenceforth all official correspond-
ence, of whatever nature, and other mailable
matter sent from or addressed to any officer
of the Government or person now authorized
to frank such matter, snail be chargeable with
the same rates of postage as may be lawfully
imposed upon like matter sent by or addressed
to other persons.
The second section provides that there shall
be prepared and issued by the Post Office De-
partment to the President of the United States,
to each head of Department, and to the Sec-
retary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, proper stamps,
which shall print or impress the name of
the Department or officer using the same,
respectively, and the nature of the matter to
be sent thereunder, (as " Department of the
Interior, Mechanical Report," "Executive
Office, President's Message," and the like,)
and the date or other proper device, as the
Postmaster General may direct, which stamps
shall be used by the Department or officer to
whom the same may be issued, respectively,
only for the purpose of stamping all books,
documents, and other official matter issued
from such Department or office, respectively,
including in the use of the same, by the Sec-
retary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives, all reports and other doc-
uments printed by order of their respective
Houses. And such stamping-machines are to
be used for no other purposes than as afore-
said, and all matter so stampedshall thereupon
pass through the mails without requiring further
stamps or charge, and the postage upon all
books, documents, and other public matter so
stamped shall be charged by the Post Office
Department to theDepartment or office issuing
the same, respectively, and the amount so
charged shall be defrayed by such Depart-
ments and officers out of appropriations to be
made therefor by Congress as part of the
incidental expenses of the Government.
The third section provides that any person
who shall forge or counterfeit any such official
postage stamp, or who shall counterfeit any
die or plate therefor, or who shall make or
print, or knowingly use or sell, or have in his
possession with intent to use or sell any such
false, forged, or counterfeit die-plate, or stamp,
or any paper, wrapper, or envelope stamped
by any false, forged, or counterfeit die-plate,
or postage stamp, or who shall authorize or
procure to be made any such official die-plate
or stamp, without the special direction of the
Post Office Department, or who, after the same
have been prepared, shall, with intent to de-
fraud the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment, deliver any such official dies, plates, or
stamps to any person or persons other than
such as shall be authorized to receive the
same, by instrument of writing duly executed
under the hand of the Postmaster General and
the seal of the Post Office Department, shall,
on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of
felony, and be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing $500, or by imprisonment not exceeding
five years, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I may be allowed
to make a brief explanation of the bill, I
wish to say that it has been prepared with
a great deal of care on consultation with a
good many members ; and I believe it has the
approval of the Post Office Department,
and indeed I may say I know it. The bill
if enacted into a law will relieve members
of Congress of their present very great labor
in the matter of franking documents printed
by order of Congress. But the bill does not
allow speeches to pass free through the mails.
It will require that every man who sends
speeches to his constituents shall either pay
