1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
teenth, and fifteenth amendments to the Con-
stitution. J voted against the resolution, and
desire to have my vote so recorded.
The SPEAKKll. When the names are not
read, after a call of the roll, it has been the
habit to correct the Journal, when a gentleman
subsequently states that his vote has beetl
wrongly recorded. The correction desired by
the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. Hebe-
ford] will be made.
Mr. SFEEIi, of Georgia. I insist upon the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the question recurs upon the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth,] that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, kc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BIRD: The petition of Mrs. Susan
T. E. Williamson, widow of Charles T. Wil-
liamson, formerly captain in United States
Navy.
By Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri : The petition
of journeymen cigar-makers of the third con-
gressional district of Missouri, for increase of
tariff on imported cigars.
Also, the petition of a large number of tax-
payers of South Carolina, asking a reduction
of the tariff to a revenue basis solely.
Also, resolutions of the Union Merchants'
Exchange, protesting against the passage of
the Chicago relief bill.
By Mr. BUCKLEY : The petition of Daniel
II. Workman, of Montgomery, Alabama, ask-
ing the removal of political disabilities imposed
by the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution.
Also, the petition of John M. Morrast, of
Tuskaloosa, Alabama, asking Congress to make
provision for the payment of claims against the
French Government for property destroyed
during the years 1703 and 1801.
By Mr. CLARKE, of New York: The peti-
tion of merchants and bankers of the city of
Rochester, New York, in the interest of civil
service reform.
•By Mr. DOX: The memorial of John Mor-
rast, of Alabama, in behalf of himself and
others, praying Congress to pass a law com-
pelling the payment to claimant?, from what is
laiown as the French indemnity fund, of the
moneys to which such claimants are entitled.
Al=o, the memorial of L. Brewer & Co.. and
many others, merchants and wholesale deal-
ers in the city of Mobile, Alabama, praying
an amendment to the law imposing the tax on
whisky and tobacco.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
L. S. Hubbard and Go others, citizens of
Sandusky, Ohio, asking an appropriation of
S30.000 for the improvement of Sandusky
harbor.
Also, the petition of 210 citizens of San-
dusky, Brownhelm, and Vermillion. u?kingan
appropriation of S2,">,000 for the improvement
of Vermillion, Ohb>. harbor.
Also, thepetitionof D. Garvin andoo others,
citizens ot Fremont, Ohio, asking an appro-
priation for the improvement of the navigation
of Sandusky river.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The memo-
rial of 240 citizens of the District of Columbia,
setting forth the great increase which has re-
cently been made of the debt of the District,
and asking Congress to prevent its further
increase.
Also, the petition of Warren Pierce, of
Garrettsville, Portage county, Ohio, lor an
amendment to the postal laws.
By Mr. 1IALSEY : A joint resolution of the
New Jersey Legislature, instructing her Sena-
tow and requesting her Representatives in
Congress to vote for a bill providing for the
purchase of Independence Hall, Philadephia,
Pennsylvania.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Elbridge
Dunham and others, of the city of New York
for impeachment and removal of Mark W.'
Delahay, judge of the district court of Kansas.
Also, the petition of Samuel A. Knox, for
extension of letters-patent.
By Mr. IIOLMAN : The petition of Hon.
Joseph Segar, praying compensation for the
use and occupation of his farm in Virginia
by the United States troops.
By Mr. KELLEY: The remonstrance of
William D. Lambert and 113 others, workers
of Sinking Spring, Pennsylvania, against the
change in the tariff laws abating duties on
articles successfully produced in this country,
urged by the Free-Trade League, and praying
for repeal of all duties on tea, coffee, and such
other articles as cannot be produced in the
United States, and also for such adjustment
of duties as will encourage and defend every
home industry, and foster the honor and inter-
ests of the American laborer.
Also, the remonstrance of 420 workers in
iron, of Perry county, Pennsylvania, against
the reduction of duties on articles whicb are
successfully produced in this country, and
praying the repeal of duties upon tea, cof-
fee, and such other articles of necessity or
comfort as cannot be produced in the United
States.
Also, the remonstrance of William Wharton,
jr., and 32 others, workers in iron and steel
railroad equipments, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, against any change in the tariff laws
abating duties on articles successfully pro-
duced in this country, urged by the-Free Trade
League, and praying the repeal of all duties on
tea, coffee, and such other articles as cannot
be produced in the United States, and also
such an adjustmentof duties as will encourage
aud defend every home industry and foster the
> honor and interests of the American laborer.
i Also, the petition of George Ritchie, of
!' Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for the refund-
ji ing of internal revenue taxes paid by him on
whisky destroyed by fire while in bonded
'■ warehouse.
i Also, the remonstrance of William H, Prick-
' ett and 30 others, engaged in mechanical pur-
suits in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, against
any change in the tariff laws abating duties on
. articles successfully produced in this country,
; urged by the Free-Trade League, and praying
•. the repeal of all duties on tea, coffee, and such
' other articles as cannot be produced in the
<i United States, and also such an adjustment
!: of duties as will encourage and defend every
>> home industry and foster the honor and inter-
|! ests of the American laborer.
/ Also, the remonstrance of George L, Gayde
i' and 20 others, workers in iron, ire., of Chel-
i; tenham, Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
'i against any change in the tariff laws abating
!i duties on articles s.uccessfully produced in this
'i country, urged by the Free-Trade League, and
i praying the repeal ot all duties on tea, coffee,
I' and such other articles as cannot be produced
i; in the United States, and also such an adjnst-
ment of duties as will encourage and defend
J everv home industry and foster the honor and
i interests of the American laborer.
■ Also, the petitions of the type-founders ot
'■ Baltimore, New York, Brooklyn, and Wil-
• liamsburg, praying that the duties on type
j shall not be reduced, and that tin in pigs be
if put in the free list.
! By Mr. LAMISON: The petition of Messrs.
i' Emery & Savage, publishers of the Plaindealer,
'•! a weekly newspaper published at Paulding,
l! Ohio, praying a change of the postal arrang*-
ij ments for the transportation of newspapers
11 through the mails.
i By Mr. LANSING: The petition of Mary
E. Walker, for compensation to women em-
ployed in hospital duty during the rebel ion.
Bv Mr. LOWE: The memorial of Abclard
Guthrio, for per diem aud mileage as Delegate
from Nebraska Territory to the Thirty-Second
Congress.
By Mr. MERCUE: The petition of 70
citizens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the
Army of the United States, praying the
passage of an act giving to each honorably
discharged soldier, sailor, and marine who
assisted in the suppression of the late rebel-
lion, $8 33J for each month so served, and
also to allow them to enter lands without the
requirement of settlement and cultivation.
By Mr. MERRIAM: The petition of E.
Remington & Sons and others, of Ilion, Her-
kimer county, New York, relative to civil ser-
vice reform.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York: The petition
of merchants and bankers of the tfity of
Albany, New York, in the interest of civil
service reform.
By Mr. PRINDLE: The petition of Maria
S. Perlee, for a pension.
By Mr. RICE, of Illinois: The petition of
P. A. and G. G. Farley, of Peoria, Illinois, for
a change in the postal laws.
Also, the petition of Mary H. Bartlett, of
Woodburn, Illinois, for a widow's pension.
By Mr. SHELLABARGER: The petition
of William H. Blairs and others, electors, of
the third congressional district of Ohio, asking
leave to take testimony in the contest of the
seat of Hon. Lewis D. Campbell.
POST ROUTE BILL INTRODUCED.
The following bill was introduced under the
rnle, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. HARPER: A bill to establish a post
route from Old Fort, by Crooked Creek, Stone
Mountain, Bear Wallow, Edneyville, and Blue
Ridge, to Hendersonville, North Carolina;
also, from Asheville, by Burnsville, Bakers
ville, Boone, and Jefferson, to Sparta, North
Carolina.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 7, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
personal explanations.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I wish
to make a statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York desires to make a statement
to the Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe, after the
manner of the Senate, I ought to ask leave to
make a personal explanation. I send a news-
paper paragraph to the Secretary and ask him
to read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Senators of the United States who indulge in
levity and indecorous personality during debate,
and then suppress all record of the same upon the
Congressional Globe, have been brought to a sense
of their impropriety. On Monday Senator Con'kling
disturbed the debate by loud and persistent cries ot
* Question,' 'Question,' and Senator Hamlin pro-
posed that the Senate unite in chanting Old Hun-
dred.' But both Senators, after the adjournment,
took pains to have the record ot their disorderly
conduct suppressed. Mr. SriiXER, however, has suc-
ceeded in placing the mutilated report on record
bv incorporating it in his uwu speech. In© only
really useful purpose of the Grlobo is that it serves
as a. check on certain Senators, who, not ashamed to
be indecorous, have a dislike to see their indecorum
on record, and hence that record ought not to be
mutilated."
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, this is
an editorial paragraph from the Chicago Tn-
bune of January SI, 1S72. It is not the work
of a correspondent, but, I repeat, an edito-
rial statement, and the Senate will see tbat it
is a statement positive in its character. I did
not ask it to be read because H reflects on me
personally. Had that been its only scope  -i
should have suffered it to pass in silence with
the many other untruthful and sometimes scar-
