1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2657
Pacific Railroad Company and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871; and
A bill (S. No. 631) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river at
Brownsville, Nebraska.
ELECTION CONTEST GOODING VS. WILSON.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections upon the
contested-election case of Gooding vs. Wilson,
from the fourth district of Indiana.
Mr. ARTHUR. I move to amend the reso-
lution of the majority of the committee by sub-
stituting therefor the resolutions I send to the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Jeremiah M. "Wilson was not duly
elected,and is not entitled to the seat in the Forty-
Second Congress from the fourth district of the State
of Indiana.
Resolved, That David S. Gooding was duly elected,
and is entitled to the seat in the Forty-Second Con-
gress from the fourth district of the State of Indiana,
and should be admitted to his seat.
Mr. ARTHUR. The fourth congressional
district in the State of Indiana is composed of
the counties of Franklin, Fayette, Hancock,
Rush, Shelby, Union, and Wayne. The elec-
tion for the Forty-Second Congress was held
on the 11th day of October, A. D. 1870. The
candidates voted for were the contestant, David
S. Gooding, and the contestee, Jeremiah M.
Wilson.
The following is the official return :
Counties. For contestant. For contestee.
1. Shelby  2,509 1,908
2. Rush  1,870 2,077
3. Franklin  2,496 1,287
4. Union  629 849
5. Fayette  1,015 1,309
6. Wayne  2,352 3,868
7. Hancock  1,686 1,203
Total 12,557 12,561
12,557
Official majority for contestee  4
On the 26th day of October, 1870, the Exec-
utive of the State of Indiana issued the cer-
tificate of election to Jeremiah M. Wilson, the
contestee, in conformity therewith.
The record of this contest consists of three
hundred and seventy-one pages of matter in
fine print without index.
It is proposed to state and dispose of, seri-
atim as we progress, first, the grounds and
specifications of the contestant, and second,
those of the contestee. And for the sake of
method and precision they will be stated as
analyzed—
SPECIFICATIONS OF THE CONTESTANT.
1 to 8 inclusive. By mistake in canvassing,
counting, and returning the votes in sundry
precincts, the actual majority of legal vote3
cast was made to appear for contestee, when
in law and fact the majority was for contestant.
This specification is general, and will be
disposed of with those which follow.
MISCOUNTS.
9. In the south precinct in the county of
Wayne there were actually cast for contestant
of legal votes 528, for contestee 517 ; whereas
by mistake there were returned for contestee
516, and for contestant 516. Mistake against
contestee 1, and against contestant 12.
The election board at this precinct was
composed as follows : J. J. Finney, inspector;
Thomas N.Young and D. P. Wooten, judges;
John G. Schweagman and George Hoffman,
clerks. Finney, Wooten, and Hoffman, Repub-
licans; Young and Schweagman, Democrats.
The main witnesses under this specification
are Wooten, Hoffman, Young, and Schweag-
man, James Elder, and A. T. Scott. Their
names, and the pages of their testimony, and
those of all other witnesses referred to herein,
will be found by reference to the index of
names of witnesses in Miscellaneous Docu-
ment No. 36, Forty-Second Congress, first
session.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 167.
The weight of the evidence is to the follow-
ing effect;
1. The election was on the 11th October,
1870, and was for State and county officers
over thirty m number exclusive of members
of Congress.
2. The total vote cast was 1,054.
3. The circumstances under which the official
count was made were unfavorable to accuracy,
as the board were continuously engaged in it
from four o'clock in the evening, when the polls
closed, all night and down to eleven o'clock
the ensuing day, a period of more than twenty
consecutive hours, and there was confusion
and contrariety in the counts.
4. The clerks frequently differed in their
tally through the day, on State and county
officers.
5. At the close of the polls an unofficial count
was made, when it was found that contestant
had a majority of from 20 to 22 votes.
6. Pending the official count, when ten bal-
lots in a bunch for contestant were on the
table, and not yet embraced in the count for
him, the board about one o'clock in the morn-
ing took a recess for lunch, and on resuming
the count a difference of opinion ensued
whether in fact that bunch had been counted,
and it was omitted, both first and last, in the
official count.
7. On the informal count Clerk Hoffman
made a mistake in the summing up, which, on
being corrected by him, made the majority for
contestant. This count was not correct.
8. The official count when made was by all
believed to be correct, provided the ten votes
for contestant above referred to had been
actually embraced in it.
9. On Saturday, some two weeks after the
election, Thomas N. Young and A. F. Scott,
by permission of William Parry, township
trustee, the lawful custodian of the ballots,
recounted them in the presence of Parry and
others, when Scott made contestant's vote 528
and Young made it 527. At this time the bal-
lots for contestee were not counted.
10. On the following Monday a second re-
count was made by T. N. Young, J. J. Fin-
ney, A. F. Scott, E. A. Jones, and Lewis D.
Stubbs at the same place. The result con-
curred in by all was—for contestee 517, for
contestant 528.
11. The various counts were all made in
good faith.
12. That, in truth and in fact, at the south
precinct, in the county of Wayne, the actual
legal vote cast for contestant was 528, and for
contestee 517.
13. That the ballots and returns were at no
time tampered with or changed, and that they
are the identical ballots voted.
ORE EN TOWNSHIP.
10. In Green township, in the county of
Wayne, there were actually cast of legal votes
for contestant, 71; whereas, by mistake, there
were returned for him only 70—mistake against
contestant, 1. And there were returned for
contestee, 159; whereas, in law and in fact,
there were cast for contestee only 155—mistake
against contestee, 4,
The election board at this precinct was com-
posed as follows : Samuel Pitts, jr., inspector ;
Isaac N. Young and Jesse Gate, judges;
Thompson Smith and A. C. Reynolds, clerks.
Pitts, Cate, and Reynolds, Republicans ; King
and Smith, Democrats.
The main witnesses under this specification
are A. C. Reynolds, Thompson Smith, Sam-
uel Pitts, jr., Isaac Y. King, and A. T. Scott.
The weight of their evidence is to the effect
following:
1. Total 'tfote cast, 229. Total vote for Con-
gressmen, 226.
2. There was a good deal of scratching on
the ballots. Contestee's name was scratched
sundry times; contestant's but once.
3. In two instances Pitts announced the bal-
lots for contestee, and they were so marked,
but when the other judge showed the name of
contestee was erased, and that of contestant
inserted in the ballots, Pitts said in each
instance to the clerks, ''You have one too
many for contestee; you must not mark the
next one he gets; " but the corrections were
overlooked and never made.
4. There were three ballots not counted in
the official count, because on two of these were
the names of both contestee and contestant
not erased—T. W. Hutchins and T. W. Craner
voted them—and on the other one contestee's
name was erased and no other name inserted.
5. One ballot with the name of contestee
erased and that of contestant inserted was
omitted in the official count.
6. On orabouf,theIstdayof November, 1870,
about two weeks after the election, Samuel
Pitts, the lawful custodian of the ballots, &c.,
carefully recounted the same, and found for
contestee 155, and for contestant 71, showing
a mistake of 5 votes against contestant.
7. Shortly after that, another recount was
made by said Samuel Pitts, L. D. Stubbs, and
A. L. Study, with precisely the same result.
8. Shortly afterward, on the 11th day of
January, 1870, said Samuel Pitts, Isaac Y.
King, Thompson Smith, and A. T. Scott made
another reeount, tho third in number, with
precisely the same result.
9. Reynolds, Smith, Pitts, and King, the
entire election board, except Cate, who was
not examined, agree that the official count
was error.
10. The various counts were all made in
good faith.
11. That in Green township precinct, in the
county of Wayne, the actual legal vote cast
was, in law and in fact, for contestee 155, and
for contestant 71.
12. The ballots and returns were at no time
tampered with or changed, and they are the
identical ballots voted.
NOBLE TOWNSIIIl'.
11. In Noble township, in the county of
Rush, there were retuwied of legal votes for
contestant 86. For contestee there were re-
turned 149, whereas in law and in fact there
were cast for contestee only 147. Mistake
against contestant, 2.
Jesse W. Robinson and William C. Mitch-
ell were the clerks of the election board at
this precinct. The former was a Democrat,
the latter a Republican.
Jesse W. Robinson's deposition and a cer-
tified and sworn copy of the tally-paper re-
turned to the board of county canvassers com-
pose the evidence under this specification.
The weight of the evidence is to the following
effect:
First. The board of county canvassers, ou
the official count, reported 149 votes for con-
testee.
Second. About one week after the election
Joseph S. Cowing, the trustee and inspector,
the lawful custodian of one of the two tally-
sheets, called Robinson's attention to a mis-
take in the tally-sheet, where three straight
marks, signifying three votes, had been counted
for contestee as five, as shown by the footing
up in the total of 149, there being twenty-eight
fives, one four, and one three ; making in fact
but 147.
Third. Exactly the same mistake in all
respects exists in the other tally-sheet used by
the county board in making up their official
returns.
Fourth. There were counted for contestee
two more votes than he was entitled to.
The miscounts alleged in specifications nine,
ten, and eleven were therefore proved, and the
facts established. The law is the same as to each
of them; and the law and the precedents
which have heretofore obtained in this House
have been reviewed with some care, and con-
densed for the convenience of proper applica-
tion to the case in hearing. It will be seen
that "though the policy of both is to uphold
official returns when they are correct, it is
equally decided that when impeached for fraud
