1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3553
the bill (S. No. 1025) to quiet the title to the
lands of certain settlers on lands belonging to
the West Wisconsin Railway Company, to
report it without amendment; and I ask for
its present consideration. It is a bill of but a
few lines.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The preamble recites that by
the neglect, of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to have the lands withdrawn
from market embraced in the grant of lands
from the town of Tomah to the city of Hud-
son, in the State of Wisconsin, as soon "as
the West Wisconsin Railway Company (to
•which company the grant belongs) had finally
located its road and filed the map of such
location, a large amount of lands—about
twenty thousand acres—were taken up under
the homestead laws and otherwise entered.
The bill therefore provides that if the West
Wisconsin Railway Company shall waive and
release all claims to any lands taken up
under the homestead laws, or otherwise entered
after the final location of their road, it shall
be lawful for them to make up any deficiency
in their grant from the vacant odd-numbered
sections from the southeastern part or portio'n
of the indemnity limits of the grant for the
branch roads from the city of Hudson to Lake
Superior.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
atchison, topeka, and santa te road.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 676, to extend the time for the com-
pletion of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
F6 railroad. It will be remembered that this
bill was up during the morning hour, and we
amended it in accordance with the suggestions
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thorman,]
and the question was on its passage when the
morning hour expired.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 676) to ex-
tend the time for the completion of the Atchi-
son, Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported as amended.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendments have
all been agreed to. They were introduced at
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thcrman.]
The Chief Clerk. The second section,
which appears not to have been agreed to, is
in the following words:
Sue. 2. That thelands granted by the act ofMarch
3,1863, and lying west of the point at which said
road and telegraph shall be constructed subsequent
to March 3,1873, (excepting only such a.s are neces-
sary to reserve for the use of the company,) shall be
sold to actual settlers only, and in quantities not
more than one hundred and sixty acres to any one
person, under such restrictions and regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior,
at such prices as will secure to said company, its
successors, or assigns, an average price of not more
than $2 50 per acre for the land actually certified for
each completed section of twenty miles of said rail-
road, subject to the foregoing conditions and limita-
tions. Said company, as fast as each section of its
road shall be completed, shall receive patents, as
provided in said act of March 3,1863, for such odd
sections of land as may be necessary to make up
deficiencies in said section, or on any other com-
pleted sections of said road, and which may be situ-
ated within the indemnity limits prescribed in said
act of March 3,1803.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to amend this bill
by offering as an amendment to it the bill re-
ported from the Pacific Railroad Committee
extending the time for the completion of the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad through the
Indian country. I do not remember the num-
ber of the bill, but it is on file here.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall call up that bill
in a moment.
Mr. CONKLING. Before it is called up
let me inquire, is that the bill which came up
as an amendment, offered by the Senatorfrom
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 223.
Iowa to another bill which passed some time
since the lexas Pacific Railroad Company
bill—and which he withdrew?
Mr. HARLAN. It is the same bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Whenever that bill
comes up I desire to discuss it, whether it
comes up now or at another time.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I hope it will not
be put on this bill. I hope the Senator will
withdraw it.
Mr. HARLAN". I withdrew it once before
because some Senator wanted to discuss it.
Mr. CONKLING-. It was not because I
wanted to discuss it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think now I will listen
to the discussion.
Mr. CONKLING. I was quite ready to
discuss it then.
Mr. HARLAN. I must insist on having it
considered and the judgment of the Senate
taken upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I withdraw the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is
withdrawn.
s. b. mitchell and others.
Mr. VICKERS. I desire the Senate to take
up House bill No. 1551. It is a small bill
reported from the Committee on Claims.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. It. No. 1551) for the relief
of S. B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, John
W. Mitchell. It proposes to appropriate to
S. B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, and John
W. Mitchell, the owners of the schooner
Thomas J. Frazier, sunk while in the service
of the United States by a shot from the United
States frigate Congress, during the engage-
ment between the Congress and the rebel
vessel Merrimae, the sum of $3,050 37, that
being the amount paid by the owners for
raising and repairing the schooner.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out, in lines
nine and ten, "$3,059 87," and to insert
"$2,592 87;" and in line twelve to strike
out the words " raising andand at the end
of the bill to insert " and the sum of $466 50
to William Webster for raising the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the bill read the third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOWE. The title of the bill should
be amended by inserting the name of William
Webster as one of the parties to be relieved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be made.
land district in florida.
Mr. OSBORN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 218, to create an additional land dis-
trict in Florida.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to constitute
that portion of Florida lying east of the line
between ranges fourteen and fifteen east, an
additional land district, to be known as the
East Florida district, the office for which is
to be located at Jacksonville. It also author-
izes the appointment of a register and a re-
ceiver for the laud district, who are to be enti-
tled to the same compensation as is or may
hereafter be prescribed by law for like officers
of other districts.
The Committee on Public Lauds reported
the bill with an amendment, to insert in sec-
tion two, line four, after the words "officers
of," the word" the and at the end of the bill
to add the words " in said State."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I move to amend the bill
in section one, line six, by striking out "Jack-
sonville" and inserting " Gainesville."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate us amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again remind the Senate that when the recess
takre plape at teu minutes to live o'clock,
the bill of the Senator from Pemisvlvania will
be the unfinished business.
wilson bowlby.
Mr. CORBE f !\ I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 1107, reported from the
Committee on Finance.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1107) for the relief of
Wilson Bowlby, collector of internal revenue
for Oregon. It directs the Secretary of the
Ireasury to credit Wilson Bowlby, collector
of internal revenue for Oregon, with $1,101,
the value of internal revenue stamps alleged
to have been sent by mail on the 20th of April,
1871, to him, and which never reached him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) The time having arrived for a
recess, the Senate will now take a recess until
a quarter before eight o'clock this evening.
evening session.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
and forty-five minutes p. m.
d. b. ai.lbn and company.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 340.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 349) to provide for
the payment of L). B. Allen & Co. for ser-
vices in carrying the United States mail.
It provides for paying $21,543 for the pay-
ment of D. B. Allen & Co. for carrying
the United States mails between New York
and San Francisco iti 18G4-G5, during the
suspension of the overland mail service oa
the overland route.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a report in that
case.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think I can state the facts
much quicker than the report can be read.
I know the bill passed the Senate twice, I
think three times. It proposes to pay for a
service by the way of Panama which belonged
to the overland route when that was disturbed
by Indian depredations. The papers on file
from the Post Office Department state that
they would have paid the sum if they had had
the money there with which to pay it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bridge at red wing.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 842.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 842) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the city of Red Wing, in the
State of Minnesota, and to establish it as a post
road.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message fros1 the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its chief clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
Resolved by the Home of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That each House of Congress shall
