1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
for office and recommend him it is because I
believe it will be for the benefit of the country
that he should be appointed. I am prepared
to believe that other gentlemen are quite as
conscientious on that subject as I am, and
even the Senators from the four States em-
braced in the resolution, I think, are in the
main actuated by the same motives that I am
myself. Then where is the necessity, I would
ask, of going into this tedious investigation,
of taxing the various heads of Departments
for information for the Senate to determine
how the account stands between these respect-
ive Senators?
I know how easy it is for heart-burnings to
spring up between persons in the same party.
I have some experience in that respect, and I
have always been prepared to listen to those
who stood comparatively indifferent between
myself and others, and I think that the counsel
I venture to give to-day to these belligerents,
if I may use the term, is not inappropriate.
The suggestion is, "Let them fight it out,"
according to a voice near me. No; I want
no such fight. If there is to be a contest any-
where, pray let it be outside of these walls;
let it go on somewhere else. The newspapers
of the country are open, and the contest can
be carried on there. This information can be
spread abroad quite as well through that
medium as on the floor of the Senate. I have
no cariosity to see these galleries entertained
with disputations and exposures. 1 know how
kind the parties concerned are, and how they
will yield to each other, and therefore I shall
conclude the remarks I am making with a
suggestion that the whole subject be laid on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Doss the Sen-
ator make that motion?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia moves that the resolution lie on
the table.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
nays on that motion, and I hope it will be
a test.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; us follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Con-
necticut, GtokUhwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Pratt, Rice, Robertson,
Sauisbury, Sprague Stevenson, S a inner, Thurman,
Viokers. and Wright—24.
NAY S—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boremaii, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Fool, Sawyer, Soott,
Sherman, Spenccr, Stewart, Trumbull, "West, and
"Windom—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Clay-
ton, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Flana-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitch-
cock, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson,
Ramsey, Schurz, Stockton, Tipton, and Wilson—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution as modified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend by
adding the word "Indiana" in the resolution
after the word "Nebraska," so that it will
require the recommendations of Senators from
the States of New York, Missouri, Illinois,
Nebraska, and Indiana. I think there can be
no objection to that on the ground that it will
take so much time that the inquiry cannot be
answered. The Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] it will be remembered, was the per-
son who brought to the notice of the Senate
recommendations made in the Departments,
and stated on information derived from some-
body who had been searching through the
Departments in advance the number of recom-
mendations that had been made by a particu-
lar Senator ; and I think if any one should be
inquired in refei enee to it might be as well to
include the Senator from Indiana, whose State
the Senator from New York seems to have
left out. I move to insert "Indiana" after
"Nebraska."
Mr. MORTON. I have no objection to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois. I have made no disguise that I have
made recommendations. I think it no shame,
and I am willing to avow all I have made here
or elsewhere. If I ever made recommend-
ations and then denied having made them,
and imputed the making recommendations
to others as a fault, and almost a crime, my
position might be different; but as I have no
concealments upon that question, I am per-
fectly willing that the amendment should be
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I accept the amendment.
The VICE) PRESIDENT. The amendment
is accepted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I desire to have
the resolution amended by an amendment
which would come in properly before the
printed amendment which the Senator from
New York adopted as a modification of his res-
olution, by inserting these words which will be
found in the amendment which was intended
to be proposed by me. I propose to amend
the resolution by inserting before the printed
part of the modification adopted by the Senator
from New York the following:
Also, that he furnish the Senate with a copy of
therecord or list kept in the respective Departments
showing the appointments or removals therein which
have been credited or charged to each of the Sena-
tors aforesaid, and to what Senator, together with
the names of the persons recommended to, or for
removal from office by each of said Senators, stating
particularly in each case whether it was a request
for an appointment or removal, the indorsement of
recommendations made by others, or of the charac-
ter of the parties recommending without any refer-
ence to the applicant, or a reference oi the papers
of other3 to him or the head of a Department,
without any expression of opinion by the Senator in
regard thereto.
It will bo seen that I leave out "the names
of such others," because it might be thought
to be obnoxious to the objection that it would
take too much time to give the names of the
other recommenders, but it can take very little
time to give a copy of the list which is kept
in the Departments of the appointments and
removals that are charged to these different
Senators. It can take but little time to give
the names of the persons recommended to ap-
pointment to or removal from office by each
of said Senators; and it can take but little
time to state whether it was a request for an
appointment or a removal, the indorsement
of recommendations made by others of the
character of the parties recommending without
any reference to the applicant, or a reference
of the papers of others to him or the head of
a Department, or any expression of opinion
by the Senator in regard thereto.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Will it be agreeable to
him if 1 accept the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; I shall be
very happy if the Senator accepts it.
Mr. CONKLING. Does that complete the
changes the Senator wants to make, so that
we may vote ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will complete the
amendment 1 proposed to make. I wish to
make a suggestion, however.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, after the Senator
makes his suggestion, if there is nothing beside
this, I will be ready to accept this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment may
be considered, then, as accepted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York does accept it.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to see what the
other suggestion is, first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason that Idesire
to have this amendment adopted is to get at
the real facts as well as we can. It will be
remembered that in regard to the papers which
I called for from the Departments, the Depart-
ments treated as recommendations every paper
in connection with which my name appeared
at all. If a petition was sent to me asking
for the appointment of a postmaster at some
inconsiderable place, and I wrote across the
back of it "respectfully referred to the Post-
master General," that was counted asarecom-
mendation to office. It was no recommenda-
tion at all, nor was it intended to be a recom-
mendation.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Iowa?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not occupy mora
than two or three minutes. The indorsement
of the recommendations of others in such
cases is entirely unobjectionable. Nobody
could object to that. That was not what was
complained of; and the Senator from Indiana
does not seem to make the distinction now.
In the bill which I originally introduced, and
which he has referred to so frequently as a
bill to make it a penal offense for a member
of Congress to recommend to office, it was
provided that members of Congress on being
appealed to by the Departments or by the
President might give their opinions as to the
propriety of the person recommended. Tbere
was never anything objectionable in that. The
objection is to solicitations, to hanging about
the Departments, taking up the time of the
Departments by members of Congress, thus
breaking down the independence of the dif-
ferent Departments of the Government. No-
body ever supposed that if members of Con-
gress should confine themselves simply to the
reference of papers or indorsing on the back
of a petition for the appointment of a man to
office that the persons recommending him
were gentlemen of character or that the per-
son recommended was a gentleman of char-
acter and capacity, there was any objection to
that. I never made any objection to that.
And when the "Senator from Indiana seeks to .
make those out as the cases that there ia
objection to. he confuses two entirely differ-
ent things. That is not the abuse of the civil
service system ; it is beyond that. It is such
cases as I have frequently brought to the
notice of the Senate on the testimony of Gov-
ernor Cox and others.
My object in wishing this amendment
adopted is to have the Department distinguish
the character of these cases. I agree with the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] that we
shall get very Utile by this, because the answer
can be made up in such a way as to give a very
unsatisfactory account of what really occurred.
The only way, perhaps, to get at the real facta
would be to have a committee of investigation
whore you could propound questions and trace
the thing out. But still I thought it better to
make the resolution as full as I could, and
therefore I proposed this amendment, which I
believe the Senator from New York accepts.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I beg to accept
the amendment, and I accept it, inserting two
words which the Senator will not object to, I
take it. In the seventh line, in the phrase
"whether it was a request for an appoint-
ment," I propose to insert after "request"
the words "verbally or otherwise." That, of
course, the Senator will have no objection to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. None.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution as modi-
fied.
Mr. SUMNER. Before I vote I should
like to know of the Senator from New York
whether there is any reasonable ground to sup-
pose that this resolution can be answeied im-
mediately.
Mr. CONKLING. I think so.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says he thinks
so. It has already occupied, I do not know
how many days of debate, and the natural in-
quiry in my mind was whether during this
session we could expect an answer.
