2658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
or mistake the House will go behind them to
ascertain and give effect to the popular -will,
legally expressed at the polls, whenever that
can be satisfactorily ascertained.
The following is section thirty-nine of the
Indiana act'of June 7, 1852, (1 Or. and H.,
312:)'
"The certificates, poll-books, and tally-papers
forwarded to the board of canvassers shall be pre-
served by the clerk of the circuit court, open to the
inspection of any legal voter of the county or dis-
trict. The other papers and ballots shall be kept
by the inspectors for the term of six months, except
when such election is contested; then they shallbe
preserved subject to the order of any court trying
such contest until the same is determined."
Batler vs. Lehman is a Pennsylvania case
from the first congressional district, and arose
in January, 1862, (2 Election Cases, 353.)
There was a recount at the instance of con-
testant. The competency of the recount was
unanimously sustained. The weight to be
given to the recount was considered under two
propositions:
First. That the ballot-boxes were not suf-
ficiently identified.
Second. That the boxes had been opened
and contents changed before the recount took
place.
Under the first, the majority of the com-
mittee held the identity of the boxes complete ;
the minority held otherwise.
Under the second, the minority held the
proof showed that it was possible for the boxes
to have been tampered with, and on that
account they rejected the recount.
The majority held the burden of proving
the boxes had been tampered with was on the
contestee, who alleged it, and that he had not
proven it. And they said:
"The contestant produced these boxes from their
legal and rightful custodians, sealed up, and m the
Same apparout condition they wore in when left
with Ihe alderman. Under these circumstances the
burden of proving them to have been tampered
with properly rosts on the respondent; bat no
proof upon tins point was submitted, except some
testimony showing lhafc some of the boxes were left
in such a situation thnt it was possible for some un-
authorized person to have meddled with them. But
tboro was no proof to render it probable that such
was the case. The respondent attempts to rebut the
evidetico offered by the recount of the ballots by
culling the election officers who miulo the division
returns to testify that those returns wore correct;
but, in tho opinion of the committee,neither impairs
thceasoof the contestant nor strengthens that of
the respondent. Olhrers who had declared upon
their nGiehtl oaths that returns made by them were
true, would not be likely to come into court after-
ward and swear that they wore false.
" Theeouimittoe have not deemed it necessary to
determine whether the errors in the. division returns,
before mentioned, were the result of deliberate
fraud or mi-stake ori the part of the election officers,
for the motive which actuated them is immaterial.
It is enough that the returns in thedivision specilied
were false in fact, and that the contestant was there-
by deprived of votes fairly and legally east for him,
enough to have elected him. Of this the committee
arc fully convinced."
And the minority laid down this proposition,
which is undeniably correct, " that in order to
command confidence in the recount of any of
these ballots, it is necessary for the contestant
first to establish the identity of the ballot-
boxes."
But the minority proceeded to require that
contestant should then go further and " show
that those boxes had been so kept as to rebut
any reasonable presumption that they had
been tampered with.'1
This is manifest error, for no such pre-
sumption arises, and therefore there is no such
presumption in existence to be rebutted, until
the identity, integrity, condition, and sur-
roundings of the boxes have been impeached
and discredited, so as to give rise to a legal
presumption of fraud ; and that would require
affirmative proof, of which the burden is upon
the party who is interested in making it, the
assailant of the box, as produced. This is
apparent enough by the authority quoted and
relied on by the minority, to wit:
"It is a premmptio Jilvir, running through the
whole law, that no person shall, in the absence of
criminative proof, be supposed to have committed
any violation of the_ criminal law, whether mo,him
in 8e or malum prohibitum. And this presumption
is not limited to proceedings instituted with the
view of punishing the supposed offense, but holds
in all civil and other proceedings for whatever pur-
pose originated, and whether the guilt of the party
comeS4 in directly or collaterally."—Best on Pre-
sumptive Evidence, 56.
The true rule is just the reverse of what the
minority report supposes, to wit: the presump-
tion is that the election officers complied with
the law, and that the ballots and boxes are as
they should be; and this presumption prevails
until rebutted by proof to the contrary. _ How-
ever, there were other important questions in
that case. The minority report was finally
adopted by a vote of 77 to 67.
The case is founded on the rule that the offi-
cial count maybe overcome by a recount estab-
lishing a mistake in the official count, on the
familiar principle that the latter is prim# facie
but not conclusive evidence of the fact. In this
view the committee were unanimous. The
division was on the disputed sufficiency of the
proof of the identity of the box.
1 will pause here to observe that in the case
in hearing the identity of the boxes or the bal-
lots is nowhere questioned in the allegations or
the proof. The doctrine just discussed is sus-
tained by Spaulding vs. Meade, (1 Election
Cases, 159; Bassett vs. Bailey, Ibid., 255; Read
vs. Kneas, 2 Parsons, S. C., 575.)
Kline vs. Verree came from the third congres-
sional district in Pennsylvania in February,
1862. (2 Election Cases, 381.) The report
of the committee was submitted by the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] In this case the competency of a
recount to correct a mistake in the official
count is laid down as settled doctrine. Con-
testant alleged a miscount against him in sun-
dry divisions in sundry wards in the city of
Philadelphia. The committee stated the issue:
" Were the ballot- boxes produced the ones actu-
ally used at those precincts at tho election con-
tested ? And did they contain untouched the ballots
cast?"
Indeed, it must be apparent to any one tljat
unless the committee eould be satisfied of both
identity and security, they could not control
and correct the sworn return by any subse-
quent count. And the committee accorded
to the contestant all the corrections claimed
by him, except those in the third division of
the eleventh, the third division of the sixteenth,
and the firSt division of the nineteenth wards,
which they refused, and very properly refused.
Tho proof was—
Third division, eleventh ward: The elec-
tion was held on the second Tuesday in Octo-
ber. The recount was not had until the 8th
day of January, three months later. The bal-
lot box had been left in a place subject to the
control of one McKinney, a constable, who said
a stranger to him about ten o'clock got the box
from him and took it a^ay and did not return
it until about three o'clock. McKinney. had
been convicted of fraud and extortion. Alder-
man Williams swore that he was unworthy of
belief under oath. The committee came to
the conclusion that the box had been in such
bad company as to destroy its credit, and they
refused the recount.
Fifth division, sixteenth ward : In January
after the election the box was by Alderman
Meckee left for two days in the magistrate's
office in an unfastened closet in charge of no
one. Alderman Meckee swore :
"I believe the condition of the box has been
changed; it has been tampered with/'
First division, nineteenth ward: It was
apparent that the box had been tampered
with.
• It is scarcely necessary to observe that the
proof in that case is materially unlike that in
the case in hearing. In Grooding vs. Wilson
no witness impeaches either the identity or
integrity of the boxes. But in Kline vs. Verree
tho proof was just the other way.
Sleeper vs. Rice, (2 Election Cases, 473,)
from Massachusetts in 1864. A recount was
had. The official return was made on the 5th
day of November. On the 11th, seven days
later, the returning officers filed an amended
return based on a recount. The main facts
were : it occurred to the ward clerk a mistake
had been made, and he returned and examined
by himself alone, unbeknown to any one else,
the bundle of votes in the attic. He exam-
ined the votes in each package, took off the
number of votes for Representative in Con-
gress in each of the packages, and then re-
stored them to their former place in the closet.
He procured a meeting of the other officers,
who also recounted the vote, found the mis-
take, and theft made their amended return.
The ward clerk had previously taken the ballots
home with him and put them in a trunk in a
closet in the attic. The trunk shut with a
spring lock, and the key was left in the lock.
The committee, by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] said:
"We have not overlooked the importance which
the law of Massachusetts attaches to a result declared
in open town meeting. "It is wisely deemed a great
safeguard against subsequent tampering with a
count of votes or with the ballots themselves in a
closely contested election, and should not be set
aside except on controlling evidence. While no per-
son should be deprived of an office awarded him by
a result so declared in open town meeting,at the
close of the polls, on any doubtful or suspicious tes-
timony, it is no less important that he for whom a
majority of the votes has been actually cast should
not be deprived of the seatby any mistake in count-
ing those votes, however made, simply because that
mistaken count has been announced as the true
result."
The report was adopted by the House with-
out debate or division.
The same question was again up in the case
of Archer vs. Allen, (2 Election Cases, 169,)
from the seventh congressional district -of
Illinois in 1854, and the doctrine contended
for in this argument again asserted. The elec-
tion took place November 7, 1854. The re-
count occurred not until March 2, 1855, four
months later. The box had been looked up,
but the key had been lost. In view of the
proof the committee said :
" Your committee sec no reason to doubt that the
ballots which were taken from tho box and counted
on the 2d, day of March were the same ballots in
every respect which were actually east and counted
on the 7th of November, 1854. The testimony on
this point is as full, clear, and satisfactory as from
the nature of the case could be expected, or required.
In no rule or principle of evidence. or for the weigh-
ing of evidence, of wHich the committee were aware,
could they find authority to say that thoy were not
satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that the ballots
had been safely and truly kept. There was no room
tor such a doubt as would condemn the ballots. To
ha ve assumed and acted on the possibility of an
alteration in them, would have been an arbitrary
and wanton course of procedure, unwarranted by
the facts and leg-al presumptions in the case.
" It is to be observed that the officers of election
make no question whatever as to the identity and
genuineness of the ballots. A doubt even upon this
point does not seem to have occurred to any one of
them." * * * * "Assuming, then, as
your committee submit they were bound to assume,
that the ballots counted on the 2d March, 1855, were
the same as were counted on thc7th November, 1851,
and that in the mean time tho box had not been
opened or tampered with, the inference is unavoidable
that in the hurry and confusion oftheoountupon the
evening of the election there were mistakes made by
the judges or clerks which were discovered and cor-
rected upon the examination." * * * *
"It was the duty of the committee to examine the
evidence and to give it the weight to which it was
legally and justly entitled, and so doiug, there was,
as they think will be apparent to the House, but one
result to which they could arrive, namely, that the
error was proved and that it ought to be corrected."
There was a minority report. The commit-
tee divided on the weight of the evidence, also
as to the sufficiency of contestants specifications
to let in the evidence at all, and also upon the
sufficiency of contestant's notice to take testi-
mony.
The House voted that the contestee was-not
entitled to the seat—94 to 90; and that con-
testant was not entitled to iti—91 to 89; and
the parties went back to the people.
Kline vs. Myers, (2 Digest, 575,) was from
Pennsylvania in June, 1864. The contestant
applied to the committee for an order from
the House to send for the ballot-boxes and
recount the Votes :
" The oommittee were of the opinion that such an
