3554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
be adjourned sine die, by the Presiding Officers
thereof, on Monday, the 3d day of June, 1872, at
twelve o'clock meridian.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill'(H. R. No. 2564) to relieve
certain persons therein named from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States; in which it requested the con-
currence of the. Senate.
military road in indian territory.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 443.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 443) to provide for
the opening of a military and post road from
the mouth of Walnut river, in Kansas, to the
mouth of the Main Cache river, in Texas.
Mr. HARLAN. I rather think that bill
ought to go to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I submit that motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I hope it will
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several amend-
ments.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the amendments be
printed and go with the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the appropriation
stricken out first.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
amendments being acted on.
Mr. POMEROY. The object of the bill is
to have a highway, if we can, to drive cattle
from Texas to Kansas without being taxed by
the Indians.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. That is very
important if it can be done. My understand-
ing is that this road runs all through the Indian
country.
Mr. POMEROY. West of the ninety-sixth
meridian, where they have ceded their juris-
diction. Let me suggest that the amendments
of the committee be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Maine, in thechair.) The amendments
will be acted on.
Mr. POMEROY. I move first to strike out
the appropriation.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The drovers
will have to go a long way out of their road
by this route.
Mr. POMEROY. If it comes much further
east there is a railroad company that will
build a railroad. Let the amendments be
concurred in.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
reported by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads is to strike out "A. D. Keith"
and insert " G. G. Capron" as a commis-
sioner, and in the same line to strike out
'' Perrin Fay" and insert " B. D. Dawson
in line nine, after " Main Cache," to insert
" via Fort Cobb, Fort Sill, and the Wichita
agency."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. There is one amend-
ment in the first part of the section that should
be corrected. The name of "L. W. Shepherd"
should be stricken out and "It. B. Wright" in-
8G rted
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads was at
the end of section three, to insert the words
"that will interfere with the objects of this
act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section five, commencing in line five, the fol-
lowing words:
And for the erection of causeways, culverts, and
bridges, and the expense of surveying and grading
said road, the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to be expended under the direction of the
Interior Department and upon the recommendation
of said commissioners. All completed work shall
be personally inspected by the said commissioners,
and payments shall be made upon their approval
out of the funds hereby appropriated.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
A plat of the said road shall be filed with the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and, if found to be located
according to the provisions of this act, shall be
approved by him, whereupon he shall declare the
same a public highway.
So that the section will read :
That the said commissioners shall each receive in
full of all compensation and all allowances six dol-
lars per day for performing the services above
described: Provided, That the whole number of
days of each commissioner shall not exceed ninety.
A plat of said road shall be filed with the Secretary
of the Interior, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the bill
be printed, with the amendments^ and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
postal telegraph.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Seriate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 341. There is an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, and I suggest that the
original bill need not be read.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 341) to
reduce the rates of correspondence by tele-
graph, and to connect the telegraph with the
postal service.
The subsiitute reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads was read.
Mr. NYE. There is so much legislation in
this bill that it makes me giddy to read it. I
see nothing left to be done on the face of
God's earth that the Postmaster General is
not competent to take in hand, according to
this bill. Here is authority to connect every-
where with the living and the dead, that which
is in being and that which is to be hereafter,
and the grant here made is perpetual, forever.
I hope no such bill will pass. It ought to
receive that full consideration at the hands of
the Senate which a measure proposing so rad-
ical a change demands, and it should be well
examined. I can see an outlay of millions in
it. I hope before the Senate act upon the
bill it will be considered carefully.
Mr. RAMSEY. An outlay of millions by
whom?
Mr. NYE. By the Government.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Government lays out
nothing; all the expenditure is by the corpor-
ators.
Mr. NYE. I understand it very well.
Mr. RAMSEY. The corporators are the
parties who invest money.
Mr. NYE. There is a provision that the
Government shall step in and take it if it is
necessary. I understand that perfectly well.
It means a great scheme without anything
under it. It establishes a system of stamps
that will ingulf us all in stamps._ At every
ten miles the Postmaster General is to have a
telegraphic office. I hope the bill will not
pass. It ought to receive that consideration
which a proposition to make such a change is
entitled to. Experience, in my judgment, will
show that mixing the Post Office Department,
which is very well managed now, with a vast
irrelevant appurtenance will ingulf both. It
ought not to be done without consideration,
certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, it was my
fortune to have been a member of the other
branch of the National Legislature at the time
when a small appropriation was made to the
late Professor Morse to establish a line of
telegraph between Baltimore city and Wash-
ington. I am happy to say that I gave to that
measure my earnest support. It was a new
measure; and all new measures take time,
take consideration and investigation to pre-
sent them acceptably to the public mind.
What has gr.own out of that beginning we
all know. The benefits which have resulted
from it over the whole world can hardly be
estimated.
Now, sir, the simple question, in my judg-
ment, arises whether it is not wise at this day
and this time for our Government to do what
almost every other Government has done, take
this system of telegraphing operations into its
own charge, control it and regulate it, and
reduce the expense which those who have
occasion to use it shall be obliged to pay. I
think it all embraced in that one single thing.
Sir, when you turn to the European Gov-
ernments where this system has been taken
charge of by Government, I think we are
able to state in every case successfully, they
have reduced rates vastly below anything we
have had in this country. I think the same
rule may be made to apply here. In Belgium,
for the transmission of ten words ten cents are
charged ; in France, from ten to twenty cents;
in Great Britain, twenty-five cents ; in Can-
ada twenty five cents. Now, in my judgment,
the time is fast approaching, if it has not
already come, when theie is a necessity for our
Government to take charge of the telegraphic
system. It has many feature similar to those
of our postal arrangements, and comes, if not
directly, yet very much in opposition to the
transmission of written and printed matter
through the mails. The telegraph system oper-
ates to diminish the revenues of the Govern-
ment. It is, therefore, in my judgment, wise
that the Government should take it into its own
control, for the purpose of harmonizing the
two systems together. Indeed, if nothing of
that kind be done, competition, perhaps to a
greater extent than we have it—although com-
petition has been very much avoided by com-
binations of great lines—will yet affect more
injuriously the postal system than it does now.
It is theiefore wise, in my judgment, that the
Government take this system into its own
control.
As the chairman of the committee has said
the bill proposes the expenditure of no money
by the Government, but it does propose to
give to a responsible company the power of
establishing telegraphic offices in connection
with the Government, and to forward mes-
sages at stipulated rates, which diminish first the
cost of transmission of messages at the present
time all the way from forty to fifty per cent.
But Senators will bear in mind that that is not
all the diminution. The diminution when put
at that percentage is computed on the basis of
a message often words, while the bill as here
presented gives you twenty-five words as the
message, which is an increase of eighty per
cent, npon the amount of matter sent. The
rates hereinclude date and address, and, assum-
ing what I understand to be about the ordinary
rule, those dates and addresses will take about
seven words, giving, therefore, eighteen woids in
place often, which is an increase of the amount
of matter sent of eighty per cent., and the rates
reduced from those that we now pay varying
from forty to fifty per cent. It does seem to
me that that feature alone in the bill is one
that should commend itself to our better judg-
ment.
Again, it is known that the occasions
which the Government itself has for the use
of the telegraph are increasing annually. We
are inaugurating a system which I believe will
be reduced to a science; I do not doubt that
we shall be, if we have not already been, able
to tell with very great accuracy the kind of
weather we are to have all over the country.
The system which the Government has in-
augurated, and through which it has been
obliged to use the Western Union Telegraph
Company for the purpose of .transmitting jts
messages daily to and from the signal office
here, has already been productive of good.
I think we have enough of it now to see that
we shall be able in the progress^ of time to
establish very satisfactorily the kind and de-
scription of weather that we shall have from
day to day in every locality. The reasonable
