1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
tlie Ouachita river, in Louisiana, forty tliou-
tjnJ dollar.-!.
Fur the improvement of the Monongahela
river between Morgantown arid New Geneva,
in accordance with the plan submitted by Gen-
eral A. A. Humphreys in his report to the j
House of Representatives da'ed February I
fourieenth, eigh'ecn hundred and seventy-two,
twenty-live thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Ohio river, and
the harbors thereof, including the repair of
the Cumberland dam, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of the Osage river,
Missouri, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Currant tiver, Mis-
souri, five thousand dollars.
For the continuing (lie work on the canal at
the falls of the Oinoriver, three hundred thou-
sand do'lai s. And the Secretary of War is
hereby directed to report to Congress, at its
next session, or sooner, if practicable, the
condition of said canal, and the provisions
necessary to relieve the same from incum-
brance, with a view to such legislation as will
render the same free to commerce at the
earliest practicable period, subject only to
such tolls as may be necessary lor the super-
intendence and repair thereof, which shall not,
alter the passage of this act, exceed five cents
per ton.
For the improvement of the Mississippi river
between the mouth of the Illinois river and
the mouth of the Missouri tiver, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Mississippi
river between the mouth of the Missouri river,
and the mouth of the Merrimac river, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Wabash river,
Indiana, commencing at its mouth, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For the continuation of the work now in pro-
gress on the Tennessee river, below Chat-
tanooga, including the Muscle shoals, fifty
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Tennessee river,
between Knoxville and Chattanooga, twenty-
five thous itid dollars.
For the improvement of Cumberland river,
in Tennessee, twenty thousand dollais.
For the improvement ot the moudi of the
Mississippi tiver. Louisiana, one hundred and
fiiiy-five thousand dollars.
For tbetmproveineut of Tones bayou, Louis
iana, twenty thousand dollars.
Fur improvement of Calcasieu pass, in the
State of Louisiana, fitteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement ot bar in Galveston
bav, ten thousand dollars, and for improve-
ment of the harbor of Galveston, Texas,
thirty-one thousand dollars.
Foe the improvement oi Cypress bayou, near
Jefferson, Texas, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Tangipahoa
river, Louisiana, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For icmoviiig the raft in Red river, Louis-
iana, one hundred and fitiy thousand dollars.
For removing the wreck of theguu-boat
Oregon, in the Chifuncte river, Louisiana, six
thousand dollars.
For dredging the bar at the mouth of the
bat bor of Cedar Keys, I1 lorida, seven thousand
five hundred dollars. .
For diedging the bar at the mouth of oaint
John's mer, Florida, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Mobile harbor and
bay, Alabama, seventy five thousand dollais.
For the iiupiovemetit ol the ship-channel m
Charleston hai bor. South Carolina, thuty-eigut
thousand seven handled dollars.
For removiiigob.strue.ious 111 Ashepoo river,
South Caro'ina. one thousand three hundred
dollars. And the amount, of the appropriation
made by act ot Congress, approved July elev-
enth, eighteen hundred and seventy, for re-
moving obstructions in Town creek, near
Charleston, South Carolina, which remains
unexpended, is hereby appropriated to remove
wrecks obstructing navigation in Btono river,
South Carolina, near Church flats.
For the improvement of Savannah harbor
and river, Georgia, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the entrance to the
harbor of Baltimore, in Patapsco river, and
Chesapeake bay, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Rappahannock
river, below Fredericksburg, Virginia, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the James river,
Virginia, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Appomattox
river below Petersburgh, Virginia, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For the improvement of Aquia creek, Vir-
ginia, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the improvement of Accotink creek,
Virginia, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement, of the Roanoke river
below Weldon, North Carolina, ten thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Cape Fear river,
below Wilmington, North Carolina, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Queenstown harbor,
Maryland, six thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Worton harbor,
Maryland, twelve thousand dollars.
For the improvement ot' Cambridge harbor,
Maryland, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Northeast river,
Maryland, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Wicomico river,
Maryland, five thousand dollars.
For clearing and improving the channel of
the Schuylkill river from itsmouih to the Chest-
nut street bridge, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
forty thousand dollars, of which sum sufficient
is to be used for removing the rock between
Locust street and the said bridge.
For the improvement of Wilmington harbor,
Delaware, ten thousand dollars.
For the repair of pier of the ice harbor at
New Castle, Delaware, and for building a new
pier at said harbor, twenty seven thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Delaware river, be-
tween 1'ienton and Bordentown, New Jersey,
ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Hudson river,
New Yoik. foriy thousand dollars.^
For the removal of obstructions in the East
river, New York, including Hell Gale, two
hundied and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Providence river,
Rhode Island, ten thousand^ dollars.
For the improvement of Pawtucket river,
Rhode Island, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement ot the Passaic river,
between Newark and Passaic, New Jersey,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement and removal of rocks
in Port Clester habor, New York, twelve
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Roundout harbor,
New York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the breakwater at
Block island, Rhode Island, fifty thousand
dollais.
For the improvement of Pawcatuck river,
Rhode Island and Connecticut, ten thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of tlie lhames river,
Connecticut, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Connecticut
river below Harttord, Connecticut, incmding
Saybrook bar at the mouth of the river, forty
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Connecticut
river on or above Enfield falls and below
Holyoke, twenty-five thousand dollars,
For the improvement of New Haven harbor,
Connecticut, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Hotisatonic
river, Connecticut, fifteen thousand dollars.
For tbe improvement of Biidgeport liaibor,
Connecticut, foriy thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Norwalk harbor,
Connecticut, between the stone bridge and the
railroad draw-bridge, tea thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Port Jefferson har-
bor, Long Island, New York, fitteen thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Peconie river,
Long Island, New York, ten thousand.dollars,
For the improvementof Huntington harbor.
Long Island, New York, twenty-two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the improvement of the Narragaugus
river, Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Sullivau river and
Sullivan falls, Maine, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of the Penobscot river,
Maine, forty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Kennebec river,
Maine, eight thousand dollars.
IFor the lm provement of Royals river, Maine,
ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Portland harbor
and Back bay, Maine, forty-five thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Saco river, Maine,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of R chmond's Island,
Maine, twenty thousand dollars.
For removing rock in Gloucester harbor,
Massachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement ofBoston harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For tbe improvement of Taunton river,
Massachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Plymouth harbor,
Massachusetts, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the improvement of Edgartown harbor,
Massachusetts, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Provincetown har
bor, Massachusetts, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Wells harbor,
Maine, five thousand dollars.
For removal of rocks at entrance of Well-
fleet harbor, Massachusetts, five thousand dol-
lars.
For the improvement of the Merrimac river
above Haverhill, Massachusetts, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Duxbury harbor,
Massachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For tbe improvement of Wareham harbor,
Massachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement ot the Lower Willa-
mette river, Oregon, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Upper Colum-
bia river, Oiegoti, fifty thousand dollars.
For the removal of llincou rock, in the
harbor of San Francisco, California,' fifty
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the breakwater at
Wilmington, Cahtornia, seventy-five thousand
dollais.
For the improvement of the lombigbee
river, ten thousand dollars.
For removal of rocks at New Haven harbor,
Connecticut, fifteen thousand dollars.
For impiovemeut of Cucheco river within
the town of Dover, New Hampshire, ten thou-
sand dollars. i
For improvement of Black River harbor,
Ohio, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveys and examinations, with a view
to the improvement ot i tvers and harbors, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of Warts hereby
directed to cause examinations or surveys, or
both, to be made at the following points,
namely: at Keyport harbor, New Jersey;
