1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44ot
ann mcabthtt.
Mr. DONNAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House pass a bill (S. No.
265) to authorize the payment of bounty to
Ann McCarthy.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Second Auditor of the Treasury be authorized
and directed to issue a certificate for a bounty
of $100, payable to Ami McCarthy, of Boston,
Massachusetts, in lieu of Treasury certifi-
cate No. 309X59, payable to John McCarthy,
father of Ann McCarthy, upon the surrender
of the Treasury certificate.
Mr. RANDALL. Is Aim McCarthy dead ?
Mr. DONNAN. John McCarthy is dead,
but this provides for the payment to his
daughter.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
MISSISSIPPI LEVEES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and
is hereby, directed to pay out of the contingent
fund ot the House to the sub-eommittee of the
select Committee on the Levees of the Mississippi,
who visited and inspected the levees of the Missis-
sippi in November, 1871, their mileage for travel
involved in connection with said duty, not to ex-
coed $750.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 30.
So the resolution was adopted.
IOWA LAND TITLES.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to suspend the
rules and pass a bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet
the title to certain lands in the State of Iowa.
The bill, rtfcich was read, provides that the
title to the lands in the State of Iowa hereto-
fore approved and certified by the Department
of the Interior for railroad purposes, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from
the city of Davenport via Iowa City to Coun-
cil Bluffs, under the grants made by Con-
gress, according to the adjustments thereof
made at the General Land Office, shall be
confirmed to the Mississippi and Missouri
Railroad Company, and the Chicago, Rock
Island, and Pacific Railroad Company, and
their assigns, they being the corporations to
whom said lands were certified; provided,
that the act shall be construed as conveying
only any reversionary or other interest which
the United States may have in said lands, and
all lands settled upon in good faith and now
occupied by homestead or preemption settlers
shall be excluded from the operations of the
a°Mr. FARNSWORTH. That bill has been
voted down more than once.
Mr. HOLMAN. -Yes, three or four times.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order?
The SPEAKER. Why is not the motion
in order?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because it has been
voted down more than once.
The SPEAKER. Under what rule is it not
in order?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The rule against
tautology. [Laughter.]
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 52.
Mr. SAWYER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sawyer and
Mr. Holmau were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 47. - '
So (two thirds not having voted in the afiirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended, and the
bill was not
HARRIET SPRING.
Mr FRYE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the bill (S. No. 905) for the
relief of Harriet Spring, the heir of Captain
Williams Barker, deceased, be taken from the
Speaker's table and passed.
The bill was read. It provides thatthere be
paid to Harriet Spring, of Waterville, Maine,
theheirof Captain Williams Barker, of Water-
ville, Maine, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the half pay of a
captain from the end of the revolutionary
war to the death of Captain Barker, February
19, 1819; and that a warrant be issued to the
said Harriet Spring for such bounty land as
she, in virtue of the services of the said Cap-
tain Williams Barker, deceased, as a private
soldier in said war, is entitled to receive.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT RALEIGH.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Rogers] asks that the
bill (S. No. 467) to provide for the erection
of a building suitable for the use of the United
States courts, post office, and other necessary
Government offices, at Raleigh, North Caro-
lina, which was laid aside when the House
proceeded to business on the Speaker's table,
be taken up and passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be
erected a suitable building, with a fire-proof
vault extending to each story, at Raleigh, in
the State of North Carolina, for the use and
accommodation of the courts of the United
States, post office, and other offices of the
Government. And for such purpose it appro-
priates, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, $100,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who shall cause proper plans
and estimates to be made, so that the whole
expenditure for the erection aud completion
of the said building shall not exceed the sum
hereby appropriated.
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the bill
be passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina a question.
Congress passed a law in 1856, providing for
the erection in Raleigh, North Carolina, of a
public building of this general character. I
would like to inquire whether that building
was ever put up, in accordance with the law ?
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. It was
not. In 1857 a purchase of a site was' made
and preparations were ma'le for erecting the
building, but only seven or eight thousand
dollars was expended, and the balance of the
money was covered into the Treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is one of eight or
ten buildings for which appropriations passed
in that session of Congress. " They have all
been provided for by subsequent legislation
excepting this building, and those at Memphis
and Nashville, Tennessee. Ispeakfrom recol-
lection ; but I think I am correct in the state-
ment that those three are the only ones for
which provision has not been made.
The question being put,
The SPEAKER announced that on a, vote
by sound, in the judgment of the Chair, two
thirds had voted in the affirmative.
Mr. HOLMAN called for a division.
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. I should
like the bill to be reported again. I think the
gentleman after hearing it, in connection with
the explanation which I gave just now, will
not further oppose the bill.
The bill was again read.
Mr. TYNER. If the House will bear with
me for a few minutes I would like to be heard
on this bill. I do not like to oppose the efforts
of gentlemen to secure public buildings for
their districts ; but a sense of duty impels me
to say that this thing must stop at some point
or other, and I do not think there is any better
time for stopping it than now.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and this House, have been very lib-
eral during this session in recommending the
construction of - public buildings throughout
the country. Some bills have passed the
House without opposition, and even without a
division, which, in my judgment, never ought
to have passed. .But I permitted them to pass,
although a member of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, without raising an
objection, simply because I did not desire,to
place myself in antagonism to the wishes of
gentlemen. But as regards the proposition
now before the House, there is no proof what-
ever before the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, or, so far as I know, before the
House, indicating why the bill should pass.
I do not know—although it is part of my duty
as a memberofthat committee to be acquainted
with these things—I do not know that there is
any necessity for a public building at Raleigh;
and there is not, so far as I am aware, asingle
word of proof on the subject before either ihe
committee or the House.
I therefore suggest to the House that in-
stead of passing the bill it would be better
to refer itto theCommittee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. RO GE RS, of North Carolina. I desire
to make a statement in reference to this mat-
ter. In 1857 an appropriation was made for
a building of this character at Raleigh, North
Carolina; the land was purchased and had
been cleared of the old buildings on it, and
when the unfortunate difficulties broke oat
between the South and the North the appro-
priation was then covered into the Treasury.
At this time we have upon the lot a rotten
wooden building, one story high, made of;
upright planks, aud in that building the post
office is kept. We have no place for the court-
house at all. I know the House would not
bear with me at the present time, but if they
would I could show that the courts at Raleigh
do more business now than any United States
courts, excepting perhaps those in the State
of New York and in the State of Pennsylvania,.
We have a civil docket of over eight hundred
cases; we have also a large criminal docket,
a libel docket, and an admiralty docket.
Nearly every gentleman here knows that a
large number of the wrecks in the United
States are cast on the coast of North Carolina
and involve very large admiralty business for
the United States courts in that State. Terms
of the courts at Raleigh last generally from
six to eight weeks, and there i8 no place in
which they can be held. Sometimes they are
held in the court house, which is a very small
and inconvenient building. We have no public
buildings in the city really.
Our people are too poor to invest money
iu public buildings; tliey need all they can
earn to invest in their own business, The re-
sult is that the records are kept in a small
tenement exposed on all occasions to destruc-
tion. The post office building is not equal to
the ordinary demands of business in that sec-
tion of the country- The judges of the circuit
and district courts have made application
again and again for some suitable and secure
place in which the records of the court may be
kept. The clerk of the court has reported
that he has no place in which to keep the
records of the court. The office of the mar-
shal is in one part of the city and the office of
the clerk in another part; the records of these
offices are exposed at all times to destruction,
and great concern is felt by the judges of the
circuit and district, courtSj but thus far they
have failed to secure proper accommodation.
The internal revenue office also, which 1 sin-
cerely hope will be temporary merely, has no
proper accommodation; the officers are
tered all over the city. I trust the bill will
pass.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules and pass the hill; and there
were—ayes 97, noes 31.
, So (two thirds voting in favor thereol) the
I rules were suspended, aud the bill was passed.
