1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
owners of vessels navigating the waters of
Lake Huron, praying that the fixed light at
Point Aux Barques be changed to a fixed light;
■which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
lie also presented the petition of J, W. Van
Tassen, publisher of the Van Buren County
Press, of Paw Paw, Van Buren county, Mich-
igan, praying for such an amendment to the
postal laws as will allow persons known as reg-
ular publishers and dealers in newspapers and
periodicals to receive by mail such quantities
of either as they may require, in bulk, whether
wholly or in part printed, and pay the postage
thereon as received, at the same rates pro rata
as regular subscribers to publications weighing
four ounces, who pay quarterly in advance;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a memorial
of Rev. J. H. Lightbourne, Ellwood Garrett,
Cyrus Pyle, and seven hundred and ninety-
three others, citizens of Wilmington, Dela-
ware. praying that Congress by appropriate
legislation will hereafter prohibit, within the
jurisdiction of the Government of the United
States, the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of Rev. J. H.
Lightbourne, Ellwood Garrett, Cyrus Pyle, and
seven hundred and sixty-six others, citizens
of Wilmington, Delaware, praying an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
providing that no candidate shall hereafter be
eligible to any Federal office who is addicted
. to the use of intoxicating liquors as a bever-
age, and that drunkenness in any incumbent
of such office shall be deemed at any time
sufficient cause for bis immediate impeach-
ment and deposition; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of Dr.
C. C. Dusenberry and others, citizens of New
York, praying the adoption of a constitutional
amendment rendering ineligible to Federal
office persons who use intoxicating drinks as a
beverage, and making the use of such drinks
by persons now in office a cause for impeach-
ment and removal; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of Daniel G.
Banks and others, citizens of New York, pray-
ing a prohibition of the manufacture, import-
ation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors to
be used as a beverage wilhin the jurisdiction
of the Government of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Society
of Friends of Long Island, praying a prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage, within the jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STOCKTON presented concurrent res-
olutions of the Legislature of New Jersey,
asking for an appropriation of $300,000 for
the purchase of a lot and the erection thereon
of a suitable public building at Trenton, New
Jersey, for the accommodation of the post
office, assessor's office, pension agency, and
the United States district and circuit courts;
which were referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented concurrent resolutions of
the Legislature of New Jersey, asking an appro-
priation of $75,000 to be expended in the
removal of certain obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Delaware river; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of the
workers in the Hooper & Townseml bolt-
works, citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against a change of the existing
tariff laws abating or abolishing duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Birmingham iron-works, and citizens of
Alleghany county; Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties upon such articles
as are successfully produced in this coun-
try ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition of per-
sons who state that they are natives of Ireland,
citizens and having the intention of becoming
citizens of the United States, who say that
they regard with deep concern the designs and
efforts made to subvert the national policy of
industrial protection that affords varied em-
ployments, upon which over half a million of
their countrymen depend for the means of
support, and in this, their adopted country,
they perceive the outcroppings of the same
British policy that has ruined Ireland, under
the guise of what is called "free trade" or
"revenue reform," and asking that addi-
tional protection shall be given to all indus-
tries which require it. I move its reference
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Al-
mira H. Thompson, ofWestfield, Chautauque
county, New York, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions,
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
workers in the Marietta iron-works, Wash-
ington county, Ohio, remonstrating against a
change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Newburyport, Massachusetts, being the
representatives of original sufferers by French
spoliations, praying that Congress will provide
for their claims; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a petition of colored citi-
zens of Mississippi, setting forth the outrages
] to which they are exposed and praying for
i the passage of the supplementary civil rights
j bill; which was ordered to lie on the table.
! Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
! similar to that presented by the Senator from
j New York [Mr.FENTOK] yesterday, asking for
! civil service reform, and specifying^ several
| details, assigning reasons and alleging ou_t-
| rages which require remedy. This petition is
) extensively signed by the most distinguished
| mercantile houses in Boston, and also some
I others out of Boston, in Massachusetts. I
i move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
workers in the Buffalo Iron and Nail Com-
pany's works, citizens of Buffalo, Nev/ lork.
remonstrating against a change in the existing
I tariff laws abating or abolishing duties upon
j such articles as are successfully produced in
] this country ; which was referred to the Com-
| mittee on Finance. ,
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
! workmen in the employ of tiie \\rightsville
! Iron Company, of "Wrightsville, York county,
! Pennsylvania^ praying ft repeal of the duties
' upon tea, coffee, and other articles o! neces-
1 sitv, and for such an adjustment of the tariff
1 duties as will protect home industry; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance. _
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the emplov of the Lehigh Iron Company, citi-
zens of Salisbury township, Lehigh county,
Pennsylvania, praying a repeal of the duties
upon tea, coffee, and other articles of nece*;
sity, and for such an adjustment of the tarin
duties as will protect home industry; which
was referred to the Committee on tinance.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in the Chestnut Hill Iron Ore Company's fur-
naces, citizens of Columbia, Lancaster county,
Pennsylvania, praying a repeal of the duties
upon tea, coffee, and other articles of neces-
sity, and such an adjustment of the tariff duties
as will protect home industry ; which was re-
ferred to the-Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Edward
Hedley, praying compensation for amill burned
to give light for movements of United States
troops operating near Richmond, Virginia, in
1865; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. NORWOOD presented a petition of
citizens of Georgia, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the French between
the years 1793 and 1801; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. B0REMAN presented papers in sup-
port of the bill (S. No. 534) to confirm the
title of James V. Boughner to certain lands
therein described; which were referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the following
order be made:
Ordered, That Mrs. H. L. G-atcs have leave to
wi thdraw from the files of the Senate the papers in
relation to the claim of the heirs of Colonel William
Gates.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those papers have been
used in this body and in the other House upon
her claim. They have been adjudicated, and
an act of Congress has been passed to pay
that claim or what was thought a reasonable
and proper allowance, and it has been paid.
Now, I think in a case of that kind these
papers, which arc in effect the vouchers, ought
not to be withdrawn.
Mr. KELLOGG. I know nothing about
the ease myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the order will go
over until to-morrow. It. is in the position of
a resolution, which can be called up by a vote
of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Obadiah B. and
Oliver S. Lathom be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia,
it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the
papers now on file in the office of the Secretary of
the Senate, in the case of the German Evangelical
church of Martinsburg, West Virginia.
11EP0RTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to Tvhom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 13-30) to amend the thirty-second sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
July 14. 1870, reported it. with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 1333) to
amend section thirty-five of an act entitled
'■'An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 552) to regu-
late the compensation of the clerks employed
in the several Executive Departments of the
(iovernment, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 575) to authorize the purchase of
secured obligations of the Real Estate Bank
of Virginia, to report it. adversely. As this is
a hill introduced by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. .Tohxston,] in which lie takes a
personal interest, I ask that it be put on the
Calendar with the adverse report, without
aCThe VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom wa^.referred the bill {p.
