1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1763
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator wishes
my opinion about it I can tell him that I have
no doubt that one clerk in each Department,
with the devotion of not more than a day or
two, can furnish the information, and we can
get it all very soon. Therefore it is that I
have sought to have these four States go first,
being always willing to vote for all others in
separate resolutions, and not wanting this to
wait until everything else can be investigated.
Mr. SUMNER. I had a reason for my in-
quiry. Senators may remember that on the
20th of December the Senate, on my motion,
adopted a resolution calling upon the Secre-
tary of the Navy for the "expenditures in-
curred in support of the navigation of the sev-
eral ships already reported to the Senate by
the Secretary as employed on the coast of St.
Domingo since the beginning of negotiations
for the acquisition of part of that island, setting
forth the expenditures on account of each ship,
and the sum total taken from the annual ap-
propriations on account of all these ships."
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him? Was not that resolution
amended so as to instruct the Committee on
Retrenchment and Investigation to collect that
information?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. The Senator
now refers to another resolution introduced
by myself contemplating an entirely different
inquiry. I am obliged to the Senator for call-
ing attention to that, for it is very important.
That related to the advance by any private
individual in New York or elsewhere of funds
for the payment of the lease of the Bay of
Samana. This resolution is pointed to the
actual expense of our Navj' in the ports of St.
Domingo and ranging about that island. _lt
was offered with a sincere desire of ascertain-
ing what the cost of that has been. The reso-
lution was adopted by the Senate, I think unan-
imously ; I think the Senator from New York
concurred in it; it was amended, indeed, on
his suggestion, and I accepted his amendment.
That was the last that has been heard of it.
On inquiry at the desk I find that it was com-
municated duly to the Secretary of the Navy,
December 20. January and February have
passed, and we are far toward the 20th of
March, three months, and a resolution asking
for information with regard to an important
class of expenditures in one single Depart-
ment is not yet answered. Why, sir, I very
naturally inquire whether the Senator from
New York has any reason to expect that
his resolution, which is addressed to several
Departments, which proposes a wider range
of inquiry, is to be answered at once. If we
allow his resolution the three months that
have already been occupied in considering this
other resolution, it is hardly probable we shall
get our answer during this session.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I beg the Senator
to let us vote so that they may begin as soon
as possible. „ ,
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I wish that the
Senate, in voting on the proposition ot the
Senator, shall see the inquiry they are_ insti-
tuting, and shall consider whether there is rea-
sonable ground to believe that during this
session it can be answered; that is, judging
by the experience of the Senate ; and certainly
if the resolution to which I have called atten-
tion cannot be answered in three mouths,
how can the resolution of the Senator be
answered before our adjournment? ^
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply wish
to say to the Senator from Massachusetts that
I may be mistaken, but my impression is very
strong that an answer to that resolution has
come to the Senate.
Mr CONKLING. Please do not argue that.
Mr. SUMNER. It has never come, to my
knowledge, and I have inquired at the desk;
none was reported to me there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution of the Senator
from New York as modified.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
Mr. WRIGHT. If there is to be another
word said on this question I must call for the
regular order. If we can have a vote at once
I will yield.
Mr. HILL. I will not claim the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution as modified.
The resolution as modified was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in
his judgment not incompatible with thepublic inter-
est, to inform the Senate of the number of recom-
mendations for appointments to or removals from
office, so far as the same can be ascertained, made
to the present Administration by persons now Sena-
tors from the States ofNew York, Missouri, Illinois,
Nebraska, and Indiana, respectively, giving such
particulars as may be given in regard to such recom-
mendations, and in regard to the persons Whose ap-
pointments or removals were proposed, together with
a statement of the number of cases in which action
was taken in accordance with such recommendations
respectively, and of the number of persons so re-
spectively appointed who have been removed; and
also whether any such Senators have solicited or
asked appointments or removals in any sense other
than transmitting papers, or stating the character
and qualifications either of applicants or of those
who vouched for applicants; and if so, what Sena-
tors. Also, that he inform the Senate whether the
head of any Department has caused to be prepared
in his Department the tabulated statement, or any
part thereof, referred to in the following statement
made in the Senate by theSenatorfrom Indiana, Mr.
Morton, on the 23d of February, 1872: "I saw this
afternoon a tabulated statement giving the num-
ber of recommendations made in each Department
since the 4th of March 1869, by the Senatorfrom Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] numbering one hundred and
three;" and if so, at whose instance and for what
purpose said tabulated statement, or any part
thereof, was prepared; whether the head of such
Department at the same time caused like tabu-
lated statements to |?e prepared giving the number
of recommendations made by the other members
of the Senate for the same period. Also, that he
furnish the Senate with a copy of the record or list
kept m the respective Departments^ showing the
appointments or removals therein which have been
credited or charged to each of the Senators afore-
said, and to what Senator, together with the names
of the persons recommended to or for removal
from, office by each of said Senators, stating par-
ticularly in each case whether it was a request
verbally or otherwise for an appointment or re-
moval, the indorsement of recommendations made
by others, orof the character of the parties recom-
mending without any reference to the applicant, or
a reference of the papers oi others to him or the
head of a Department, without any expression oi
opinion by the Senator in regard thereto; and
whether appointments or removals have in any in-
stance been made at the suggestion or request ot any
third party, who has acted as a go-between ol either
of said Senators and the appointing power, or rep-
resented, or in any manner caused it to be under-
stood, that such appointments or removals would be
agreeable to, or were desired by, any Senator; and it
so, giving the name of the Senator and of the person
who so represented or caused it to be understood; and
particularly whether any such appointments or re-
movals have been made at the suggestion of itos-
well Hart, an assistant superintendent of mail ser-
vice in the State of New York; or ot A. H. Lauin,
naval officer of the port of New York; orot A.B.
Cornell, surveyor of the port Oi New York; they or
either of them professing to represent any ot such
Senators. Also, whether any persons speaking tor
or on behalf of any of such Senators nave ap-
proached the executive department or any oi its
branches with proposals to arrange or compose tfce
dissatisfaction of any of such Senators on the basis ot
patronage or by means of patronage. ^ Also, wnetner-
any of such Senators have made application or sug-
gestion in regard to the award of any contract re-
quired by law to be let to the lowest bidder; and if
so what Senator, and the name of the bidder m
whose behalf the suggestion was made.
MESSAGE t'KOM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1058)
granting a pension to Margaret Coggins, widow
of Philip Coggins.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 565) to extend the
time to the State ot Wisconsin to complete a
road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior,
with an amendment; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1720) to
confirm the title of John Boyer_ to certain
lands therein described; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate,
LAKE ST. CROIX AND SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the bill
which has just come back from the House of
Representatives reported, and then I desire to
submit a motion in regard to it.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 565) to extend
the time to the State of Wisconsin to complete
a road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior
was laid before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I do not care about having
the amendment reported. I understand what
it is, if the Senate do not. I move that the Sen-
ate non-concurinthe amendment ofthe House,
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
that bill lie over until to-morrow, merely that
we may have a vote upon it in the morning
hour. I have no desire to delay it or to speak
upon it, but I do desire to have a vote on the
amendment of the House, and I should like
to have it taken up when we can have a yea
and nay vote in a full Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The first question will be
on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing
to have the vote now if there is a quorum
present, but I am fearful that there is not.
If the Senator will let it lie on the table
until to-morrow morning, during the morning
hour, I shall make no further opposition.
Mr. HOWE. I shall have to do so if the
Senate insists upon it. I think the bill was
passed by the Senate unanimously; I was not
present at the time. If' the Senator insists
upon it, of course I will withdraw the motion,
or will let it lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will lie over.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the
16thinstant, approved and signed an act (S. No.
528) to continue in force a grant to the
State of Nevada for college purposes.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had this day approved and signed-the
following acts :
An act (S. No. 353) to restore the records
of the United States courts in the northern
district of Illinois;
An act (S. No. 442) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to provide for a building suited
to the use of the post office, the pension and
revenue officers, and the judicial officers of
the Uuited States in the city of Trenton, New
Jersey " approved March 3, 1871; and
An act (S. No. 742) to amend section
thirty-five of an act entitled "An act to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes."
CHICAGO FIBH.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 555)
for the relief of sufferers by fire at Chicago,
the pending question being upon the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance,
to strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert the following:
That all goods, wares, and merchandise which
may be sent from places without the limits of the
United States as gratuitous contributions to the
relief of sufferers by the fire which occurred at
Chicago, Illinois, October 7, 8, ami 9, 1871,shall, when
imported and consigned to the proper authority at
Chicago for distribution, be admitted free ot duty.
Sec. 2. Thattliereshall bo allowed ana paid, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the .Treasury
shall prescribe, on all materials imported to be and
actually used in buildups erected on the site of
buildings burned by saia fire, a drawback of the
import duties paid on thesame; 1 rovided, Thatsaid
materials shall have been imported and used during
the term of one year fioin and aiter tiie p&bsag© ot
Seo°S That the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue is hereby authorized to suspend the collection
of such taxes as may have been assessed, or as may
h-ivo accrued, prior to the 9th of October, 18(1, in
the first collection district in the btate oi, Illinois,
against any person residing or doing business ar.<!
