2660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Vote for contestant, 195; for contestee, 17 ;
majority for contestant,, 178. Not proved.
21. Same defect in second precinct, same
township and county, as to acting judges.
Vote for contestant, 76; for contestee, 10;
majority for contestant, 66. Not proved.
In ten of the foregoing twenty specifications
one or both, of the judges of election desig
nated are proven to not have been freeholders.
To that extent, therefore, the facts charged
were established. In every instance, however,
every judge acting was acting by virtue of an
appointment from some person or persons
authorized by law to appoint. In no instance
was questioned the good faith of any one of
such acting judges. And, pending the elec
tion, in no instance was the official appoint-
ment or the official elegibility or official au-
thority of such acting officer objected to or
questioned; and in no instance was there
any other person claiming the position of any
one of such officers.
As to the law, that is the same as to each
specification, and by a careful examination of
the law and the precedents, as heretofore sanc-
tioned by the House, it will abundantly appear
that the doctrine should be considered as
finally settled; that where one or more of the
acting officers of electiou at a given precinct
did not at the time possess the qualifications
prescribed by law, or was ineligible, effect,
nevertheless, will be given to the votes there
cast, and the returns thereof, the same as if
such officer had been in all respects eligible
and duly qualified, unless it shall be made to
appear that the election was illegal or unfair
in some respect exclusive of that want of mere
eligibility or oilicial qualification.
The question involved in these specifications
has been elaborately argued by contestee and
his points and authorities strenuously insisted
upon by him as decisive of this contest for
him and against the contestant. Hence, every
consideration has been given to this branch
of the case.
The statute law of the State of Indiana
applicable to this branch of the case is found
in the aot of June 7, 1852, as follows :
"Sue. i. In case such board shall designate more
I'litcca of voting in tuiy township,or form a pieciuct
of two or more townships, such heavd shall annu-
ally, at the Juno term, appoint,some elector of such
new precinct to act, as inspect,or thereof, and such
inspector^shall, previously to the time of opening
the electiou, select t'-vo qualified votnrs of the pre-
cinct, who, with himsolf, shall constitute a board of
judges of such election, and Mich board shall ap-
pointtwo clerks; hut in case there i* but one pre-
cinct in a township, and such township forms a pre-
cinct, such elections shall be conducted by the offi-
cers and regulated by the laws provided for the
government of such township, except as herein
otherwise provided ; and in case there is more than
one precinct in any such township, and there shall
not he in attendance on the day and a-t, the hour ap-
pointed for any such election, the officers authorized
to conduct the same, the qualified electors present
Shall choose such officers according to the regula-
tions hereinafter provided in section six of this act.
"Sec. 6. Each inspector and judge of election shall |
attend at the place ut holding elections in his town-
ship or precinct at or before eight o'clock m the
morning of tho day of election; and should such
inspector not appear at that hour, then the quali-
fied electors of that township or precinct who may
he present shall appoint an inspector of the elec-
tion. and such inspector shall proceed to elect two
judges, arid such judges shall elect two clerks.
"Sun. 8: [f no person present is authorized bylaw
to administer thijoath, of office the inspector shall
administer the same to the judges, and one of such
judges shall then administer said oath to the in-
spector.
" Stio. 9. The inspector shall bo chairman of such
board; and before the reception of any votes shall
administer an oath to each of the clerks of the
election that they will faithfully discharge their
duties. After the organization of .the board of
judges the inspector may administer all necessary
oaths which may be required in the discharge of
their duties.
Shu. 10. A majority of such board of judges may
fill any vacancy oeeurring in the board of judges or
office of clerk.
"Sec.39, The certificates, poll-books, and tally-
gapers forwarded to the board of canvassers shall
e preserved by the clerk of the circuit court, open
to the inspection of aay legal voter of the county
or district. The papers and ballots shall be kept by
the inspectors for the term of six months, except
when such election is contested, then they shall be
preserved, subject to the order of any court trying
such contest, until the same is determined/'
And in that of May lSj 1869, as follows:
" Sec. 3. The township trustee shall, by virtue of
his office, be inspector of elections of such town-
ship, and shall designate the place where elections
shall be held in their respective townships; and
shall, prior to the opening of the polls at any pre-
cinct, appoint two freeholders, qualified voters of
such precinct, judges of such election, such judges
being members of different political parties, and
when so appointed such judges, together with the
inspector, shall constitute a board of election, &c.
Sec. 4. The board of county commissioners of
the proper county may designate one or more places
of holding elections in any township, or form pre-
cincts of two or more townships when public con-
venience requires it; and in case such board of
commissioners shall designate more_ places of vot-
ing in any township, or form a precinct of two or
more townships, they shall, at the June term of said
board of county commissioners preceding any elec-
tion, appoint some freeholder, who shall be a quali-
fied voter of such precinct, to act as inspector
thereof, and may, at any general or special session,
fill any vacancy that may have occurred; and such
inspector shall, previously to the time of opening
the elections at any precinct, appoint two freehold-
ers, qualified voters of such precinct, judges of such
election;" * * * * "and such judges,
together with such inspector, shall constitute a
board of elections."
In support of these specifications contestee
cites and relies on Delano vs. Morgan, (Digest
Election Cases, page 168 ;) Reed vs. Julian,
(Digest Election Cases, page 823.) In Delano
vs. Morgan the committee decided to reject
the poll of Pike township, in the county of
Knox, upon the ground that Salathiel Parrish,
one of the judges, was a deserter from the
Army, and ineligible as an officer of election.
The certificate to the poll-book was like-
wise decided to be defective. It was held the
law required to be certified the "number of
votes cast by electors," whereas the proof
showed that there was certified only the " num-
ber of votes cast.'' And partly for the latter,
and partly for the former defects, coupled
with illegal votes and other frauds, it was held
proper to reject the entire vote of Pike.
B'or the authority of the doctrine of this case,
Howard vs. Cooper (2 Election Cases, 282) was
cited and relied on. It is apparent at a glance
that this case is not only not in point, but is
wholly unlike Delano vs. Morgan. In the lat-
ter there was an election board de facto if not
He jure. But in Howard vs. Cooper the whole
case turned on the fact that there was neither
the one or the other. For aught that appears
if there had been proof of a board de facto,
however ineligible its members might have
be™, the poll would have been upheld in the
absence of proof of unfairness. In Delano
vs. Morgan there was a board acting, at least
under color of law. In Howard vs. Cooper, the
decision was made on the ground that there
was no board at all. And the committee said :
"The law requires that tho board of inspectors
shall be constituted of three persons in number. The
proof is clear that there were buttwo. And as there
was no board of inspectors known to the law, your
committee see no way by which any legal effect can
be given to the returned vote."
And it is submitted that when carefully con-
sidered no authority whatever can be found in
Howard vs. Cooper for Delano vs. Morgan.
The case of Jackson vs. Wayne (1 Election
Oases, 47) is also relied on. It came up from
Georgia in 1791. The election board in Es-
singham were ineligible. And it was contended
in argument that the poll of that county should
be rejected. This question was complicated
with questions of fraud. The case is very im-
perfectly reported, and it is impossible to
tell with any certainty what was decided, ex-
cept, it is observable, the seat in the House
was vacated, and the parties remitted to the
people.
In Reed vs. Julian the entire vote of the
south precinct in the township of Wayne, in
the county of Wayne, was rejected by the com-
mittee upon six several grounds ; one of which
was the inspector and two of the judges, offi-
cers conducting the election, were non-resi-
dents of the precinct and not voters therein;
and another was that 169 legal ballots for con-
testee were abstracted from the box, and 169
illegal ballots for contestant were stuffed in
the box, and that the entire management of
the election at that precinct was fraudulent
and corrupt.
The committee said the alleged fraud by the
officers in conducting the election was not es-
tablished. They said the election board was ille-
gally constituted, and that the board frequently
left the ballot-box, pending the election, which
constituted irregularity and misconduct that
rendered the result uncertain. The authori-
ties relied on, as quoted, do not sustain this
ruling.
In Boileau's case (2 Parsons, 503) the elec-
tion was sustained, and the court said:
" In a case in -which it is shown that in making the
preparatory arrangements for holding an election
a reckless disregard of, or a criminal carelessness as
to, the directions of the law has been manifested,
we should hold such an election undue and illegal."
As to the case in hearing, it may be re-
marked here that there is not one word of tes-
timony in this record of criminal carelessness
or reckless disregard of the provisions of the
law.
Kneass's case, (2 Parsons, 553,) Mann vs.
Cassady, (1 Brewster, 60,) and Thompson vs.
Ewing, {Ibid., 109,) are to the same effect as the
case of Boileau. They all turn chiefly upon
fraud, or such acts as the proof shows defeat
or render uncertain the will of the people.
They go to this extent and no further. And
these cases are therefore inapplicable to Reed
vs. Julian as authority for the position of con-
testee in the case in hearing.
In Reed vs. Julian the committee proceed
to say that for want of lawful authority in the
election board the House has in very many
cases rejected the entire polls. These decisions
commenced many years ago and have con-
tinued regularly until the present time.
And yet a little further on, in this report the
committee say:
"It is freely admitted that the distinction between
officers de facto and dejure is not welt defined. The
decisions of the House, and even the decisions of
courts on this question are somewhat inconsistent
and conflicting. While we admit that party spirit
and surrounding circumstances have produced such
apparent inconsistency in the decisions of the House,
yet we venture to assert that in no case has it ever
been held that persons were officers de facto who did
not possess the qualifications requisite for officers de
jure."
And in support of these opinions they cited
the following cases : Jackson vs. Wayne, (1
Election Cases 47;) McFarland vs. Purviance,
(Ibid., 131;) Easton vs. Scott, (Ibid., 272;)
McFarland vs. Culpepper, (Ibid., 222;) Dra-
per vs. Johnson, (Ibid., 710:) Howard vs.
Cooper, (2 Election Cases, 282;) Blair vs. Bar-
rett, (Ibid., 508;) Knox vs. Blair, (Ibid., 521;)
Myerses. Moffet, (DigestElection Cases, 564;)
Covode vs. Booster (Ibid., 600.)
Jackson vs. Wayne is very imperfectly re-
ported. It went off mainly on questions of fraud,
confusion, and uncertainty in the returns. The
election was vacated and the case remitted
back to the people.
McFarlandtw. Purviancecameupfrom North
Carolina in 1804. The contestant alleged that,
the clerks and inspectors of electiou in the
county of Montgomery refused, although called
on, to take the oath required by law to act
with justice and impartiality. The committee
held that refusal to take the oath prescribed
by law was a fatal defect, and rejected the poll.
The case was reopened, but it does not appear
what became of it. The report is a mere
skeleton. The question decided was that of
a willful refusal to comply with a formality
enjoined by law. The question of the effect
upon the election of ineligibility in the elec-
tion officer was neither presented nor decided.
Easton vs._ Scott came up from the Territory
of Missouri in 1818. The law required three
judges of election. At the poll in the town-
ship of Cote Sans Dessein there were but two
judges. For this and other causes it was
held that the poll of that precinct must be
rejected. The seat in the house was vacated,
and the parties remitted to the people. This
is a case where there was no election board.
