816
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
channel between Staten Island and New Jer-
sey ; at Cohansey creek, New Jersey ; at Bear
creek, Lake Ontario, New York; at Wad-
dington harbor. New York; for a breakwater
at House's point, on Lake Champlain, New
York ; at Port Austin and Port Crescent,
Michigan; at the mouth of Pensaukie river,
Wisconsin ; at Waukegan harbor, Illinois;
the Haehias river, Maine ; at Wickford har-
bor and Newport harbor, Rhode Island ; the
east side of Providence river, between Field's
point and Pox point, Rhode Island; at Port
Orford, Oregon; at Estero bay, San Louis
Obispo county, California; the mouths of
Nomoni creek and Occoquan river, Virginia ;
the bay or sound from Delaware line through
Worcester county to Chincoteague inlet, Vir-
ginia, with a view to an inlet at or near a place
called the Homraacks; for a ship-canal be-
tween the waters of Galveston bay and Saline
lake, Texas; Chester river at Kent Island
narrows, Maryland ; Saint Francis river, from
Greenville down, Missouri; Gasconade river,
Missouri; Tombigbee river, between Fulton
and Columbus, Mississippi; harbor of Cedar
Keys and channel to same, Florida ; Niantic
river, Connecticut; the bars at the outlet of
Sabiue pass, Texas; the Mississippi river
between the mouth of the Missouri river and
the mouth of the Ohio river; west end of the
pass at and near Bio Buck point, Texas ; the
bar at the mouth of Sabine riverinSabine lake,
and to extend up the main channelof said river
to the town of Belzora; at the mouth of the
Nuches river, in Sabine lake, and to extend
up i lie main channel of said river to the town
of Boonville, at the point where the Angelica
river talis into the Nuches river, and to ex
tend up the main channel of said river to the
town of Pattonia, Texas; at the mouth of the
Trinity river, in Galveston bay, and to extend
U|> ihe main channel of said river to the town
oi Magnolia, Texas; Washington harbor, North
Caiolina; Edenton harbor, North Carolina;
mouth ot'Mackay's creek, North Carolina;
Chippewa river up to Chippewa falls, Wis-
consin; haibor at Swatiton, Vermont; harbor
at Galveston, Texas ; at Apaiachicola river,
iiorn Chattahooche, Florida, to Apaiachicola;
hi Chattahooche river, from Columbus, Geor-
gia, to Chattahooche, Florida ; at Flint river,
iiom Albany, Georgia, to Chattahooche, Flor-
ida; for survey of breakwater at Milford, Con-
necticut ; mouth ot Pine river, Michigan ; the
haibor ot San Diego, California; moutli of
Grand Calumet river, Indiana; Great Ka-
nawha river, from the great falls to the mouth,
'v est Viigima; to complete the survey of the
.Jrimes river and Kanawha canal; for survey
><t Camden harboi, Maine; for a sea-wall or
breakwater at Trinidad harbor, California; of
the channel and bank at entrance of Salem
haibor; on Merrimack river, Massachusetts,
irom Haverhill to Newburypurt, including
Duck Moleand Currier shoals ; the New river,
fioin the mouth of Greenbrier, in West Vir-
ginia, to the lead mines, in Wythe county,
Virginia; at St. Helena bar, in the Columbia
luer, Oiegon ; for survery for the removal of
wrecks of gun-boats, steamers, and other ob-
structions placed in Yazoo river during the
War, and for the resurvey of Savannah harbor ;
the Delaware river between Trenton and
Eastou ; for the survey of the river St. Mary's,
in Ohio and Indiana; for the survey of the
Minnesota river above the mouth of the Yel-
low Medicine, Minnesota.
Sec. 3. That in the examinations or surveys
ot ail points mentioned in the foregoing see-
i on, the Secretary of War be directed to as-
eeitain, as far as practicable, the amount of
tonnage of commercial business during the
previous year at each point, together with
such o.ht-r facts as bear upon Ihe question of
the contemplated impiovement, and that he
communicate the same, together with his
report of the examination or survey of such
point, to Congress: Provided, Tbat so much
of the amount herewith appropriated for the
survey of'rivers and harbors as is requisite for
contingencies, may be used for said purpose.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXVII.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Construction, Preservation,
and Repairs of certain Fortifications, and
other works of Defence.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the following fortifica-
tions and other works of defence, viz :
For Fort Gorges, Portland harbor, Maine,
twenty thousand dollars.
For Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine,
forty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Scammell, Portland harbor, Maine,
forty two thousand five hundred dollars.
For battery on Portland Head, Portland,
Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, Massa-
chusetts, eighty-five thousand dollars.
B'or Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor, Massa-
chusetts, sixty-four thousand dollars.
For Fort Independence, Boston harbor,
Massachusetts, forty-two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode
Island, eighty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
eighty-five thousand dollars.
For fort on Willett's point, East river, New
York, seventy-six thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For Fort Wood, Bedloe's Island, New York
harbor, New York, seventeen thousand dollars.
For Fort Hamilton, and additional batteries
in New York harbor, New York, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For fort on the site of Fort Tompkins, New
York harbor, New York, thirty-two thousand
dollars; and for completing the earthwork of
the glacis and slopes in and about Fort Tomp-
kins, New York harbor, fifty-one thousand
dollars.
For Battery Hudson, New York harbor, New
York, seventeen thousand dollars.
For Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, seventy-two thousand dollars.
For a new fort opposite Fort Delaware, Del-
aware river, Delaware, forty-two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For Fort McHenry, Baltimore harbor, Mary-
land, twenty-one thousand dollars.
For fort at Lazaretto point, Balt'more har-
bor, Maryland, thirteen thousand dollars.
For Fort Foote, Potomac river, Maryland,
twenty-one thousand dollars.
For Fort Washington, Potomac river, Mary-
land, twenty-one thousand dollars.
For ]?ort Monroe, Hampton roads, Virginia,
forty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, tbirty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Jackson, Savannah river, Georgia,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For Fort Pulaski, Savannah river, Georgia,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, forty-
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida,
forty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For Fort Jackson, Mississippi liver, Louis-
iana, sixty-four thousand dollars.
tor Fort Saint Philip, Mississippi river,
Louisiana, forty-two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fort at Fort point, entrance to the har-
bor of San Francisco, California, eighty-five
thousand dollars.
For fort at Lime point, entrance to the har-
bor of San Francisco, California, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For fort at Alcatraz Island, in the harbor of
San Francisco, California, forty-two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For sea-coast mortar batteries, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For permanent platforms for modern cannon
of large caliber, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingencies of fortifications, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defences, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
John C. Beaumont.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, restore John C. Beaumont
to the position of captain on the active list, to
take position at the foot of the list of captains;
Provided, That that the passage of this act
shall not entitle the said John C. Beaumont to
draw any additional back pay.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXIX.—An Act relative to Retired
Officers of the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That aW officers of the
United States Army who may hereafter be re-
tired shall be retired upon the actual rank held
by them at the date of retirement, and the
thirty-second section of the actto increase and
fix the military peace establishment of the
United States, approved July twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, is hereby
repealed.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXX.—An Act to Prevent and Pun-
ish the Obstruction of the Administration of
Justice in the Courts of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Cotigress assent,bled, That if any person or
persons shall corruptly, or by threats or force,
or by threatening letters, or any threatening
communications, endeavor to influence, intim-
idate, or impede any grand or petit jury or
juror of any court of the United States, in the
discharge of his or their duty, or shall cor-
ruptly, or by threats or force, or by threaten-
ing letters, or any threatening communications,
influence, obstruct, or impede, or endeavor to
influence, obstruct, or impede, the due admin-
istration of justice therein, such person or per-
sons so offending shall be liable to prosecution
therefor by indictment, and shall, on convic-
tion thereof, be punished by fine not exceed-
ing one thousand dollars, or by imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or by both, according
to the aggravation of the offence. And if any
person or persons shall attempt to influence
the action or decision of any grand or petit
juror upon any issue or matter pending before
such juror, or before the jury of which he is a
member, or pertaining to his or their duties,
by writing or sending to him any letter or let-
ters, or any communication in print or writing
in relation to sueh issue or matter, without the
order previously obtained of tbe court before
which the said juror is summoned, such per-
son or persons so offending shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable to
prosecution therefor by indictment or informa-
