1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2661
The question of ineligibility in the officers of
election was neither raised nor decided. It is
a case like Howard vs. Cooper, supra.
McFarland vs. Culpepper, a North Carolina
case, in 1807. The returns from the counties
of Richmond, Anson, and Montgomery were
rejected by the committee because the inspect-
ors and clerks were not sworn as the law
directed, and the parties were remitted back
to the people. The question of ineligibility in
the officers of election was neither raised nor
decided.
In Draper vs. Johnson, from Virgiuia, in
1832, the entire vote of the poll at the house
of Peter Gnavely, in the county of Wythe, was
rejected by the committee because T. J. Davis,
the deputy sheriff, was not sworn as the law
required. But the question of his ineligibility
as an officer of election was neither raised nor
decided. In all other particulars the election
was proven to have been regular, fair, and
equal. And there is nothing in the opinion of
the committee, bearing on the question under
consideration in the case in hearing but the fol-
lowing dictum, which is directly in conflict with
the doctrine sfReedfls. Julian. For example,
the committee said:
"As to the regularity of the appointment of the
officers, the committee are of the opinion that it is
sufficient that the oflKjers acted colore officii, and
that no other persons claimed the right."
It is perhaps unnecessary to pause to re-
mind the House that in the case now in hear-
ing the officers of the election in every pre-
cinct were appointed and sworn, and the boards
full.
Howard vs. Cooper came up from Michigan
in 1860. The law required three judges. There
were but two : and the question of the eligibil-
ity'- of officers was neither ra.ised nor decided.
This case has already been examined.
Blair vs. Barrett was from the city and
county of St. Louis, in Missouri, iu 1860. The
question of the eligibility of the officers of
election was neither raised nor decided. One
of the questions there was, that the judges of
election had not taken the oath prescribed by
law, and moreover were implicated in frauds
in conducting the election—an altogether differ-
ent question from the one in hearing. The poll
was rejected, and the committee said :
"Had it appeared from the evidence that the
election had been fairly conducted at those pre-
cincts, and there were no traces of fraud,no taint of
the ballot-box, the committee would not have been
willing to have recommended a rejection'of those
polls. The honest electors should not be disfran-
chised and their voice stilled from a mere omission
of the officers of election to take the oath of office;
hut where, as in the ease of the election district now
under consideration, gross frauds are made to ap-
pear, some of them of such a character as neces-
sarily to implicate the officers of election themselves;
where the whole ballot-box becomes so tainted as to
be wholly unreliable, and it is next to impossible to
ascertain what portion of the poll returned is an
honest vote; where one judge has been convicted by
a jury of a conspiracy to cheat, another can neither
read nor write, a third is so deaf as to be incompe-
tent from physical infirmity to act; where one
minifies in the fights of the crowd, encouraging
illegal voting, &c., it is believed the committee
could not do less than require of the sitting mem-
ber to prove that those officers have conlormed to
the law before the votes they had (undCTthose cir-
cumstances) returned should be counted.
Knox vs. Blair, in 1864, was also from^ St.
Louis, Missouri. The question of eligibility
of officers of election was neither raised nor
decided. The entice poll of the Abby precinct
was rejected by the committee upon the ground
that it was *o 11 tainted with fraud that the
truth cannot be deducible therefrom." And
the reasoning in Blair vs. Barrett was reviewed
and adopted. . .
Myers vs. Mofifet, was from Pennsylvania in
1869. In this case frauds and other abuses
were relied on. The entire poll in the sixth
division was rejected uponthe ground that the
voting was allowed to go on in the absence
of one or more of the members of the election
board. And no poll and no vote was rejected
on the ground of want of eligibility in any
officer of the election.
In Covode vs. Foster, from Pennsylvania, in
1870, the committee said:
" While it is well established that mere neglect to
perform directory requirements of the law, or per-
formance in a mistaken manner, whero there is no
had faith and no harm has accrued, will not justify
the rejection of an entire poll, it is equally settled
that where the proceedings areso tarnished by fraud-
ulent or negligent or improper conduct on the part
of the officers as that the result of the election is
rendered unreliable, the entire returns will be re-
jected."
Wherefore, upou the ground of such fraudu-
lent conduct of the officers of the eleetion, was
rejected Youngstown poll, in the county of
Westmoreland, and the Dunbar poll, in the
county of Payette. But the question of the
eligibility of the officers of the election was
neither raised nor decided.
So far as this branch of the subject is
involved the foregoing is a hasty, desultory,
but faithful review of the cases cited and
relied on in Reedcs. Julian. It need scarcely
be observed that they do not support the prop-
osition that ineligibility in one or more officers
of election vitiates the poll and justifies its
rejection. And it is safe, after having run the
gamut of these cases as reported, to affirm
that not a single case may be found, not even
in Reed vs. Julian, where a poll has been
rejected upon the sole ground of ineligibility
in one or more officers of the election board.
Such defect has often, as the eases show, been
complicated with fraud, which vitiates of itself;
and a failure to properly scrutinize the re-
ported cases and discriminate the questions and
points raised and decided not infrequently
involves a confusion of ideas.
I will encroach upon the attention of the
House to briefly consider the cases bearing
upon this question which have not been cited
by contestee. It will be seen that they put the
question at rest.
In the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, (Digest
Election Cases, 144,) from Pennsylvania, in
1866, it was held the returns of an election will
not be rejected because the judges and clerks
were not sworn by a person authorized bylaw to
administer the oath of office. The judges and
clerks by actually taking an oath in good faith
became public officers de facto for the purpose
of conducting the election, and their -acts are
valid.
Barnes vs. Adams, (Digest Election Cases,
760,) from Kentucky, May, 1870, is a case
directly in poinfc It was reported by the pres-
ent distinguished chairman of the Committee
of Elections, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
McCbary,] and affimred by the House. In
that case the contestant alleged that certain
acting officers of election were disqualified by
law and ineligible as such, and asked that the
polls be rejected. The committee and the
House overruled the point and sustained the
polls.
Conceding the appointment to have been
illegal and the incumbents ineligible as officers
of election, uit would notfoilow that the votes
cast at the election held by such officers
should be thrown away. They were officers
de facto, clothed with color of authority at
least." And the committee proceed;
" There is a principle of law which your commit-
tee believes to be well settled by judicial decisions
and most salutary in its operations, which is con-
clusive of this point as well as of several other points
in this case. It is this: that in order to give valid-
ity to the official acts of an officer of election, so far
as they affect third parties or the public, and in the
absence of fraud, it 'is only necessary that such offi-
cer shall have color of authority. It is sufficient to
be an officer de facto, and not a mere usurper, lhis
doctrine has been recognized and enforced by many
of the highest courts of this country."
In People vs. Cook, (4 Seldon, 67,) from
New York, as cited and relied on, the com-
mittee continue;
"The acts of public officers beins in by color of
an election or appointment are valid so far as the
public is concerned." * * * " A,11 cm-
cer de facto is one who comes into office by color ol
a legal appointment or election. His acts in that
capacity are as valid, so far as the public is con-
cerned, as the acts of an officer dejure.
The Pennsylvania case of Baird vs. Bank
(11 S. and B., 414) is also cited, where the
supreme court of that State lay down the doc-
trine that—
"The principle of colorable election holds not only
in regard to the right of electing but of being elected.
A person indisputably ineligible maybe an officer
de facto by color of election."
And again in the Illinois case of Pritchet
et al. vs. The People (1 Gilm.r 529) the court
say:
"It is a general principle of the law that minis-
terial acts of an officer de facto are valid and effectual
when they concern the public and the rights of third
persons, although it may appear that ho has no legal
or constitutional right to the office. The interests
of the community imperatively require the adoption
of such a rule."
So also in St. Louis County C©urtus. Sparks,
(10 Mo., 121) the same doctrine is reiterated
in the following terras:
"When the appointing power Jhas made an ap-
pointment,and a person is appointed who has not
the qualifications required by law, the appointment
is not therefore void. The person appointed is an
officer de facto; and his acts in the discharge of his
duty are valid and binding."
So also in the New York case of the People
vs. Cook (14 Barbour, 259) the language of
the court is:
"It becomes important in this caso to determine
whether the objections which are taken to the in-
spectors of election in the several eases presented
in the bill of exceptions are of that character which
should be held to invalidate the canvass in those
several localities. Those objections are of a twofold
character, extending to the regularity or lega&ty
of their appointment, and to their omission to qualify
by taking the proper oath of office." * * * *
"It is sufficient that they were inspectors de facto.
The rule is well settled by a long series of adjudica-
tions, both in England and in this country, that acts
done by those who are officers de facto are good and
valid as regards the public and third persons, who
have an interest in their acts, and the rule has been
applied to acts judicial as well as those ministerial
in their character. This doctrine has been held and
applied to almost every conceivable eaoe. It cannot
be profitable to enter into any extended discussion
of the cases. The principle has become elementary,
and the cases are almost endless in which the rule
has been applied."
And the able and learned report in Barnes
vs. Adams proceeds:
"It is worthy of remark that while some.of the
decisions of this House seem in conflict with the
doctrine of this report, that doctrine itself has never
been directly questioned. It may have been ig-
nored; but no report can be found in which it has
been denied in express terms, or even seriously
doubted. On the contrary, wherever this principle
is referred to at ail in any of the reports in cases
decided by this Houso it has been approved."
And the committee conclude upon this
branch of the subject with the following im-
pressive views:
"Your committee feel constrained to adhere to
the law as it exists, and is administered in all the
courts of the country, not only because of the very
groat authority by which it is supported, but for the
further reason as stated in the outset, that we be-
lieve the rule to be most wise and salutary. The
officers of election are chosen of necessity from
among all classes of the people; they are numbered
in every State by thousands ; tht>y are often men
unaccustomed to the formalities of legal proceedings.
Omissions and mistakes in the discharge of their
ministerial duties are almost inevitable. If this
House shall establish the doctrine that an election
is void because an officer thereof is not in all respects
duly qualified, or because the frame is not conducted
strictly according to law, notwithstanding it may
have been a fair and free election, the result will be
very many contests, and, what is worse, injustice
will be done in many cases. It will enable those
who are so disposed to seize upon mere technicality
in order to deteat the will of the majority."
It will be borne in tnind that in the ease in
hearing there is no allegation or imputation
of fraud or intentional wrong as to any officer
of election. And throughout this record of
voluminous testimony there is not one circum-
stance to authorize a suspicion of either.
In this case for the first time in the parlia-
mentary history of this House, the effect upon
the validity of "the polls of the ineligibility of
an officer of election is submitted and decided
upon its isolated and intrinsic merit. The
learning, ability, impartiality, and sound policy
displayed in the investigation and conclusion
of the committee entitle it to rank as a prece-
dent, which this high parliamentary court of
