1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1765
Mr. pARPENTER. Mr. President, I hare
110 desire to waste any time in the considera-
tion of this bill. If Senators are determined
to pass it I would as soon have it passed* at
one o'clock as at five o'clock, ora week hence.
I have therefore no desire to do anything more
than state the objection which seems to me to
be insuperable to the passage of this bill; and
1 desire to as"k the attention of the lawyers of
the Senate to a consideration of this question,
which seems to me to be an exceedingly im-
portant one.
I do not propose in this connection to enter
into any general consideration of the import-
ance of the Constitution of the United States
to our country or to the world; nor of the
importance of adhering to its provisions and
obeying its commands. I assume that all that
is understood, and that there is no difference
of opinion between us in regard to it. The
single question, therefore, is whether this bill
violates the provisions of the Constitution. If
it does, we are all bound by the solemnity of
our official oaths to vote against it.
There are provisions of the Constitution
which seem to be vital to the Federal system.
There are others which should be obeyed, be-
cause they are in the Constitution, and yet are
not so material and important to the working
of our complicated system of Government as
others. We ail know that the Union of the
States under the Constitution grew out of the
necessities of commerco more than any other
one thing. We were made up at that time of
thirteen States scattered along the Atlantic
coast with a large territory outside of all the
States, which would sooner or later be trans-
formed into States inland in the Union, and it
was known that if these States were permitted
to act as independent, sovereign nations, some
could levy such duties upon imported articles
as would subject all the other States of the
Union to servitude. It was therefore one of
the strongest inducements to the formation of
the Union, Mr. Webster, in the argument of
the celebrated case in the Supreme Court in
regard to the free navigation of the waters of
New York by steamboats, I think, states the
proposition that the interests of commerce
more than anything else induced the formation
of the Union and the adoption of the Federal
Constitution. It,was designed to make us one
nation as to all the purposes of trade and com-
merce ; and whether a citizen lived in Maine
or Massachusetts, or Pennsylvania, or Ohio, or
Indiana, or any other portion of the Union, he
should be on a footing with the citizens of the
most favored States in regard to all the regula-
tions of commerce.
Now, in the light of the political history of
that time, which demonstrates that this was the
motive of those who formed the Constitution,
let us see whether they accomplished that
end. In the first place, the States transferred
this power of levying duties on imports from
the States to the General Government. What
was the object in transferring it there? Sim-
ply that it might be exercised uniformly
through all the States. If it had been left to
the respective States, the tariff would have
been different upon the same article. This
would have resulted in building up trade in a
particular State at the expense of the people
of another State. The very object and pur-
pose of transferring this power to the General
Government was to secure a uniformity of
impost duties.
But the framers of the Constitution did not
content themselves with merely transferring
this power to the General Government. They
took care to regulate its exercise by the Gen-
eral Government. No subjectwas more care-
fully regulated and guarded in the Constitu-
tion than this fundamental principle, uniform-
ity throughout the United States of all duties
imposed upon imports.
Article one, section eight, provides:
"The Congress shall have power.to lay and col-
loot taxes, duties, imposts, and excises; to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States; but all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout
the united States."
That is the limitation on or the regulation
of the power in Congress. It was supposed
that, lodged in a single Government, it would
be more fairly exercised ; but the people did
not leave it to that hope; they secured that
end by express provisions of the Constitution.
Now, this language contains no ambiguity
There is no possible escape from its meaning.
It means that every section of this Union
shall pay the same duty upon every imported
article; and it cannot mean anything else;
for when it is declared that all duties shall be
uniform throughout the United States, no
other construction can be placed upon the
language.
Then it was desirable and thought necessary
to prevent, Congress from making any regula-
tions which should give preference to the ports
of one State over those of another, and clause
six of section nine of article one provides:
"No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another; nor shall vessels bound to or
from one State be obliged to enter, clear, or pay
duties in another."
The Constitution does not leave the matter
here, but in the second clause of the tenth
section of the first article it is provided:
"No State shall, without the consent of the Con
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or ex
ports, except what may be absolutely necessary for
executing its inspection laws."
Bear in mind, the matter is not left even
here.
"And the net produce of all duties and imposts
laid by any State on imports or exports shall be for
the use of the Treasury of the United States; and
all such laws shall be subject to the revision and
control of the Congress."
See, Mr. President, the safeguards with which
the framers of the Constitution surrounded this
power and the care with which they secured
this end, uniformity throughout the United
States. In the first place, taking the power
from the States, they lodged it in the General
Government, which it was believed would
speak one voice overall the States. Not will
ing to leave it there without additional safe
guards, they regulated the power in the hands
of Congress, and provided that Congress shall
never discriminate, but that all duties shall be
uniform throughout the United States. The
Constitution then forbids Congress to discrim-
inate between the ports of different States,
and then the Constitution denies to the States
the right to lay any duties whatever except for
the purpose of executing their inspection laws,
and even in that case the money received is
for the benefit of the United States, and is to be
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, the little examination
I have given to this subject has not developed
many decisions, perhaps there is no direct
decision of the judicial department upon it,
and there is very little discussion upon the
subject in the elementary writers ; and for the
manifest reason that it had been made so plain,
so clearly settled by the text of the Constitu-
tion, that there was nothing to discuss. It is
alluded to in the opinion of the Supreme Court
delivered by Chief Justice Marshall in the case
of Loughborough vs. Blake, 5 Wheaton, pages
318 and 319. There the court say:
"The eighth section of the first article gives to
Congress the ' power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises,' for tbe purposes thereinafter
mentioned. This grant is general, without limita-
tion as to place. It consequently extends to all
places over which the Government extends. If this
could bo doubted, the doubt is removed by the sub-
sequent words which modify the grant. These words
are, ' but all duties, imposts, and excises shall be
uniform throughout the United States.' It will not
be contended that the modification of the power
extends to places to which the power itself does not
extend. The power, then, to lay and collect duties,
imposts, and excises may be 'exercised, and must
be exercised throughout the United States. Does
this term designate the whole, or any particular I
portion of the American empire? Certainly this i
question can admit of but one answer. It is the
name given to our great Republic, which is com- !
posed of States and Territories. The District of
Columbia, or the territory west of the Missouri, is
not less within the United States, than Maryland or
Pennsylvania; and it is not less necessary, on the
principles of our Constitution, that uniformity in
the imposition of imposts, duties, and excises should
be observed m the one than in the other."
The Chief Justiee was not passing upon this
as a litigated question, but he lays down this
premise from which to reason in regard to the
particular case before the court, assuming this
to be so plain that it might safely be made the
basis of his reasoning in regard to the partic-
ular question before the court.
Now, then, Mr. President, with this Con-
stitution before us, with the history of that
time before us, knowing as we do, every-
one of us, that it was the intention and pur-
pose 'to prevent a discrimination in this re-
spcct in the different States and localities of
this Union, fortified by the opinion of Chief
Justice Marshall, which says these duties must
be uniform in every State, in every Territory,
in the District of Columbia, and wherever the
Government extends, I come to ask your atten-
tion to the precise language of this bill which
the mover of it, the Senator from Iowa, has
declared to be in his opinion entirely consti-
tutional. The second section reads as follows:
That there shall be allowed and paid, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported to be and actu-
ally used in buildings erected on the site of buildings
burned by said fire, a drawback of the import duties
paid on the same.
That section does not eveu furnish us a
decent disguise for violating the Constitution ;
it does not even attempt to whip the devil
around the stump by providing that if proof
shall be made to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that certain materials have been employed
for this purpose he may pay them so much
out of the Treasury ; but this bill meets the
Constitution fair in the face, and declares
that all building materials used in Chicago
shall have "a-drawback of the duties paid
thereon."
Now, Mr. President, when you drop words
and consider things, does not this section sub-
stantially provide that these articles imported
into and used in Chicago for one year shall
pay no duty? Does the Senator from Iowa,
so distinguished as a lawyer, as a judge, as a
statesman and a Senator, believe that this
artful dodge satisfies the Constitution ? Does
he believe that because you compel a man to
pay the money in with his right hand and
allow him to take it back with his left the
Constitution has been obeyed, and that Chi-
cago has paid uniform duties on these articles?
Why, Mr. President, it would seem impossible
for the most technical mind to reason itself
into such a conclusion ; but it is very certain
that the public mind, which is after all the
fairest interpreter of the Constitution, be-
cause the Constitution meant to steer clear
of technicalities and deal with the substance
of things—that great, broad, public intelli-
gence, the sound judgment of the country,
will certainly never sustain such a construc-
tion.
To test this a little, suppose I move, and I
think I shall at the proper time, this amend- .
ment:
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That all wool manu-
factured into cloth, and all hides manufactured into
leather in the State of Wisconsin, for one year after
the passage of this act, shall bo entitled to a draw-
back from the Treasury of the import duties paid on
the same.
If the-second section of this bill is con-
stitutional, this amendment is constitutional.
Then I should expcct the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, if in his place, to move:
Sue. 5. A./"I he it further enacted. That all wool
manufactured into cloth in the State of Massaehu-'
setts, and all machinery used in the manufacture of
cotton fabrics in the State of Massachusetts, shall-
have a drawback from the Treasury equal to tho«
duties on the same, for one year.
Then I expect the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to move that his State shall be exempt;
as to certain articles, and then I expect the'
