1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The first section provides that all and singu-
lar the powers conferred and duties enjoined
by existing laws upon the Secretary of the In-
terior relating to the imprisonment or dis-
charge of convicted offenders against the laws
of the United States, or to the reform school
and jail in the District of Columbia, shall be
transferred to the Attorney General of the
United Slates. The second, section provides
that the seal heretofore provided for the office
of the Attorney General shall be the seal of
the Department of Justice, with such change
in the device as the President of the United
States shall approve.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was to strike out in section one,
lines eight and nine, the words "Attorney
General of the United States," and insert the
words " Department of Justice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
second section to insert:
And all books, paper.?, documents, and records
in said Department of Justice may be copied and
certified under the seal, in the same manner as those
in the State Department may, and with the same
force and effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only rise to ask my
friend, the chairman, to explain what is trans-
ferred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Secretary of the j
Interior sent us a communication stating that \
most of the duties appertaining to the Interior j
Department connected with judicial matters j
had already been transferred to the Depart- j
ment of Justice, but that now, under the law j
creating the Department of Justice, the matter ;
of the imprisonment and discharge of con- j
victed offenders against the laws of the United j
States was still subject to his jurisdiction, and j
he thought that they ought to go together. |
Hence he recommended this change in regard ,
to those convicts, and also in reference to the j
jail and reform school in the District of Colum- i
bia. This bill transfers those duties from the |
Interior Department to the Department of |
Justice, because the Department of Justice
has jurisdiction of cognate subjects, and it
was thought advisable by the Secretary of the
Interior, (and we thought so, too,) that they
should be in the same Department. The other
provision of the bill relates to the seal and the
certifying of records.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
geological survey of nebraska.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a concurrent reso-
lution from the House_ of Representatives to
print one thousand copies of the official report
of the United States geological survey of
Nebraska, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and to recommend
its passage. Before the vote is taken I wish
to answer a question that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] put to me the other day,
and which I was then unable to answer.
Although the matter is not particularly in my
department, I think it is just that the question
should be answered. The Senator from Ohio
asked by what authority the report of the
geological survey of the fortieth parallel had
been printed, and I replied that I did not
know; that it did not come under the super-
vision of the committee of which I am a
member; but in the last Army appropriation
bill is this provision:
"And the Secretary of War is hereby authorised
to havo prepared and published the report of the
result of the exploring expedition anu survey 01 tne
lino of the fortieth parallel: Provided, lhat the
cost of the samo shall be defrayed out of existing
appropriations in the War Department: pro-
vided further, That the letter-press shall be <
3 done at
the Public Printing Offiec.''
Since this question was put to me I have
made some examination of that matter, ana
have made some inquiries of scientific men,
and I have no doubt this is one of the most
valuable, if not the most valuable, source of
information, as to the mining industry and
resources of this country that has ever been
published. A moderate edition is published,
and a very large part of that is to go abroad
in exchange for publications of other Govern-
ments of equal or greater value which are sent
to the Congressional Library. I think the
Secretary of War or the chief of engineers,
whoever had charge of it, was quite right in
thinking the work should be printed in a way
that would be a creditable specimen of Amer-
can typography; and although I speak quite
disinterestedly, as I had nothing to do with
any responsibility in the matter, I think the
work was well done, and the expense well
incurred.
The resolution was concurred in, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That there be
•printed and bound, with plates and map, one thou-
sand copies of the final report of the United States
geological survey of Nebraska; five hundred copies
of which shall be for the use of the Secretary of the
Interior, and five hundred copies for distribution by
the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. HITCHCOCK subsequently moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was concurred in; and the motion to recon-
sider was entered.
approaches to tiie capitol.
Mr. ANTHONY. While I am up, as there
have been so many personal explanations
made, I should like to know whose fault it is
that the approaches to the Capitol in inclem-
ent weather are kept in such a shameful and
dangerous condition. I do not know but that
my friend on my right [Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont] may say whose fault it is ?
If there is no money that can be constitu-
tionally appropriated to keep the approaches
to the Capitol in as good order as a man in
Providence would keep a respectable peanut-
stand, I am willing to contribute, or I am will-
ing to take rnyhand at the shovel; but all last
week during the inclement weather it was dan-
gerous to come to the Capitol. There was a
little narrow path wide enough for two or three
people to walk abreast, shoveled down the
steps, and that was covered with bare ice; and
on the north side the side.walk, the plankway,
and the brickway were given up entirely as a
coasting-ground, where the boys were coasting
in what may be called a positively constitu-
tional way; that is, without distinction of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. It
' was impossible for anybody to walk there. I
think that if there is no officer charged with
that duty, some officer should be charged with
it, and if there is no money applicable to the
purpose, I think the money should be appro-
priated. T , .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say one word in response to the Senator from
Rhode Island. I suppose that the architect
of the Capitol extension has charge of the
Capitol, but he has not been provided with
sufficient help to take care of all the approaches
to the Capitol in such a season as we have
had for the past week, when it has been freez-
ing weather every morning for about eight or
nine days—an unusual state of the weather
and it would be impossible with the force that
he is supplied with to clear off all the ice in
the several approaches to the Capitol, i
merely suggest to the Senator from Rhode
Island thatne wear India-rnbbers and he will
have no difficulty at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest fo ray
friend from Vermont, as ho is a good protec-
tionist, that human life is entitled to some
protection; and on the score of economy it is
cheaper to incur the certain expense of clear-
ing off the snow than to ran the danger ot
having to pay the funeral expenses ol Sen-
ators.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 604) to allow the Lake Ontario Shore
Railroad Company to lay their track upon the
pier at Oswego, New York ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 605) to establish a post route in Oregon;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PQMEROY, (by request, as he stated,)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 606) to pro-
vide for the appointment of a commission on
the subject of prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of intemperance; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
607) to establish the pay of the enlisted men
of the Army; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
american case before geneva commission.
Mr. WEST submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That there be printed thirty thousand copies
of t.he work prepared by_the State Department pre-
senting the case of the United States to the Geneva,
commission, under the Washington treaty, whereof
ten thousand copies shall be for the use of the Senate,
and twenty thousand copies for the use of the House
of Representatives.
counsel fees of senators.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be instructed to inquire whether
any United States Senator has received money
under color of counsel fees or otherwise from the
Treasury of the United States, in violation of law,
and to report the result of their inquiry as early as
practicable.
bridge across the mississippi.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (S. No.
547) to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Mississippi river at or near the
town of Clinton, in the State of Iowa, and
to establish it as a post road; which was re-
ceived informally and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
message fkoji the rouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1829) removing the political disabilities of L.
A. Sypert, Luke Trafton, A. J. Sisk, and John
Couch.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R No. 1076) establishing certain post roads
iu Vermont; and it received the signature of
the Vice President.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the ITni-
ted States, in response to a resolution of the
16th ultimo, calling for information concern-
ing the seizure and retention by force m Ven-
ezuela of the American steamers Hero, Dud-
ley Buck, Nutrias, and San Fernando, the
property of the Venezuelan Steam Transport-
ation Company, an American corporation;
which was referred to the Committee on for-
eign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
political disabilities. ^
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of legal
and political disabilities inyjosed by the th rd
section of the fourteenth acflSle of amendments
