3558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
ment; it guaranties to the company jts just
rights, but allows it to take nothing more.
No, Mr. President, this is not a visionary
scheme. This is not a scheme which is cum-
bersome and difficult to manage. The more
my friend from Nevada examines this matter,
if he will carefully study the various reports
that have been made upon the subject, if he
will carefully examine this bill, he will find
that there is not any ground for fear or appre-
hension that it is going to be cumbrousor an
overpowering monopoly, or anything of that
sort.
There is a provision in it, first, that this
company shall have a capital of $1,000,000
in shares of $100 each, and that capital is for
the purpose of making the necessary connec-
tions with the post offices in the country and
the various points from which telegraphic mes-
sages are to be sent. Then it has the power
to purchase existing telegraphic lines or to
construct them: but they are not allowed to
pay any exorbitant prices for them. They
are simply to pay such prices as shall be
agreed upon by men, two of whom are selected
from the party who has the disposition to sell,
two by this company, and the fifth by the four
already selected, and the price is to be such a
price as will be equitable, and all that transac-
tion is to be open to the inspection of the
Postmaster General, and he must approve of
it before the bargain can be made. Then
having acquired that amount of property,
new stock is issued to cover it. The stock
at all times represents exactly what the prop-
erty of the company has cost, and at no time
can pay more than ten per cent. The people
will reap all the advantages which may accrue,
therefore, from cheap telegraphing; and by
this means, as we believe, we can in three
years reduce the rates, not as they are reduced
in this bill, but reduce them to a much lower
figure.
But I repeat, I did not come here to-night to
say anything on this bill. 1 was drawn out by the
casual remark of my distinguished and good-
natured friend from Nevada, who seemed to
have come here with a very bad digestion
to-night, and to have had his bile aroused by
this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to hear read the
bill, which I am told has not been read,
although the amendment of the committee
has been, and also the report of the commit-
tee ; and in calling for the reading I will say
that I supposed, when I learned the honorable
chairman of the Committer on Post Offices and
Post Roads had asked for the setting apart of
an evening to consider the bills ot his commit-
tee, he had some business of an ordinary char-
acter to consider which he wanted disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) The Senator has a right to
call for the reading of the original bill, ana
the Secretary will proceed with the reading.
Mr. CONKLING. Before proceeding with
that I wish to complete the remark J was
making. I did not suppose, it never entered
my mind until to-day when a friend mentioned
to me a suspicion of this, that this bill was to
be called up, that a matter of this sort was to
be taken up without notice at an evening
session; an evening session agreed to with
the understanding, as the Globe will show,
that no business was to be taken up except
that coming from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads ; and we all under-
stand the meaning of that practically. It is
to bring here but a part of the Senate ; to
release, in the estimation of many, Senators
from all obligation to come. It did not occur
to me that at such a time a measure like this
was to be takert up for discussion with a view
to action. A remark made to me to-day by a
Senator who had some reason to suspect that
such a thing might be done, led me to look
for the calling up of this measure; and as it
is to be considered I infer the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads have no other
bill that they care about the fate of to-night.
Therefore I propose to proceed logically about
this matter, and I want to hear read the
original bill, which has not been read, and
also the report; and I have .some other mat-
ters which I shall read hereafter as part of
some remarks which I wish to make 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I have 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to the Senator from
New Jersey?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; but before I
lose my right to do so I wish to have the
original bill as it was recommitted to the com-
mittee read. I want the Senate to hear that
in connection with the substitute the com-
mittee have reported, and in connection with
the bill I want to hear the report read.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have a word
or two to say, which I will say now with the
consent of the Senator from New York.
I am not familiar with this subject. I think
it one of great interest, and I trust Senators
will give their attention to this bill. I believe
that all the people of this country ought to
have the benefit of telegraphic communication.
I believe that this Government ought to imi-
tate the example of the other Governments of
the world, and to see that they have that tele-
graphic communication at as low a rate as pos-
sible, and that it should be under the control,
measurably, of the Government. I certainly
am in favor of the feature of this bill which
tends to secure that result without having a
multitude of officeholders and without a large
outlay by the Government.
In reading this bill I have been struck with
one or two things which I think should be care-
fully considered. It would be a great misfor-
tune to the Government of the United Slates,
in attempting to accomplish this desirable
result, if we should inadvertently take a step
which would put us in a worse position than
we are now. One suggestion that has occurred
to me is this: there are in existence now
telegraph companies. There seems to be a
propriety of justice that they should have as
favorable a consideration on the part of the
Government as any new company that may be
created ; and I call the attention of Senators,
and especially of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to the
eleventh section of the bill.
The eleventh section of the bill provides
that the capital of the company shall be
$1,000,000, for expense of organization and
connection of its lines with the postal telegraph
offices. I do not see any provision in the bill
requiring a payment of cash to be made on
that slock. They are authorized to have a
capital of $1,000,000, without any requirement
that the cash shall be paid in for the stock.
I think the bill ought to contain such a pro
vision.
But this is not the most important point
as I observe in that section. It provides that
this company may purchase other companies.
How are ihey to pay those other companies?
They may pay those other companies in stock.
In addition to the million of stock which they
have issued, they may issue stock enough to
pay those companies. Now, suppose this new
company should purchase the existing com-
panies at the price at which they hold their
stock, which lias been said here to amount to
some thirty or forty millions.
Mr. POMEROY. Forty-one millions.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Forty-one mil-
lions. They have then a right to issue forty-
one millions of stock in addition to the one
million. Suppose they agree to pay them more
than forty-one millions. They are to have
the right to make ten per cent, on the capital
invested. The capital invested, as it is only
to be paid for in stock, may be a sum very
disproportionate to the value of the property
which they purchase. The Government by
authorizing this company to make this purchase
in this loose manner will put itself in a crippled
condition, so that it will not be able to reduce
the telegraphic rates for the benefit of the peo-
ple. That, it seems to me, unless it is ex-
plained, is a most serious difficulty in this bill.
This company may arrange with the other tel-
egraphic companies to purchase those com-
panies at such rate as they agree upon and
then issue stock for it, and the United States
Government is debarred from ever reducing
the rates of telegraphic communication below
the sum that will pay ten per cent, on that
whole amount of stock.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have the right to amend
this bill at any time.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But my friend
from Maine would never legislate i  that way.
He would never, when passing a hill, say we
have a right to pass it improperly because we
have a right to amend it hereafter. Now is
the time to amend it.
Now, in reference to the ideas thrown out
by the Senator from South Carolina, if I under-
stood him, an investment of a million or two
or three millions by the Western Union Tele-
graph Company has augmented and grown
until it has got to be some ten or twenty
millions, I do not know what. Does not that
show that the reduction which is proposed by
this bill on their rates is insufficient? If their
property is inherently worth only $10,000,000,
and they hold it and make a profit on it esti-
mating it at $40,000,000, is the reduction of
thirty-three per cent, enough in the present
arrangements?
I feel most friendly toward this company,
but the first duty that I feel in reference to this
whole subject is to secure for the people the
lowest possible rate of communication. I think
the eleventh section needs the careful considera-
tion of the committee to see thatthis company
does not put itself in the very place Qt' the
Western Union company, and we be in a worse
condition than we are now by reason of having
made this arrangement-
Mr. RAMSBY. Will the Senator read the
eleventh section ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSFN. I have read it.
That is the one I am speaking of.
Mr. RAMSEY. It reads:
The paid company may purchase any lines of
telegraph that are in operation in the United States
atthe date of the approval of this act,on such terms
as may be agreed upon; but no such contract shall
be valid or have any binding effect until approved
in writing by the Postmaster General.
The object is to keep them down to the actual
value of the property purchased.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The only check
upon it is the approval of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and then it is to be paid for not in cash.
Mr. RAMSEY. It may be paid in cash.
Mr. FRELINGHUXSEN. it is not required
to be paid in cash.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not absolutely.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It may be paid
for in stock, and it is expressly provided that
the purchaser shall be under no obligation to
see as to the distribution of the purchase-money
amongthestockholdersof the company bought.
I do not mean to say that that part of the bill
is not as perfect as it ought to be. My pur-
pose is to call the attention of the committee
to it, and to see whether this company ought
not to be required to pay in the cash for this
million of stock which is issued, aud whether
there ought not to be some provision limiting
the price that they are to pay for these other
companies, because we are purchasing them.
So far as the interests of the Government are
concerned, their purchase is our purchase.
They have got the right to tax the people of
this country to a sufficient amount to pay ten
per cent, on whatever they pay to those com-
panies.
Mr. SAWYER. Does not the second sec-
tion provide that the rates shall not be in ex-
cess of one cent per word for a circuit, which
is two hundred aud fifty miles?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I had remarked
