4454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
of the persons appointed for that purpose are
in terms restricted by the proviso I have read.
] Mr. ELD HEDGE. They are to guard and
Scrutinize the election.
, • Mr. GrARFtBLD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is in error.- The words''"guarded apd scru-
tinized" apply only to the form of applica-
tion, made to the judge.- But those words do
hot apply at all to. the powers of the persons
appointed. Their powers are defined and
limited by the strong language of the proviso
whiqh I have just read. They are thus made
mere witnesses of all the transactions of the
election.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield first to
my colleague, [Mr. Shellabargek.]
Mr. SHBLLABARGER, Let me suggest
to my colleague whether the, effect of this
amendment will not be to deprive these officers
of the power to challenge, and also of the power
to make the certificate which they how make
under the existing law. I call the attention
of my colleague to these words:
Shall have no powerorauthority to make arrests
or to perform other duties than to bo in the im-
mediate presenco of the officers holding the elec-
tion, &c.
It seems to me, and I suggest it as an ap-
prehension; that this strips these supervisors or
inspectors of the power both.of challenge and
also of indorsing the certificates of election.
Mr. 'GARFIELD, of Ohio. That may be
true ; but even if it be true, the presence of
these officers appointed by a judge acts as a
moral challenge.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand that they have
not the power to give certificates of election.
■ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should say
clearly not.
Mr. BROOKS. Nor have they any power
to, make any return.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Nothing of the
kind.
' Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a moment to ask for a
committee of conference upon the bill provid-
ing for the building of bridges across the Ohio,
which has been returned from the Senate with
amendments,
Mr. CONGER. I must object to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now to
my colleague, [Mr. Lamjson,] who desires to
ask me a question.
Mr. LAMISON. In the State of Ohio, as
my colleague knows, our voting precincts are
made up of towns and townships; in one part
of the State we call the voting precinct atown
and in another part a township. Now, I want
to know whether this amendment provides that
ten men in one of our voting precincts may
make application, or whether it must be ten 
men liyiug in the township or in some*larger
division.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
will see the answer to his question if he will
read the report.
Mr. LAMISON. I have not been able to
do so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If he will refer
to the second page, near the bottom he will
observe that the persous appointed must be
voters in the place where they are to act; they
are to be supervisors or witnesses of the elec-
tion taking place among their own neighbors ;
they are not to be strangers imported from
other parts of the State.
Mr. LAMISON. My question is, whether
these men must be appointed in the voting pre
cinct where the election is held?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They must. I
will also state that in regard to challenges,
referred to by my colleague, [Mr. Shella-
BargerJ there seems to be some misappre-
hension. These supervisors are citizens and
voters of each precinct., where they act as wit-
nesses, and in their character of citizens and
voters of course they will have the same right
of challenge as any other citizen, for their
acting in the capacity of supervisors will not
cut off their right as voters to make challenges.
Mr. LAMISON. I understand, then, that
these parties are to be appointed from the pre-
cinct in which the election is to be held.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. LAMISON. And by whom are they
to be appointed?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The circuit
judges appoint.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I desire to make
one or two inquiries in regard to some of the
other amendments of the Senate to this bill.
The attention of the House has been so entirely
concentrated on this subject we have lost sight
of many of the amendments which the Senate
put on the bill. I would like to inquire what
was the amount of money added by the Sen-,
ate and taken off by the committee of con-
fsrsncs ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will make a statement
upon that poiut for the information of the
House. When the Committee on Appropri
ations introduced this hill into the House it
appropriated $17,541,736 66. As it passed
the Ilouse it appropriated $19,210,105 86.
As it came from the Committee on Appropri-
ations of the Senate it appropriated ©20,141,-
607 52. As it came back to the House from
the .Senate it appropriated $20,167,447 52.
As it comes back from the committee of con-
ference it appropriates $19,028,583 52. In
other words, we have brought it within $370,-
000 of where it stood wlieu it left the House.
We have reduced it by nearly half a million
from the shape in which it left the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to cail the
attention of the House to a fact which is a very
important one. This matter of sundry civil
expenses is one of modern growth. A few
years ago this bill was a very small affair. It
has grown now to the proportions of $20,000,-
000 annually, and I wish to call the attention
of the House to two or three amendments
which have been put on to it by the Senate.
The amendment numbered 15J appropriated
$150,000 to be put into the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury to gather up cap-
tured and abandoned property, which 1 have
heard some members say was a job. The next
paragraph in the printed bill, which verifies
what I said a year or so ago when the gentle
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] got an
appropriation for a commissioner of fisheries,
appropriates $15,000 this year where only
$5,000 was originally appropriated to enable
tuis commissioner to plant shad in southern
waters and sometimes in northern waters;
thus turning over to a commissioner, here in
the city of Washington, all the waters of the
lakes and livers in the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
should be accurate in his statement; 1 think
it is $10,000, not $15,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I beg pardon of
the gentleman. " For the introduction of
shad into the waters of the Pacific States,
&c , $15,000." That added to the $5,000
makes $20,000. This little baby that the gen-
tleman it orn Massachusetts introduced a year
or two ago for the appointment of a commis-
sioner of fish, to ascertain and report the cause
of the decadence of fish, was given for one year
$5,000. And I understand that the commis-
sioner went to a place called Holmes's Hole,
or some other hole on the Atlantic coast,
[laughter,] and stayed there till frost came,
| never leaving it for three miles, with his clerk,
but staying there and watching the fish. That
has grown in one year from $5,000 to $20,000.
And this commissioner is now authorized, as
a lawyer out in my country sometimes used to
say, to " pee-rambulate!' all over the whole
country, [laughter,] and plant fish in all the
rivers ; and he is given $15,000 for that pur-
puse. Now, if the shad which he puts into
the southern waters do not agree with the fish
there, or if the salmon or the bull-heads that
he puts into the northern waters do not agree
with-our pike there, then there will be a con-,
flict of authority between the United States
fish and the State fish.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ We will have a con-
ference committee on it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to call atten-
tion to these things, and to say that whoever
is here five years hence will find a bureau
of fish ingrafted upon this Government 
Mr. MAYNARD. And this is a shad-ow
of what is to come.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. With twenty or
thirty clerks, a Government building erected
to accommodate tbem, and an appropriation
of from one to two hundred thousand dollars
a year to carry it on.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
any longer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want the gentle-
man, while he is about it, to put in his con-
ference report a commissioner on beef, and
another on pork, and another on mutton.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I resume the
floor, and do notyield any further. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has
called attention to two provisions in (his bill,
and I will say a word or two in reply. The
appropriation of $150,000 to which the gen-
tleman refers is recommended for a purpose
explained to the committee by the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Secretary of State.
It is in connection with the fact that money
belonging to the late confederate government
is still held in the banks of Canada and Eng-
land, and also important papers concerning
the confederate loan.
The matter of shad no doubt troubles the
gentleman so much because shad and all other
species of fish suggest to his mind the mul-
let tribe, and we all know it is his habit to
attack anything that relates to that name.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mullets and bull-
heads, both. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
of any one who can so feelingly speak of the
last class as the gentleman who has just ad-
dressed the House. [Laughter.] The amount
appropriated by the bill of last year, which
corresponds to this bill, was $7,000,000 larger
than this bill, not because of any especial vir-
tue of the committee this year over that of
last year, but because we have resisted the
putting on of at least four or five million dol-
lars that was pressed upon the committee to
be put on. 1 now yield to my colleague on
the committee of conference, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. KERR. Before my colleague [Mr.
Niblack] takes the floor I want to ask a
question in order to remove any doubt upon
the mind of any member of the House. 1 de-
sire to know ot the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations whether he understands
that there is anything in the language of this
amendment that touches the matter of qualifi-
cations of electors.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand,
on the contrary, that there is nothing that can
touch or change the qualifications of electors
now provided by law.
Mr. RITCHIE. In this connection, let me
put an inquiry. In the State of Maryland we
have had in operation for several years an act
requiring the registration of electors before the
election, and there is a provision for au an-
nual correction of the list. The judges of the
election have no discretion as to the qualifica-
tions of voters. They are controlled by the
registration list; in fact, they are merely re-
cording officers. Now, I ask the gentleman
what would be the relation of the supervisors
contemplated by this amendment to our regis-
tration and elections?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That of simply
standing by and seeing the work done, without
any other power than to witness it from begin-
ning to end.
