1766
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Senator from Vermont to come in to exempt
his State in regard to other articles; and if
one of these exemptions is constitutional all
are, and I defy any lawyer—I beg pardon; I
forget myself and think I am talking in a court
when I am discussing a question of law ; there
we do defy lawyers—but I invite, most defer-
entially, any Senator to draw a distinction
between the second section of this bill and the
amendments which I have suggested until there
shall be no uniformity in any two States in
regard to the imposts upon any article imported
into the United States.
Mr. President, I do not propose to spend
more than a moment in regard to the details
of tliis bill. I think the bill unjust. I think
if the nation is going to relieve the great
ca'amiiy in Chicago it ought to do it -by a
national act of grace, and not to transfer the
burden upon Wisconsin and Michigan. I
think if it is going to interfere, it should do so
to protect those who suffered from this fire.
This bill provides for the nabobs of Chicago,
for men who do not need aid, the men who, not-
withstanding the loss of sums by this fire, are
yet rich enough-to keep on their feet, hold
their land, and rebuild their buildings, because
if they are' not, they get no benefit whatever
from this act; but the comparatively poor
mau of Chicago, the merchant who rented
his store and sold imported goods and lost
everythinghe had in the world, gets no bene-
fit from this act. You do not provide that he
may import another stock of goods free of
duty, or, to use precisely the language of this
act, may have a drawback of duty upon a new
siock of goods; you do not provide that the
man who lived in a shanty on a lot in the
city and lost it, and is now utterly unable to
rebuild and is compelled to leave the city,
shall be relieved ; you make no provision for
him. No, Mr. President, this bill looks over
the heads of the poor, it is a bill based upon
the idea of a national charity overlooking the
men who need the charity, to pour into the
pockets of those who do not need your aid
the charity of the nation. Nor is it confined
to those who were in Chicago prior to the pas-
sage of the bill. Mr. William B. Astor may
go to morrow to Chicago and buy up the lot
of every poor man who was ruined by this
fire at just such figures as that man may be
compelled to take for it, and then Mr. Wil-
liam B. Astor, with millions at his command,
may rebuild palaces where shanties stood, and
he is to enjoy the benefit of this act. Is that
just? Is it a proper way to redress the great
calamity of this fire? Is that aiding those
who suffered by the fire?
But I shall not dwell- particularly upon
the lumber interest in our State which is sup-
posed to be so materially affected and aggrieved
by the passage of this bill, if it passes, on the,
ground gf sympathy. And here I desire to
speak without offense to any Senator ; I cer-1
taiuly do not mean to throw any ridicule uponi
sympathy, which is, beyond all question, thej
purest emotion that can spring from the heart;1
the whole world exhibited its sympathy and
poured in supplies when Chicago was in flames.
The State of Wisconsin did it. The State of
Michigan did it. Foreign nations did it.
Two continents rose up and made contributions
to meet the necessities of Chicago, and cer-
tainly I am not desirous of condemning sym-
pathy in the heart of a Senator; but if our
sympathy lilts us above our judgment and intel-
lect, ii our sympathy can stifle our consciences
in regard to the Constitution of the United
States, if our sympathy can induce the Senate
to pass a bill which provides that Chicago
shall pay no duty on imported articles for one
year, in defiance of the Constitution, which
says the duties on all imported articles shall
be uniform in every town, city, county, school
district, and place over which the Government
of the United States extends—if, Senators,
your sympathies can lift yon over all these dif-
ficulties, I cannot stay you by appealing to you
on behalf of my own constituents who suffered
more, measuring human suffering not counting
loss of money, than was suffered in Chicago,
and upon whom you now propose to lay the
duty of rebuilding Chicago. If I cannot stay
you with the Constitution, if I cannot protect
the people I have the honor to represent by
this compact of States, I will not attempt to
fence you in with pine lumber.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I should
think from the manner and tone of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] that
this was getting to be not so much a question
ot sympathy as a question of excitement. I
do not know that 1 can convince any one in
this Chamber, in reply to the able and elo-
quent argument of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, that this bill is unconstitutional; but I
can convince the Senate of one thing, if they
will listen to me, namely, that if it is not con-
stitutional the fathers and all those who ad-
ministered this Government from 1790 down
to 1866 were very poor lawyers and misunder-
stood. the Constitution. Whether they were
poor lawyers or misunderstood the Constitu-
tion, is not for me to say. One thing is very
certain: they differed widely with the Senator
from Wisconsin. I can show you, and I will
do it before I sit down, precedent after prece-
dent where the very principle was applied that
we a.sk you now to apply in the Chicago case.
If I cannot show that, I will not ask you to
pass the bill.
I do not claim to be a lawyer of sufficient
eminence and ability to carry -everything by
storm as I go. I have never attempted that;
but I do claim that wheal examine a question
and read the statutes relating to it, and read
the construction given, and the reports of dif-
ferent committees on the subject, I have at
least common sense enough to understand
what they mean. There is not one particle of
controversy between the Senator from Wiscon-
sin and me so far as the legal question is con-
cerned as applicable to the laying of duties.
But the Seuator, in my judgment, misappre-
hends the proper construction of the Consti-
tution, if he will allow me to say so to so emi-
nent a gentleman, in applying the same rule
to the refunding duties that he does to the
laying of duties. There is where the differ-
ence is, and there is where the construction
has been given to this section of the Constitu-
tion by ditferent Congresses and by different
statesmen. It is true that the Constitution
provides that—
•• TheCongress shall hafe powerto lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States; butallduties,imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
What does that mean? All duties shall be
laid uniformly throughout the United States.
Is not that the meaning ? It applies to duties;
and what are duties ? Duties are taxes laid by
the Government of the United States on the
importation of certain goods into this country.
*A duty is the amount you pay for the privilege^
of bringing foreign goods into this country.
Now, I would ask the Senator, when Congress
has laid a duty and that duty has been collected,
is not that a compliance with this provision of
the Constitution? Suppose you never under-
take to refund it, does not its collection com-
ply with the Constitution ? Certainly it does.
If, then, duties are uniformly laid upon arti-
cles imported into this country and paid, your
Constitution is complied with to the very
letter.
Now, what connection is there between the
refunding of money by the Government of the
United States to any individual and the laying
of duties? The Senator says the trouble is
that you refund the same duties ; you refund
the same amount to the person who paid it for
a certain purpose. " Now, suppose you appro-
priate out of the Treasury for a certain pur-
pose the same amount, is that constitutional?
I should like to know, if you can appropriate
money for a certain purpose, can you not
refund money that has been paid as duties for
the same purpose? Certainly it seems to me
that you can.
Mr. CARPENTER. If I do not annoy my
friend I should like to ask a question.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. If I do annoy him I
trust he will say so, for I do not want to inter-
rupt him. The precise difference between him
and myself on that point is this: I agree that
after duties have been collected under the
general law with no expectation or right to
demand a rebate or drawback, if Congress
should remit that amount of money to a par-
ticular individual it might be constitutional.
That is a wholly different thing, however, from
saying in advance that the people of one State
may for twelve years or one year import as
much of a particular article as they please and
be allowed a drawback on the same. In other
words, in one case the man has imported his
article without any such inducement; in the
other you have promised and bound the Gov-
ernment in advance to make that discrimina-
tion in favor of a State; and that is precisely
the thing which the Constitution says you shall
not do.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the Senator and
myself understand one another on this ques-
tion. We differ as a matter of course; but
now let us go to the authorities and see which
of us is sustained. I will put some cases to
the_ Senator. Suppose the Congress of the
United States should remit duties on a par-
ticular article for a particular purpose, is that
a violation of the Constitution? Suppose that
the duty on molasses is five cents per gallon ;
suppose that that duty is laid and collected ;
that is a uniform duty on all molasses ; but if
Congress provides in the same bill that if a
portion of that molasses is used for the purpose
of manufacturing New England rum then the
duty shall be refunded, is not that a parallel
case?
Mr. CARPENTER. It would be parallel
if your law read that all molasses manufac-
tured into New England rum in the State of
Massachusetts should be exempt. That would
be parallel; but in the case the Senator sup-
poses every man manufacturing molasses into
New England rum in every State of the Union
has the benefit of it. It is therefore uniform.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator, I presume,
understands me; at least I think I understand
myself. I understand the laying of uniform
duties to be the laying of duties on the same
article at the same value per gallon or per
pound or per yard or per anything else any-
where in the United States. Is not that so ?
Then, if you lay a duty on molasses of fivo
cents per gallon, and when a portion of that
molasses is put into a certain thing refund the
duty, I ask you if that is uniformity in laying
duties? And that is precisely what the United
States has done time and again, and I have
the statutes here to show, if any gentleman
disputes it, that at different times the duty on
molasses, on sugar, on different articles that
were employed in the making of New Eng-
land rum was refunded on every pound and
gallon that went into the composition of rum,
while on the residue it was not refunded!
Hence, the duty could not be uniform on mo-
lasses, accordingto the gentleman's argument,
because only on a portion of it was the duty
paid and on a portion it was refunded ; but
that was the statute.
Now, let me give you another instance. The
Government has time and again discriminated
in its duties. For instance, if certain articles
were imported into the United States and
were afterward exported through the port of
New Orleans when it belonged to the French,
the duties were refunded, but on the very same
articles exported anywhere else the duties
were not refunded. There is one instance.
That law was passed in 1791, authorizing mer- ,
chants who exported goods from the port of /
