1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. RITCHIE. Then they could not enter-
tain in any way the application of a voter who
had been rejected by the registering officer?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I take it that
they could not. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. Allow me to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether these overseers
of election will have the right to be present to
supervise and take charge of the registration ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They take
charge of nothing, except to see it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. By the former law the
Federal officers were to scrutinize and guard
the registration as well as the election.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. These officers
are to do nothing except what is set forth in
the provision here plainly made. I yield to
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Indiana. [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, the particu-
lar amendment under discussion with regard
to supervisors of election has been one of the
most stubborn causes of difference between
the two Houses that it has ever been my for-
tune personally to observe in connection with
a committee of conference. We have spent,
first aud last, some twelve or fifteen hours in
considering the amendments to this bill. The
greater portion of the discussion of any seri-
ous character has been directed to this partic-
ular amendment. For most of the time I
despaired of the committee being able to make
a report which would meet the views of a
majority of both Houses. From the first,
announced the proposition that I could sign
no report which recognized, in any degree,
the principle of Federal interference in State
elections. Faithful to that announcement,
and to my convictions upon this question, I
have felt it my duty to decline to sign the
report which has been submitted by my col-
leagues on the committee, and solely upon
the grounds of my objection to this particular
amendment.
The committee had no difficulty in coming
to an agreement upon all the other amend-
ments, some ninety-two in number. Many
of them were verbal and comparatively unim-
portant; others were important; but after a
discussion we had no difficulty in coming to
an agreement in regard to them; and the bill,
aside from this particular amendment, is, 1
think, to use a common expression, one of
the "cleanest" bills of this character that
has been reported for many years. While I
have not signed the report, and while I can-
not, on account of this particular amendment,
vote to adopt the report, and thereby make
the bill the law of the land, I feel it my duty
to make a few remarks to explain, so far as 1
may be able, the situation of affairs in regard
to it.
The proposition as it came from the Senate
has been very materially amended, as mem-
bers have ascertained from the reading of the
amendment itself, and from the discussion we
have had- in reference to it. Indeed, sir, the
proposition as now submitted in the report of
the committee of conference, is, in my view
a mere skeleton of that which came to us in
the first place from the Senate. I he power
of these supervisors is reduced to that of mere
official witnesses of elections, with no other
power than to make complaint before the
proper officers of the law if they think the
election laws have been violated; and any-
body else who happened to be present and see
the transaction could do the same. The only
power given to these men is to be present
during the entire election in their official
capacity, with the right to remain there even
without the consent of the local officers.
The bill also expressly forbids the appoint-
ment of any additional assistant or deputy
marshals, and generally is restrictive iu its
character as compared with the original prop-
osition of the Senate. And therefore, while I
cannot, for the reasons stated, vote to adopt
this report and thereby agree to be responsi-
ble in any respect for this provision, yet after
consulting with friends and opponents, espe-
cially with friends on this side of the House, and
after a full aud free discussion in the commit-
tee-room, in which this matter has been de-
bated in all its bearings, and. sometimes, I
must confess, with a great deal of ability, I
feel that for one I would not be justified in
any further factious opposition to this measure.
On the contrary, I think it my duty, whatever
others may think, to allow a vote to be taken
on the proposition, ay or no. If a majority
of the House are in favor of passing it, let
them do so ; if not, let it be defeated and the
question settled.
Looking to the ulterior consequences, sir, I
deem this to be the best policy. Franknessto
friends all round me impels me to make this
declaration. I think by allowing the bill to
be voted On we can save not only an extra
session, but the continuance of this one beyond
nine o'clock this evening. I _ submit these
remarks to make a record against this prop-
osition, leaving the responsibility to the ma-
jority.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will now
yield for three or four minutes to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, before I say
anything, I ask the Clerk to read the first and
second provisos to this amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be so
construed as to authorize the appointment of any
marshals or deputy marshals in addition to those
heretofore authorized by law : Andprovdcd further,
That the supervisors herein provided for shall have
no power or authority to make arrests, or to perform
other duties than to be in tbe immediate presence
of the officers holding the election and to witness
all their proceedings, including the counting of the
votes and the making of a return thereof.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
in reference to this bill that I look with com-
plete abhorrence on any attempt on the part of
the Federal Government to extend its control
or jurisdiction in any such way as this over the
conduct of elections in the States of this coun-
try. I think it is a most dangerous invasion
of the rightful powers and jurisdiction of the
States. Such a bill ought never to become
law. ' This was my opinion two years ago. It
was at that time the judgment of many gentle
men in this House then, of all on this side of
the House, and of some on the other side.
After a desperate contest then, in which there
was a full interchange of opinions and ample
discussion, a, law was enacted containing this
hateful principle of Federal interference. _ It
is now on the statute-book. This offensive
amendment is supplementary to that law. But
it is very much less revolutionary and danger-
ous in form and substance. It is, however,
still so objectionable and radically vicious in
principle and intent that no Democrat can
support it. . • j
I have never assented to it, and never intend
to assent to it. I abhor it now as then, it is
in the law by the act and power of tbe major-
ity of the Congress, and that same majority
still controls Congress, and now demands the
enactment of this obnoxious amendment.
Against its enactment we have now well nigh
exhausted our means of parliamentary opposi-
tion. Shall we struggle longer to prevent a
direct vote of the House upon it? Have we
not already done our duty in this opposition ?
It is now manifestly the determination of the
majority to extend the hateful principle of
Federal jurisdiction over elections in the
States. So far as this amendment goes, it is
very much less injurious and radical than the
original law. Yet it is worse than that in the
fact that it extends the interference to the
whole country, but in less effective and dan-
gerous forms and machinery. It multiplies
supervisors, but they are stripped of the most
dangerous powers, and left to act" as mere
lookers-on at elections for Congressmen:.
They cannot appoint special supervisors, or
make any arrests, or assume in any manner
to control, stop the progress of, or intermed-
dle in the conduct of the elections. But to
all the powers they do possess we forever
object as dangerous" and wrong. We hold
that the proper regulation, conduct, and con-
trol of all elections belong to the States, and
ought not to be interfered with by Congress.
But if Congress wants to exercise its constitu-
tional powers in such matters it should do so
by appropriate and decent laws, legally adapted
to the end in view and tested by the clear and
express language of the Constitution. Such a
purpose this amendment totally fails to sub-
serve. Yet, as I have said, this provision is
less reckless and dangerous than the ori-
ginal act. These additional supervisors, under
express language of this law, shall have no
power or authority—that is the language of
the section—shall have no power or authority
to do anything except to be in the immediate
presence of the election officers, and to wit-
ness their proceedings in the conduct of the
election, including the counting of the votes
and the making of the returns thereof.
Mr. BQTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to ask the gentleman a single question ?
Does he understand this extends this over
State elections as well as Federal elections?
Mr. KERR. I do not mean it extends it
over State elections. I desire to say this, that
while in terms it is not extended to State
elections, yet practically it will have more or
less effect in the conduct of State elections.
This is one of the objections to the section.
It is true in theory that State elections are
entirely exempted from the supervision of
these officers. But generally State and con-
gressional elections are held together, on the
same day, by the same officers, and under the
same rules and regulations in all respects.
Mr. GOODRICH. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question.
Mr. KERR. After I have finished my
sentence. Because in Indiana, and I take
that as an example, the State elections are
held for all State officers concurrently with
the congressional elections. So it is in many
other States. So far, therefore, as these super-
visors have any authority or power to be pres-
ent and to witness the conduct of any election)
they may be present and witness the conduct
of all elections, because they are all conducted
by the same Stafce-pfficers, at the same places,
and by the same machinery. The ballot which
contains the vote for a congressman contains
also the vote for a Governor* or State officer
or sheriff of a county, or any other officer who
may be elected at the same time.
Mr. GOODRICH. I will now ask the gen-
tleman  , ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield two or
three minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. KERR. I should like to hear the
question of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Goodrich.]
Mr. GOODRICH. My question is, whether
the present amendment does not clearly retain
to the supervisor appointed by the General
(rovernmentj through the instrumentality ot
the courts, the duty and the right to make a
return or certificate of election contrary to
and in opposition to the State officer?
Mr. KERR. Under the language of that
amendment I think it is perfectly clear, as a
question of law, that these two supervising
witnesses will have neither right nor authority
to sign, or to' superintend, or in any way to
modify or to change the return of the elec-
tion. They may merely stand by and see how
it is conducted.
Mr. GOODRICH. Now I desire to have
that proviso read to the House. ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
