THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
further. I .yield now to the gentleman from
New Y©rfe, {Mr. Potter.] ,
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman, from
Ohio [Mr. .Garfield] will allow the proviso
44. he again,read. , ,
>Mr.'- GARFIELD,. of Ohio. Very. well.
The Olerk read as follows:
And- provided farther, That the supervisors herein
provided for-shall have no power or authority to
make arrests, or to perform o.ther duties than to be in
tho raimediate presence "of the officers holding the
efcecdon, and to witness all thfeir proceedings, in-
citing the* counting of the votes andthe making of
a return thereof.
; Mr. (jQODRICH. Thatisit; "and to make
return."
. Mr., GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no. That
is not it. [Laughter.] They only witness the
making of the return.
. Mr. GOODRICH. Let it be read again.
. Ilr, RANDALL. I hope the proviso will
be read again. The language used is very
essential.
The proviso was again read.
Mr. RAND ALL. "The making a return
thereof."
Mr. GOODRICH. That is it.
. Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield
three minutes to the gentleman from New
York,. [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I regard the act to which
the amendment under consideration relates as
unconstitutional, and the amendment itself as
Oj>en, though in perhaps a less degree, to the
same objection. I further regard legislation
of the kind as not only unconstitutional, but
as most dangero*s and uncalled for. But,
beyond this, I object to this particular amend-
ment, not only because of its character in these
respects, but, because of the outrageous man-
ner in which it was forced by the Senate upon
the sundry civil appropriation bill, and because
of the dangerous uses to which I fear the
authority to be conferred by it may be put.
I desire, however, now, sir, only to say that
after the resistance which has been made, and
the conferences which have been had, and the
modification, of the amendment which has
ensued, I do not myself feel justified in resort-
ing further to dilatory motions to prevent the
Blouse coming to a vote upon this bill. I shall
therefore, for myself, submit to a vote being
had upon it. At the same time, I shall take
occasion to record myself, as I am, most
heartily against it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for two or three minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think 1 can-
not yield farther.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Gentlemen who have
not surrendered their opposition on this ques-
tion have not yet had an opportunity to speak.
None of us have had that opportunity who
feel that we cannot surrender our opposition
as long as we have the power to resist this
measure. 1 ask the gentleman to yield to ine
for two or three minutes.
, Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Gentlemen all
around me insist that I shall call the previous
question. I cannot yield further.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House take
a recess until eight o'clock. This is the most
fatal measure.ever brought into this Congress.
Mr. HALDEMAN. We are not going to
yield.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It is an unconstitutional
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is most infamous in its
character. I ask the yeas aud nays on my
motion to take a recess.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes seventeen.
Mr. HOLMAN. Count the other side.
The SPEAKER. More than sixty-eight
gentlemen have risen. A sufficient number
have not voted affirmatively to order the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The Chair has not
counted the other side. . , , .
. The SPEAKE R. The Chair will not count.
The Chair has decided that more than sixty-
eight have risen. • ■
' Mr. HQLMiAN. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes seven-
teen ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. HOLMAN. I mone that the House do
now adjourn.
. The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain the motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Chair has the power
to decide the question.
The SPEAKER. Does the geutleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; it Would be use-
less for me to appeal.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman,
upon his responsibility as an old member of
the House, state that the Chair is wrong?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not argue the ques-
tion with the Chair. The Chair has the
power to decide the question and his decision
is final.
. Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the House
take a recess uutil seven o'clock.
The question was put, and twenty-one mem-
bers voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The question was put on ordering the yeas
and nays, and only twenty members voted in
the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered; and
Mr. Eluredge's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House proceed to take an immediate vote
without dilatory motions upon agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he add to his motion that the vote be
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will modify
my motion so that the vote shall be taken by
yeas and nays.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays 011 the motion to suspend the rules.
The question was put 011 ordering the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules,
and only seventeen members voted therefor.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for tellers ou the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, to suspend the rules; aud
there were—ayes 122, noes 23.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I now surrender to the
dishonorable surrender that has been made
for us.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe we are only
responsible to our constituents and not to
gentlemen here.
Mr. BECK. I believe some of the gentle-
men here are. as honorable as the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
The SPEAKER. The House has directed
that it now vote by yeas aud nays upon this
question. Will the House agree to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses to the amendments
of the Senate to the sundry civil appropriation
bill?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays 011 that question.
The SPEAKER. They have beeu already
ordered. Does the gentleman desire to have
them ordered once more ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We ordered
them once against the gentleman's will.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 79, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Barehard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick B.Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Croeker, Darrall, I)awes, De Large. Don-
nan, Duell, Dunnell, Barnes. Elliott. Einkelnburf?,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Poster, Prye, (Jarfield,
Goodrich, llalsey, Harmer,George Ij. Harris, Havens,
Hawfey, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazetton, John W.
Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Keiley, Kellogg,
Ketcham, KilUnger, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, Mc-
tlrew, McJunkm, McKce, Mcrour, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer, Palmer,Peck,
Pendleton, Perco, Aaron P. Perry, Peters. Piatt,
Poland, Pripdle, Bainey, Ellis E. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon. Sliellabarger,
H; Boardman 'Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Strong, Sypher,
TaiTe, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twicbell, Tyner, Wakemaii, Walden, Wallace,
Walls, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Archer, Arthur, Beck,
Bell, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo,
Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Dox, Du Bose, Duke,
lildredge, Farnsworth, Forker. Henry D. Poster,
Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John
T. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,. Kendall,
ICerr, .King, Lamison. Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, MeCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Neely, Merrick, Morgan, Niblack. Potter, Price,
Randall, Read. Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William It. Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Slocutn, Sloss, Stevens, Storm,
Swann, Terry, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York; Winchester, and
Young—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Bar-
fium, Barty, Austin Blair, Boles, Clarke, Cox,
Crebs.Creely, Davis, Dickey, Ely, Farwell, Griffith,
Hale, Herndon, Hooper, Kinsella, Lamport, Leach,
Lynch, McCrary, McKinnoy, Benjamin F. Meyer?,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Negley, Orr,
HoseaW. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Eli Perry,
Porter, Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent,
Scotield, S6cley, Shoemaker, Worthington C.Smith,
Snapp, R. Milton Speor, Thomas J. Speer,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Dvvight
Townsend, Tuthiil. Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waldron, Wheeler, and Wood—59.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky. My colleague,
Mr. Adams, is detained from the House by
sickness. Jf present he would vote "110."
Mr. FARWELL. I am paired on this ques-
tion with Mr, Mitchell, of Wisconsin. I f he
were present he would vote "no," and I should
vote "'ay."
Mr. NEGLEY. I am paired on, this ques-
tion with Mr. Wood, of New York. If here
he would vote "no," and my vote would be
" ay."
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I am paired ou
this question with Mr. Van Trump, of Ohio,
if here he would vote "no," and I should
vote "ay."
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I am paired
with Mr. Hibbahd, of New Hampshire. He
would vote "no," and 1 should vote "ay."
Mr. McNEELY. My colleague, Mr. Rob-
inson, is paired with my other colleague, Mr.
Moore. He would vote "no," and Mr. Moore
would vote " aye." My colleague, Mr. Ckebs,
is paired with Mr. Dickey, of Pennsylvania.
He would vote " no," and Mr. Dickey would
vote "ay."
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague, Mr. Voor-
hees, is paired on this question with Mr.
Stougaton, of Michigan. If here he would
vote "no," and Mr. Stoughton would vote
" ay."
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I am paired on this
question with my colleague, Mr. Waldron.
If here he would vote "ay," and I would
vote " no."
Mr. PERCE. I desire to state that Mr.
Barry, my colleague, is detained from the
House by severe illness. If here he would
vote " ay."
Mr. MOREY. On this final vote I am
paired with Mr. Herndon, of Texas. Where
he here he would vote "no," and I would
vote "ay."
Mr. LAMPORT. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Tuthill. If he were here I
would vote " ay."
