820
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the trustees of the Ottawa University under
authority of the twtieth [twentieth] article of
the treaty of July [February] twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, between the
United States and the Senecas, mixed Senecas,
Shawnees, and other Indians, or m any other
manner; together, also, with the section of
land reserved under the provisions of said
article of the treaty aforesaid for the location
of a school and the appurtenances thereto
appertaining; also, of all bonds, notes, mort-
gages, moneys, credits, assets, and other prop-
erty arising from sales heretofore made of
lands mentioned in the said sixth article of
said treaty or from sale of lands purchased by
the trustees provided for therein, or from any
other source, and the said lands, premises,
appurtenances, bond-', notes, mortgages, cred-
its, and assets, and other property aforesaid
shall be inventoried and appraised by three
commissioners, who shall be appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior. After the inventory
and appraisment of said lands, premises, ap-
purtenances, bonds, notes, mortgages, moneys,
credits, assets, and other property aforesaid
as herein provided, the Secretary of the In-
terior shall be, and hereby is, authorized and
required forthwith to take possession for the
United States, advertise and sell the same
upon such terms and conditions as he may
prescribe: Provided, however, That such ad-
vertisement shall be inserted once in each week
for four weeks successively, in a newspaper
published and having general circulation in
Franklin county, Kansas, and for the same
Jength of time in the State paper of Kansas,
published at the city of Topeka, State of
Kansas: And provided further, That no bid
shall be accepted which may be less than the
appraised value of such premises and other
property : And provided f m liter, That said
bonds, notes, mortgages, credits, personal
property, and assets shall be sold in separate
parcels, and the lands shall be sold in parcels
of not more than one hundred and sixty acres
each ; and no purchaser shall be permitted to
purchase more than one quarter section thereof.
Upon the payment of the purchase-money of
said lands upon the terms and conditions
aforesaid, the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause to be issued to the purchaser or pur-
chasers patents for the same. Such lands and
the whole thereof shall be subject, to taxation as
Other lands in the State of Kansas are taxable,
notwithstanding any provisions of law heieto-
fore existing. The said commissioners are
authorized to examine, under oath, any person
or persons touching the property, credits, or
assets hereinbefore mentioned, ami to compel
the production of such books, or other testi-
mony as may pertain to the same; and for
this purpose they are, and each of them is,
hereby empowered to administer all necessary
oaths, and the trustees acting under said sixth
article of said treaty are hereby required upon
demand, to account to said commissioners for
all moneys, property, ehoses in action or assess,
of any description that may be now, or at any
time heretofore has been in their possession
or or under their control, and the trust created
by virtue of said article is hereby discharged,
vacated, and declared at an end; but nothing
herein contained shall be so const lued as to
relieve the said trustees, or any of them, from
any liability incurred in the management or
disposition of said property or any part
thereof. The proceeds o! such sales shall be
paid to the several members of the said tribe,
their heirs or assigns, per capita; and in ease any
of the members of said tribe are minors, then
such sums of mony as are due 01 coming :.o
them from such proceeds shall be paid to the
guardian of such minors appointed under the
laws of the State of Kansas. The commis-
sioners to be appointed under the provisions
of this act shall receive compensation for their
services at the rate of five dollars for each day
actually engaged in the duties herein desig-
nated, in addition to the amount paid by them
for actual travel and other necessary expenses,
and the said sums and expenses shall be paid
out of the funds arising from the sales of the
property herein provided to be disposed of.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXX1.—An Act to authorize the
President of the United States to appoint
one or more Commissioners to represent the
Government of the United States at the
International Exposition of Agriculture,
Industry, and Fine Arts, to be held at Vienna
in eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of
the United States be, and he hereby is, author-
ized. by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint one or more agents to
represent the Government of the United States
at the international exposition of agriculture,
industry, and fine arts, to be held at Vienna
in eighteen hundred and seventy-three : Pro-
vided, That such appointments shall not im-
pose on this Government any liability for the
expense which they may occasion.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXXH.—An Act confirming and
extending a Patent-Right to Levi W. Pond
and Eau Claire Lumber Company.
Be it enacted l/ythe Senate and Mouse of Hep-
resentattves of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the rights described
in the letters-patent granted on the fourth day
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
to Levi W. Pond and Eau Claire Lumber
Company, of the county of Eau Claire, and
State of Wisconsin, and citizens of the United
States, to an invention therein described and
referred to, be gianted, confirmed, and ex-
tended to the said Levi W, Pond and Eau
Claire Lumber Company, their heirs and
assigns, for the full term of seventeen years
from the first, day of June, eighteen hundred
and seventy, notwithstanding that said inven-
tion may have been to some extent possessed
and enjoyed by the public prior to the date of
the application for said letters-patent, which
was filed on the twenty-third day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty eight., said inven-
tion so granted and confirmed being described
in said letters and application as an "im-
proved device for sheering booms—letters-
patent number eighty thousand six hundred
and sixty-liiree, dated August fourth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight—Levi VV. Pond, of
Eau Claire, Wisconsin, assignor to himself
and Eau Claire Lumber Company, of same
place:" Provided, That all rights and privi-
leges heretofore sold and granted by said
patentees to make, construct, use, or vend the
said invention, and not forfeited by the pur-
chasers or grantees, shall mure to, and be en-
joyed by, such purchasers or grantees respect-
ively as fully and upon the same conditions,
during the period hereby granted, as for the
term that did exist when such sale or grant
was made.
Sec. 2. That any person who had, more
than two years prior to the date of the appli-
cation for said letteis-patent, bona fide erected
or constructed any such machine or structure
for the purpose of putting said invention into
use in any of its modifications, shall have and
enjoy the right of using said invention in any
such specific machine or structure so actually
elected more than two yeais prior to the date
of said application for said letters-patent as
aforesaid, in all respects as though this act
had not been passed: Provided, however, That
no person without, grant or license from said
patentees, or their assigns, shali have or enjoy
by virtue of this act any other or greater
privileges or rights than he would have o!
enjoy if this act had not linen passed.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXX1II.—An Act to provide for
the ereciion of a Building suitable for the
use of the United States Courts, Post office,
and other necessary Government Offices, at
Raleigh, North Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of liep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of die
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be erected a suitable build-
ing with a fire-proof vault extending to each
story,at Raleigh,in theState of North Carolina,
for the use and accommodation of the courts
of the United States, post office, and oilier
offices of the Government. And for such
purpose there is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, one hundred thousand dollars, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that the
whole expenditure for the erection and com-
pletion oi the said building shall not exceed
the sum hereby appropriated.
Approved, June 18, 1872.
Chap. CDXXX1V.—An Act amendatory of
an Act approved March second, eighteen
hundied and sixty-seven, entitled ''An Ac*
amendatory of 'An Act to pro/ide a tempo-
rary Government for the Territory of Mon-
tana.' approved May twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the Untied Glides of America in
Congress assembled, That the first section of
an act approved March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, entitled "An act. amend-
atory of 'An act. to provide a temporal)'
government for the Territory of Montana.' ap-
proved May t'venty sixih, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four," so far as relates l o incorpora-
tions which have been, or which may herei.fier
be, created and organized for ihe business of
mining, manufacturing, or other industrial
pursuits, on the cons'i'uct'on or operation of
railroads, wiigon-roads, inigating ditches, and
the colonization and improvement of lands m
connection therewith, or for colleges, semin-
aries, churches, libraries, or any benevolent,
charitable or scientific association, and for all
rightful subjects of legislation consistent. wi*h
the Constru'ion of the United States, under
the general incorporation laws of any Terri-
tory of the United Stales, shall be constmed
as having authorized and as authorizing the
Legislative Assemblies of the Territories o1'
the United States, by general incorporation
acts, to permit persons to associate together
as bodies-corporate for purposes above named.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chai\ CDXXXV.—An Act to reimburse the
State of Nevada for Kxpenses incurred
while a Teiritory in purchase of a Prhou
and in support of United States Coui's.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofl'ep-
resen'auves of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Seceiary ot the
Treasury be, and he is here1))', iiu'honz"d and
directed to pay. out of any funds in the Treas-
ury not utliei wise appropriated, th" -mnof
sixty thousand doNais, to be reeei \ < d in lull
paymeut of all claims against i!ie t'n'ied
States for expenses incurred by said Teuituiy
of Nevada.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
