1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
the Congress of the United States by an act
, approved July 7, 1888. I will read it:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
./hereby, directed to refund to the New Castle"—
/ I perceive that I am reading the wrong stat-
f | ute ; but inasmuch as I have turned to this one
1 will read it now, as it bears on the case. I
said that Congress passed a general statute
relative to railroad iron, which is true, and I
will turn to it in a moment; but I read this
statute for the purpose of showing that the
principle we ask in reference to Chicago has
been applied to railroads in this country iu
1838. Let me read it:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, directed to refund to the New Castle and
Erenchtown Turnpike and Railroad Company"—
Designating a particular company, particu-
lar parties—
"the duties paid by them to the collector of the
customs for the port of Wilmington, in the State of
Delaware, upon two several importations of spikes,
clamps, and bolts, or other fastenings for the rails
upon the railroad of the said company, the one made
on the 12th day of October, 1830, in the ship Kutuzoff,
and the other on the 27th day of February, 1837, in
the ship Igaac Hicks, the duties to be refunded upon
both importations, to t.he sum of $2,003 83: Provided,
lhat the said company shall first prove to the satis-
faction of the said Secretary that the said duties
were properly chargeable to and paid by the said
company, and were not covered by their contract
with their agents."
There is a statute .applying to a particular
railroad company. Why is it that they ap-
plied it to spikes, clamps, &c.? I will state.
In another statute that I cannot just now turn
to, but which I will read before 1 am through,
if it is desired, the Congress of the United
States agreed to refund the duties on railroad
iron after being laid down, without being ap-
plicable to any particulai-road ; and it stood
until 1836 as the general law in this country ;
but there was dispute as to the construction,
of it. The company claimed that it meant
spikes, &e., and the Secretary of the Treasury
denied it and would not refund the duties on
them. Congress then passed a special act in
reference to this railroad requiring the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund the duties on
spikes, on clamps, and on everything that wa3
required for the purpose of fastening the rails
on that road.
There are three instances I have given in
'which Congress has legislated on precisely
this principle. But let me go furthe'r; I will
'give you many more, and I will show the Sen-
ate a few_ statutes thatstand to-day unrepealed,
that if this law is unconstitutional will require
the action of Congress in order to repeal cer-
tain statutes that do to-day precisely what we
are asking you to do, and those constructions
hove been given after long debate in Congress.
I refer the Senator from Wisconsin to the
debate on the refunding of the duties on salt
used for the purpose of drying fish—a debate
that took place between the Senators from
Massachusetts and Senator Benton in 1882, in
which debate reference was made to a report
made by Thomas Jefferson in 1791. Inas-
much as I am on that point I will state now
how this occurred. When Thomas Jefferson
was Secretary of State a question arose on a
petition presented from the general court of
.Massachusetts^ to the Congress of the Uni-
ted .States asking for fishing bounties, asking
tor the refunding of the duties on rope, on
tackle, on everything that entered into the
fisheries, and asking that it apply to vessels of
certain dimensions. This petition was referred
by the House of Eepresentatives of the United
States to the Secretary of State, Thomas Jef-
ferson, and he made the report which I hold
m my hand. It is long, and I shall not read
it. 1 will simply say that in this report he
went through the whole question, took up the
history of the colonies, the history of fishing,
fc6 ?!story rebates, the history of duties,
the history of everything in connection with
the question ; and 1 will read one sentence of
his report to show what his views were. j
This was on the question of fishing bounties.
In the debate to which I allude, some of the
Senators maintained that giving bounties for
fishing was unconstitutional; but no Senator
maintained that the refunding or remitting of
duties was unconstitutional. It was main-
tained by some that granting bounties was un-
constitutional. Why ? Because the bounties
were not always equal to the duties that were
paid. Sometimes the duties being reduced
and the bounties remaining the same, the
bounties would be more than the duties ; and
hence it was maintained that that was appro-
priating money from the Treasury for that pur-
pose, and so was unconstitutional; but no man
maintained^ that the remission of duties was
unconstitutional. And for what purpose were
the duties on salt to be refunded ? For use in
drying cod-fish. It was not applicable to the
whole country.^ It was not applicable to the
valley of the Mississippi; we have no cod-fish.
It was not applicable anywhere except on the
Atlantic coast; it applies only to the people
engaged in fishing, who employed probably
from three to five hundred fishing-smacks.
Those who sustained the bounties argued
that they were necessary for the purpose of
fostering a nursery for seamen. That was one
argument. Another argument was that our
people were imposed on because foreigners
could import fish cheaper than we could sell
them, unless there should be a rebate of the
duties on the salt used in drying them. Others
argued it from different stand-points. Mr.
Jefferson solved the whole question in this
way:
*t,"Thi®,^ings„u,s, +o the question, what relief does
the condition of this fishery require ?"
Then he answers;
- -A. remission of duties on the articles used for
-•their calling."
That was Mr. Jefferson's answer. Mr. Jef-
ferson was for remitting the duties on the
articles employed by them in fishing, and on
that the debate sprang up, and on that the
question was decided. That same thing has
remained off and on ever since, sometimes
discussed and changed, but the same theory
has gone through from 1791 to the present
day.
In 1839, in a discussion on this very ques-
tion in the Senate of the United States, this
report of Mr. Jefferson was referred to, and
I will read a portion of that debate to show
the manner in which it was understood then.
Mr. Benton said:
"The foreign fisheries have declined; ours have
nourished. '
He goes on and speaks of them, quoting
from this report of Mr. Jefferson, as follows:
" Of the disadvantages which depend on others
are—
Tho loss of the Mediterranean markets.
Exclusions from the markets of some of our
neighbors.
;;3. Iligh duties in those of others; and
■ i* -bounties to the individuals in competition
with us." * * * * * *
.This brings us to the question, what relief does
the condition of this fishery require?"
And the answer is :
'\1. A remission of duties on ihe articles used in
their calling.
;; 2. A retaliating duty on the foreign article.
o. Jbree markets abroad."
Mr. Benton, in this same debate, speaking
of this memorial from Massachusetts, said:
"The memorial from the General Court of Massa- '■
cfcmsetts, presented at the first session of the First
Congress unde^ the present Constitution, prayed for
aid m four different ways to the fisheries:
the fishermen^01* ^u^es 011 ^*e articles used by
"2. A monopoly of the home market by prohibit-
ory duties on foreign fish.
markets abroad by amicable nego-
hations with foreign Powers in favor of American
"4. Premiums and bounties in imitation of the
system of England, France, and Holland."
What does Mr, Benton say ef those four
propositions? •
"Of these four varieties of aid the Government I
granted the first three, and denied the fourth. The i
Constitution was victorious in that movement
against it, and the Constitution is the same now that
it was then."
In that debate, when the question of consti-
tutionality arose on these four propositions, Mr.
Benton maintained that the Constitution was
victorious when Congress agreed to refund the
duties according to the report of Mr. Jefferson.
Sir, after an examination of this question from
the beginning of the Government to the present
day, I defy any Senator whose opposition to
this bill is based upon constitutional grounds
to show me that any man of eminence in this
Senate Chamber ever maintained for one mo-
ment the unconstitutionality of refunding the
duties upon any particular article, in any par-
ticular place, or for any particular reason.
They always maintained that Congress had
that power. It was not according to the con-
struction given for the laying of imposts or for
the laying of duties, but very different.
I desire to read now a few of the statutes,
because I wish to hurry on, and prefer pre-
senting the precedents for this bill rather
than to undertake to argue it myself. My
reputation as a lawyer, I know, is not suffi-
cient to satisfy the Senate, when I say a thing
is constitutional or unconstitutional, that tiey
should take it for granted. Such things hsve
occurred. But, sir, I contend that the con-
struction that^has been given from the com-
mencement of our Republic down to the pres-
ent day, by statute after statute on this sub-
ject, is a better lawyer than I am or than «,ny
other^ Senator present. The uniform con-
struction of the Constitution from 1790 to ihe
present day is the establishment of that cun-
struction, and no man can gainsay it. I pro-
pose to lead several of the individual cases in
which this has been done. On theOth of May,
1791, the following act was passed:
An act for the remission of the duties on eleven
hogsheads of coffee which have been destroyed by
Whereas eleven hogsheads of coffee were im-
ported m the brig Jason from Cape Francois, by
two French citizens, to the port of Norfolk and
I ortsmouth, in November last, and the duties
thereon secured to be paid by Messieurs Elliott and
1 urviancc. of the same port; and whereas the said
eleven hogsheads of coffee were afterward, on ac-
count of the same importers, shipped to the port of
iiaJtimore, and there, in the night of the 7th day of
J anuary last, destroyed by fire:
Be it therefore enacted, That the duties paid
or payable to the United States on the same eleven
hogsheads of coffee be, and the same are hereby,
remitted; and it shall be the duty of tho collector
of the port of Norfolk and Portsmouth to refund
tne same duties if they have been received.
On the 3d of March, 1801, the following act,
was passed:
An act authorizing the remission of duties on cer-
a£ destroyed by fire while under the care
of the ofheers of the customs in Providence, Rhode
Island.
4- H $Jiact.e&> That the collector of the dis-
trict of Providence, in the State ofllhode Island,
! be.  andhe is hereby, authorized and directed to re-
mit the duties on such part of a certain quantity of
;teas imported into the port of Providence, in the
fen1/? tmi the Resource, on the 29th day of July,
0800, by Thomas Lloyd Halsey, John Corlis, William
J*. JVlegee, and Henry Smith, of the town of Provi-
dence, merchants, and on such part of a ccrtain
quantity of teas, imported into the said port, in the
ship called the Ann and Hope, on the 22d day of
-August, m the same year, by John James Clark, of
tne said town, merchant, as remained deposited to
secure the payment of duties, under the care of the
pacers of the customs on the 21st day of January
Jast, m the aforesaid town of Providence, and shall
he proved, to the satisfaction of said collector, to
have been burned and destroyed.
I have noted down fully twenty statutes of a
similar character, but I will not take the time
of the Senate in reading them all. I will give,
however, a few cases that are identical with
the one now before us. The Senator from
Wisconsin has maintained that such a bill is
unconstitutional unless there is a uniformity
m place, in territory, and unless it is applica-
ble to all goods, I believe, or to all persons or
individuals. Now, sir, I will show you that by
different statutes passed time and again, dis-
criminations have been made in favor of institu-
tions, in favor of schools, in favor of colleges,
