872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
which may need this remedy. Sir, there is no
occasion to indicate instances. If the word is
introduced iuto any law or ordinance, whether
of the nation or of a State, it is contrary to
the spirit of the national Constitution ; it ought
to be eliminated; and the object of this section
is to do that very work.
But Senators find that it bears upon our
naturalization laws. That is the only ease
which has been mentioned; perhaps it is the
only case where it is of particular importance.
But now I put it to Senators, are you willing
that that exception shall longer continue in
your naturalization laws? Will you not at
this great moment of reckoning bring those
laws, too, in harmony with the national Con-
stitution? You are setting your foot upon all
distinctions of color. Why recognize those
distinctions in your naturalization laws? Al-
ready you have enabled any person of African
descent coming, it may be, direct from the in-
terior of Africa, to be naturalized here and to
enjoy the benefit of our institutions. Already
the great gates are opened to all from Africa.
AVhy keep them closed against any? In doing
so, you depart from the spirit of the national
Constitution and fiom the great promise of the
Declaration of Independence. That Declara-
tion solemnly announces the equal rights of
all men, not of all white men, but of all men ;
and I submit that, it is our duty, now that this
question is presented, to see that it is settled
in conformity with that great promise.
Mr. NORWOOD. 1 simply wish to call the
attention ot' the Senator from Massachusetts Lo
a fact. lie remarked that the only effect that
that section 10 which lus attention had been
called would have was in reference to the natu-
ralization laws. I called the attention of the
^enatn the other day to the fact that I thought
it would repeal all State laws which inhibit
marriage between persons of these different
laces or colors. I wish to ask the Senator if
lie does not think that would be the cffect of
the section ?
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the Senator
wheilmr on that point he was not completely
answered at once by the Senator from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy?] I should like the judgment
ol the Seuauu- from Georgia on the answer of
the SciiHtor from Kansas. Was he not com-
pletely answered?
Mr. NORWOOD. I do not know that I
understand what the Senator means by a com-
plete answer, if the Senator from Kansas
answered the point that I made, that Congress
lias not the power to abolish State laws regu-
lating marriage, I did not hear hiin do that,
for he said nothing about it. lie referred to
the question of taste. 1 made my own reply
to hun, with which I am satisfied.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator inquire
with regard to the power? Do I understand
that to be his iuquiry?
Mr. NORWOOD. I inquired whether the
Senator did not consider that that' would be
another effect of this section if it was passed
into a law ?
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; what if it is?
Mr. NORWOOD. 1 simply asked whether
that would not be the effect; and if the Sen-
ator desired that effect to be produced?
^ Mr. SUMNER. I desire that eveiy word
in the laws of this land shall be brought in
harmony with the Constitution of the United
owes; and if in that way the legislation,
winch the Senator now calls attention to, is
repealed or annulled, so much the better.
jNor can I doubt the power of Congress.
Congress has plenary power to bring all the
legislation of this country in harmony with
the national Constitution, especially since the
recent amendments. Can the Senator doubt
it? Out ot what has the inhibition to which
lie alludes originated? The prejudice of
color winch was the very basis of slavery,
■therefore in abolishing slavery Congress must,
would it complete its work, abolish all the off-
snoots of slavery, all that grows out of slavery.
It must do its work thoroughly. It must not
allow anything of slavery to remain. But just
so long as any legislation inspired by that
original prejudice of color shall exist either on
the statute-books of the nation or the statute-
book of a State, slavery to that extent still
continues.
Sir, how often have I had occasion to say in
this Chamber that slavery dies hard! It died
hard on the battle-field; it dies hard in this
Chamber; and we are now called to witness
some of its final struggles. I hope Senators
will have the courage to meet the issue and
say that before this debate is finished slavery, so
far as the Senate can do it, is finally abolished.
Mr. CORBETT. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and then voted down by
the Senate, was, as has been pointed out, in a
very crude state. The Senator from New
Jersey subsequently pointed out many of its
imperfections, and I believe the Senator from
Massachusetts himself agreed that there were
in the amendment many imperfections which
should be stricken out. I voted for the
amendment then simply with a view to test
the sense of the Senate as to the practicability
of any amendment to this bill. I now desire
to say that I supported the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, believing that that
would cover all the necessities of the case as
required at this time. I believe that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts goes much further than Congress is
willing to go at this time. It is evident, I
think, that the section proposed now to be
stricken out by the Senator from Ohio ex-
tends much further and wider than is intended
and believed to be for the best interests of
thiscountvy. For that reason, I hope that the
section may be stricken out and the amend-
ment perfected, if it is still persisted in, so as
to be in such a shape that it may be effectual,
and of some benefit to the colored popula-
tion of the South, to whom, I understand, it is
mainly intended to protect, and to give equal
rights of citizenship.
I trust the Senator from Massachusetts, if
he expects his bill to pass by a two-thirds
majority, will consent to strike out the section
which the Senator from Ohio has proposed to
strike out. It must ho evident to him that it
is impossible that his bill cau pass by the
requisite majority without that section being
stricken out. It is evident that this amend-
ment cannot be passed by the required major-
ity. I hope, therefore, for the benefit of these
people, and for the purpose of perfecting this
amendment, the suggestion of tho Senator
from Ohio may be acceded to, and this sec-
tion stricken out.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
lias reference to civil rights, reference to ben-
efits to be conferred upon the colored people
of this country, which may be classified as the
common rights of citizens, and was not in-
tended, as 1 believe, to comprehend political
rights.
It is staled, and very truly, that if the section
which the Senator from Ohio moves to strike
out be adopted, it will change our natural-
ization laws in a- most essential particular. It
will open the door for naturalization to all
classes of people in the world. Inhabitants
fiom the center of Africa, from the South Sea
islands, from Asia, and all parts of the world,
could come in here under that, and whether
assimilating to our institutions or not would
become citizens of the United States, on the
same looting with those who originated in
Europe and portions of the continent of
America, who may be presumed to have some
sympathy with our institutions, and who are
similar to us in their origin.
~ Will the Senator from
California allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to be informed
if persons from the center of Africa cannot
now be naturalized under existing law ?
Mr. COLE. They can under a special law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Existing law. That is
a general law, is it not, that authorizes any
Hottentot to be naturalized?
Mr. COLE. There is such a law, passed
two years ago, I believe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we have already
a law authorizing a Hottentot to be natural-
ized.
Mr. COLE. There was such a provision,
embodied in some other bill, I think, without
any special consideration of its consequences.
I would like the attention of the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee to the fact that in the
treaty which was made between this country
and China some two years ago or more, a pro-
vision was embodied against the naturalization
of our people in China and the naturalization
of Chinese to citizenship in this country. If
this bill passes, it will, so far as our side of
the treaty is concerned, nullify that provision.
It is as follows at the end of article six :
" But nothing herein contained shall be held to
confernaturalization&n citizens ot the Unitod States
in China, nor upon subjects of China in the United
States."
It ought to be well known, and doubtless is,
that the people of China, born in China, have
but very little comprehension of our institu-
tions. They do not read our books and papers.
They do not come here, as a rule, for the pur-
pose of becoming permanent residents in this
country; but all of them, or nearly all, with
the expectation of returning. I know it may
be said here that, therefore, they would not
become citizens; but in the hands of designing
politicians they might be for a temporary pur-
pose induced to become citizens ot this coun-
try if this measure should pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Doesthe Senator under-
sland that the treaty with China has anything
to do with the naturalization laws? Does it
do anything more than provide that by virtue
of that treaty neither citizens of the United
States nor citizens of China shall be made
citizens of the other country ? Is not that the
whole effect of it? Would it be any repeal of
the treaty, or have anythiug to do with the
treaty, if we were to provide that Chinese
might be naturalized in this country? As I
understand the treaty, it merely provides that
by virtue of that treaty nobody shall be natu-
ralized.
Mr. COLE. Very well; it is provided in
this treaty that natives of China cannot claim
the right to become naturalized in this country.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh no. It merely pro-
vides that that treaty shall not do it; but it
does not provide that we shall not do it.
Mr. MORTON. It provides simply that the
treaty shall not overrule the naturalization law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all. It provides
that the treaty shall not make a naturalization
law, but it has nothing to do with the act of
Congress.
Mr. COLE. But it is very clear that the
adoption of this bill as presented will open
the door wide for the naturalization of Chi-
nese. This provision of the treaty was directly
intended as a declaration of policy on the part
of the United States toward that class of per-
sons who are found in this country. It goes to
that extent at least. If this amendment is
adopted, that policy will be to that extent
overthrown.
Now, sir, I am of op^'jon that up to this
time the door for the naturalize*011 of persons
born in other countries has been sufficiently
open; that we have endangered our institu-
tions to some extent by opening the door
widely for the naturalization of persons born
in other countries into citizenship under the.
United States. I am satisfied that if this ia
adopted it will result in very great dissatisfac^
tion in portions of the United States^ They
who are best acquainted with the character
and progress of the Chinese population know
