1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4457
Mr. COGHLA.N. I desire to state that
Mr. Sargent, my colleague, is absent by order
of the House; if here he would -vote "av."
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Cox, of New York,
isstillconfined to hisroora by illness. I presume
if here he would vote "no."
Mr. TAb'FE. On this question I am paired
•with Mr. Barnum, of Connecticut, who, if
here, would vote "no," and I would vote
" ay." I desire to say farther that my.under-
standing was that my pair was limited to the
merits of the case on this question.
Mr. GOODRICH. Upon agreeing to a
report which I have not had time to examine,
but which I take to be correct, I vote " ay."
Mr. PALMER. I desire to state that Mr.
McCrary, my colleague, has been called away
suddenly and unexpectedly. If here he would
vote "ay."
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Vatjghan, my col-
league, is paired with Mr. Orr, of Iowa. If
here my colleague would vote "no."
Mr. STORM. I desire to announce that
my colleagues, Mr. Scofield and Mr. Grif-
fith, are paired. If here Mr. Griffith would
vote "no," and Mr. Scofield "ay."
Mr. McCLBLLAND. I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. E. Milton SpeeR, is absent
on account of sickness. If here be would vote
"no;" and I would state further, that another
colleague, Mr. B. F. Meyers, is paired with
Mr. Seelky, of New York. If here Mr. Mey-
ers would vote "no."
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to state that
Mr. Hooper, my colleague, is absent on ac-
count of sickness. If here he would vote
"ay."
Mr. BIRD. I desire to state that Mr. Van
Tkump, of "Ohio, is paired on this question
with Mr. Sfeer, of Georgia. If here Mr. Van
Trump would vote "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report of the com-
mittee of conference was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bureau of sanitary science.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No..2980) to establish
a bureau of sanitary science; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, and ordered
to be printed.
national asylum for volunteers.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the rules be
suspended and House bill No. 1952, to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act to incorporate a national military
and naval asylum for the relief of the totally
disabled officers and men of the volunteer
forces of the United States,' approved March
21, 1866, and for other purposes," be now
passed.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act named in the title shall be so amended that
wherever the word " asylum" occurs therein
the word "home" shall be inserted instead
thereof; that the act approved March 22,1867,
entitled " An act for the relief of maimed and
destitute soldiers," shall be construed to ex-
tend to all soldiers who have been or are in
the national asylum, so as to give to each one
a suit of clothing, or its equivalent in clothing,
from the stock on hand in the quartermaster's
department; and that Frederick Smythe, of
New Hampshire, Benjamin F. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Thomas O. Osborne, of
Illinois, shall be managers of said corporation.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
bridges across mb oiiio.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call up from
the Speaker's table the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 827, to authorize the
construction of bridges across the Ohio river
and to prescribe the dimensions of the same.
Mr. CONGER: I shall not objeet if the
gentleman will allow me to offer ari amend-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. No bargains.
Mr. HOLMAN. If tiie gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] is able to say that
there is a likelihood of action upon the bill
by the two Houses, I might not object to his
amendment. I move that the rales be suspend
ed, the amendments of the Senate non-con-
curred in, and a committee of conference asked
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and it was ordered accordingly.
The SPEAKER (announced, as the conferees
on the part of the House, Mr. Holmas, Mr.
■Negley, and Mr. Conger.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate baa
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1017) to prevent the obstruction of the
administration Of justice in the courts of the
United States.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the following title,
in which the concurrence of the Honse was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1163) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from lesjal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes.
itemova l of political disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to sus-
pend the rules so as to take from the Speaker's
table and pass the bill (S. No. 1163) to relieve
certain persons therein named from legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Tie bill, which was read, provides that (two
thirds of each House concurring) all legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States upon George S. Houston, of Limestone
county, Alabama, and Zebulon Vance, of
Mecklenburg county, North Carolina, by rea-
son of participation in the late rebellion, be
removed.
The motion of Mr. Harris, of Virginia, was
agreed to, (two thirds voting in favor thereof,)
and the bill was
j. w. pettit, a house employe.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House of
Representatives be authorized to keep the name of
J. W. Pettit on the rolls of the folding-room during
the approaching recess of Congress, and that he be
paid out of the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives.
public building, evansville, indiana.
Mr. TYNER. I move to suspend the rules
to introduce and pass a bill to authorize the
erection of a public building at Evansville,
Indiana.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary to cause to be erected at
Evansville, in the State of Indiana, a suitable
building for the accommodation of the custom-
house, post office, United States courts, and
other offices of the United States, on plans to
be determined by him, and at a cost (including
the cost of the site) not exceeding $200,000.
But no appropriation for this purpose is to be
used or expended until a valid title to the site
shail be vested in the United States, and until
the State of Indiana shall duly release and re-
linquish its right to tax said site and the prop-
erty of the United Stat.es that may be'tbereon
and its jurisdiction over the same.
Mr. TYNER. If the House will give :>ne
its attention for a moment, I desire to make a
brief statement in regard to this bill.
Mr. ACKER. I object. ...
Mr. TYNER. This bill has been before the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and has received the unanimous approval of
that committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Acker] objects to debate.
Mr. ACKER. I will state the reason for
my objection. I have endeavored to get the
floor for several days, and the Speaker has
persistently refused to recognize me.
Mr. TYNER. The gentleman must be
aware that I am not responsible for that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Acker] has been desirous to get
the floor to have a call of the yeas and iiays
upon a general amnesty bill to relieve all per-
sons who are not already relieved. In the
judgment of the Chair, the House at this hour
of the session does not desire to vote on that
question; hence the Chair has not recog-
nized the gentleman.
Mr. ACKER. The Speaker has no right to
refuse to a member of the House his right to
recognition.
The SPEAKER. But when so many mem-
bers are seeking the floor, the Chair must
exercise his discretion as to whom he will
recognize.
Mr. TYNER. Mr._ Speaker 
Mr. ACKER. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair (Wires to
state that if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Acker] desires to have his proposition
voted upon without subjecting the House at
this late hour to the inconvenience of a call
of the yeas and nays, the Chair will gladly
recognize hira.
Mr. ACKER. I can make no arrangement
with the Speaker in the matter. I simply
claim my right as a member of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's right, is
no greater thau that of any other member, but
precisely the same.
Mr. TYNER. In support of this bill, I
wish to say that the city of Evansville is the
second in importance in the State of Indiana ;
that it is the largest city between Louisville
and the mouth of the Ohio river; that it con-
trols the business of the Green river country
in Kentucky; that it has a population of about
twenty-five thousand; that the United States
district courts are held there; and that no
suitable buildings for the accommodation of
the custom-house, Uuited States courts, and
post office can be found there.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Is not this the second
bill which the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds have brought in during this ses-
sion fyr public buildings in the State of Indiana?
Mr. TYNER. I respond to the gentleman
by saying that it is not. In the early part of
the session the committee reported a bill
(which was passed without a division) provid-
ing only for an addition to the court-house in
the city of Indianapolis; and I say that after
the House has passed without opposition or
division such bills as have gone through the
House recently, members ought not to hesitate
for a moment to give their approval to this bill
which is so much more meritorious.
The motion of Mr. Theb to suspend the
rules was agreed to, (two thirds voting in favor
thereof,) and tlie bill (H. II. No. 2985) was
passed.
message from 1'iie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
Son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to amendments of the House
to bills ot the following titles;
Au act (S. No. 508) for the relief of certain
