1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3561
tary roads might be constructed and main-
tained, bat that post offices and post roads
might be constructed and maintained, because
there was no amassed capital, no density of
population, no growth of progress of enterprise
to suggest, except by the interposition of
Government, ways in which men might com-
municate with each other at a distance un-
less by going in person or sending special mes-
sengers. Therefore the Constitution authorized
the Government to establish and maintain post
offices and post roads as it did military roads.
Private enterprise has superseded all neces-
sity of maintaining military roads, and in time
of war, if you want to transmit war material
from one point to another, you resort to the
ordinary lines of transit, the railways and the
other modes of transporting commodities and
articles from one place to another. The Post
Office Department has never been superseded.
No seriousattempthas ever been made to super-
sede it. I do not assert that the time is likely
to arrive when it will or should be superseded.
I repeat, however, that, in view of all the
facts, I-would commit myself to night to vote
for such measures as would put out upon con-
tract to carriers, bound and liable for losses,
the business of transmitting the mails and mail
matter, rather than to launch the Government
upon the new enterprise of conducting the tele-
graph business of the people, or the express
or railroad business of the country.
Had I never gone beyond the Erie canal, I
think I could appreciate the fallacy presented
to us now. The Erie canal is an artificial
river more than three hundred miles long,
extending from Lake Erie to the Hudsou.
Upon this river for many years has been borne
a commerce many times greater than that
which floats on the river Rhine, although the
Rhine runs through seven sovereignties in the
heart of Europe. This canal is in a belt of
country the carrying trade of which held out
early a promise of profits beyond the dreams
of avarice. Had the canal been owned by an
individual, owned by a corporation, owned as
a private enterprise, and managed as a busi-
ness conducted by private individuals from
beginning to end, it would have been the
source of uncounted profits. It has been
managed by the State of New York, managed
under an administration inspired now by one
political party and now by another, kept in
repair sometimes by a contract system, some-
times by a system of superintendence, and its
history, great as it is—not regretted by the
State of New York, for from it—its history is
full of instructive lessons. That history shows
that the same business, be it telegraphing
or transportation, which, managed by private
enterprise, watched by the eyes deeply inter-
ested in the profit or the loss, is profitable,
turned over to public administration, com-
mitted to the Government, no matter under
what contrivance of intermediate corporations
or instrumentalities, changes from profit to
loss; and not merely from prpfit to loss, but in
all its details loses, by the transfer from private
enterprise to government, much of the essence
of thoroughness and success.
Without claiming to be a prophet, without
venturing to say that I have studied this ques-
tion as my honorable friend Irom South Caro-
lina seems to have done 
Mr. SAWYER. 1 did not say so.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
tells me that he did not say he had studied it.
I could not suppose that a Senator so consci-
entious as my honorable friend undertook to
instruct the Senate unless he had devoted his
attention with some care to the subject.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator will allow me.
I read the report of the committee, and I have
read the other reports on the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. Who, if I may inquire,
drew that report which the Senator read /
Mr. SAWYER. It came from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator does not
know who is the author of the report?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly not. I suppose
the chairman of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know in that
sense which justifies me in stating who drew
it. I thought perhaps my friend might en-
lighten me. However,I was going to say that,
without professing to be as learned in this
subject as my honorable friend from South
Carolina, certainly without presuming to under-
stand it as well as the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, I venture to record
this prediction—perhaps it is not worthy the
name of prediction, this guess—that while
telegraphing, governed as it now is by many of
the sharpest and best-trained business minds
in the country, has realized profits; has en-
abled one company to develop and multiply
their facilities, to reduce quite as much as this
bill is likely to reduce the rates at which the
people may use the wires; that while governed
by trained minds, profits have been realized
in this business which have attracted the
cupidity and adventurous spirit of others ; that
same business, when turned over to the Post
Office Department, when ingrafted upon it,
when managed by the uncounted officeholders
who. despite a denial heard here to-night, I
say this bill does provide for 
Mr. SAWYER. How ?
Mr. CONKLING. I think it very likely my
honorable friend does not know how ; I ven-
tured once before to say that I believed those
connected with this scheme who have not been
imposed upon have tried to impose upon
somebody else. I believe my honorable friend,
like other members of the Senate, has been
imposed upon.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, if he will point to a place in
the bill which indicates that the business of
telegraphing is to be done by the Government,
that the operators or manipulators of the sys-
tem are to be appointed by the Government, I
should like to have him do it. It seems to
me that the Senator has not read the bill. I
do not wonder lie wants to have the original
bill read. I advise him to have them all read
from the beginning down to the present time
and note the changes which have occurred in
them.
Mr. CONKLING. When my friend is argu-
mentative he is unanswerable; when he is
facetious he is irresistible. I have not read
this bill, of course, with the discernment which
that honorable Senator has brought to bear
upon it. I have read it far enough to answer
his question, however, and will do so as soon
as 1 have finished the remark I was making.
I was saying that I ventured to record the
guess that when this business, which it seems
to be supposed has enjoyed golden opportuni-
ties, has been turned over, it it ever shall be,
to the Post Office Department, and driven
about upon the ebb and flow of party tides for
a few years, it will widen and deepen that
grave in which millions are buried annually to
sustain the Post Office Department. Confess-
ing again my want of knowledge, I have no
more doubt of this than of any practical ques-
tion which the future alone can solve.
My honorable friend challenges me to show
that this scheme implies that officeholders
are to be increased m number or to be
appointed by the Government in order to
administer it. Why does my friend shake
his head now? ,
Mr. SAWYER. Because I will inform the
honorable Senator what it was that I did say,
and I will not allow him to say what I did not
say as coming from my mouth 
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
has said so much since I have known him that
I should despair of saying anything he has
n°Mi\ SAWYER. The honorable Senator from
New York can conceive therefore how desper-
ate my situation would be it I should attempt
to say what he has said since I have had the
pleasure of knowing him. The bill provides
for the organization of a company which is
itself to manage the telegraphic business, and
the Government is to make a contract with the
company in the same way that it makes a con-
tract with mail contractors to carry the mail,
or with any other set of contractors to do busi-
ness which the Government has to be done ; in
the same way that it contracts with ship build-
ers to build a ship. Does that increase the
public offices? There is to be a Fourth Assist-
ant Postmaster General, for what? Simply to
manage the business connected with the tele-
graph which will come, by the enactment of
this bill into a law, into the Post Office Depart-
ment. Perhaps a dozen clerks or half a dozen.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend is in a ship
now, and has gone to sea. He supposes I am
looking after that Fourth Assistant.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator has been at
sea all night.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not trouble him
about the Fourth Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral. I should not have recollected the bill
provided for such an officer had I not been re-
minded of it. That is not what I am talking
about. I am talking about a myriad of office-
holders, which no man can number, which this
bill brings into being. The Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General I suppose is to be a one-
headed man, and he would count but one. I
had no reference to him. My honorable
friend doubts my statement that the bill would
usher in a brood of officeholders, and he
went so far as to doubt whether I had read
the bill. Let me read two or three lines of
the bill to him to see how this is:
That for the purpose of facilitating and expe-
diting the exchange of correspondence, telegrams
shall be roceived at ovory post office, ami trans-
mitted by telegraph between all postal telegraph
offices, in tile manner herein presenbod. The Post-
master General shall, as soon as practicable, estab-
lish telegraph olfices at all post offices on tele-
graphic circuits mid at every other post office within
ten miles of any circuit.
Now, let us see what is to be done.
Ho may also establish places of deposit for tele-
grams, to bo collected wit!} the ordinary collection
of letters, or as much oftener as he may direct; and
such telegrams, if prepaid according to the require-
ments of this act, shall forthwith bo dispatched by
telegraph to their destination.
1 do not stop to count the number of col-
lectors, or whatever they may be called, letter-
carriers, perhaps, who are to scour about and
gather up these telegrams. I come to this :
These rates shall coyer the cost of immediate and
special delivery within ono mile of the telegraph
office, or within the town postal delivery, and of
transmission by mail when received at or destined
for any place where there is no postal telegraph
office.
Whose messengers does the Senator think
are to deliver and disseminate all these dis-
patches ?
Mr. SAWYER. The same messengers who
now deliver the letters under the free-delivery
system, and no others.
Mr, CONKLING. If this were not the
Senate, 1 should say to my honorable friend
that is "too thin.'5 [Laughter.] The idea
that in the city of New York, where there are
now six or seven hundred letter-carriers, all
the telegraph messages, which are to be sent
at once mind you, not twice a day, not thrice
a day like a mail, but in the twinkling of an
eye, because the wires mean speed—that all
the telegraph dispatches are to be sent out
instantly all over Manhattan Island, from cen-
ter to circumference, and gathered, not for a
mail departing to the South in the morning
and again at the going down of the sun, but
gathered for immediate transmission both
night and day by these same seven hundred
letter-carriers—1 say again, if this were not
the Senate, I would tell my friend it is " too
thin." Why, Mr. President, everybody knows
better. But at the great body of post offices
there is now no free delivery; no Ibtter-car-
riers. Every one understands that this scheme
not only in the particulars I have referred to,
but from beginning to end, under guise_ ot
creating a corporation, a favored corporation,
a corporation to enjoy a monopoly for which
it pays nothing—my friend shakos his head—
