1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1769
so that duties liave been refunded upon arti-
cles imported by them that the Senator would
have to pay duties upon. On the 2d of Feb
ruary, 1818, the following act was passed:
An act for the relief of the Bible Society of Phila.
delphia.
Tie it nun-ted <£■<, That the duties arising and
due to the united States upon certain stereotyped
plates imported during-the last year into the port
of Philadelphia, on board the ship Brilliant, by the
w--i>iblep bociety of Philadelphia., for the purpose of
- , printing editionsof the Holy Bible, be, and the same
are hereby, remitted on behalf of the United States
to the said society, and any bond or security given
for the securing of the payment of the said duties
dhali be canceled.
There the Government refunded to a society
having its location in Philadelphia the duty
on Bibles, although there was a uniform duty
on Bibles. If you purchased or imported
Bibles as a merchant, you paid the duty, but
on all that were imported by this society in
Philadelphia the duties were refunded. Now,
what is the difference? I should like to see
you apply the rule to a society, and refuse to
apply it to a city, and say the principle was
not the same.
Again, on the 22d of July, 1813, the fol
lowing statute was passed—it seems strange
reading these statutes, some come in date
long before others, but this is the manner
in which the statutes are compiled; I will
read them as I come to them :
An act for the remission of certain duties to the
Pennsylvania Academy of the Pine Arts.
Be it enacted, &c., That all duties due and payable
  to the United States on a large box of paintings and
engravings, owned by the Pennsly vania Academy of
the Fine Arts, imported from Halifax to Boston in
the year 1812, on board the cartel ship Agnes, be,
and the same are hereby, remitted.
Quite a number of these acts seem to refer
to Pennsylvania societies, and the duties are
all refunded on particular things at particular
places.
Then, again, in reference to Harvard Col-
lege the following act was passed on the 9th
of April, 1816:
An act for the remission of certain duties on the
importation of boobs for the use of Harvard Col-
lege, and on tbo earriago and personal baggage of
1 His Excellency William Gore, Governor of the
British Province of Upper Canada.
Be it enacted, &c., That all duties due and pay-
able to the United States on an invoice of books
belonging to Harvard College, in Cambridge, Mas-
sachusetts, imported into Boston in the year 1815,
be, and the same are hereby, remitted.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all duties
due and payable to the United States on the car-
riage and personal baggage of His Excellency Wil-
liam Gore, Governor of the British Province of
Upper Canada, imported into New York in the
year 1815, be, and the same are hereby, remitted.
Here is ail act for the relief of the Balti-
more and Massachusetts Bible societies, ap-
proved April 20, 1816. Let us see what the
difference is in principle between that which
we ask and this act:
"Be it enacted, ke„ That all the duties due and
payable to the United States on a set of stereotype-
plates, owned by the Baltimore Bible Society, im-
' ^-ported from London to Philadelphia, in the year
s*. 1815, on board the ship Electra; and from London to
1 Baltimore, in the same year, on board the ship
Joseph, be, and the same are hereby, remitted."
The second section extends the same relief
to the Massachusetts Bible Society. Then I
have here an act for the remission of duties to
a captain in the Navy. These private acts are
innumerable; I cannot read them all. Then
here is an act for the benefit of Benedict
Joseph Flaget, of the same character, and
an act for the relief of Thomas Jefferson,
who made this report, of the same character,
an act authorizing him to import certain arti-
cles for the benefit of a college in Virginia, the
duties upon which amounted to several hun-
dred dollars, and the law provided that those
duties should be refunded to Thomas Jefferson.
In 1848 the Congress of the United States
passed the following act:
"For refunding certain duties paid by colleges,
academies, schools, and seminaries of learning in
^ the United States, on philosophical apparatus, ln-
struments, books, maps, and charts, agreeably to the
" provisions of an act passed July 30,1846, entiUed
An act reducing the duty on imports, and for other
purposes,' the sum of $7,000; and hereafter all phi-
losophical apparatus, instruments, books, maps and
charts; statues, statuary, busts, and casts, of mar-
ble, bronze, alabaster, or plaster of Paris; paintings,
drawings,, engravings, etchings, specimens of sculp-
ture ; cabinets of coins, medals, gems, and all collec-
tions of antiquities, provided the same be specially
imported m good faith for the use of any society incor-
porated or established for philosophical or literary
purposes, or for the encouragement of the fine arts,
or tor the use or by the order of any college, acad-
emy, school, or seminary of learning in the United
States, shall be imported into the United States free
oi duty, anything in the act above named to the
contrary notwithstanding."
That law stands "upon your statute-book
to-day unrepealed. As I understand it, the in-
struments, philosophical apparatus, and every-
thing of that kind furnished to a college or
imported by a college are entitled to be im-
ported duty free ; but, sir, if you import one of
those articles you must pay the duty upon it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Give me the reference
to the volume in which that is found.
_ Mr. LOGAN. Statutes-at-Large, volume
nine, page 296. Now, sir, is that a uniform
rate of duties ? If I import,' if you import,
if a merchant imports any one of those arti-
cles for sale, he pays the duty upon it and he
has no right to a refunding of that duty; but
if a college imports it, it has the right to have
the duty remitted or refunded. I should like
to ask, with all these statutes before us, (and
there are a great many more that I have not
read,) where it has occurred that this question
has ever been raised in this Congress before?
I know it is very convenient to find a con-
stitutional objection to everything that you do
not want to pass, but very convenient to find
no objection in the Constitution to anything
you want to pass for any purpose whatever,
Why, sir, if a gentleman names the Constitu
tion here when there is a desire to pass a bill,
the Constitution is construed by the Declara-
tion of Independence, and the bill is passed
but if a bill is to be defeated or there are objee
tions to it, then it is very easy to ascertain
that there is some constitutional difficulty in
the way. There has always been trouble in
the minds of some men in reference to the
Constitution if you want to do a proper and
good act for some individuals or some com-
munity. It may be said that there is trouble
in the Constitution in reference to the Terri-
tory you have here, called the Territory of
Columbia. I do not say there is, but I could
find more reason for objecting to that than
the Senator from Wisconsin can for objecting
to this bill on constitutional grounds, because
the Constitution gives Congress the exclusive
legislative jurisdiction over the ten miles square,
and yet you passed a law organizing it into £
Territory, giving them a member of Congress^
giving them courts, giving them a Legislature
and a council. That is all right; the Consti-
tution is perfectly plain in that case.
So it is in reference to your currency or legal
tenders in this country. When a necessity
arises—and I do not make any question with
the court; I rather agree with tliem, because
I agree that necessities when they arise have
to be met—we find constitutional reasons for
making a legal tender of that which was once
thought could not be, and we find plenty of
reasons for it. We find plenty of reasons for
everything we desire to do. Wo can suspend
the writ of habeas corpus-, wo can do anything
we desire, and find constitutional reasons for
it; but if a class of people burned out and
destroyed come forward to Congress and ask
for the refunding of duties on such material as
is absolutely necessary to place them back
where they were, the Constitution stands up
in our face and confronts us! I can find no
word, no sentence in it covering the case; but
by a mode of reasoning strange to me, though
possibly not strange to others, a conclusion is
arrived at that it is unconstitutional to do this
act, although it has been done a thousand
times by the Congress of the United States
where the principle involved was precisely the
same.
Now, sir, let me call your attention to a
section m a tariff bill to be found in volume
twelve, page 197 of the statutes, and see how.
it reads:
"And be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be allowed "
a drawback on foreign hemp manufactured into
cordage in the United States and exported there-
irom, equal m amount to the duty paid on the for-
eign hemp."
There you import foreign hemp. When the
foreign hemp is imported, under this partic-
ular law, if you manufacture it into a certain
kind of cordage for foreign countries, you get
a drawback or a refunding of the duties, but if
it is not manufactured into that particular arti-
cle, there is no refunding of the duty. Is that
a uniform duty? It is uniform so far as that
particular hemp is concerned, but it is not in
reference to other hemp. A uniform duty laid
upon hemp would be the same duty laid upon
all hemp, and the principle of uniformity re-
quires that if you give a drawback to a portion
you should give to all, according to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin. This
bill would be perfectly constitutional, accord-
ing to his theory, if this drawback were given
all over the United States upon these articles
everywhere.
Mr. CARPENTER. That would be uni-
form, I think. '
Mr. LOGAN. That would be constitutional,
too, would it not ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think so.
Mr. LOGAN. Then you may remit the
duty on every article in the United States by
the law; you have the power to do that; but
you have not the power to allow a rebate of
duties on a few of the articles imported into
the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not say that.
Mr. LOGAN. I say that. I am drawing
my own conclusion from the gentleman's argu-
ment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Oh, no, you are not.
Mr. LOGAN. If it is not mine, I do not
know whose it is.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not say that you
are not entitled to that conclusion, but I deny
that you draw it from anything I have said.
Mr. LOGAN. Yery well; then I mistook
what the Senator said. I understood him to
say a while ago in his argument that wool in
Wisconsin had the same right to be put on as
anything else; that you could put on every-
thing in every other State and rebate it as
well as you could on these things in Chicago.
If I misunderstood him, I beg his pardon.
But now let us see. You import hemp.
You may use it in Massachusetts, you may us©
it in Wisconsin, you may use it in Illinois,- and
you must pay the duty on it; but if you use it J
in Kentucky to make a certain kind of cord-
age, then you have a refunding of the duty.
That is the law. Let us see whether that is
not in accordance with the principle involved
in this bill. You pay the duty on the article,
and you only refund the duty on the amount
used for a certain purpose. So it is with this
hemp. If you use it for cordage, the duty is
refunded; but if you use it for bagging, the
duty is not refunded. That is the condition
precisely. Hence, in order to get a refunding
of the duties on hemp in this country, you must
import it alone for cordage, and that cordage
to be exported to a foreign country. I should
like to know if the principle is not the same?
If it is not, I cannot understand the principle.
It may be that I am so dull of comprehension
that I cannot understand what men have done
before us, nor can I understand the laws as
they read ; but I do not think I am.
Now, sir, let us go a little further. We
have drawbacks now on whisky, and have
had ever since the Government began almost.
To-day, if you export whisky, you have a
drawback of sixty cents a gallon, but you pay I
a tax of sixty-five cents a gallon. The Gov-
ernment gives a drawback of a certain portion
of the tax. In reference to tobacco it has
