1872;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
full well their want of capacity for citizenship;
and I hope that this section will not be adopted.
X was in hopes when the appeal was made
to the mover of it tbat he would consent to
withdraw this part of his amendment, leaving
the bill to cover what it was the original inten-
tion should be covered by its provisions, and
not, under a cover of language which might
not be construed to comprehend so much as
it really does, to give the bill wider scope
than was intended by those who were favor-
ing it. I hope, Mr. President, this part of the
bill will be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNEK. Mr. President, I have
listened to what Senators have said with great
respect, and with a sincere desire to harmonize
with them. I am anxious for the substance
of this great measure. I think it incomplete
without the section which it is now proposed
to strike out; but I find that there is among
the friends of the measure very serious objec-
tion to that section. They feeltbat it does
open a question which, in their judgment,
is somewhat inconsistent with the main object
of the bill, or at least outside of the main object
of the bill. I have been appealed to by friends
of the bill to strike that section out. Senate rs
know with what reluctance I should consent to
strike it out, but I cannot resist the appeal that
has been made to me. I have been so thor-
oughly anxious for the bill in its substantial
features that I am willing to make any reason-
able sacrifice. I am willing to give up much,
and I do give up much, when I consent to allow
that section, whose object is to bring the legis-
lation of the land in harmony with the Consti-
tution and the Declaration of Independence,
to be struck out. But 1 cannot resist the ap-
peal, and I accept the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Ohio, and consent to the striking out
of that section.
Mr. HARLAN. I feel it to be my duty to
object to that. I desire to have a vole on that
pioposition.
Mr. CONKLING, The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has a right to modify his amend-
ment.
Mr. HAPvLAN. I have a right to renew it,
I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
The motion is to strike out.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the wordsjust stricken
out.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not so very anxious
to have this section in this amendment if by
having it there we are unable to pass the
amendment. I think it strange, however, that
any of us should thiuk that we have already
opened our doors too wide to foreigners^ It
seeins strange to me that any one can think
that a man born in this country is any better
than if he was born somewhere else. I hold
that a man is an Americau if he has an Amer-
ican heart in him, I do not. care where he was
horn. For us to shut our doors against a mau
because of the accident of his birth, seems to
rae to be not only anti-American but both
foolish and wicked. I am for that American-
ism that embraces all true men all over the
world who want to come here and identify
themselves with us in developing on this con-
'tineota great system of free government for
man ; but my friend from California wants to
have them kept out if they were not born here.
A man born in China may be as true an Amer-
ican as though he was born here. The Anicr-
ican is;n that I like is not contracted either
by color or by lines of latitude or kmgitude.
It he is a man with the capacity of a man,
longing !<> ideutify himself with the peoplo^ou
this western continent who are exhibiting
before the world a system of free gON eminent,
he is my brut her ; lie is the man we waut, and
I do not lake it that people will come here
for any other motive; and why not open our
arms wide for men who Imie American senti-
ments in them, no matter in what country or
clime they may have received the accident of
birth? You and I were born here; but we could
not help it; it is no virtue and no crime in us.
We had not any control over the question
where we should be born, nor have our friends
on the other side of the globe. They see us
making a grand experiment here for free gov-
ernment, and they long to be with us, and now
why do we want to shut the doors against
them? If this word "white" is in the natu-
ralization laws and does prevent the nat-
uralization of men of some color or other, then
I waut it out; it ought to be out; it is a dis-
grace to us to have it in. But if this bill
cannot paos with this particular feature in it,
I have no objection to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts amending his amendment.
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
this 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] objected to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts accepting the proposed amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio. The yeas
and nays having been ordered upon this amend-
ment, under the tenth rale the Senator from
Massachusetts cannot accept the modification
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the yeas and
nays had not been ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts. That pre-
cludes any modification of it, except by the
consentof theSenate, and therefore the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio must be
regarded as pending.
Mr. SUMNER. I had supposed it was
otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that the yeas and nays were ordered on
the amendment in full.
Mr. FREEING HUYSEN. I was going to
say in reply to the remarks of the Senator
from Kansas that this is no occasion to dis-
cuss the great question of naturalization. As
Hook at the matter, naturalization is the only
subject which cannot in some indirect way be
made geimane to this bill. Naturalization
relates to foreigners and to them only. This
is a biil to fix the rights of citizens, and it is
not necessary to put out so many points of
objection to a bill that you want to pass as to
be sure to defeat it; and therefore in voting
to strike out this provision or in the Senator
from Massachusetts accepting the modification
to strike it out, I do not understand any one as
at all compromising his views on that subject,
but simply as expressing a desire not-unne-
cessarily to burden a measure which it is pro-
posed to pass.
Mr. POMEROY'. I agree with the Senator
from New Jersey that I was not discussing the
naturalization laws ; I was trying to reply in a
very feeble way to the remarks made by the
Senator from California. He thought we had
opened the door too wide. I thought we ought
to let in everybody that chooses to come. That
is what I was trying to say. I was not going
to discuss the naturalization laws.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Kansas says lie is in favor of every
man who has an American heart and desires
to become an American citizen, coining to
this country. I agree with him that we ought
to receive every mau who we are satisfied has
an American heart, and whom it is safe, in ac-
cord with our institutions, for us to adopt into
the American family ; and if he belongs to an
element to which we can extend these facul-
ties without endangering our own institutions,
I am in favor of such a policy, and I will join
with him on all proper occasions to extend
these rights to such men. This amendment,
however, may embrace an element with which
we are not thoroughly acquainted, and may
extend rights and privileges that some of the
States who are more thoroughly acquainted
with such an element may not think sate.
For that reasou I believe the time has not yet
come to attempt quite so great a leap until
we shall have ascertained more thoroughly the
nature of the element that is presenting itself
to this country at this lime upon the other
shore. I think it is nothing more than pru-
dence, it is nothing more than right, that we
should watch this element and properly guard
our institutions. On the Asiatic continent
there is a country differing greatly in all its
institutions from ours, containing four hundred
aud fifty million people; and they are likely
to immigrate to our shores in great numbers.
It is our duty to watch this, and to see to it that
no element creeps into our country that may
be detrimental to us and to our institutions.
All the European populations that come to
this country are identified in sentiment, in
feeling, and in ideas with our institutions,
aud, as the Senator from Kansas terms it, are
Americanized in heart; and for that reason I
am in favor of extending naturalization facili-
ties to those people.
There is on this continent a large element,
native-born, of African descent. We have ex-
tended to that race the naturalization laws.
The people of that race have so large an
interest in our country, being here in such large
numbers, that it was thought best to extend
the naturalization laws to others of that race,
so that they might assimilate when they camo
here with their fellows in our country.
It seemed proper to take care of that race,
to protect them from being reenslaved. I
have no hesitation in saying that the people
of the United States would never have con-
sented to the extension of such great privileges
as we have conferred on that class of persons
without some preparation on their part for
them, if it had not been for the fact that it
seemed to be necessary to protect that people
from being reenslaved. We must all acknowl-
edge that they were not quite prepared; they
were not quite up to the standard of education
that we should like, and that they were not
prepared to govern those States in which they
have been placed in power; but it seemed to
us to be necessary to do it. It was a question
of choice between two evils. The point was
whether we should leave those people in a
condition where they could be reenslaved,
placed under their old masters again, or
whether the ballot should be put in their
hands and they allowed to assume the posi-
tion and the rights of citizenship. We chose
to take the risk of the latter alternative, and
the result of the experiment has proved that
they have behaved as becomes citizens; that
they have been deserving of the extension of
these privileges.
It may be that in some of the States these
people have abused these privileges where
they have been in power, or they may have
been imposed upon. In those States where
they have been accorded these high offices for
which they were not prepared, they perhaps
may have abused this trust. We believe that
the extension of universal education to them
will give them the knowledge of our laws and
institutions that will enable them in an
enlightened manner to prove that they are
capable of exercising those privileges in such
a manner as shall be a credit to this nation,
and shall prove the propriety of the laws
which extended to them these privileges.
But on the opposite shore of our continent
there is pouring iu an element with which we
are not so thoroughly acquainted, and which
may come here in large numbers, and I trust
that we shall not encourage it too rapidly, that
we shall not place ourselves in a position
where we shall regret having extended to them
laws and privileges the efl'eel of which we do
not know or fully comprehend.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hope the
Senator from Iowa will withdraw his objection,
and that the proposition made by my colleague
to strike out this section, for the purpose ot
strengthening the amendment, will be per-
mitted. I agree with the Senator from Ivan-
