1872.]
APPENDLX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
Laws of the United States.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
CDXXXVi.—An Act for the Relief of
ctrtuni '• rnies of Lillians in the Northern
gup; titi'emleney.
lie it eiutclcJ by ihc Senate and House of Rep-
resentative^ of the United States of America in
Cuiigt e.il! assembled, That with the consent and
conC'irroiK't- of tiie Omaha tribe of Indians,
expressed in open council in the usual man-
ner, the Secretary of the Interior be, and
hereby is. authorized to cause to be surveyed,
if necessary, a portion of their reservation in
the Siate of Nebraska, not exceeding fifty
thousand acres, to be taken from the western
part thereof, and to be separated from the
remaining portion of said reservation by a line
running along the section lines from north to
south. The said lands so separated shall be
appraised by three competent commissioners,
one of whom shall be selected by said Omaha
tribe of Indians in open council, and the otlier
two shall be appointed by tlie Secretary of the
Interior. After the survey and appraisment
of said lands, as herein provided, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall be, aud hereby is,
authorized to oft'er the same for sale for cash
in hand; and sealed proposals, duly invited
by public advertisements, shall be received for
the same for tracts not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres each, and also for the
entire body offered ; and he shall be, and
hereby is, authorized to accept the proposal
for the entire tract., or the highest bids for
separate tracts, whichever shall be deemed
bestiorthe interests of the Indians: Provided,
That no bids ior separate tracts shall be ac-
cepted which may be less than the appraised
value of such tract, nor less than one dollar
and twemy-Eve cents per acre; or for the
entire tract which shall be less than the aggre-
gate appraised value 0! the same, nor less than
onedoliarand twenty-five cents per acre. The
proceeds of such sale shall be placed to the
credit of said Indians on the books of the
Treasury of the United States, and bear inter-
est at ihe rate of five per centum per annum,
payable semi annually, except such portion
thereof as the Secretary of the Interior, with
the approval of the President of the United
States, may deem necessary to be expended
for their immediate use in improving and
fencing farms, building houses, purchasing
implements of agriculture and live stock, and
in establishing and supporting schools : Pro-
vided also, That nor more tiian twenty-live
per centum of the principal of the aggregate
amount of sales of said lauds, shall be expended
m any one year: Prodded, That no sale shall
be approved unless the average sales of each
of said paicels of said laud shall be at least
two dollars and fifty cents per acre.
Sec. 2. That with the consent and concur-
rence of the Pawnee tribe of Indians, expressed
in open council in the usual manner, the Sec-
retary of the Intei ior be, and hereby is, author-
ized to cause to be surveyed, if necessary, a
portion of their reservation in the State of
Nebraska, not exceeding fifty thousand acres,
to be taken fiotn that part of said reservation
lying south of Loup Fork. The said lands so
surveyed shall be appraised by three compe-
tent commissioners, one of whom shall be
selected by the said Pawnee tribe of Indians
in open council, and the oilier two shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Atter the survey and appraisement of said
lands, as heiein provided, the Secretaryof the
Interior shall be, and hereby is, authorized to
offer the same tor sale, lor cash in hand, in the
same manner and with the same restrictions
as provided in the first section of this act re-
lating to the Omaha lands: and the proceeds
of such -ale shall be placed to the credit, of
said Indians on the books of the Trensuty of
the United States, arid bear lntere-,! at the
rate of live per centum per annum, payable
semi-annually, except such portion thereof as
the Secretary of the Interior, with the ap-
proval of the President of the United States,
may deem necessary to be expended for their
immediate use, as directed in the said first
section of this act.
Sec, 3. That with the consent and concur-
rence of the Otoe and Missouria tribe of In-
dians, expressed in open council in the usual
manner, the Secretary of the Interior be, and
hereby is, authorized to causc to be surveyed,
if necessary, a portion of their reservation
lying in the States of Nebraska and Kansas,
not exceeding eighty thousand acres, to be
taken from the western part thereof, lying
west of the B*g Blue river, part of said tract
lying in the Sta'e of Nebraska, and part lying
in the State of Kansas. The said lands so
surveyed shall be appraised by three compe-
tent commissioners, one of whom shall be
selected by said Otoe and Missouria tribe of
Indians in open council, and the other two
shali be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior. After the survey and appraisement
of said lands, as herein provided, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall be, and hereby is,
authorized to offer the same for sale, for cash
in hand, in the same manner and with the
same restrictions as provided in the first sec-
tion of this act relating to the Omaha lands;
and the proceeds of such sale shall be placed
to the credit of said Indians on the books of
the Treasury of the United States, and bear
interest at the rate of five per centum per
annum, payable semi-annually, except such
portion thereof as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, with the approval of the President of
the United States, may deem necessary to be
expended for their immediate use, as directed
in the said first section of this act.
Sec. 4. That with the consent and concur-
rence of the Sac and Fox of the Missouri tribe
of Indians, expressed in open council in the
usual manner, the Secretary of the Interior be,
and hereby is, authorized to cause to be sur-
veyed. if necessary, a portion or the whole
of their reservation m the State of Nebraska,
containing about sixteen thousand acres. The
said lands so surveyed shall be appraised by
three competeut commissioners, one of whom
shall be selected by said Sac and Fox of the
Missouri tube of Indians in open council, and
the other two shall be appointed by the Sec-
retaiy of the Interior. After the survey and
appraisement ofsaid lands, as herein provided,
the Secretary of the Interior shall be, and
hereby is, authorized to offer the same for
sale, for cash in hand, in the same manner
aud with the same restrictions as provided in
the first section of this act relating to the
Omaha lands; and the proceeds of such sale
shall be placed to the credit of the said In-
dians on the books of the Treasury of the
United States, and bear interest at the rate
of five per centum per annum, payable semi-
annually, except such portion thereof as the
Secretary of the Interior, with the approval
of the President of the United States, may
deem necessary to be expended for their im-
mediate use, as directed in the said first sec-
tion of this act, or for their removal to the
Indian territory or elsewhere, in case they
desire to remove.
Sec. 5. That in all patents of lands sold
under authority of this act, there shall be in-
serted a clause forever prohibiting the sale of
intoxicating liquors on said lands, tinder pain
offoifeiture of title thereto; and due notice
of this provision shall be given in the adver-
tisement offering said lands tor sa'e,
Sec. 0. That the commissioners to be ap-
pointed by the Secretaryof the Interior, under
the provisions of this act, shall receive com-
pensation for their services at the rate of eight
dollars for each day actually engaged in the
duties herein designated, in addition to the
amount paid by them (or actual travelling and
other necessary expenses.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXXXVU.—An Act to grant the
Right of Way through the Public Lands to
the Eastern Nevada Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for the purpose of
aiding the Eastern Nevada Railroad Company,
the same being a corporation organized under
the laws of the State of Nevada, to construct
and operate a railroad from the town of Elko
to the town of Hamilton City, all in Nevada,
the right of way through the public lands be,
and the same is, hereby, granted to said East-
ern Nevada Railroad Company, its successors
and assigns, for the construction of a railroad
as proposed ;- and the right is hereby given to
said corporation to take fiom the public lands
adjacent to the line of said road material for
the construction thereof. Said way is granted
to said railroad to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each side of said road where
it may pass through the public domain; also,
all necessary ground for station buildings,
workshops, depots, machine-shops, switches,
side-tracks, turn-iables, and water stations,
not to exceed twenty acres, not mineral lands,
for each ten miles of the entire length of said
road : Provided, That the right herein granted
shali not preclude the construction of other
roads through any canon, defile, or pass.
Sec. 2. That the acceptance of this act by
the said Eastern Nevada Railroad Company
shall be signified in writing, under the corpor-
ate seal of said company, duly executed pur-
suant to the direction of its board of directors
first had and obtained, which acceptance shall
be made within one year after the passage
of this act, and not afterward, and shall be
deposited with the Secretary of the Interior;
and within the same period the said company
shall also file with said Secretary of the Inte-
rior a map of the definite location of the entire
line of the road, and the said Secretary shall
thereupon take the requisite steps, by with-
drawal or otherwise, to protect said right of
way: Provided, however, That the entire line
of said road, in manner in accordance with its
charter, shall be fully completed within two
years from date of approval of this act. or in
default thereof, the right of way hereby granted
shall be forfeited and revert to the United
States.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution donating certain Con-
demned Cannon for a Soldiers' Monument.
Beit resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amoica >n
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized, if the same
can be done without detriment to the Govern-
ment, to issue and deliver six condemned can-
non and twenty-four cannon balls to the cor-
porate authorities of the town of Pittsfield,
Massachusetts, for the purpose of aiding in
the erection of a soldiers' monument at that
place.
Approved, January 16, 1872.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution to authorize the
Erection of a Colossal Statue of the late
Admiral Farragut.
Be it resolved by tli c Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Committees on
