2666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
thing new in it, or that the questions of law
which the case presents ought to be a matter
of doubt in the minds of gentlemen, especially
of the legal profession. .
But the difference grows out of the appli-
cation of the law to the facts of this case.
While the majority insist that a recount of votes
should not be allowed to overturn the official
count, and intimate in the report that such
is the law, still they do not boldly say so ; nor
is it the law. If an official return of the judges
of election to the county or State board of can-
vassers is not to be inquired into by a recount,
if we cannot go behind such a return, then
there is an end of all election contests in this
House. To this absurdity we are reduced at
last if we adopt that principle as a rule of law.
It is urged in the report of the majority that
in no case cited before the committee was a
contestant admitted to a seat and the sitting
member ousted upon a recount. But that is
a question of mere accidental results, uot a
question of law. In a number of cases em-
braced in the reports of contested elections—
among others in the case of Anderson vs.
Christian, and the case of Sleeper vs. Bice—•
the rule has been distinctly recognized, and
those cases proceed upon the ground of a
recount of the ballots, with the view of ascer-
taining the true result of the election in the
respective cases.
But, Mr. Speaker, the line of argument that
assumes that the only ground relied upon here
on the part of the contestant is the recount of
the ballots in the several precincts is based on
a misconception of the facts. The minority do
not rely alone on the recount of the baliots for
the purpose of showing there were mistakes.
The fact was known, and is proved by evidence
independent of the recount of the ballots, that
there were mistakes. And, sir, there never
would have been a recount of ballots in the
precincts of Green, Noble, and the south poll
of Richmond if it had not been ascertained
before the recount that there were mistakes in
those precincts.
Now, take the return of votes at Green
township, in Wayne county; .and I invite the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
PifiHRx] to that fact, aud I wish to hear bis
answer. Will he undertake to say there is
not evidence of mislake in the official return
of that precinct other than that ascertained
from the recount of the ballots? I have been
associated with that gentleman on the Com-
mittee of Elections, and I know he is a sound
lawyer, and 1 believe him to be a conscien-
tious man. I know when his attention is
called to it he will not insist before the House
there is no proof of mistake except on the
recount of the ballots. There were returned
in Green township 129 votes for the sitting
member and 70 votes for the contestant, which
make 229 votes for the candidates for Con-
Now, is it not in proof that after the official
returns were published in the papers they
showed there were 229 votes in all cast at
Green township? Was it not known by the
persons who conducted the election that the
whole number of votes cast for candidates for
Congress were not equal to the whole number
of votes cast at that poll ? That is proved in-
dependently of the recount. One witness tes-
tifies that from three to five votes polled at that
precinct had the name of Mr. Wilson scratched
off, and another had both of the names of
the candidates on it, making it a blank. When
the returns showed the vote for member of
Congress was equal to the whole vote cast, the
inspector of the election called the attention
of one of the clerks to the fact that that was a
mistake, because there were several blanks,
and that the vote for the candidates for Con-
gress could not be equal to the whole vote, and
therefore must be a mistake. This was known
before the recount, but after the recount had
been made it was found that the recount coin-
cided exactly with the facts which were known
before it took place. By examining the gen-
eral result, and with the knowledge of the
scratched ballots at the time they made the
official count and certified to it, it was ascer-
tained that a mistake had been made.
But the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Mc-
Crary] insists there was not sufficient security
that the ballot-boxes had not been tampered
with. They were in the hands of the election
officers all the time. Does he insist there was
any proof that they had been tampered with ?
I call attention to the fact that there is no
charge of fraud pro or con on either side.
There is no intimation that the election offi-
cers connected with this election in making
the returns were untruthful or were unworthy.
There has been no attempt to show that there
was any unfairness in the count or any attempt
to interfere or tamper with the ballot-boxes.
But they say to the House and infer because
it was possible, because it might have been
done, that therefore it was done. I do not
understand that reasoning is to be adopted
except where it is probable that the thing
itself has been done. Now, there is not a
scintilla of evidence anywhere in this case
that the ballot-boxes have been tampered
with, or that they were in the hands of any
one else than those who were entitled to have
the custody of them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have demon-
strated the mistake in the returns of the votes
cast in Greene township independently of the
recount, and the recount is but confirmation
of facts previously known, and agrees with
them. It makes a case as strong as human
testimony can make, for all the facts agree
and converge to the same point. It is alleged
and proved that 4 votes were counted for
the sitting member to which he is not entitled,
and 1 was omitted to be counted for the sit-
ting member to which he was entitled, making
5 votes. The majority refuse to correct the
mistake as to these 5 votes on this state of
proof.
As to Noble township, I am utterly at loss
to know on what ground the two votes given
to the sitting member are not deducted from
the official return by the majority.
[Here th& hammer fell.]
Mr. ARTHUR. I yield ten minutes to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick.]
Mr. MERRICK. It is matter of regret, Mr.
Speaker, that there should be difference of
opinion in a quasi judicial body such as the
Committee of Elections. But, as all judicial
bodies are liable to differences of opinion,
they must refer their differences to the ulti-
mate appellate tribunal which is authorized
finally to determine upon those differences.
And I assume that this House, sitting in this
case just as any other high judicial body sits
upon any judicial question, will carefully con-
sider and determine the right of the matter,
according to the law and the evidence, which
shall be determined.
Now, sir, I accept as the rule by which this
case is to be determined the rule heretofore
laid down by this House, and adopted as the
proper rule of law for inquiries into matters
of this sort. In the case of Butler vs. Lehman,
which came up as a contested case from the
State of Pennsylvania, the right to make, a
recount, and to determine the case according
as that recount should turn out, was fully es-
tablished ; and I confine myself in the consid-
eration of this case to the rale which was pre-
scribed there. I read from page 358 of the
second volume of Contested-Election Cases,
where it is said:
" In order to command confidence in a recount of
those baliots, it is necessary for the contestant, first,
to establish the identity of the ballot-boxes, and
secondly, to show that these boxes have been so
kept as to rebut any reasonable presumption that
they have been tampered with/'
That is the rule, and I expect that rule is
the proper one for the guidance of this House
in the determination of this case. I confine
myself, then, under that rule to the inquiry as
to the proper and reliable recount in two of
the precincts which are in controversy in this
case ; and as this House shall determine the
weight of the evidence as applicable to those
two precincts, so will they determine whether
the contestant is entitled to the seat which he
claims at the hands of this House. I refer to
the recount at the south poll of Wayne town-
ship, Wayne county, and trie recount at Greene
township, Wayne county.
In the township of Greene, Wayne county,
there was an error of 5 votes as against the
contestant. When was that ascertained ? Was
it ascertained under circumstances precluding
the idea of any fraud or combination or after-
thought in the ascertaining of that error? By
reference to the printed testimony in this case,
to be found on page 14, it is shown that Rey-
nolds, who was one of the clerks of tlxat elec-
tion precinct, and was himself a member of
the Republican party, the very next morning
after the count was made stated publicly that
there was an error in the official returns ; and
he stated it from these premises: that the
whole number of votes cast at that precinct
was 229; that he had personal knowledge of
the fact at the time the ballots were deposited
that some of the parties voting at that election
did not vote for members of Congress; and
yet the aggregate of the vote as published for
tnembers of Congress amounted to 229, the
whole number of the votes cast in that pre-
cinct. If some of the voters did not vote for
members of Congress of necessity, there was
an error in the published count.
Thus the knowledge was derived immediately
from a Republican officer of the election
eo instanti that there had been an error in the
computation of the votes for members of Con-
gress in that precinct on the night before.
The House then perceives that the knowledge
of the error existed in the minds of men whose
predilections induced them to refuse to admit
that there .had been such an error, and before
there was a possibility to make any combina-
tion to concert any such result as that for
which we now contend; and the other cierk,
who was a Democrat, came to the same con-
clusion, and for the same reason. Then they
notified Mr. Pitts, who was the inspector of
that election, and who was himself a Repub-
lican, of the fact that they believed from these
premises that this miscount had occurred;
and then Mr. Pitts, the Republican inspector
of that precinct, himself took the ballots, the
poll-books, and tho tally-sheets; they were all
confided to his custody, and remained in his
legal custody properly locked up and properly
cared for. He took possession the same night
of the ballots, the poll-books, and the tally-
sheets, and got the ballot-box the next day
from the Republican clerk, Reynolds, through
the hands of his sister, Kate Reynolds, who
was as good a Republican and honest woman
as he was a good Republican and honest man,
therefore precluding any reasonable appre-
hension, according to the rule which 1 have
read as the proper rule for the guidance of
this House, any reasonable ground to suspect
that the ballots had been tampered with.
Then this Mr. Pitts himself, a Republican
inspector and an official of that commun-
ity, a trustee and a respectable man, a
man of veracity and integrity, made him-
self a recount of those ballots then in
his possession, with all the checks of the
ballot-boxes and tally-sheets, all there like-
wise under his exclusive custody and control,
and from that recount he ascertained and
swears to the fact that there was a mistake of
five votes as against the contestant. That
alone, that by itself, without going into any-
thing else, would give to the contestant in this
cause a majority of one. Is it not proper that
there should be recounts and corrections of
the ballots? Is it necessary that there should
be an official recount ? This recount was made
by a man who was himself an official, and he
