1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
more moderate one. He may choose to put a
larger amount of material in his house or a
smaller amount of material, it is true, and to
' that extent it tnay be left so; but that is a
matter that cannot bo regulated, nor can that
enter into the proposition, as I understand it,
which I am discussing.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have 110 de-
sire to interrupt the Senator, but inasmuch as
he has accorded with the idea suggested by
the amendment I have offered, and says that
both, in his judgment, are appropriations, I
should like to ask him whether he does not
consider that there is a difference between
making a direct appropriation from the Treas-
ury, where there is no interference with indus-
tries or the laws of trade, and making an indi-
rect appropriation from the Treasury, a direct
bid for importations, and thus interfering with
the laws of trade ?
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not see that that
touches the question I am discussing. That
is a question of propriety, of expediency ; but
my proposition is that this bill provides for an
appropriation. Why, sir, how often do we
make appropriations out of the Treasury to be
determined when the bills are passed? We
make appropriations here almost daily, leav-
ing it to some officer to determine what amount
shall be drawn out of the Treasury under those
laws. I think, so far as that matter is con-
cerned, there is nothing whatever in the objec-
tion. This is a bill intended to be a law, when
passed, to take money out of the Treasury,
and not to stop it going into the Treasury—an
entirely different proposition.
But let that question be as it may, my view
of the provision of the Constitution which has
been read here is entirely different from that
of the Senator from Wisconsin. The provis-
ion in the Constitution to which reference has
beeu made, and upon which the argument is
based, is article one, section eight,clause one:
" The Congress shall have power to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States; but all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout
the United States."
The Senator from Wisconsin very properly
cited the history of the Constitution; and
gave some of the reasons why our fathers
deemed it necessary to make a Constitution at
all, and to make a Government instead of a
rope of sand, as we had under the Articles of
Confederation. You will recollect, sir, as he
stated, that one of the most important con-
siderations, one of those things which more
than any other induced the making of the
Constitution at all, was this subject of duties
upon imposts and the regulation of commerce.
The States could not agree about this matter.
One State would allow goods to come in at a
less duty than another, and there was constant
conflict. The Congress of the United States
under the Articles of Confederation had no
power to regulate the subject. There was no
common arbiter; in other words, there was no
Government of the United States ; it was a
mere association or confederation. Each
State was left to regulate the matter as it
chose, and our fathers got together to make
this Constitution in order that they might have
a Government which should regulate this
among other questions.
My understanding of this provision of the
Constitution, according to that history and
the language of the Constitution, is that it
refers to territory alone. The taxes "shall
be uniform throughout the United States;"
that is to say, there shall be no preference
given to one State over another State. Th6
controversy before that had been between
the States. One State was prejudiced and
another was injured by this or that course of
conduct. Here was a contest between the
States. The Convention go to work and reg-
ulate this difficulty between the States, and
they say that this imposition of duties "shall
be uniform throughout the United States," ,
that it shall be the same in one State as an-
other State ; it shall be the same at one port
as at another port, not depending on whether
the goods are going from New York to Wis-
consin, or Chicago, or elsewhere, when they
come into the United States, but in their ad-
mission, in the regulation of commerce, there
shall be no preference given to one State over
another. There is where this provision of the
Constitution originated, and to that it must
be confined; it is territorial, that taxes " shall
be uniform throughout the United States."
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
my friend by calling his attention to clause
six, section nine, article one, which accom-
plishes the end which he thinks is accom-
plished by this clause, by an express provision,
namely:
"No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another: nor shall vessels bound to or
from one State be obliged to enter, clear, or pay
duties in another."
That has no reference whatever to the sub-
ject covered by the clause the Senator is now
discussing, which says that "Congress shall
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, excises," &c., "but all duties, im-
posts, and excises shall be uniform throughout
the United States," which, as Chief Justice
Marshall says, means in every place over which
the United States Government extends.
Mr. BOREMAN. That is, everyplace where
duties are collected. I have not overlooked
the provision which the Senator has read, and
I do not think it sustains him at all in the
position which he takes in the construction of
this provision of the Constitution. There is a
great deal more in the sixth clause of the
ninth section of the first article than the Sen-
ator would seem to indicate. What does that
provision say ? "No preference shall be given
by any regulation of commerce;" not simply
in regard to the laying of duties, not simply
in regard to the laying of taxes, but no pref-
erence shall be given by any regulation of
commerce whatsoever. Why, sir, there are a
thousand regulations of commerce, I appre-
hend, besides the imposition of duties upon
imports. I ask the Senator from Wisconsin
if there are not many regulations in regard
to the revenue which are not the imposition
of duties? The language of this clause is,
'' regulation of commerce or revenue.'' There
are many regulations, I repeat, in regard to
commerce which are not confined to the impo-
sition of taxes. This sixth clause of the ninth
section of the first article is much more com-
prehensive than the other. It says distinctly
that in no regulation of commerce or of reve-
nue shall any preference be given. There are
a great many regulations besides the laying of
taMr." CARPENTER. Will my friend par-
don me a moment further?
Mr. BOREMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is undoubtedly
true; but at the same time, if the duties are
regulations of commerce, this sixth clause of
the ninth section certainly includes the first
clause in section seven, with the construction
the Senator now gives to it. This sixth clause
is much more extensive than the other, and the
first clause was wholly unnecessary with the
construction which the Senator gives to this ?
Mr. BOREMAN, No, sir. The first clause
to which I have referred speaks regularly on
the subject of laying taxes, imposing duties,
and so on. Afterward we come to the ninth
section, which contains a different class of pro-
visions of the Constitution, mostly made up of
negations; and while it may be true that it
would cover the imposition of duties, imposts,
and excesses, according to the first clause of
the eighth section, yet it comprehends a great
deal more.
Then, sir, suppose that be so; " no prefer-
ence shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or revenue "—to what? " To the ports
of one State over those of another"—not as
to whether the arti-cles shall go to one place or
another, or be consumed in one place or
another, but no preference shall be given to
the port of one State over tie port of another
State. That is precisely what 1 am contending
for; that it is territorial, that this uniformity
clause here requires uniformity throughout the
Uni-ted States, wherever the taxes are col-
lected, and that whether goods enter at New
York or Charleston they shall pay the same
taxes, and it makes no matter where they go
or what the use they are put to. Both the pro-
visions to which I have referred were inserted
in this Constitution to meet the difficulty which
had presented itself during the existence of
the Confederation.
Mr. SCOTT.' If the Senator from West
Virginia will permit me, I should be glad to
say to him that in looking at the origin of the
clause which he has cited, "no preference
shall be given by any regulation of commerce
or revenue to the ports of one State over those
of another," I find that when that was under
discussion in the Convention the illustration
of the meaning of it was given in this form:
that it was intended to prevent such a regula-
tion, for instance, as would require a vessel
destined to Baltimore to stop at Norfolk and
pay the duties there, or that would require a
vessel bound out from Baltimore to stop at
Norfolk, so that it adds to the suggestion made
by the Senator from Wisconsin that if that
clause had the meaning contended for by the
Senator from West Virginia, then the provision
in regard to duties, imposts, and excises would
have been unnecessary.
Mr. BOREMAN. Really, sir, I am not
able to understand the point of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. I thought I had been
contending for a part of the proposition he has
stated myself, that this clause was very com-
prehensive and did not merely relate to taxa-
tion ; that it was intended to cover all the
regulations of commerce of every character
whatsoever.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
pardon me, to come to the precise question,
so that he may understand my point about it,
what I claim is that this clause of section nine
protects the States against the evil which he
mentions—that is, against preference to the
ports of one State over those of another; and
that shall not be done by any regulation of
commerce or revenue. Now, if it had been
the purpose of the clause in the eighth section
simply to say that the same duties should be
paid in one port that were paid in another p>, rt,
the clause was entirely unnecessary, because
it is covered by this clause of the ninth sec-
tion. The regulations, that is, the duties, must
be the same whether the goods are admitted
at New York, or Baltimore, or Philadelphia.
Therefore, this first clause of the eighth .'sec-
tion, with the construction the Senator gives
to it, is useless ; it is only part of the other,
and therefore wholly unnecessary.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was going to state, if I
had not been interrupted, that I regarded the
provision in the ninth section, so far a,s it
related to the collection of revenue, as cumula-
tive ; and we find in constitutions frequently,
as we do in laws, that there is a clause in a
subsequent part of a statute which may cover
the provision of an earlier portion of the stat-
ute, and yet may cover a great deal more.
But, sir, it was not my purpose to make any-
thing like a systematic or extended argument
on this subject. I have not examined it suffi-
ciently to do so.
The Senator also referred to the second
clause of section ten of the first article :
"No State shall, without the consent of tho Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or
exports, except what may be absolutely necessary
for executing its inspection laws; and the net pro-
duce of all duties and imposts laid by any Stat.c ou
imports Or exports shall bo for the use of tho Treas-
ury of the United State.*; and ali such laws shall be
subject to the revision and control of the Congress."
I do not see that that explains the provision
