1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87 5
notsuppose anybody would seriously assert that
the amnesty bill was strengthened by the civil
rights bill, or the civil rights bill strengthened
by the amne-ty bill. We believe the amnesty
bill has two third? of the votes of the Senate
in its favor. We believe, nay, I think we know,
that the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts
has a majority of the votes of the Senate in its
favor. Yet the Senator would couple together
these bills, which are perfectly safe by them-
selves, in order to break down one or the other.
Now, had the measure of the Senator from
Massachusetts come from a friend of amnesty,
the supposition would be that it was to lift the
amnesty bill into favor: but it comes from one
who has always voted against amnesty meas-
ures. All the warm advocates of the attach-
ment of the Senator's amendment to this bill
are those who have been persistent opponents
of any measure of general amnesty, and yet
we are stigmatized as hostile to the Senator's
bill because, forsooth, we do not choose to
have this un nat aral and unnecessary and unwise
alliance.
No, Mr. President, I do not propose to be
pat in that position. I am as earnestly in
favor of securing all the rights which belong
to the white citizens, to the colored citizens
also, as the Senator from Massachusetts. In
order to obtain that object I wish to ran no
unnecessary risk, and therefore I shall feel
constrained to vote against the proposition to
place the bill for the purpose where it fail? if
it has not many more votes than are required
to pass it alone.
Mr. SUMNEIL Mr. President. 1 know not
why the Senator from Sou'h Carolina should
rash forward to make a personal i«Mie with
tne. My relations with him have always been
kindly. I have made no allusion to him in
this debate except in kindness, and never
smce I felt it my duty to read the testimony
from his own State, of colored fpfiow-cuizens
complaining of his course o:i this biil—never
in the debates since that day, now somewhat
d'Ftant. have I made allusion to him.: nor have
I had him in my mind. This 1 say in no dis-
respect. And why seeks he now to iiberate his
soal against me? it to graiily the colored
people of South Carolina? Does he think to
win favor among them by striking m me while
I am laboring to serve them ? L that !:■= object?
The Senator i« careful to remind you, not
now for the first time, that hn differ* Irom me
in mi'thod. T am s >riy. I wish he woxild
criticise me 1 ??. I wish 1 could lock for his
supper. 1 wish he would think of me less
unkindly. In method which he criticises
I follow such light* as I am able to command,
among them tna' ol exponent.•. which a great
orator once said was the lamp by which he
was guided. I have tried to follow this lamp.
Bv its light 1 have walked. But the Senator
follews a different lamp, lending away from
the highway of eq.iat rights in  a straggling
by patti. lie seeks amnesty, and magnifies it
at the expense of the colored fellow-citizens
abounding in tho State he represents.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt hint?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. The remark the Senator
has just made is precisely one of 'ho-e which
I think I have a right to complain of, and
i every other Senator who has taken the same
position with myself; and that is. that I mag-
nify amnesty at" the expense of equal rights.
How do I magnify amnesty at the expense of
equal rights, when I am as willing to vote for
equal rights as the Senator from Massachu-
setts?
Mr. SUMNKR. ''By their works shall ye
know them.'' liie Senator speaks fur am-
nesty, and votes, whenever he can get a
chance, against equal rights. That is the
position of the Senator, openly taken and
maintained in the Senate. He, sir, repre-
swing a large colored population, is earn-
est, eloquent, loud for amnesty, and then
with soft voice he says. " Whenever I can get
a chance to -vote for the equal rights of the
colored race on another bill at some other
moment that may never come then expect my
vote.'' Let the colored fellow-citizens of
South Carolina take notice. Amnesty with
the Senator is first and foremost. For that he
contends in season and out of season, and his
opposition is especially aroused at an effort to
unite the equal rights of his constituents with
the amnesty for which he is so zealous. Why?
Because it will endanger that amnesty which
is the very apple of his eve. Let the colored
people of South Carolina take notice that their
Senator instead of standing by those equal
rights in which they have a paramount interest
pleads always with plaintive appeal for amnesty.
He is for generosity before justice. He would
remove the disabilities of rebels who have
warred upon the Republic, before removing
the disabilities of fellow-citizens counted by
the million who never did us anything but
good.
And, sir, what is his excuse? He says that
j the measure of eivil rights is endangered by
; association with amnesty. Does the Senator
| think that his colored constituents will believe .
i this? Tliey may believe that he thinks so. but j
! they cannot believe that their rights have suf-
fered by any such effort. The ease is plain, j
I very plain. A majority of the Senate can place j
i my amendment upon the bill which i3 so for- |
i tunato as to have the earnest support of the
| Senator. A majority of the House can do the
I same thing. What is to hinder it from becom-
! ing a law ?
1 Mr. SAWYER. Does the Senator mean
| that it can become a law without a two-thirds
vote?
Mr. SUMNER. I mean what I say, namely,
that a majority of the Senate can ingraft my
amendment on the pending bill, and that a
majority of the House can Go the same thing.
! I speak now of the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. Does the Senator mean
to imply  
Mr. SUMNER. No implying; I am saying. J
Mr. SAWYER. Does the Senator mean to |
say that if that amendment were put on by a I
majority vote, thereafter only a majority vote I
would be required to pass the measure thus |
amended? ;
Mr. SUMNER. No; I say no buch thing. :
Mr. SAWYER. Then the Senator is dis- j
ingenuous. !
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par- ;
don; I soy no such thing. I speak only ot :
the amendment. The Senator knows that the
bill can pass the Senate only by a two-thirds j
vote: but does he not know also that it will i
be helped in this Chamber by an amendment j
securing equal rights?
Mr. SAWYER. If I did I certainly would ;
vote for it. j
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator ought to know i
this, and lie ought to vote for the amendment i
at all hazards. At any rate he ought not_ to be j
so free against those who differ from him in .
thinking more of equal rights and less of [
am n est v. j
For one. I shall vote against any removal ,
of rebel disabilities unless accompanied by the |
removal of these larger disabilities aftecting ;
colored citizens; and 1 am not alone. Other
Senators agree with me. Votes therefore will j
be secured for that amnesty so dear to the !
Senator by making it also a measure of jus- ,
ticeto the colored race. The Senator does I.
not see it so. Taking counsel of his anxieties
for amnesty he surrenders the colored race. ^
The Senator shakes his head. I wish to hear |i
from that Senator one speech for equal rights •
havin« one tithe of the earnestness that he j.
puts into his speeches for the removal of rebel ;
disabilities. That is aii; one single speech. 1
« By their fruits shall ye know them. ^ t>o i;
does the Senator make himself known in tms
Chamber.
Not content with constant warfare against
equal rights, always in the name of amnesty,
he comes forward to make a personal issue
with me. You cannot forget what he said or
his manner in saying it. I cannot compre-
hend the influence under which he is acting.
1 cannot imagine what he seeks to accom-
plish. Is he striving to prop himself in popu-
larity at home among the people he repre-
sents? I simply know what he does. His
way is strange. You have listened to his
> speeches, so eloquent, so earnest, so affecting,
for the removal of rebel disabilities ; so soft,
gentle, and accommodating when he alludes
to the larger disabilities of the colored race.
I desire from that Senator, who represents a
colored population, one good, earnest, gen-
erous word for that race. That is what I
desire. Is not this reasonable? Instead, he
turns round upon me, who plead for them, and
administers rebuke, a? you have heard him
to-day. _ True, most true, I do think more of
equal rights than of amnesty. The measure
of equal rights is of priceless value, especially
as compared with the other. Language fails
to depict its vastness. Do you wish recon-
ciliation? By equal rights you may obtain it.
Do you desire the establishment of justice
throughout this land? Only through equal
rights can this be accomplished. How petty
and mean is the other by the side of this
infinite good.
Why will not the Senator help ? Why will
he fall back upon what he calls " methods,"
and say that he differs from me? Iam pained.
Gladly wouldl follow that Senator if he would
lead in behalf of the people he represents.
Because the Senator from South Carolina will
not lead in this holy cause, so interesting to his
own people, I am obliged to enter upon this
service. Gladly would I resign it into his
hands. Let him take it. But he must begin
by placing the colored race before rebels, and
justice to them before generosity to anybody.
Let liim recognize this duty and become i:s
representative. Sir. I wait for the generous
word. Let the Senator speak it; let his col-
ored fellow-citizens at last be heard through
him. Let it go to them that after much delay
South Carolina may glory in a voice awakening
echoes in this Chamber worthy of a regener-
ated Republic. But this cannot be by speak-
ing in season and out cf season for a boon to
rebels. The speech must be in another mood,
and with better humanity. Then will there be
justice on earth, and South Carolina will be
proud of a Sena'o1* speaking for a race that has
suffered so much from the State he represents.
Sir. I hope the Senator will speak.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, if I needed
any proof as to the assertion which I made a
few moments ago that it was the purpose of
the Senator from Massachusetts to place those
•who differ with him about the method of
action on this question in a false position, tho
speech which he has just uttered is a full and
complete one. He calls the people ot South
Carolina to witness that one of their repre-
sentatives on this floor is false to his trust I
use no euphemism ; I speak plainly. The
Senator stands here in his place and with his
voice gives utterance to the assertion that a
representative from the State of South Caro-
lina here is false to his trust with regard to a
majority of his constituents.
He speaks about my course being induced
by a desire to prop my popularity in my owu
State. Sir, I do not desire to prop up my
popularity with anybody. I stand here as_a
Senator of the United States to do my duty in
my place as honestly and as well as I can. I
do not make a speech upon civil rights and
the rights of all men betore the law on a ques-
tion to which it is not germane. I do not
bring in a speech upon human rights oil every
bill that is reported from every committee ot
the Senate. I do not think it necessary to
move an amendment in behalf of human
rights upon every measure of whatsoever char-
acter that may be presented here, ihat is not
