1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4459
the
Mr. PERCE. Is it too late to object?
Mr. HOAR. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks
objection comes too late.
Mr. PERCE. I move that bill be referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
This subject is too important a matter to be
passed on in the last hours of the session. I
object to the passage of any bill in regard to
agricultural colleges that does not contain
some clause that gives the General Govern-
ment some power to control the funds.
Mr. HANKS. The bill was discussed in
the Senate, and I believe every necessary pro-
viso was put in there.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is the substance
of the Senate amendment?
Mr. HANKS. It is that the indebtedness
of the State of Arkansas to the United States
as trustees to the Indians was included in the
bill, and that none of the scrip is to be issued
until that whole debt is paid.
Mr. HOAR. If I understand the amend-
ment of the Senate, it extends the provisions
of the bill to other States besides Arkansas.
Mr. HANKS. To the State of Indiana for
two years ; that is all.
Mr. HOAR. This agricultural college scrip
has been delivered to the States under the ex-
isting law without the slightest security for its
application to the purposes for which it was
designed. Some of the funds have been in-
vested in State bonds. The result has been, in
several instances, that tbe fund has been lost.
In almost every instance the scrip has been
disposed of so as to be a source of injury to
the settlers; it has gone into the hands of spec-
ulators, and has been of little good to the States
to which it was given. In several instances
the States have given the bonds to institutions
that have excluded colored persons entirely
from the college. Now, in such a case there
is no piotection whatever, as a State cannot
be sued as a defendant.
Now, I shall resist the giving of any more
scrip to any State whatever, unless provision
be made that the proceeds of the sales shall
be received by the General Government and
invested in registered bonds, and the interest
paid to the beneficiaries.
Mr. HANKS. I think it is rather late for
the gentleman from Massachusetts, whose State
has already enjoyed the benefits of this act, to
object to the extension of its benefits to my
State.
Mr. PETERS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question, and there were—ayes 20, noes
27 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hoar and
Mr. Haxks were appointed.
Mr. HANKS. Before the vote is taken, I
would like to say that Arkansas is the only
Stale in which no distinction ha3 been made
against colored people in its agricultural col-
lege, and that a large proportion of the stu-
dents are colored men.
Mr. HOAR. I am unwilling to resist the
passage of a bill for a particular State, and
under the circumstances i withdraw my objec-
tion.
The amendments of the Senate were then
concurred in.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment the bill (H. li.
No. 902) making an appropriation for repairs,
furnishing, and ornamentation of the United
States custom-house and post office in Bath,
Maine.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the bill (H. R. No. 827) to
authorize the construction of bridges across
the Ohio river, and to prescribe tbe dimensions
of the same, agreed to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Scott, Mr. BoREMAN,and Mr. Thoumas', man-
agers of the conference on the part of the Sen-
ate.
committee on education' and labor.
Mr. STORM. I offer the following pre-
amble and resolution :
Whereas the Committee on Education and Labor
have directed their committee to continue their
necessary correspondence with the different trades
unions and organizations, superintendents of teach-
ers institutes, and other organizations: Therefore,
Be it reivlved, That the said committee be author-
ized to employ their clerk during the recess of Con-
gress at the present compensation.
Mr. PETERS. I hope he will include the
clerks of all the committees.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no ; that is too large
a dose.
The question was put on Mr. Storm's mo-
tion, and there were—ayes 38, noes 23 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. PETERS. Put in the clerk of the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. COGHLAN. This is a meritorious
resolution, and I hope it will be agreed to.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerr and
Mr. Storm were appointed.
While the tellers were counting the vote,
Mr. COGHLAN said: I move that the tell-
ers be continued during the recess. [Laugh-
ter.]
Pending the count by tellers,
a message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, with au amendment, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested, a bill of the House of the following
title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1779) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock.
committee on appropriations.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to have a change
madein an amendment which I offered to-day
to the resolution giving the right to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of this House to
meet daring the recess. My amendment was
that the committee should have the right to
meeton or after the first Wednesday iiiNovem-
ber next. Upon reflection I am inclined to
think that a due regard to economy in the ex-
penses of the Government would require an
earlier day of meeting. I therefore ask unani-
mous consent that the time be changed to the
first Monday in October.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
columbia lying-in asylum.
The SPEAKER. Under the sundry civil
appropriation bill passed this day it is the duty
of the Chair to name two directors of the
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-
in Asylum. The Chair accordingly appoints
as such directors Mr. James A. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Fernando Wood, of New
York.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act(S. No. 1163) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States, ,
and for other purposes.
clerks and employes of tiie house.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved. That in consideration of the extraor-
dinary and unusual labor imposed upon the clerks
and other employes of the House during the last two
months, thero be paid to each of them, respectively,
out of the contingent fund of the House: a sum equal
to twenty per cent, of their ordinary pay during that
time.
messages from the president., ,
Messages from the President, by Mr. Porter
and Mr. Babcock, his Secretaries, informed
the House that the President had approved
and signed bills of the House of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department; -- .
An act (H. R. No. 40) for the relief of-James
A. Clay, of Philadelphia; .
An act (H. R. No. 114) for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodyard, late of the twenty-first Missouri
infantry;
An act (H. R. No. 1421) referring the claim
of the heirs and legal representatives of Col-
onel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court of
Claims for adjustment;
An act (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of
Horace B. Shepard, of Indiana;
An act (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of
Jane Allen BircUhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, sole heirs at law of Alexander Watson,
deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 575) for the relief of
Seth M. Whitten, late private of the fourth
regiment Michigan infantry;
An act (H. R. No. 631) to amend an act
entitled "An act regulating proceedings in
criminal cases, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1865;
An act (H. R. No. 639) for the relief of
Jane A. Green;
An act (H. R. No. 837) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856 ;
An act (H. R. No. 887) for the relief of
Samuel Black and Albert R. Cooper;
An act (H. R. No. 896) to enable William
Sellers and Coleman Sellers to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patents for the
extension of letters-patent for an improvement
in coupling for shafting ;
An act (H. R. No. 904) for the relief of
Charles P. S. Ward well ;
An act (H. R. No. 924) for the relief of
Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of William Trapp ;
An act (H. R. No. 1017) to prevent and
punish the obstruction of the administration
of justice in the courts of the United States ;
An act (H. li. No. 1063) to reimburse the
State of Kansas for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion;
An act (H. R. No. 1241) for the relief of A.
G. Booth, late assistant assessor in the twenty-
first revenue district of Pennsylvania ;
Au act (H. R. No. 1261) for the relief of
Thomas D. West, of Sandusky, in the State
of Ohio ;
An act (H. R. No. 1262) for the relief of
Charles Hipp, of St. Mary's, Auglaize county,
Ohio ;
An act (H. R. No. 1272) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and to protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867 ;
An act (H. R. No. 1274) for the relief of
Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana;
An act (H. li. No. 129g) for the relief of
the estate of Ely Moore ;
An act (H. li. No. 1310) for the relief of
George W. Sturdevar.t;
An act (H. R. No. 1339) for the relief of
Chester C. Tolman ;
An act (H. R. No. 1382) for the relief of
Alexander McArthur, of the city of Corunna,
in the State of Michigan ;
An act (H. R. No. 1419) for the relief of
Michael F. Gannett:
An act (li. U. No. 1420) for the relief of
F. and 13. Reed, of Bath, Maine ;
An act (H. R. No. 1457) lor the relief of
