1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3563
mous consent, the bill (8. No. 539) authorizing
the construction of a railroad bridge across the
Ohio river at or near Evansville, in the State
of Indiana, was taken from the Speaker's ,
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
ME-SHIN-GO-ME-SIA.
On motion of Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 183) to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to make partition of the reser-
vation to Me shin-go me-sia, a Miami Indian,
were non-concurred in, and a conference asked
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
POTTAWATOMIES AND ABSENTEE! SIIAWNEEKS.
The SPEAKER. The Senate disagrees to
the amendments of the House to the bill
(S. No. 988) to provide homes for the Potta-
watomies and absentee Shawnee Indians in
the Indian territory, and asks a conference
thereon. The Chair hears no objection.
CRIMINAL PRACTICE IN FEDERAL COURTS.
The SPEAKER. The Senate also disagrees
to the amendments of the House to the bill
(S. No. 468) to regulate criminal practice in
the Federal courts, and asks a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon. The Chair hears no objection.
ABATEMENT OF TAXES.
The SPEAKER. The Senate also disagrees
to the amendments of the House to the bill
cf the Senate (S. No. 881) to provide for the
abatement or repayment of taxes on distilled
spirits in bond destroyed by casualty, and
asks a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon. The Chair hears no
objection.
CONSTRUCTION OP A BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. McCRARY, by unani-
mous consent, the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 2207) to authorize the
construction of a bridge and to establish the
same as a post road were concurred in.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the tariff and
tax bill.
Mr. HIBBARD. I hope the gentleman
will let us have a morning hour.
Mr. L. MYERS. This is private bill day,
and certainly the committees are entitled to
their morning hour. We are to adjourn at an
early day, and some committees cannot be
called unless we can have the morning hour
regularly. Committees might as well not be
appointed if they are to be prevented in this
way from reporting their business.
Mr. DAWES. I would like very much to
yield for the morning hour; but I think the
committees have had a reasonable opportunity
to present their business.
Mr. L. MYERS. _ Not at all. The gentle-
man himself promised the House that if we
would meet daily at eleven o'clock the com-
mittees should have their hour. We have
thus far given way; but there is no necessity
why we should still be deprived ot the morning
hour.
Mr. DAWES. Almost every evening since
that promise was made has been set apart for
business of the committees; and we have gen
erally had the morning hour besides.
Mr. BANKS. I think that injustice to the
public business we should have to-day and to-
morrow for the consideration of the tariff bill
and other measures in which the interests of
the Government arc essentially involved.
Mr. DAWES. At two o'clock to-day the
Committee for the District of Columbia will
be entitled to the floor; to-morrow has been
specially assigned; and the only time this
week that is left for the consideration of the
tariff bill is between now and two o'clock.
Hence I submit to the House that my proposi-
tion is not unreasonable.
Mr. BANKS. I ask whether there is not
some method by which the business specially
assigned for to-morrow and for to-day after
two o'clock, relating as it does to private and
comparatively unimportant matters, may be
set aside for the purpose of giving time to the
consideration of these great measures in which
the Government is so much interested?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
also that the bill which always elicits more dis-
cussion than any other appropriation bill, the
sundry civil bill, is waiting to be acted upon.
It is a very long bill, full of items likely to
lead to discussion, and I fear it will not be
possible to get it through the House, except
after consideration for four solid days.
Mr. SARGENT. Is not the disposition of
business within the power of the House ? '
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
how the orders for to-day and to-morrow can
be overridden except by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If other gentle-
men see a way by which we can get through
the tariff bill, the sundry civil bill, and the
very many private bills in which gentlemen
feel an interest, by the 3d day of June, they
see what I do not see. I have been waiting
for seven days to get the sundry civil bill taken
up, and if the tariff bill is to go over after
only two hours' consideration to day 
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the Committee for the District of Columbia
might take next Friday for their business.
Sir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iwish the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia would con-
sent to that arrangement. After these two
important bills, the tariff bill and the sundry
civil bill, shall have been sent to the Senate,
there will be a sort of interval of two or
three days, when no pressing public measure
will stand in the way of the District business.
But if that committee should insist on occupy-
ing the greater portion of to-day, the two bills
which I have named will be pushed back
almost to the end of the session, and we shall
tumble them both almost at the same time into
the Senate, where they must,, of course, cause
considerable discussion I hope the gentle-
men who have charge of the District business
will give way, and let the tariff bill go on to-
day.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If we could be
well assured that nothing shall intervene to
prevent our committee from occupying Friday
of next week 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman should
give way, and the arrangement suggested for
next Friday should be made, the committee
could not be dispossessed of that day except
by unanimous consent. They would have the
right to the floor against all other business.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If that be the
understanding, I am willing to agree to the
proposition.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I suggest that, if
certain members on this floor who occupy all
the time in talking would agree not to talk any
more during the remainder of the session, we
might readily get through with all our busi-
ness. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That arrangement can
hardly be made in public. The gentleman
should use his private influence to that end.
The gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather,] the chairman of the Committee for
the District of Columbia, proposes to waive
the right of that committee _ to occupy to-day
after two o'clock, *on condition that on Friday
next the committee shall have the same right.
Is there objection ?
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. PACKER. I would like to have some
arrangement made by which the Committee on
Railways and Canals can report. We have
not been called this session. We are now
next on call, and if this morning hour is taken
from us, I would ask that some evening of
next week, not already assigned, be given to
that committee.
Mr. L. MYERS. As I first made objection
to the arrangement proposed, I desire the at-
tention of the House for a moment. I am just
as anxious that the public business shall pro-
ceed as anybody can be. But the Committee on
Patents have been called but once this session.
Mr. RANDALL. If they are never called
it will do no harm.
Mr. L. MYERS. That is the impression of
the gentleman; if correct, then the committee
had better not have been appointed. The Presi-
dent has sent to us, with his recommendation,
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner of .Patents, suggesting a
revision of the patent code and some revision
of the organization of the Patent Office. Not
only has the committee public business to
report upon, but there is all the private busi-
ness we have been engaged upon during the
session. Now, if we can have an evening of
next week, and not be cut out of each Friday
morning hour, I will yield as readily as any
one can. I ask that an evening of next week
be assigned for the business of the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope that private busi-
ness will be made to give way for public busi-
ness of great, interest-
Mr. L. MYERS. That is what I propose.
Mr. RANDALL. Therefore I hope the
motion to go into Committee of the Whole
will be agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the proposition of the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] to take Fri-
day next instead of to-day for the considera-
tion of business reported from the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. KELLOGG. After two o'clock 
Mr. BIRD. 1 insist upon my objection.
The SPEAKER. As objection is made, the
question will be upon the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. Has my motion been
submitted to the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asked
unanimous consent,; he could not submit his
request as a motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. I do not want
any extension of sewing-machine patents.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent, to have taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary Senate bill No. 620, for the sale of the
Black Bob Indian lands in the State of Kansas.
Mr. LOWE. I object.
The motion to go into Committee of the
Whole was then agreed to.
TARIFF AND TAX BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scofikld in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. R No.
2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. At the close of yester-
day's proceedings in Committee of the Whole
the committee had adopted the following sub-
stitute, moved by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] for the paragraph in
relation to the duty on paper :
On all paper ninety percent, of the duty and rates
of duty now imposed by law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. Is no debate
to be allowed upon any amendment to the free
list or to the internal revenue part of the bill t
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that by order of the House all debate has been
closed upon this bill.
