2668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
any person entered it, opened that box, and
substituted other numbered ballots for the
ballots which it contained. All I have to say
is that an adroitness less than that practiced
for a less important purpose in many and
ordinary oases of crime, robbery, burglary, and
forgery, could easily accomplish that result.
Now, we know how eager, how unscrupulous,
how adroit in many instances are the means
■which are used to affect political contests.
It is not a question whether it is proved
that the friends of this very respectable and
very able gentleman who claims this seat
did or were capable of doing such a thing.
The question is whether you are willing to
turn out a sitting member from this House
whenever hereafter in any district of'the coun-
try any member may be able to do such a
thing, and may have been able to do it without
deteciion. The interests of the sitting mem-
ber and of the contestant disappear before a
question like this, which involves the interest
of the American people in the establishment
and maintenance of a strict, wise, and safe
rule of public policy. It is not merely a ques-
tion whether the recount was correct; it is a
question whether you know and are sure that
the thing counted upon the recount was the
same thing that was counted, or which should
have been counted, at the time the original
count was made.
Mr. Speaker, around the original count the
law throws every possible safeguard. It is
made by members of both parties. It is
made in the presence of an eager, watchful,
anxious public. It is made by men acting
under oath and responsible to the penal law
for any violation of duty. On the other hand
a recount is made by men in private, not under
oath, under responsibility to no law, and under
the accountability of no official duty. The
committee did not deem it safe, this House has
never deemed it safe, in these cases where
great questions are dependent on the result,
to substitute the unofficial recount for the
official and lawful account.
Mr. McOQJiMlCK, of Missouri. Did not
these men swear that the recount was a cor-
rect one?
■Mr. IIOAR. But the recount was made
three weeks after the election, when it was
known how many votes were needed to change
the result.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I now yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Wisconsin. [Mr. Hazklton.]
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. It is utterly
impossible, Mr. Speaker, in the course of ten
minutes, to go into anything like a systematic
argument of the questions presented by such a
case as this; and I shall not attempt to do so.
I may say that the case presented by the con-
testant to the committee and the House claims
a mistake in the official canvass at the Greene
township poll of 5 votes; at the Center town-
ship poll of 2 votes; at the Noble township
poll of 2 votes; and at the south poll of Wayne
township, Wayue county, 11 votes; making a
total of 20 votes. The contestant also claims
that, some 35 illegal votes were cast for the
sitting member at different voting precincts.
As a matter of course the evidence bearing
upon these questions covers a good deal of
ground, and has required at the hands of the
committee a somewhat protracted investiga-
tion. The sitting member, on the other hand,
does not claim the benefit of alleged mistakes
in the official canvass, but that some 28 illegal
votes were cast for the contestant. In exam-
ining the evidence bearing upon the ques-
tion of the illegal votes claimed to have been
east for the contestant and for the sitting
member I desire to say emphatically and dis-
tinctly that in my judgment the case as made
by the contestant fails utterly to establish the
polling of illegal votes for the sitting member,
except in four instances of which I give the
contestant the benefit. I challenge any fair-
minded, candid man to point out in the whole
35 alleged illegal votes cast for the sitting
member more than 4 votes which he shall say
are proved to have been illegal.
Prom the examination which I made and
upon the best judgment I could give to the
question, I determiaed that there were 9 ille-
gal votes proved by the sitting member to
have been cast for the contestant. These
added to the official majority upon which the
certificate was awarded give him a majority
of 13 votes.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the
House to this proposition: giving the contest-
ant the benefit of the mistake of 5 votes,
which he claims to have occurred at the Greene
township poll, giving him the benefit of the
mistake which he claims to have established
by the exhibition of the tally-sheet at Noble
township poll, the contestant is still short of
votes enough to overcome the majority proved
on behalf of the sitting member. Allow him
the benefit of the mistake of 2 votes at Center
township, and he would still only tie the
majority of the sitting member; and I do not
understand the minority of the committee to
claim with any degree of tenacity that the
mistake ought to be allowed at Ceutre town-
ship, as claimed by the contestant.
Upon this theory the whole question in this
ease turns upon whether there was or was not
a mistake, as alleged by the contestant, at the
south poll of Wayne township, Wayne county.
Now, sir, let me call attention very briefly to
a few facts bearing upon this question, and
then if my time will allow I shall ask the
House to listen to a short extract from the
testimony of one of the inspectors of that elec-
tion poll, which, as it seems to me, places this
whole contest, so far as this south poll is con-
cerned, beyond a reasonable question.
It. will appear that on the Saturday two
weeks and four days after the election had
occurred—after the Democratic central com-
mittee had held a meeting and resolved to
make the contest—two of the partisan friends
of the contestant, Scott and Young, made an
examination of the ballots at the south poll
of Wayne township. The count which they
made differed both from the official canvass
and from the informal canvass made before
the official canvass. On the Monday follow-
ing another count was made, at which were
present friends of both candidates.
At this canvass, made on the Monday fol-
lowing, it was discovered that some of the
ballots had been torn from the string upon
which they had been strung after the official
canvass, and before this recount, and the atten-
tion of parties then present was called to the
fact, and no explanation was given or has ever
been given. An examination of the testimony
shows another thing, and it is rather extraor-
dinary, and challenges the attention of the
House.
The tally-sheet which was used in the offi-
cial canvass, which the law requires shall be
kept by one of the inspectors of the election,
and which was put with the ballots, somehow
or other disappeared after the official canvass
and before the testimony was taken, and no
one has ever been able to tell what has become
of it.
Mr. GOODING, (the contestant.) That
was after the official recount.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. That
makes no difference. This tally-sheet used
during the time the official canvass was made,
which is proof that any court of justice would
require to be produced in making a thorough
investigation, which is a part of the evidence
to be examined, somehow disappeared and
was not produced at the time the testimony
was taken before the commissioner, and, as
stated by the witness, Parry, could not be
found. Who took these tally sheets? Who
removed them?
What is the testimony bearing on the ques-
tion whether these ballots counted some three
weeks after the official canvass were the iden-
tical ballots on which the official count was
predicated? It appears by the testimony of
William Parry, a most respectable witness—an
old citizen of the county, a witness produced
by the contestant, whose testimony no one
seeks to gainsay, so far as its credibility is
concerned—it appears by his testimony that
the ballot-box was placed in the basement of
a building used by the public and by the wit-
ness; that the ballot-box was placed there
upon the open floor; that the key was in an
unlocked desk in the same room; that there
were three unfastened windows communi-
cating with that room; that the doorway
leading to it could be approached by any
one without serious difficulty and without
attracting attention in the night season, and
even in the day-time; that this ballot-box,
with these ballots, was left in this room for
nearly three weeks between the official canvass
and the recount; that the ballots had been
meanwhile handled and torn by somebody;
and yet it is now claimed that the recount
should be adopted by the House as a substi-
tute for the official canvass. Could a more
dangerous and unwarrantable proposition be
submitted to the House?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, only
a few words have transpired in this debate
which I regret. I do not regret the remark
of the gentleman from Kentucky,[Mr. Ar-
thur,] that the evidence in this case would
convince any fair, honest rnind, because I
assume he did not mean to say that we who
differ from him do not differ from him fairly
and honestly. I assume it was his purpose
to say it would convince any fair and honest
mind exactly like his, and he meant no more.
The contestant, however, tells us he knows
he is entitled to the seat, and the contestee,
who does not choose to speak in this case,
knows he is not elected: and the contestant
says for himself he would scorn to occupy a
seat here unless elected by a majority of legal
votes. This imposes upon me a necessity to
explain briefly how very conscientious the
contestant is, a topic to which I did not intend
to allude, if he had been more modest and
more respectful to the House.
When he served his notice on the contestee
he notified him that, one point was the election
officers of several of the precincts where the
contestee had a majority of votes were unau-
thorized, not having the qualifications required
by law, which he claimed would exclude the
votes of those precincts. He had that much con-
scientiousness then. The contestee turned upon
him and notified him that extensively through-
out the preci nets where the contestant had a ma-
jority the same difficulty existed, and he would
insist upon the point also. The committee, and
I believe ail who examined it, believed that if
this point was sustained in favor of either of
them it would decide the case clearly in favor
of the contestee and against the contestant.
Seeing this state of affairs the contestant is
seized with a cramp of conscience and comes
in here and tells the House he would scorn to
take the seat unless by a majority of the votes
fairly cast.
Let me advert to another point, Mr. Speaker.
In the west precinct of Hendricks township,
Shelby county, the poll-lists were not certified
there by any officer, and the ballot-box was
not kept at all by any officer, but was left in
the house of a farmer. At that poll the con-
testant received, as the papers indicate, eighty-
nine majority, which were counted for him
iu certifying the seat for the contestee. Now,
neither was the ballot-box kept as required by
law, nor were these papers certified by any
officer, nor are the ballots produced so that
w can judge of them. I know of no rule
of judgment by which lean hold that the votes
of this poll should not be cast out, and if they
were cast out we might give the contestant
