824
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 2,
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
shire, and pay him such sum as shall be found
justly due for transporting three rebel lieuten-
ants of the Navy from the African squadron for
the suppression of the slave trade, from Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, to Fort La Fayette,
out of the fund for the suppression of the slave
trade.
Approved, March 14, 1872.
Chap. LXI.—An Act for the Relief of Ben-
jamin Vanniman.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue to Benjamin Vanniman, of
Greene county, Ohio, two ten-forty bonds for
five hundred dollars each, with interest cou-
pons, falling due after September first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, under act of Match
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, mlieu
of two ten-forty bonds of like amounts, with
coupons, &c., numbered four thousand three
hundred and twenty-two and four thousand
three hundred and twenty-three, issued under
said act, and which, as the property of said
Benjamin Vanniman, were, between the first
and fifteenth of September, eighteen hundred
and sixty four, destroyed by rats : Provided,
That be'ore issuing said new bonds, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall require a sufficient
bond of indemnity, securing the Government
against the presentation of the bonds alleged
to have been destroyed.
Approved, March 22, 1872.
Chap. LXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Pre-
emption Settlers in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all bona fide pre-
emption claimants who may have filed their
declaratory statememts, prior to the passage
of this act, upon any of the public lands in the
State of California, shall have one year from
and after the passage of this act in which to
make proof and payment of their respective
claims.
Approved, March 22, 1872.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act, granting a Pension to
Joseph Bryant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the tlnited Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Joseph Bryant, hue a
private in company E, fifiy fourth Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, and to pay him a pension
from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 22. 1872.
Chap. LXVII.—Ail Act granting a Pension
to George J. St. Louis.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative* of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. 'I hat ihe Secretary of the
Inteiior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitation of the pension
laws, the name of George J. St. L^uis, late a
private in company A, thirty-third regiment
Illinois volunteer mf.viitry, to take effect from
the passage of tins act.
Approved, March 27, 1872.
Ciiap. LXVIII. —An Act granting a Pension
to Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip Cog-
gins.
Beit enacted.by the Senate and lion se of Rep-
resentatives of ihe U  led States of America in j
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the 1,
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Mrs. Margaret Cog-
gins, widow of Philip Coggins, private of
company A, eleventh regiment Massachusetts
volunteers.
Approved, March 27, 1872.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Elizabeth H. Morgan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Elizabeth H. Morgan,
widow of Peleg \V. Morgan, late an ensign in
the United Stales Navy, and to pay her a
pension from and after the passage of this act,
during her widowhood.
Approved, March 27, 1872.
Chap. LXX.—An Act for the Relief of Miss
Keturah Cole.
Be it enacledby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue registered bonds of the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, dated July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, with
interest from July first, eighteen hundred and
seventy, to Miss Keturah Cole, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, in lieu of her five-tweniy coupon
bonds of a like amount, numbered one hundred
and twelve thousand seven hundred and forty-
six and one hundred and twelve thousand seven
hundred and forty-seven, for five hundred
dollars each, and one hundred fifty-two thou-
sand two hundred forty-nine, one hundred fifty-
two thousand two hundred and fifty, two hun
dred twenty-three thousand two hundred and
eight, two hundred twenty-three thousand two
hundred and nine, and two hundred twenty-
three thousand two hundred and ten, of one
thousand dollars each, which have been badly
mutilated by mildew, and parts of each bond
have been destroyed: Provided, That before
issuing said new bonds the Secretary of the
Treasurv shall require a sufficient bond of
indemnity, securing the Government against
the presentation of any missing portions of them
alleged to be destroyed; and shall also require
the remaining portions of said bonds to be
surrendered to the Treasury Department.
Approved, March 27, 1872.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Hannah Gray.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be. and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion iaws, the name of Hannah Gray, widow
of Thomas Giay, late a private in company P,
eleventh regiment Tennessee cavalry, and" the
mother of three children under sixteeu years
of age dependent on her for support.
Approved, March 20, 1872.
Chap. LXX VI.—An Act relating to the
Capture of the Albemarle.
Be it enacted by lite Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the prize case of
the rebel iron-clad man-of-war Albemarle
shall be taken up and re examined by the
proper United States court, that the captors
may obtain an appraisal such as is required by
the prize laws ot Congress.
Appp.oved, April 1, 1872.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act to pay William P.
Preston the sum therein mentioned.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be pai.d out of
the t'reasury of the United States, to William
P. Preston, the sum of fourteen hundred and
thirty-seven dollars and ninety-three cents, the
same being for his expenses in contesting the "
seat of J. M. Harris, of Maryland, in the
Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Approved, April 1, 1872.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Margaret Nyce.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized aud
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion law3, the name of Margaret Nyce, mother
of William Nyce, late a private in company
"K," of the one hundredth Ohio volunteers,
to take effect from the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved, April 2, 1872.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Thomas B. Valentine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the ninth circuit
court of the United States, of California, be,
and hereby is, authorized and required to hear
and decide upon the merits, the claim of
Thomas 13. Valentine, claiming title, under a
Mexican grant to Juan Miranda, to a place
called the Rancho Arroyo de San Antonio,
situate in the county of Sonoma, and State of
California, in the same manner, and with the
same jurisdiction, as if the claim to the said
tract of land had been duly presented to the
board of land commissioners under the provis-
ions of the act entitled " An act to ascertain
aud settle the private land claims in the State
of California," approved March third, eight-
een hundred and fifty-one, and an appeal had
been duly taken from their decision to the dis-
trict court of California, by the said Thomas
B. Valentine.
Seu. 2. That on the said hearing any testi-
mony heretofore taken before the said board
of commissioners, in relation to said claim on
behalf of the said claimant, or of the United
States, may be read, subject to all just excep-
tions to its competency ; and additional testi-
mony, on either part, may be taken, under the
order and direction of said circuit court, as to
the validity and extent of said claim.
Sec. 3. That an appeal shall betaken from the
final decision and decree of the said circuit court
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
by either party, in accordance with the provis-
ions of the tenth section of said act of March
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, within
six months after the rendition of such final de-
cision ; and a decree under the provisions of
this act, in favor of said claim, shall not affect
any adverse right or title to the lands described
in said decree ; but in lieu thereof, the claim-
ant, or his legal representatives, may select,
and shall be allowed, patents for an equal
quantity ofthe unoccupied and unappropriated
public lands of the United Sta<es, not mineral,
and in tracts not less than the subdivisions
provided for in the United States land laws,
and, if unsurveyed when taken, to conform,
when surveyed, to the general system of Uni-
ted States land surveys; and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, under the direction
of the Secretary of the interior, shall be
authorized to issue sciip. in legal subdivisions,
to the said Valentine, or his legal representa-
tives, in accordance with the provisions of this
