876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 7,
my way of doing business. I believe the
proper way to do things is to do them one at a
time, unless the work on one can be made to
help, not hinder, the work on the other.
I repeat, if the Senator's bill had been the
business in band, if the Senator's bill had been
before the Senate ou the report of a commit-
tee of the Senate and ready for the action of
the Senate, 1 would have gladly stood by his
side in voting for it. He knows it as well as
I do. He may say that the attachment of his
bill to the amnesty bill will secure votes to
the amnesty measure, that there are Senators
on this floor who will vote for the bill thus
amended who would not vote for it without
such amendment; but he knows, he must
know, I think it almost an insult to his intel-
ligence to doubt that he knows, that it will
lose two votes by that attachment where it will
gain one.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know it.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator does not,
it is because his sight is dimmed by the obscu-
rity of the glass behind which he persistently
takes his stand, and through which he chooses
to look.
I think the Senator must know what the
late of this bill when so amended will be in
the House of Representatives. I believe there
is not a Senator who imagines that the bill
thus amended can receive a two-thirds vote in
that House.
I am persistent for amnesty because I believe
it is required for the pacification of this coun-
try, but not, as I have had occasion to say
before, because I wish to be "generous" to
rebels, or even " conciliatory " to rebels. I
refuse to employ the term "generous" in this
connection. I refuse to talk about conciliating
rebels by amnesty. 1 never placed my advo-
cacy of amnesty upon any such ground, but
have always placed it upon the ground of
public policy. I do not conceive that the
rebels have done anything which makes them
" deserve" amuesty. I do not wish to give
it to to them because they deserve, but simply
because it is one of the best modes of pacifi-
eating this country. The Senator knows that
I have never taken any other view.
lie says I have been in season and out of
season 1'or amnesty. That is true. And then
he implies, almost asserts—I believe does
assert—that my voice has been feeble at all
times for human rights. Mr. President, I have
not that gift of speech which characterizes that
Senator. I have not made it my life's duty to
Bland before senates and parliaments and to
become a great and eloquent orator; but when-
ever I have had an opportunity to say a word
for the equality of all men before the law, I
have said it with all the force of which I was
possessed; I have said it with all the sincerity
which characterizes the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Whenever I have been called upon
or had an opportunity to cast a vote ill behalf
of human rights, in behalf of the equality of
all men before the law, I have cast it consist-
ently, regularly, never flinching on these great
questions. Nay, sir, as I had occasion at an-
other time to say, I have cast votes in that
interest when that Senator has failed to do so
from mortification or dissatisfaction that his
methods had not been adopted; and yet the
country has given the verdict that the Senate
was right.
Mr. President, this measure of amnesty, I
repeat, is the business in hand. Let us do it.
The measure of civil rights it, a measure which
has my earnest,^warm, and hearty support, I
believe I know it cannot pass attached to this
measure. I believe that three fourths of the
Senate know it cannot pass if attached to this
measure. 1 think the Senator from Massa-
chusetts lias said, not in his place in tlie Sou-
ate, but elsewhere, that if this amendment
were attached it would defeat amnesty. I
have been grossly misinformed unless that is
the fact.
Mr, SUMMER, Had not the Senator bet-
ter confine himself to what I say in debate,
without attributing to me something of which
he has no evidence?
Mr. SAWYER. I will certainly take the
Senator's disclaimer.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sure that tbe_ civil
rights bill cannot pass if its professed friends
speak and vote as the Senator from South Car-
olina. There I am discouraged ; but let the
Senator from South Carolina lead off now with
a generous word—he has the floor—for the
rights of his constituents, and I will be bound
that it can become a law very soon.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator knows that
it is utterly impossible, with my views, to do
that on this bill. He talks about generous
words for my constituents. TheSenator knows
that I feel as keenly and as sincerely for the
interests of my constituents as he can. I know
the wrongs which some of ipy constituents have
been subjected to better than he does. I know
the evils to be cured better than he does, be-
cause I live among the people who suffer from
them. I want a practical remedy, and I want
to bring it about at the earliest possible mo-
ment when it is practicable to accomplish it.
But, sir, it is useless for me to stand here
and speak further on this subject. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has chosen to con-
sider the remarks which I made a personal
attack upon him. They were intended in no
such sense. They were intended as a com-
ment upon the tone which ho has seen fit to
use in this debate, in which he has thrown, as
I conceive, altogether unmerited blame upon
those who choose to vote against the adoption
of his amendment. I still think so. Nothing
that the Senator has said has changed my
opinion in that regard. On the other hand,
the remark which he has made to-day more
than couvinces me that this tone has been per-
sistently and intentionally assumed. It is to
break down all opposition on the part of other
Senators to the particular method of doing the
business which he desires to accomplish rather
than to aid in passing this bill.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President,
I caunot vote for this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, you have
heard the Senator's last apology for not sus-
taining the rights of his constituents. He
cannot do it. Amnesty was the business, he
said; but is there not other business ? Are
not equal rights before the Senate also ? The
Senator shows precisely which of the two he
prefers. He speaks zealously for the one and
discountenances the other. lie tells us that
equal rights cannot be carried on the pending
bill. I reply, it cannot be carried if its friends
speak and act as the Senator. Let him set a
different example and all will be safe. If the
measure for equal rights fails it will be because
professed friends act as the Senator from
South Carolina. Thatwill account for the loss.
Only in that way can this great measure be
lost. If unhappily lost, the Senator from
South Carolina must be prepared to take his
full share of the responsibility.
The Senator misses no occasion to exalt
amnesty, pleading for it at the expense of
equal rights. Let him for one moment appeal
for equal rights, even at the expense of am-
nesty. Sir, I am for equal rights first; the
Senator is for equal rights second, and in some
strange, undeveloped way, by some method
which he knows the secret of, but which others
do not.
Mr. SAWYER. Pardon me; I am for the
Senator's bill; that is the method I point out.
Mr. SUMNER. I never before heard the
Senator was in favor of my bill.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to inform the
Senator that if he had done me the honor to
listen to me on a former occasion—he has
been good enough to inform me to-day that I
was never in his mind 
Mr. SUMNER. I listened to every word
of the Senator.
Mr. SAWYER. I regret that I did not
secure his attention to some remarks I had
the honor to submit to the Senate in which I
stated distinctly that I was for the Senator's
bill.'
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator used some
generality in that connection which I will not
undertake to quote, and if he refers to the
printed speech he will find it so. I do not
wish to criticise the Senator, but I invite him
to refer to his speech iu the Globe, and I think
he will find that I have not done him injustice.
I did listen to that speech, every word of it,
and I regretted it; and I think the Senator
will regret it. I do not complain of his injus-
tice to me; but I remind him of it. I had
said nothing of him beyond what was rigidly
necessary iu introducing the evidence com-
municated to me from his State, and I said it
with infinite reluctance. I gave him notice in
advance, and told him I should add lio word
beyond what was necessary in stating the case.
But the Senator sometime afterward came here
with a written harangue which seemed to be
composed largely with the idea of assailing
me. It was an assault ou me, for what he
called my "methods," aud he put forward
the paradox that I was endangering the equal
rights of the colored race. Did ho cxpect to
make his constituents believe that? I know
not why he should introduce it into his
speech except on such expectation; but the
Senator does injustice to the intelligence of
his constituents. They will not believe what
the Senator says when he asserts that the
earnest effort I have been making in this Cham-
ber has imperiled the cause of the African
race. They are too intelligent to believe any
such thing, even at the instigation of the Sen-
ator. He cannot make them believe it. How
strange that this should be put forth 1 Why,
sir, the debate of the last few weeks has done
more than all else to advance the cause which
the Senator says I imperil. Never before have
I been able to secure attention to the cause in
the form it now assumes. Thank God! It is
at last before the Senate and the country, but
no thanks to the Senator.
I do not wish to protract this discussion. I
should not have said a word except for this
second assault the Senator has chosen to make
upon me. We have had assault number one ;
here is assault number two. You will judge
whether he has taken much by his effort.
And now I appeal to the Senator once again
to speak for equal rights. Let him show him-
self one tenth as earnest for this great cause
as for amnesty; let him give one tenth of him-
self to equal rights instead of all to amnesty.
That is the little I ask.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of entering into a general dis-
cussion of this question. I have paid some
attention to the remarks of the Senator from
South Carolina, and some attention to the criti-
cism upon them by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I understand that the Senator from
South Carolina represents a constituency where
there is a desire on the part of many for the
passage of the amnesty bill. I understand that
he also represents a large constituency anx-
ious for the passage of a civil rights bill. I
believe the Senator from South Carolina to be
a man of common sense. He understands that
his constituency who need the benefit of the
amnesty bill must be relieved by the passage
of that bill by two thirds of this Senate or they
fail. He knows that that part of his constit-
uency who are interested in the civil rights
bill can go through the Senate with a bare
majority of its votes. In my view, therefore,
if he is the friend of the colored man, he must
be anxious to save hiin from the necessity of
lobbying the Senate until he has secured two
thirds of all its votes. If the Senator from
South Carolina desired to turn his back upon
the interests and the rights of his colored con-
