3564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. BROOKS. Before we proceed from
the paragraph in relation to paper, I move to
add to the substitute which has been adopted
the following proviso:
Provided, That the duty on printing paper,whether
sized or unsized, shall be equal, and twenty per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that will not be
adopted.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Brooks; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 73, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. t)AWES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 80, noes 78.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELDON. I move to amend by
adding: "on vermuth, forty per cent, ad
valorem
The CHAIRMAN. As there is no oppor-
tunity for explanation of amendments as they
are offered, the Chair requests the committee
to preserve order.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] to make it a
specific duty of some kind.
Mr. SYPHER. This is an article not very-
well understood. I ask a paper be read in
explanation.
Mr. DAWES. There will be no trouble
about it. if he makes the duty specific.
Mr. SHELDON. We cannot do that.
Mr. DAWES. Very well then ; I do not
object to an ad valorem, duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move to add the following:
Be it enacted, &c., That all laws and parts of laws
requiring that ail duties on imports shali be paid in
gold be, and they are hereby, so far modi fied that
hereafter one half of all ductes on imports may bo
paid, by the individual or corporation paying the
. same, to the proper collecting officer of the United
States of such import duties, in the legal-tender
notes of the United States, and the other half of the
duties which are required by law to be paid by such
person or corporation shall be paid in gold ; and all
laws and parts of laws now in force are repealed so
far as they come in conflict with the provisions of
this act.
Mr. DAWES. I think that amendment is
not in order at this place. I make the point
of order on it.
Mr. BECK. I think it is in order. We have
passed the tariff part of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. No, we have not yet got to
the close of it.
Mr. BECK. We have to all matters impos-
ing duty.
Mr. DAWES. I have some amendments
here.
Mr. BECK. To this part of the bill?
Mr. DAWES. I have two or three amend-
ments which the gentleman knows of.
Mr. BECK. I will reserve my amendment,
then, till we come to the close of the tariff
sections.
Mr. DAWES. It may be in order, I think,
the last thing on the bill. The gentleman
must wait until then.
Mr. BECK. I will ifit does not lose its place.
Mr. DAWES. I do not knowit is in order,
but I suppose it is in order the last thing.
I now move the following amendment:
On mustard ground, in bulk, ten cents per pound;
when inclosed in glass or tin, fourteen cents per
pound.
I move this from the Committee of Ways
and Means. We propose to put mustard seed
on the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. From the committee ?
Mr. DAWES. I am not authorized to say
it is from the committee:
On Zaote or other currants, one cent per pound;
on figs, two and a half cents per pound ; on raisins,
two and a half cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment from the committee:
Insert after the word " acetic," line fifty-eight,
page 4, these words: "acetous or pyroligneous of
specific gravity of 1.047 or loss; " and in line fifty-
eight, page 4. insert after the word " pound " these
words: " acetic, acetous, and pyroligneous, of spe-
cific gravity over 1.047, tnirty cents per pound; " so
that the paragraph will then read as follows:
On acids, namely, acetic, acetous, and pyrolig-
neous, of specific gravity of 1.047 or less, five cents
per pound; acetic, acetous, and pyroligneous, of
specific gravity over 1.047, thirty cents per pound;
carbolic, liquid, ten per cent, ad valorem ; gallic, one
dollar per pound; sulpuhric, fuming, (Nordhausen,)
one cent per pound; tannic, one dollar per pound;
tartaric, ten cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Now, as pending the first
amendment I move the following amendment :
Mustard seed, brown and white, free of duty.
That puts mustard seed upon the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I offer the following amend-
ment :
On all copper imported in the form of ores,
two and one half centson each pound of fine copper
contained therein; on all regulus of copper, and on
block or coarse copper, three cents on each pound
of fine copper contained therein; on all old copper, fit
only for remanuf.tcture, three and one half cents
per pound; on all copper in plates, bars, ingots,
pigs, and in other forms not manufactured or herein
enumerated, including sulphate of copper or blue
vitriol, four cents per pound ; on copper in rolled
plates, called braziers' copper, sheets, rods, pipes,
and copper bottoms, and all manufactures of copper,
or of which copper shall be a component of chief
value, not otherwise herein provided for, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that, the amendment
be again reported. Inasmuch as there is no
opportunity for debate, I think the attention
of the House should be clearly directed to it
by its being read again.
Mr. KERR. It is a portion of the original
bill of the committee.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. KELLOGG. I suggest a modification
of the gentleman's amendment, which I pre-
sume he will accept. After the words " all
manufactures of copper " I propose to insert
the words " including percussion caps." The
duly on alcohol makes the price of this article
higher.
Mr. KERR. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. CONGER. I object to debate, unless
there can be debate on the general proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CONGER. I make the point of order
on this amendment that this proposition has
already been considered in Committee of the
Whole, and has been rejected.
Mr. KERR. That is not a point of order.
The amendment of Mr. Kellogg to the
amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Kerb's amend-
ment, as amended.
The committee divided; aud there were—
ayes 76, noes 77.
Mr. KERR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerr and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 78, noes 65.
So theamendmentas amended was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to reconsider the
last vote.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONGER. Then I give notice to these
gentlemen that I will have a vote upon it.
Mr. KERR. I object to that sort of talk.
Mr. CONGER. I give notice that I shall
desire a separate vote on this amendment in
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman can give
notice in the House.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I offer the following
amendment:
On gunny-clotb, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BECK. I submit that that amendment
is not in order. We have passed the para-
graph which includes the duty on gunny-cloth.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I did not hear what the
point of order was. Will the Chair please to
state it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order was
that the amendment was germane to a para-
graph which the committee has passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Gunny-cloth is not men-
tioned in the bill.
Mr. BECK, The gentleman is mistaken,
as he will find by referring to the paragraph
commencing line twenty-six, section two.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has sus-
tained the point of order.
Mr. FRYE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On emery ore, six dollars per ton, and on emery
grains, two cents per pound.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 44, noes 63; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Frte and Mr. Kerr were
appointed.
Mr. KERR. Let the amendment be again
read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. DAWES. That was the duty before
the tariff of 1870.
Mr. KERR. Emery ore is now free.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 74, noes 71.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
On preserved or condensed milk, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I rise to a point of order.
Does that not relate to a subject we have
already passed upon ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
recollect any paragraph already passed to
which this is germane. He will rule on the
point of order if the gentleman will direct his
attention to such a paragraph.
The question being taken on Mr. Farks-
worth's amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
On fire-crackers,onedoflar per box of forty packs,
not exceeding eighty to each pack, and in the same
proportion for any greater or less number.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On meal of oats, one cent per pound; so that it
may be the same as flour of wheat.
This is merely to make the duty on oatmeal
equal to the duty on wheat flour.
Mr. KERR. It is an increase of duty, and
on a necessary of life.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes thirty-four, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BECK. I offer the following as an
additional section, to come in immediately
after this section:
And be it further enacted, That all laws and parts
of laws requiring that all duties on imports shall be
paid m gold be, and they are hereby, so far modified
that hereafter one half of all duties on imports may
be paid by the individual or corporation paying the
same to the proper collecting officer of the United
States of such import duties in legal-tender notes of
the United States, and the other half of the duties
which are required by law to be paid by such person
or corporation shall be paid in gold, andall lawsand
parts of laws now in force are repealed so far as they
come in conflict with the provisions of this act.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he move to insert that at the end of the
tariff portion of the bill.
Mr. BECK. This is the end of a paragraph,
and I want a vote on it now.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
and it is that the seventh section of the bill,
which extends and changes the law in regard
to the duty on ribbon, making larger and more
comprehensive provisions, is a provision fixing
