1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
42b Cong. ... 2d Sbss.
act: 1'rovi'h-d, That no decree in favor of
gai'i Ya!«-Mi'.i- i-hull Ijf executed nor be of any
force or eflVct against auy person or persons;
nor shall land scrip or patents issue as here-
inbefore provided, unless the said Valentine
shall firnt execute and deliver to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Oslice a deed con-
veying to the United States all his right, title,
and interest to tbe lauds covered by said
Miranda grant.
Approvkd, April 5, 1&72.
Chap. XCII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Frederick A. Gariick, of Cortland County,
New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resetdatices of the United State? of America in
Congress assembled, 1'liat the Secretary of the
interior he, arid he is hereby, directed to place
tbe name of Frederick A. Gariick, of Cort-
land county. New York, upon the pension-
roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month,
to commence from the passage of this act.
Approved, April'.i, 1k"2.
j Chap. XCVIII.—An Act granting a Pension
| Margaret Lee.
| Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
i resentatives of the United. States of America in
; Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
I Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
; directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
! to to the provisions and limitations of the
; pension laws, the name of Margaret Lee,
I mother of David Lee, late a private in com-
] pany B, fourteenth Ohio volunteers, and to
| pay her a pension from and after the passage
of this act.
! Approved, April 12, 1872.
Chap. XCI1I.—An Act granting a Pension to
William 11. Bridges.
Beit enacted hy the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States of America in
Congress atsembted, That the Secretary ot the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to tbe provisions an«l limitations of the pension
laws, the name of William H. Bridges, late a
private in company A, fourteenth Indiana vol-
unteers, and to pay him a pension from the
passage of this act.
Approved, April 9, 1872.
: Chap. C.—An Act for the Relief of Battelle
j and Evans.
j Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
■ resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Court of Claims
1 is hereby authorized and directed to again
; take up, hear, and pass upon the claim of Bat-
j telle and Evans, for cattle and beef sold and
| delivered by them to the United States for the
. use of the Army, in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, which claim is in suit in said
! court; and said suit shall be adjudged upon
i its merits, and without respect to *h.e lapse of
■ six years since the cause of action accrued,
but within six years since the final decision of
; the accounting officers thereon.
! Approved, April 15, 1872.
Chap. XCIY.—An Act granting a Pension to
Sarah Whiting,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress atsembkd, That the Secretary of the
Interior tie, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisionsand limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Sarah Whiting, widow of
Joseph B. Whiting, late a second lieutenant in
the twenty-sixth regiment Massachusetts vol-
unteers.
Approved, April 1), 1S72.
Chap. XCV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Captain Henry M. Scott.
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That tbe Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, auihonzed and
directed to place on the pension-roil, subject
to tbe provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Henry M. Scott, late a
captain in company "A," seventeenth regi-
ment iif Indiana xolunteers, to take effect
from [he passage of this act.
Approvu), April u, 1872.
Chap. CI.—An Act for the Belief of P. B.
Brayton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and hereby is, authorized and directed
to credit (as of the twenty-fourth day of May,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-eight)
to F. B. Brayton, postmaster of Mount Morris,
Ogle county, in the State of Illinois, the sum
of three hundred and fifteen dollars, in con-
sideration of the loss of that amount in post-
age-stamps robbed from his post office in
Mount Morris, without his fault or negligence.
Approved, April 16, 1872.
Ciur.XCVH.—An Act placing the name of
1 heodori- S. Co.uparet on the Pension-lloll.
Be it i'iiiii ted by the Senate and Hnuseo f Rep-
resentatives of the t tiited States oj America in
Congress assttnbled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, directed to place
on the peusi.ni-roll the name of 1 tieodore 8.
Compare!, late first lieutenant and quarter-
master of the one hundred and forty-second
idiana volunteers, at the rate, of twelve dol-
rs and seventy-five cents per month, subject
• l he conditions and limitations of the pension
ws, and to commence on the passage of this
:t.
Approvki), April 12, 1s72.
Chap. CV.—An Act for the Relief of James
f. Johnston, of Alexandria, Virginia,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That to remedy an error
of tact in a certain bill (H. R. No. 1867) for
the relief of James T. Johnston, which here-
tofore passed both Houses at the present session
of Congress, and was returned April first,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, by the
President, of the United States, without his
approval, on account of such error, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be authorized and directed
to pay to James T. Johnston, of Alexandria,
Virginia, out of any money in the Treasury
: not otherwise appropriated, the amount or the
! proceeds of the sale for taxes due to the
: United States, without interest, ot jot number
■ one hundred and sixty-two, on Prince street,
1 Alexandria, Virginia, less all taxes, costs,
: and legal charges; said sale having been made
by the tax commissioners of the United States
' under the laws for the collection of direct
taxes. _
| Approved, April li, Ibi-.
I cmr. CVI.—An Act to confirm the Title
1 of" John "Boyer to certain Lands therein
i described.
1 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of hep-
\ resentatives of the United States of Amenca vi
li Congress assembled, 'lhat the title o
Boyer to the south half of northwest quarter
and northeast quarter of southwest quarter of
section thirty-four, township thirty-three, range
twenty-eight west, one hundred and twenty
acres, in the district of lands subject to loca-
tion at Springfield, Missouri, be, and is here-
by, confirmed ,• and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall cause to be issued to the said John
Boyer a patent for said land on bounty-land
warrant location thirty-nine thousand five hun-
dred and twenty-six, one hundred and twenty
acres, act March third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, first correcting the location papers
and records to cover the aforesaid tracts.
Approved, April 17, 1872.
Chap. CYII.—An Act for the Relief of George
H. Rupp.
Beitenacted by the Senateand Hotiseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to George H. Rupp, of Ohio,
or his legal representative, out of any money
in the Treasury Department not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of one hundred dollars;
which payment shall be in full of his claims
for loss of United States Paymaster Vrooman's
check, number four thousand seven hundred
and thirteen, stolen from the United States
mails, but never presented for payment: Pro-
vided, That before the payment of the above-
named sum, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall require from the said George H. Rupp a
sufficient bond of indemnity against the future
presentation of the above-named check.
Approved, April 17, 1872.
Chap. CVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Slu-
man S. Bailey, Collector of Internal Reve-
nue for the Fourth District of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized, in
adjusting tbe accounts of Sluman S. Bailey,
collector of internal revenue for the fourth
district of Michigan, to eredit him with the
sum of one thousand seven hundred and fifty-
two dollars and twenty-three cents, that being
the amount of money not recovered which was
stolen from the safe of Leach and Bates, of
Grand Traverse county, Michigan, on the
night of September twenty-third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and which said money
was deposited for safe-keeping therein by Wil-
liam H. Fife, deputy collector of internal rev-
enue, and for which amount said collector
Sluman S. Bailey is responsible to the Treas-
ury of the United States: Provided, That it
shall then still appear that the theft of said
money was without the collusion, privity, or
fault of the said collector.
Approved, April 17, 1872.
Chap. CIX— An Act for the Relief of Peck,
Van Hook, and Company.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to remit and release to Peck, v au
Hook, and Company, of Harrison county,
State of Kentucky, the internal revenue tax
of fifty cents a gallon assessed on twenty-three
thousand one hundred and twentj-uine
Ions of whiskey, in bond in their warehouse,
at Cvnthiana, Kentucky, and before sale de
stroved by fire on the twenty-fourth day ot
June, eighteen hundied and sixty-nine.
Approved, April 17, 1872.
