1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to settle, whether a motion to lay a conference
report on the table is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [ Mr, Hoar ] has raised the
question which the Chair foreshadowed this
morning during those differences which have
now happily passed away. Although but a
few moments of the session remain, the Chair
desires to state that the reason he has uni-
formly declined to entertain a motion to lay a
conference report on the table is that if such
a report be laid on the table the bill is laid ori
the table, and there is no opportunity left for
the House and the Senate to have a second
conference.
Mr. BANKS. Such a motion is never
allowed. The proceeding upon a conference
report is one between the two Houses, and it
does not admit of dilatory motions.
Mr.PERCE. I understand, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOAR. I hope the House will vote on
the question without any delay.
Mr. BANKS. The appeal ought not to be
entertained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
it if the gentleman from Massachusetts will
not push it to a call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOAR. I will not.
Mr. BANKS. 1 move to lay the appeal on
the table.
The motion of Mr. Basks was agreed to;
there being—-ayes 98, noes 2o.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid, on the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
The report was agreed to ; there being—ayes
88, noes 34.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 1164) appropriating $10,000
for a statue of General John A. Rawlins.
pacific railroad.
Mr. SYPHER, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, presented a report in writing;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Got.ham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
appointed Mr. Edmunds and Mr. Stockton'
a committee to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House to wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States and inform him that,
unless he may have some further communica-
tion to make, the two Houses afe ready to
adjourn, ih pursuance of their concurrent res-
olution, at nine o'clock p. m. this day.
committee to wait on tub .president. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
appointed on the part of the House to join, a
similar committee of the Senate to wait upon
the President of the United States and inform-
him that the two Houses are ready to adjourn,
have p.erformed that duty ; and the President
directs us to notify the House that he has no
further communication to make.
tariff and tax law.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Besolved, That there be compiled and printed
under the direction of the Secretary of the .Treasury.
five thousand copies of the tariff and tax. law, of
which three thousand copie's shaft be for the use of
the House of Representatives, and two thousand
copies for the Treasury Department.
leave to,print.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Georgia, Mr. Yoose, asks leave (which, if
there be no objection, will be granted) to have
printed certain remarks in the Globe.
There was so objection. [See Appendix]
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. HOLMAN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Committee of
Claims papers in the case of H. P. Deninans.
Mr. McGREW asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Samuel M. Mullens.
Mi-. KELLOGG asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers of Calista E. Cox, relating to her
application for an extension of letters-patent.
jedidiah GHAT.
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2986) granting an
increase of pension to Jedidiah Gray ; which
was read a first and second time. "
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-rollthfe name of Jedidiah Gray,
at an increase of pension of two dollars per
month, to be paid froAi and after the passage
of this act, making the full pension of eight
dollars a month.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
insurrectionary states.
Mr, STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the financial condition of the late
insurrectionary States. [See Appendix.]
treatment oe prisoners of war.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe some
remarks on the treatment of prisoners of war.
[See Appendix.]
trbadwell s. eyre.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Treadwell S. Eyre.
j. k. trimblb.
On motion of Mr, ARCHER, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the'House of the papers in the case of J. R.
Trimble.
leave to print.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, was granted leave to print in the
Globe some remarks. [See Appendix.]
thanks to the speaker.
Mr. NI BLACK took the Chair as Speaker
pro tempore.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit the following
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due,
and are hereby tendered, to James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House, for the able, prompt, ana
impartial manner in which he has discharged the
duties of his office during the present session.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu-
tion has been unanimously adopted. [Great
applause.]
The SPEAKER. The hour having arrived
fixed by concurrent resolution of the two
Houses for the adjournment of Congress, in
pursuance of that resolution, as Speaker of the
House, I now declare the House of Representa-
tives ' for the second session of the Forty-
Second Congress adjourned without day; and
I wish you, one and all, gentlemen, a safe and
happy return to your homes and families and
friends. [Great applause.]
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees :
By Mr. READ: The petition of William
Hancock, of Adair county; Kentucky,' asking
a pension for services rendered in the' war
of 1812 with Great Britain.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The remonstrance J: T. McClellan,* "William
H. Ramsey, J. E. Butler, and' 30 others,
citizens of Pennsylvania, against an altera-,
tion of the Constitution of the United States
so as to allow a person of foreign birth to be
made President of the United States.'.' ' '
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Joseph
San Roman, of Texas, praying that a certain
judgment of the United States Court of Claims,
rendered December, 1860, be paid in coin, with
interest.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of Gabrillar
P. Moody for pension.
By Mr. MANSON: The petition of Mrs.
Albin F. Owen, widow of Dr. J. R,* Owen,
praying the speedy enactment by Congress of
a law granting her a pension.
By Mr. McJUNKIN : The petition of Mary
Sproal, praying the passage of an act granting
her arrears of pension.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Wade
Hopkins, heir of Colonel David Hopkins,
praying for the half pay of David Hopkins as
colonel in the war of the Revolution, and also
for reimbursement for moneys advanced by
David Hopkins in aid of the war.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of West ley
Jones, of Pickens county, Georgia, who lost
both hands by an accident while in the employ
of the United States, praying a pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 10, 1872.
The Senate met at eight o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. TIPTON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska objects, and the Journal
will be read.
The Journal of the proceedings of Satur-
day last was read and approved.
committees during recess.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask permission to
make a statement which will take but "one
moment. It is thought by the Committee oh
the Revision of the Laws' in the'House of
Representatives that the House committee
and the Senate committee should meet at
some time during the recess and spend a week
or two, if necessary, in examining the codifi-
cation which has been made of the laws,
fearing that these committees will not be able
to discharge that duty properly during the
session. It is an irksome duty, and certainly
I cannot say that the committee invites it;
but upon the suggestion of the committee in
the other House I feel bound to make the
motion to the Senate that the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws have authority to sit
at some time during the vacation for a week
or two, or whatever period may be necessary
to go over the work of the codifiers. If there
is any objection I will not make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York moves that the Commit-
tee on the Revision of the Laws be allowed to
sit during the recess.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am requested by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to make 9. similar
request, that the Committee on Appropria-
tions have leave to sit during the month of
November.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Wade Hopkins, of Mississippi, sole surviving
heir of Colonel David Hopkins, late of South
Carolina, deceased, praying for commutation
