1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3565
duties, and therefore tbis provision cannot
come in until that provision with the other
duties have been passed by.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
that point of order, although he thinks that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky would be more appropriate at the end
of the tariff part of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky by substituting "one third"
where he says "half," so as to provide that
one third may be paid in legal tender, and in
the other place to insert "two thirds" in
lieu of " half."
Mr. BECK. I am satisfied that that is as
good as I can get, and I accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The committee, I pre-
sume, have something to do with it.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to offer a sub-
stitute for that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Before the question is put,
is not a motion to insert a rate in the section
now under discussion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, unless the gen-
tleman from Kentucky withdraws his motion.
Mr. DAWES. I have a single item which
I wish to insert.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman can put that
in afterward.
Mr. DAWES. Can it be put in afterward ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes so.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky:
That from and after the passage of this act it shall
be lawful to pay duties 011 imports in the notes of
cold banks duly organized under the laws of the
United States.
The amendment of Mr. Sargent was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Beck's
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I am confused about the
rules of the House, but it seems to me that
if we insert a new section at the end of this
section it will be impossible to go back and
insert anything in this section.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
before them the last paragraph of section two,
for the text of which a substitute has been
adopted, but amendments are still in order.
The question was put on Mr. Beck's
amendment; and there were—ayes 89, noes 68.
Mr. DAWES culled for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and
Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 92, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to add to the
amendment just adopted the following:
Ptovided, That the notes of national banks re-
quired by law to be redeemed in gold may be re-
ceived for import duties.
Mr. KERR. That is all right.
Mr. SARGENT. It is all right because
the Government guaranties the issue of these
b^nks
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend theamend-
ment by adding to ifc the following:
And provided further, That this section shall not
take effect until the national currency and gold are
at par.
Mr. SARGENT. Let my amendment stand
upon its own merits.
Mr. DAWES. Very well ; I will withdraw
my amendment for the present.
The amendment moved by Mr. Sargent
was then agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to further
amend by adding the following:
And provided further. That the provisions of this
section shall not go into effect until the national
currency shall be atpsirwith gold.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
would merely nullify what we have done.
The-question was then taken on the-amend-
ment moved by Mr. Dawes; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 74, noes 85.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LYNCH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Beck were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 65, noes 92.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
by inserting before the section last adopted
the following:
On type, type-metal, and stereotype-plates, ten
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to
amend the amendment so as to put these arti-
cles on the free list.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can
accomplish his object by voting down this
amendment, and then moving to insert the
articles on the free list when that portion of
the bill is reached.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking
out "ten" and inserting "five" as the rate
per cent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
for the information of the committee that he
does not understand that the committee passes
from a paragraph so as to preclude amend-
ment until the Clerk has commenced reading
the next paragraph of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I think we had better finish
with the banks before we go into the type.
Mr. DAWES. We will want the type to
print the greenbacks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] which he is aware is the best,
if the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bi.airJ
will withdraw his amendment for the present
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will withdraw
my amendment with the understanding that I
shall have an opportunity hereafter to offer it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will endeavor
to give the gentleman an opportunity.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to add
the following to the additional section just
adopted :
And this provision shall not continue in force
after any increase shall he authorized by law in the
present volume of United States Treasury notes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. I do not see what we have to do here
with limiting the effect of future legislation
upon the issuance of Treasury notes. It is not
germane at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is perfectly
germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The amendment is ger-
mane ; it is for the committee to judge of the
propriety-of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by adding to it:
Nor shall any new bank he incorporated until the
present bank notes are at par with gold.
Mr. BINGHAM. I raise the point of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is not germane
to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 will
modify my amendment, so as to provide that
this provision shall not go into force until a
law is passed to prevent any new national
bank being organized.
The CHAIRMAN. That does not render it
any more germane.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I move to add to
the amendment the words "unless said issue
of Treasury notes is made to retire five-twenty
bonds of the United States."
Mr. RANDALL. I would also suggest to
include "three per cent, certificates."
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfiei.d] to in-
clude in his amendment the words " except as
to gold notes."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is not
necessary; gold notes are not Treasury notes.
Mr. SARGENT. They are not Treasury
notes, but as they are equivalent to gold, they
ought not to be excluded ; the issue of Treas-
ury notes is increased.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will accept
the amendment, and modify my amendment
accordingly.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Whitthokne ; and it
was not agreed to, upon a division—ayes
thirty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by adding the following:
And provided further. That this last proviso shall
not talie effect till national banks redeem their
notes at par in gold.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise a point
of order that the amendment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Buti.er, of Massachusetts, it was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Gakkibi,d, of Ohio; and being taken,
there were—aves 62, noes 80.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Whitthobnb were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 46, noes 76.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
by adding the following :
And this provision shall not bo in force ontil one
year from the passage of this act.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes 31, noes 09.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. IIOAR. I move to amend by adding
the following:
Provided, That ono third of all notes so received
shall bo withdrawn from circulation, and tho paper
currency shall bo diminished in amount to the extent
of such payment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that the amendment is not germane.
Mr. HOAR. It proposes to provide what
shall be done with the money paid in.
Mr. FARNSWORI'lI. It proposes to regu-
late the disposition of the currency.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. A provision fixing the sort of
money in which customs shall be paid would be
germane to the purpose of the bill ; but the
Chair does not think it germane to go on and
arrange what shall be done with the currency
when paid in.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the followingamend-
ment to come in before the section last adopted:
On plate rIiiis. ninety per cent, of the duties and
rates ofduty now imposed by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair requests the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
to withhold that amendment for a moment, as
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bi.aiit] pro-
posed sometime ago an amendment which ho
withdrew in order to allow other propositions
to be acted on.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to inquire
of the Chair whether, if my amendment should
be adopted, a motion would afierwatd be in
order to place on the free list the articles
named?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide
that point when it arises.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Missouri
had better present his amendment now.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
by inserting "on type, type-metal, and stereo-
type-plates, ten per cent, ad valorem."
