1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
stitnents, he could do so by saying to them,
" Gentlemen, you shall not get through this
Senate until you secure two thirds of the whole
Senate; you might get through with a bare
majority, and that would be easy for you to
obtain; but I say that I have so little regard
for your interests that, I will require you to
carry not only a majority but two thirds."
Sir, I venture the assertion in the presence
of the Senate to-day, that the intelligent,
anxious colored population of South Carolina
will sustain that Senator in carrying them
through tlie Senate on a majority vote, and not
compelling them to run the risk of getting two
thirds. If I were a constituent of his who
needed thebenetit of a civil rights bill, I would
tell him, l; Sir, do not dare to tie my interests
up with a bill that has to carry a two-thirds
vote;" and I would brand liim as ray enemy
if he dared to do it. I believe that is a plain,
practical, common sense view of this question.
But, sir, if I, as a Senator here, desired to
defeat the cause of my colored constituents,
and wished to do it without seeming to do it,
I would say to them, " Gentlemen, I propose
that you shall carry the heavier load, and then
you will feel how comfortable and sweet it is
to enjoy the privileges that you shall wring
from two thirds, although you might have
secured them from a majority."
Mr. President, in my humble opinion the
Senator from South Carolina is taking the
very course that is stamped by common sense
and practical utility. Is there nothing to in- ,
ducehim to take this position? He says he j
is willing to vote for everything in the amend- \
merit of the Senator from Massachusetts that !
he believes to be in accordance with the Coil- ;
stitution. The Senator from South Carolina
lenows very well tliat the original civil rights
bill, which I now hold in my hand, is supposed
to co>*er the whole wants of the colored popu-
lation of the country, with the advantage of
an appeal to the courts ot the United States
to-day. The Senator from South Carolina
knows further that the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Frbusghutsex] ha* pointed out
in the original amendment what be considers
to be dangerous if not very doubtful clauses.
The Senator from South Carolina understands
with what ability the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Cawkntkk] pointed out what he also
thought were unconstitutional provisions of that
amendment. The Senator irom South CaroHna
understands also how the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] this morning entered hispro-
test against a part of that original amendment.
The Senator from South Carolina has a right,
therefore, if he is able to comprehend anything,
to suppose that there is more or less of danger
lurking around the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts; and therefore, having tile
interests of his colored constituents in his eye,
he desires to pass their bill witli a bare major-
ity, which he believes they have to-day on the
floor of the Senate, and then to leave the ex-
rebel to get his two-thirds vote in the Senate
if he can. If I were in the Senator s place,
therefore, I would triumphantly and boldly go
to my constituent' and ssy. 111 left you, iny
colored constituents, standing on your rights,
to pass the Senate under a majority: I held
the men whom you fought on the battle-Geld
to their legal and constitutional responsibili-
ties, and left them to go through in such a way
as they could under a two-thirds vote oi the
Senate.1'
This, sir, is the view I have honestly held
on the subject, and von have it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, tMr. Ax-
thoxy.) The question is on the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I .should like to have the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr, NORWOOD. I rise to ask whether the
objections of the Senator from Kansas were
withdrawn ; in other words, whether the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was allowed to accept !
the amendment suggested by the Senator from '
Ohio?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts did accept the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio, but
the yeas and nays had been ordered upon it,
and the Senator from Iowa objected to the
withdrawal, and the question must now be
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. NORWOOD. I understood the objec-
i tion came from the Senator from Kansas. ii
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was the j!
| Senator from Iowa. The question is on the jj
i amendment to the amendment, upon which j;
! the yeas and nays have been ordered. jj
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, it is not ]j
i my purpose to delay the Senate long with a :j
: dissertation on this subject. The honorable lj
j Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsos] !|
I appealed to me to withdraw my objection to ;
: the proposition made by his colleague [Mr.
. Suxkeu] to accept the amendment proposed ;i
| by the Senator from Ohio, on the ground, as I ;j
| understood him, that it would teud to strength- jj
; en the bill. I wish to say on that point that it
! would not strengthen it with ine, and on that <
! account I interposed my objection. I now ,
I understand from the Senator himself, as ex- ;
, pressed in a quiet voice in his seat, that it
] would not strengthen the bill with him. I ;
i understood also from his colleague that he with j!
I very great reluctance yielded bis own judg-
' ment, and acquiesced in that of friends who 1
appealed to him to accept the amendment. I
As far, therefore, as I can learn from expres- |
sions of opinion around me in the Chamber I
am induced to think the honorable Senator (
: from Massachusetts is laboring under a delu- |
" sion, in supposing that the acceptance of j
this amendment would strengthen the bill.
;• And this accords with my apprehension of
the nature of the original bill itself. It is !
called an amnesty bill, but in point of fact
: wrouglv named. It ought to be called a bill >
■. to enable certain classes of rebels, who are ,
' now excluded tinder the provisions of the Con- ,
stitution of the United States, to hold office, j
If I understand the subject, that is all there is ;
in the original bill—nothing else whatever but !
1 to enable certain classes of rebels to hold 1
: office who are now excluded by the provisions '
;| of the Constitution of the United States; and :
'j this is called amnesty, and is the foundation '
i for the earnest and pathetic appeals we have
^ heard here from day to day in favor of the •
!; passage of the original bill without amend- 1
' ment. ' ;
1 What is the substance of the amendment
!> proposed by the honorable Senator from Mas-
;! sachusetts, [Mr. Scmxer?] Not to defeat
' the original proposition, not to prevent a ma-
joritv of two thirds of the Senate, if they
; should so desire, to relax the rule in relation
to holding office on the part of rebels now
. excluded, but to couple that measure with one
: to secure equal justice to a large number of
| citizens deprived ot civil rights by the local
' laws in certain States, enacted and enforced
; by the men whom it is proposed to relieve from
their disability to hold offices by the passage
•: t>f this bill. In granting a boon to criminals,
. he would do justice to innocent citizens. But
m we are admonished by the honorable Senator
: from South Carolina that if this measure of
justice should be insisted on as an amend-
ment to this bill, it will defeat the bill. How so.
Is it because the friends of amnesty to rebels
i are opposed to the protection of the civil rights
of their innocent countrymen ? If so, it is to
my mind an argument against the but. t doubt
i' whether rebels who are still opposed to equality
■ of civil rights between themselves and Union
' men might to be relieved from only political
! disabilities under which they labor—the right
'.to hold office. , , , _
'! That it may be clear that I do net err on the
ii main point as to the character of the original
bill itself, I desire' to read the provision of the
Constitution of the United States to which I
suppose it refers—the third section of the
fourteenth article of the amendments:
" No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any.State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion aeainst the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. Bat Congress may,
bya vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability."
Is not the whole object of the bill to "re-
move such disability?" The disability then
to be removed is the disability to be a Senator
or a Representative in Congress, or an elector
for President or Vice President of the United
States, or to hold some other office, civil or
military. It is not for the' purpose of enabling
them to vote. They possess that right now
under existing laws. It is not to exempt them
from punishment on account of the crime of
rebellion. They are not laboring under any
apprehension of such punishment. It is not
for the purpose of enabling them to travel on
the highways in public conveyances, or to
secure accommodations in public inns, or to
"httend the public schools, or to attend places
of public resort, or to avail themselves of
any of the other public institutions of their
own States, or of the United States. They
I are laboring under no such disabilities now.
; It is not for the purpose of enabling them to
engage in any oi" the ordinary avocations of
human life ; to practice any of the learned
professions; to engage in merchandising or
in agricultural, mechanical, or manufacturing
, pursuits. They are amply protected, it is snp-
| posed, in all these rights now. It is nothing
j else but to enable certain classes of rebels to
1 hold office; and that is called amnesty, and it
; is deemed to be of such vast importance that
i it wonld cripple the bill if you were to couple
with it a proposition tef'grant to other citizens
of the same States the exact rights that these
: rebels are now enjoying without let or hin-
derance. They are laboring under no other
disability whatever but the disability to hold
certain offices—nothing else. There are mul-
tiplied thousands of their patriotic countrymen
who have never offended against the criminal
laws who are laboring under some of these
civil disabilities, and if I understand the object
of the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scmxer,] it
is to put them on the same platform of equality
with these rebels in the same bill in which you
shall restore the rebels to the right to hold cer-
tain offices. In my apprehension this amend
ment ought not to weaken such a proposition
1 in the American Senate.
!" I know that bills are sometimes defeated by
\ appending incongruous measures, and this is
sometimes urged as a reason for the rejection
of an amendment in other respects unobjee-
, tionable. I have sometimes voted against
propositions to amend, which my judgment
!| approved, from such considerations. _ _
i But a short time since in our jegislative his-
!' tory a bill was pending in this Chamber to
'i prevent frauds at elections in the large cities.
This was not its title, but that was its purpose,
i The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
proposed, as an amendment, the substance of
: this section, which be now agrees to abandon.
I then believed its adoption would defeat the
;! then pending bill. I voted against it to save
a measure of more immediate importance,
j The amendment was rejected, and the but
became a law. I cannot, therefore, impugn
:r the motives or the parliamentary discretion
of any Senators who Aay vote against this
i: feature of the pending amendment now. It
!' in their opinion this retention of this clause
of the pending amendment would defeat the
;! bill—a bill believed by them to be of more
