878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
importance than this part of the amendment—
they would be justifiable in so recording their
votes. Such a consideration may rightfully
influence Senators to vote against a proposi-
tion which, under other circumstances, they
■would sttstain. In my opinion itoughtto con-
trol them if in their opinion the main purpose
cf the hill is of more consequence than the
proposed amendment; but in my judgment the
amendment is of vastly more consequence than
the bill, and therefore I cannot conscientiously
consent that it shall be struck out, or any vital
portion of it abandoned.
Now, one word on the subject of the clause
•which the honorable Senator from Ohio pro-
poses to strike out. Its main purpose is ad-
mitted to be to strike the word "white" from
the naturalization laws. This, it is said, would
admit to the rights of citizenship people of
every race and color. But, sir, if so, such
emigrants would still be required to reside in
this country five years as a condition-prece-
dent to their application for naturalization,
and then make the necessary proof of their
attachment to our institutions and Govern-
ment to enable them to become citizens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And prove their good
moral character.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; prove five years'
residence ; prove their attachment to the insti-
tutions of this country; good moral character;
obedience to our laws to the satisfaction of a
court of record, before they can be admitted
to citizenship.
Now, I inquire of those who oppose equal-
ity in this respect, if they expeet by the defeat
of this proposition to cxclude these people of
other races from our shores? Is that their
purpose? Do they expect to supplement the
• rejection of this proposition with a law which
will exclude emigrants of this class from other
countries to ours? If this is the object, I
can understand the pertinency of the objec-
tion ; but I apprehend it is not. It is expected
that they will come to our country, that they
■will live here, that they will engage in all the
ordinary pursuits of life as laborers, as miners,
as mechanics, as merchants, as scientists, and
in all other honorable and useful avocations.
Now, if they are to como here, if they are to
live_ among us, if they are to engage in all the
ordinary avocations of life with us, what do we
gain by depriving them of the right to become
a citizen? You deprive him of the possible
opportunity to have a voicc in the selection of
those who shall make and enforce the laws
under which he is to live; nothing more.
You put them and their interests at the mercy
of other more favored classes of men.
As a practical proposition, we all know that
no class of men ever were imposed 011 by legis-
lators who had votes, who could exercise a
voice in the .selection of those who are to make
and enforce the laws. Then you simply put
this class of persons whom jou expect to ad-
mit to your shores, whom you expect to live
among us, to engage in all the ordinary pur-
suits of iife among us, in a position where they
cannot protect themselves and their interests,
by aiding, in proportion to their numbers, in
the selection of their rulers.
But an objection to this clause of theamend-
ment has been raised from the other side of
the Chamber which is not new here. It is
feared that if this proposition to strike the
word "white" from our laws should prevail,
it nnght effect the repeal of provisiona of
the laws of certain States which inhibit
intermarriages between people of different
races. \V ell, Mr. President, I suppose it is
proper to discuss a question of this character
on the floor of the American Senate or it
would not have been introduced. It has not
been a very long period in the history of the
American Senate when you might have seen
a gentleman presiding over its deliberations
who lived openly with a member of that hated
race as husband and wife. By the laws of the
State from which he hailed he was unable to
confer on her the bonor of his name, and on
the children, who were the recognized fruits
of that union, the usual protection of law.
In that case, in the person of a man who held
the second office in the gift of the American
people, what was gained by such an inhibition?
Did it prevent the amalgamation of the two
races? Did the American people believe the
alliance to be in fact a great crime? If so,
how could they have so honored the chief
criminal? Is not such legislation a disgrace
to the age? But, passing this illustration of
the futility of such laws, let me inquire, is
there nothing but a human criminal code that
prevents the intermarriage of people of dif-
ferent races? Is it only because man has
pronounced it a crime? If such laws did not
exist, would the black and white race3 intui-
tively fall into each other's arms? Is that the
only thing which prevents a Senator from form-
ing such connubial alliances? Is it only be-
cause it is a crime under the law of his State,
which if violated would send him to the peni-
tentiary, which keeps them asunder? If that
be so, it is clear to my mind that it does not
violate the laws enacted by the Maker of the
races of men thus inclined; and if such alli-
ances are not prohibited by the laws of God,
such human enactments will ever prove futile.
I have always thought that there was some-
thing more sacred in such alliances than the
consideration of merely human enactments.
Those whom God joins together cannot be
kept asunder by human laws.
I have thought that such contracts have,
and ought to have, a higher sanction, that
ought to be recognized, and not prohibited,
by legislation. No one here, in my opinion,
in his sober moments of reflection, will believe
that such laws prevent such alliances. They
make the father a nominal criminal, the mother
a legal prostitute, and the children legal bas-
tards in the arms of their recognized parents.
They deprive the mothers and innocent chil-
dren of the proper protection of the laws of
their country, and nothing more. And this
proposition needs 110 demonstration other than
the every-day observation of each member of
this body. Those State laws prohibiting the
intermarriage of the two races do not prevent
amalgamation, but encourage prostitution and
abandonment of offspring. They are, therefore,
evil, and only evil. If, therefore, the enact-
ment now under consideration would have
the effect to repeal such laws, it would inflict
no injury on any human being; but it would
give many thousands of emigrants coming to
our shores for permanent homes, the equal
protection of the laws, and an even chance in
the race of human life.
It is said that these people are inferior in
culture and capacity to native citizens. I can-
not enter that field of argument now, further
than to observe that they are notgreatly inferior
I think to many thousands of those who now
enjoy this right of citizenship. I noticed but
a short time since, in one of our public journals,
the statement that over seven hundred thou-
sand of the adult white males of the population
of the United States were unable to read and
write 
Mr. AVILSON. Five million six hundred
thousand.
Mr. HARLAN. Not of the adult popula-
tion ; but 5,600,000, including, as I infer
from the honorable Senator's remark, females
and minors, out of the gross population of this
country. Under existinglawsemigrants from
Africa may be naturalized. There are many
intelligent men living in Africa, doubtless.
A few of them may immigrate to our country.
But the mass of the population of the States
in Africa are riot any more cultured than many
thousands of those who come from China and
Japan. Sir, that is the older civilization.
Those are the countries from which we have
derived much of the learning of which we
boast. Many of them are in their own lan-
guage quite as cultured as we are in ours.
They are in no proper sense our inferiors
in learning and knowledge. In a knowledge
of the exact sciences we surpass them ; in a
knowledge of the arts we are no more than
their equals.
Now, Mr. President, beforel close, I inquire
for the great motive which prompts Senators
to urge the passage of the original bill, with a
view of comparing its importance with the im-
portance of the amendment that the Senator
from Massachusetts has proposed. I have
listened with some attention to the speeches
that have been made here on that subject, and
if I understand their drift, they amount to
about this : that in the States recently in rebel-
lion, a considerable class of people who are
cultured, who have had experience in govern-
ment, and who pay the greater portion of the
taxes, are now unable to hold office ; that
some of those State governments have been
badly managed, the State debts have been
augmented, life and property have not been so
secure in some of those States as is deemed
practicable, and therefore it is proposed to
amnesty these recent rebel citizens, in order
that the people may secure better government,
greater security for life, liberty, and property,
it is proposed in this way to make available
the superior learning and wisdom and wealth
and experience of those who are now unable
to hold office on account of their leadership in
the recent rebellion.
Lot us analyze this proposition : have they
no other motive prompting them to give wise
counsels except the right to hold office?
Would not security of life and liberty and the
rights of property be quite as dear to them in
the absence of that privilege as with it? Is
the State and nation to lose all the benefits of
their superior culture and experience and
social position unless they are to be made the
rulers of a nation, which, notwithstanding
their supposed superiority, they so recently
attempted to destroy? Is there no other im-
pelling cause, nothing else to prompt them
to give wise counsels, to exert mellifluous
influences on the communities in which they
live except the prospect of holding an office?
I think no one will seriously contend that they
I are so utterly debased and abandoned as to
refuse to be good citizens if not permitted
to govern. And are we to presuppose from
this argument that none but cultured men and
rich men can be safely trusted with the affairs
of State? Has it come to this in this country
that the Government cannot be carried on
safely in the absence of a certain measure of
scholastic attainments, of acquired official
experience, and a certain amount of acquired
wealth? Are we to seriously debate a propo-
sition of this kind? I am the last member of
this body to disparage culture. I know fall
well, from experience and observation, some
of the advantages that the cultured have over
the uncultured in the race of human life; I
know something of the embarrassments grow-
ing out of the want of culture. But let me
say to the American Senate, and to the Amer-
ican people, so far as they may notice one so
humble, that successful civil government does
not depend 011 any given degree of scholastic
attainments or official experience.
There is in man an inborn capacity for self-
government. Unlettered men often become
wise rulers. If none others could be safely
trusted with civil power but the cultured and
the wealthy and experienced in civil affairs,
free government would necessarily prove a
failure. This was the objection recently urged
against the enfranchisement of the colored
race. They were deemed by objectors too
ignorant to be safely trusted with the ballot;
but since their enfranchisement the objectors
have been overwhelmed with the triumphant
success of their experience. Of course the
argument is no more potential when applied
