3566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "ten" and inserting
"five," so as to make the duty five per cent.
ad valorem.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cox, there were—ayes 67, noes
35 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Killinger
and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 02.
So the amendment of Mr. Cox was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise. I will move to go into committee again
when I ascertain that members have returned
to their seats.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Dawes, there were—ayes 60, noes 55.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes, and
Mr. Blair of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 57.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
affirmative; and the committee decides to rise.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. II. No. 2322) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, had come to no
resolution thereon.
revocation of leaves of absence.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all leaves of
absence granted by the House be revoked on
and after Monday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And that no
more be granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion.
Mr. DAWES. I think that the motion to
revoke all leaves of absence is a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. Where leave of absence
has been granted by unanimous consent, tlie
Chair doubts the power of the House by a
majority vote to revoke it.
Mr. DAWES. I think it has been done
bel'ore, and that the House, by giving notice,
has revoked all leaves of absence from and
after such a day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. After
giving leave of absence to a member I do not
think it would be good faith to revoke it.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the power
of the House by a majority vote to revoke a
leave of absence granted by unanimous con-
sent. You may, by unanimous consent, grant
to a gentleman leave of absence fortwo weeks.
He goes to San Francisco, and if by a majority
vote you could revoke that leave of absence,
you would leave him under the censure of the
House for not being present, when he had
unanimous consent to be absent.
Mr. DAWES. The member always takes
leave of absence under the power of the ma-
jority of the House to control it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask whether
the vote be by a majority or two thirds makes
any difference as to the justice of the proposi-
tion ?
Mr. DAWES. I believe that a majority of
the House can always control the conduct and
decorum of members.
The SPEAKER. How can a majority con-
trol the conduct of a member when under the
rules of the House you have given him the
right to absent himself from the proceedings
ot the House for a certain time ? The Chair
would not, under his present understanding
of the matter, entertain any such motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
change the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, so as to revoke on and after
Monday next all indefinite leaves of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not sec
how this would make any difference as to the
right of the matter. There is nothing in the
world easier than to prevent the granting of
leave of absence. It is always done by unani-
mous consent, and a single objection will pre-
vent the granting of leave of absence to any
member. The Chair has no recollection of a
member getting leave of absence except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I give notice, then,
Mr. Speaker, that hereafter I may be consid-
ered as objecting to the grant of leave of
absence to anybody.
The SPEAKER. When a request is made
by any member for leave of absence hereafter
the Chair will look to the seat of the gentle-
man from Illinois to see whether he rises to
object. [Laughter.] He must rise, however,
and make his objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I am not here I
want it understood that I object to grauting
any further leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain any standing objection. So far as it affects
the business of the House the Chair wishes to
state there is much more than a quorum
present.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask a parlia-'
mentary question. In the committee, on divis-
ion by tellers, we are constantly finding our-
selves without a quorum. Under the ruling
of the Chair are we not therefore cut off from
compelling a quorum?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is putting
a hypothetical question. If the House gets
itself into difficulty by granting unanimous
consent to members to absent themselves
from the proceedings of the House, that is
the fault of the House itself. It is the easi-
est thing iu the world for the House to pre-
vent all such trouble hereafter. As the Chair
has stated, leave of absence is only granted
by unanimous consent, and the House can
keep members here by refusing to grant leave
of absence.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But after the
House has granted leave of absence to so
many members, can we now rectify our error ?
The SPEAKER. The House has granted
leave of absence, and must act in good faith.
• Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am clear in
my remembrance that during the last session
of Congress we did pass a vote of this sort as
to indefinite leave of absence. I do not see
what objection there can be to it.
The SPEAKER. Certainly no exigency
has arisen requiring any such extraordinary
action on the part of the House. There are
more than one hundred and sixty members
present.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But not on
division by tellers in the committee.
The SPEAKER. That is another question,
in relerenceto which the Chair knows nothing.
He only knows it would be an extraordinary
act of power to recall a leave of absence
granted by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. Would it be in order to move
that all members excused from attendance are
requested to return ?
The SPEAKER. That would be in order;
and the Chair thinks this debate will have the
effect of bringing members here who are
absent.
Mr. DAWES. Then I make that motion:
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. How can
that be done ?
Mr. DAWES. It will reach absent mem-
bers by publication in the press.
Mr. STORM. What about members being
absent without leave from the House?
The SPEAKER. They are liable to the
discipline of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to add to the reso-
lution the words "shall be notified by the
Clerk."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves that all
members of the House now absent by its leave
shall be notified by the Clerk and respectfully
requested to return as soon as possible.
Mr. RANDALL. Shall they be notified by
telegram or mail?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the reg-
ular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that the number of members at present absent
by leave of the House is not large.
Mr. DAWES. This resolution at all events
will not do any harm. Perhaps those mem-
bers who are iu the city will take the hint and
be found more steadily in their seats.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Clerk, who keeps the record, there are not
more than twenty or twenty-five members now
absent by leave of the House. In the opiuion
of the Chair there are from one hundred and
fifty to one hundred and seventy members in
the Hall now.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in order to
notify the members who are in the city to at-
tend the night sessions of the House ? Last
night the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means was himself absent.
The SPEAKER. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will accept a
suggestion of the Chair 
Mr. DAWES. I am always ready to accept
any suggestion from the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that a call of the House every morning
after the readingof the Journal has been found
to be a very effective mode of securing the
attendance of members.
Mr. DAWES. I thank the Chair for the
suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will further
remark that, on a roll-call yesterday one
hundred and ninety-nine members voted, and
that is a very full House.
Mr. DAWES. That was on Thursday;
to-day is Friday; and it takes just last uight
and to-day for members to return to their
homes.
Mr. BURCHARD. I would suggest that
two o'clock, the hour when the Committee
for the District of Columbia is entitled to the
floor, is approaching, and I call for the regular
order.
The resolution offered by Mr. Dawes was
adopted.
tariff and tax bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to resume the con-
sideration of the tariff and tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Scopiblb in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. Before the Committee
of the Whole rose the pending question was
on the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] which the Clerk will again
report.
The Clerk read as follows :
On type-metal and stereotype-plates, ten percent.
ad valorem.
Mr. CONGER. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
On copper, the ores of copper, and all manufac-
tured articles of which coppcr is the component
part, ninety per cent, of the duty now imposed by
law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Is that amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. CONGER. May I ask the Chair why
it is not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The duty on copper has
nothing to do with the duty on type.
Mr. CONGER. Copper is a component part
of type-^aetal.
