THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
of. half .pay of the decedent as an officer in the
revolutionary war, and for reimbursement of
certain-moneys advanced by Colonel David
Hopkins in aid of the revolutionary war;
which *waa referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims,
. He also presented the petition of William
EYWalsh, of Ijew Orleans, Louisiana, praying
to be paid a certain judgment of the United
States provisional court of Louisiana out of,
certain proceeds of sequestrated property of
Trasimon Landry,, |n the Treasury; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TfitlJRMAN presented the petition of
Joseph San Roman, of Texas, praying that a
certain judgment of the Court of Claims ren-
dered December 18,1860, be paid in coin, with
interest; which was referred to the Committee
on Qlaiftg;
■f papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was
• Ordered, That E. Q. Swatka have leave to with-
draw his_p«tition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
lani>s in michigan.
Mr.,EDMUNDS. On Saturday I objected
for the .moment to a bill, in which my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] had an interest
about certain Indian lauds in Michigan. I
have prepared an amendment which is satis-
factory to him, which guards the bill against
the construction which 1 thought might be put
Upon it, and I think it right and fair that I
should, ask the Senate now to take up the bill,
if there is no objection by any other Senator,
and pass it with the amendment I propose.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee bf the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider .the bill (H. R. No. 2977) for the restora-
tion to market of certain lands in Michigan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the proviso at the end of the
fifth section in the following words :
That nothing herein shall affect the rights of the
State of Miohig&n to any land heretofore granted
said State.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That none of the land herein mentioned shall be
subject to or taken by any grant of land for public
works or improvements or by any railroad company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed,
benjamin w. reynolds.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1634) for the relief of Benjamin W,
Reynolds, have instructed me to report it back
and recommend its passage at this time. He
is a citizen of Wisconsin, well known to the
Senator from Wisconsin.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides for the allowance
of $2,175 to Benjamin W. Reynolds, late re-
ceiver of the land, office at St. Croix Palls,
Wisconsin, foi; the money necessarily paid out
and expended by him in the payment of clerks
necessarily employed in that land office, be-
tween the 16th of May, 1861, and the 15th of
July, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered .to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed..
eliza b. anderson.
Mr. WILSON. I am.instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 2879) granting a
pension to Eliza B. Anderson to report it
back with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute; I ask that the bill be acted on at
this time.
The bill was read.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs was to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the following
in lieu of the words stricken out:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to pay. out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Bliza B.
Anderson, widow of the late Major General Robert
Anderson, the sum of $10,000, ingrateful recognition
of that singular fidelity to public duty which inspired
said Robert, Anderson, when a major in the United-
States Army, on the 26th day of December, 1860, with-
out authority from the President, and in defiance of
the wishes of the Secretary of War, to assume the
grave responsibility of tra'nsfering his small command
from Fori Moultrie to Fort Sumter in Charleston
harbor, thereby incurring the double reproach from
the Government of his country that he had acted
without orders, and from the enemies of his country
that ho had "achieved the unenviable distinction
of opening civil war," and at the same time placing
himself under the earliest and hottest fire of the
rebellion, and under those hardships whieh wrecked
his constitution and destroyed his life.
Mr. TIPTON. I should like to have that
bill referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a pension now,
but a gift.
Mr. WILSON. The bill came from the
House and went to the Committee on Pen
sions, and that committee was discharged and
it was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and the Committee on Military Affairs
report this substitute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ceases to be a pension
bill entirely. It is merely a military bounty.
Mr. TIPTON. I do not believe we are pre-
pared, without a discussion of this question,
to continue the precedent of gifts and boun-
ties and charities according to the impulse or
whim or the more deliberate judgment of the
Senate, and I therefore move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will not be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions. We
have nothing to do with it. If the Senator
does not want it passed, let it go upon the Cal-
endar ; but there is no use sending it to our
committee, I suggest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this is disposed of———
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was an
objection that put the bill over; I do not make
any.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska has not objected to the
present consideration of the bill and it is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and the Senator from Nebraska has moved
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. There are so many cases
of the poor and unfortunate and suffering
coming to the Pension Committee day by day,
aud poor that have no rich and able relatives
to assist them, as that I would have to move
before this bill is passed, such an amendment
as that it should include the claims of widows
who had no friend but the husband who gave
his_ life for his country's welfare, and the
claims of the children also who have lost all
that they had. I wish to know first whether
there is no other place to which this widow
can turn for aid before I give this case pre-
cedence over the numberless cases equally
meritorious that have to be passed over every
day in the Senate. I therefore object to the
further consideration of this bill, if that will
have any influence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late to object. The bill has been placed be-
fore the Senate by unanimous consent, and an
objection is now too late. The Senator can
accomplish his object by having the bill laid
on the table.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will not
make that motion.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the bill lie on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESlDENTppo tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill, and before the question
is put I have something to say.
I have no doubt that there is much of merit
in a bill of this kind; and yet I do know and
I do feel, with all the merit that may attach to
it, that there are so many meritorious claims
that have equities in their behalf and yet can-
not be brought exactly under the legislation
of Congress, that those of us whose duty it is
to look into those cases are compelled every
day that we meet as a committee to pass by
claims that appeal to our sympathies and to
our better natures to such an extent as that we
ought to be watchful of the interests of all
applicants and desire that they should be
treated as near alike as is practicable.
Although the duties performed by the hus-
band of this applicant were of the most merit-
orious character, there is no evidence what-
ever before the Senate, as I understand, that
takes this out of the list of thousands of merit-
orious cases that cannot be acted upon by the
Senate of the United States, and it is only for
that reason, and not for the purpose of de-
feating the bill or any particular measure, that
I enter my protest against making this gift
this morning. Why not have presented this
during the months that we have been together?
Why present it here at the very last hour ?
Why offer it as one of those cases that, if not
without merit, are crowded through at a time
when there is no chance for investigation ?
I say, therefore, that this species of legis-
lation is reprehensible in itself, and there are
just as meritorious cases on the register this
morning as this case can be. Why, therefore,
undertake to press it through at such an hour
as this? There is no propriety in it, and it is
reprehensible to undertake to press at such
an hour a bill of this large importance, when
so many fail that have been set aside because
of their poverty, of their obscurity, of their
want of distinguished and special friends to
defend them and champion them before the
Senate of the United States?
Mr. WILSON. Without taking up the time
of the Senate, I" will simply say to the Senator
from Nebraska that General Anderson's dead
body was recently brought home; he had to
live in fereign lands for a long while because
he could live there on his salary and could not
live here. He was a man without property.
His sick wife, not able to come home at the
time that his body was brought, has recently
returned to this country. The family have
very little to support them, and this case comes
to us as one of great merit. I know the gen -
eral objection. I sympathize with the declar-
ations of the Senator that we ought to look to
those who have no relatives or friends to care
for them ; but I think this is a peculiar case,
and that the good sense and gratitude of the
nation will bestow this pittance to keep the
wife and children of General Anderson from
absolute suffering.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read, "A
bill for the relief of Eliza B. Anderson."
public buildings in new york.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 1125. I will make a
statement in reference to it, not occupying more
than two minutes, if the Senate will take it up.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the title of the bill
be read.
