1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2671
pie of the United States as to which authentic in-
formation is desirable: Therefore,
Itenuloed, That, if not incompatible with the pub-
lic service, tho President communicate to this House
any correspondence hitherto unpublished bearing
on ihe execution of said treaty, including the cor-
respondence with reference to the "case" of the
United States, and the "counter ease" of the Brit-
ish Government, and particularly all correspondence
hearing upon the question of consequential dam-
ages.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. COX. Then I move that the preamble
and resolution be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
The_ SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit for the information of the House of
Representatives a report from'the Secretary of State,
and the copy of the "counter case" of the United
States in the mutter of the claims against Great
Brirain, as presented to the board of arbitration at
Geneva, which accompanies it. g GRANT1
Washington, April 20,1872.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message of
the President which has been just read be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and that it be printed; and on that motion I
ask the previous question.
The previous "question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent,
to offer the following resolution on the same
subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
inconsistent with public interests, to communicate
to this House the "case" presented by the British
Government under tho Washington treaty, with
accompanying papers.
Mr. COX. I would suggest that the gen-
tleman should amend his resolution so as to
request the President to give us the same
information which the British Parliament has
got, as contained in the correspondence relat-
ing to consequential damages.
Mr. BANKS. I do not know that this Gov-
ernment iias any information that these papers
have been presented to the British ParlMrrentr
On the contrary, the official information, I
understand, is that they have not been pre-
sented to the British Parliament at all. I
venture to say that we will have them as soon
as they are presented to the British Parliament.
Mr. COX. The interest of our people and
the honor of our countryrequirethatweshould
have this matter fully and openly ventilated.
The resolution offered by Mr. Banks was
agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
privileges of the floor.
Mr. COX. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Eules to report the following
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
That Rule 134 be amended as follows:
First, strike out all after the words provided
that" down to and including the words Hall of
the House," and insert in lieu thereof the following:
" ex-members of tbe House shall be entitled to the
privilege of admission to the floor on making declar-
ation on honor, in a register to be kept for that
purpose, that they have no personal or private in-
• terest in any legislative measure before tho House
or any of its committees." .
Second, insert at the end of the rale the following:
"and the Doorkeeper shall be held responsible to
the House for the execution of this rule."
Mr. COX. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Does not the
amendment of the rule go too far? Should an
ex-member of Congress who has legitimate
business before a committee be excluded from
the privileges of the floor ?
Mr. COX. This will not prevent him from
going before a committee and presenting his
business.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The latter part
of the proposed first branch of the amendment,
I think, should not be agreed to.
Mr. COX. We ought to cut this matter up
by the roots.
Mr. DICKEY. Would it be in order to
move to strike out the word "ex?"
Mr. COX. I insist on the call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that the rule
which it is proposed to amend be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair directs the
reading of the rule as it now exists.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
do now adjourn, to the eud that they may
reflect upon this matter.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman understood the
rule and the proposed amendment and the
necessity for it, I am sure he would not object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first direct
the reading of the rule as it now stands.
The Clerk read as follows :
" 134. No person except members of the Senate,
their Secretary, heads of Departments, the Presi-
dent's Private Secretary, foreign ministers, the Gov-
ernor for the time being of any State, Senators and
Representatives-elect, judges of theSupreme Court
of the United States and of the Courtol Claims, and
such persons as have by name received the thanks
of Congress, shall be admitted within the Hall ofthe
House of Representatives or any of the rooms upon
the same floor or leading into the same; provided
that ex-members of Congress who aro not interested
in any claim pending before Congress, and shall so
register themselves, may also be admitted within
the Hall of the House; and no persons except those
herein specified shall at any time be admitted to the
floor of the House."
Mr. COX. This rule proposes to strike out
the word "claim," which has reference only
to the ordinary claims which go before the
committee, and excludes no man personally in-
terested in measures pending before the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. All I desire is that the
proposed amendment shall go over, and be
printed in the Globe so that we may see what
Mr. STEVENSON. Why does the gentle-
man from $ejK York limit it to ex-members of
"Congress?
Mr. COX. I would extend it to anybody.
If the gentleman will prepare resolutions on
the subject, and refer them to the Committee
on the Rules, they will give them due consid-
eration.
Mr. BDTLER, of Massachusetts. Would
it be in order to move to refer this rule to the
Committee on Civil Service Reform ? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating, and that motion is not in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am quite will-
ing that this rule shall go over until to-morrow
morning, but I wish to make a suggestion to
the House. As the rule now stands I think
no one will be willing to repeal it.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I demand the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Its practical
effect, however, is that ex-members are ex-
cluded from the floor who are interested in
any claim before the House. Well, a claim
against the Government is technically under-
stood to be a simple bill with a claim in it, a
private bill, whereas an ex-member of Con-
gress maybe here acting for some corporation,
acting as its attorney.
Mr. HEREFORD. That is the case every
day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It may be a
bill creating a corporation, and some ex-mem-
ber is heje and making it a special business
to put that bill through. That bill is not tech-
nically a claim, and that ex-member is not
excluded because the bill which he is urging
is not technically a claim, when in every sense-
of the word he ought, to be kept out and de-
prived ofthe privileges of this floor, of which
he avails himself for the sake of using his
privileges on spme such bills, just as much as
one who has a special claim or a private bill.
The Committee on Rules thought it wise, as
the subject was brought to tlieir attention—the
matter not having been inaugurated by thetti—
to enlarge the meaning of the word "claim"
so as to cover the legislation of Congress in
which ex members are personally interested. •
Mr. DICKEY. I want to knew if the gen-
tleman thinks it right to require any ex-mem-
ber of Congress who visits Washington to file
a declaration with the Doorkeeper that he is a
gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; we do
not propose that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I, rise to a question of
order. Is debate in order pending my motion
to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was not
on the floor to make that motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will ask my col-
league whether the committee has considered
the propriety of extending this limitation to
all persons admitted to the floor? Why not
extend it to all persons as well as to cx-mem-
bers of Congress?
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen were
deprived of the opportunity of introducing bills
for reference ; and if there be no objection the
Chair will receive such bills now; and the first
in order is the bill of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maykard] in reference to the
tariff.'
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. BURCHARD. f move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I will withdraw
the objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing gentlemen to refer bills who were
not allowed to refer them this morning under
the*call of tlie States?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I shall object until the
civil rights bill is taken out of the morning
hour.
Mr. BURCHARD. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(atfour o'clock and fifty-seven minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BELL: The petition of E. B.
Towne and 109 others, citizens of New Hamp-
shire, for the establishment of a post route
from North Weare, via Henniker and West
Henniker, to Hillsborough Bridge, New Hamp-
shire.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The memorial of Smith
H. Clarkson and several hundred others, hon-
orably discharged soldiers, praying an amend-
ment of the homestead law.
By Mr. COGHLAN : The petition of W. G.
Young and 100 others, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Reno, in the State
of Nevada, to Greenville, in California.
By Mr. COMINGO : The petition of Major
General W. H. Powell, Colonel W. H. Morgan,
Colonel Theodore S. Case, and 282 others,
officers and soldiers, praying the Congress of
the United States to pass laws as follows:
first, granting pensions to soldiers of 1812,
and their widows, without exception ; second,
equalizing all bounties to the soldiers of the
late war; third, allowing back pensions to
soldiers to the time they were wounded or
disabled; fourth, to grant land warrants for
one hundred and sixty acres to each soldier
