1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
and ordered to be printed.
john m. scanland.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. R. No. 1995) to relieve John M. Scanland
from political disabilities; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
san diego, california.
Mr. HOUGHTON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of California, re-
lating to making San Diego a port of entry;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
bridge over the mississippi.
Mr. AVERILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1996) to authorize the construction of a
draw-bridge over the Mississippi river at Red
Wing, Minnesota; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
john s. hall.
. Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1997) for the relief of John S. Hall, of Ritchie
county, West Virginia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
land district in arizona.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1998) creating an additional
land district in the Territory of Arizona; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
public lands in the territories.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1999) relating to the entry of public lands
in the Territories of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
washington and georgetown railroad.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2000) to amend the charter of the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
schools in district of columbia.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2001) in relation to the public schools
of the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called for bills on leave and
joint resolutions, they will next be called for
resolutions, and the pending bill under this
call is the bill (H. R. No. 1647) supplemental
to an act entitled "An act to protect all citi-
zens of the United States in their civil rights,
and to furnish the means for their vindication."
The pending question is on a motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. ntblack,] to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. In order that we may
have a little time to consider this bill, I move
that the House now adjourn.
On motion there were—ayes 54, noes 74.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; _ and Mr. frye and
Mr. eldredge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 65.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 23, nays 142, not voting
76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, James G. Blair,
Campbell, Cxebs, Orossland, Davis, Du Ii03e, tucl-
MT0?en1>r/^cNftely' Niblaek;
Read, Mward Y llice, John M. Rice, Ritchie. Sher-
ehe°ster^23 r' Trump, Whitthorne, and Win-
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Averill
Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Beveridge, Bingham, Bird.
Austin Blair, Bright, George M.Brooks, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Conner,
Cotton, Cox, Darrall. Dawes, iJickev, Donnan, Dox.
J;, !• Bunnell, Eames, Finkelnburg, Forker,
Charles Foster. Wilder D. Foster. Frye, Garfield,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Handley. Harmer,
Harper. John T. Harris, Havens, Hawley.Hay, Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Herndon,
Hoar, Holman, Hooper. Kelley, Ketcbam.KilHnger,
King, Lansing, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard,
McClelland, McCormick, McGrew, Mclntyro, Me-
Junkin, McKee, Mercur, Merriain, Monroe. Mftore,
Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Orr, Packer, Pal-
mer, Isaac C.Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron
P.Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Potter. Price, Prindle, Ellis H. Roberts, William It.
Roberts, Rusk, Sargont, Sawyer, Scofleld, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Sloss, John
A.Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Thomas,
Turner, Tuthili, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Waddell,
Wakeman, Waldron. Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard. Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—142.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Archer. Banks, Barry,
Beck, Bell, Bigby. Biggs, Boles, Braxton, James
Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, William T.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Comingo, Creely, Critcher,
Crocker, De Large, Duke, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth,
Farwell, Henry I). Foster, Goodrich, Ilaldeman,
Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hancock, George E.
Harris. Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Houghton, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Kerr, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport,
Leach, Lowe, McCrary, McKinney, Merrick, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morphis, Negley, Pack-
ard, Hosea W. Parker, Rainey, Randall, Robinson,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Shellabarger, Slater, Slocum,
H. Boardman Smith, Wortbington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Storm, St. John, Sypher. Terry, Bwight
Townsend, WashingtonTownsend, Vaughan,- Voor-
hees, Walden, Wallace, and Walls—75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the Chair will now receive bills
for reference only from members who were
not in when their States were called.
colonel francis taylor, etc.
Mr. SWANN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2002) for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Francis Taylor and Dr. Charles Taylor ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
r k. diossy.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2003) authorizing the appointment of
R. K. Diossy chaplain in the Navy ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
minor children op b. browne, deceased.
Mr. SLOCUM also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2004) granting a pension to the minor
children of Benjamin i. Browne, late acting
assistant paymaster United States Navy; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
continuance op grand juries.
Mr. POTTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2005) for the continuance of any grand juries
in the district courts of the United States in
the State of New York; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
judge william h. thornton and others.
Mr. HANDLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2006) to relieve Judge William H. Thorn-
ton and forty-six others, citizens of the State
of Alabama, therein named, from the political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, referred-
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
manning m. kimmel.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. R, No. 2007) to relieve Manning M.
Kimmel from disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
bridge over the mississippi river.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, also intro*
duoed a bill (H. R. No. 2008) granting au-
thority to bridge the Mississippi river at or near
St. Genevieve, in the State of Missouri; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
bridge over the mobile river, etc.
Mr. BUCKLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2009) authorizing the Montgomery and
Mobile Railroad Company to bridge the Mobile
and other navigable rivers tributary to Mobile
bay; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2010) to relieve cer-
tain citizens of Mississippi of their political
disabilities; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
james treiss.
Mr. McKEE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2011) to grant a
pension to James Treiss, of company C, first
Louisiana volunteers; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
memphis and vicksburg railroad.
Mr. McKEE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H- R. No. 2012) granting the
Memphis and Vicksburg Railroad Company
the right of way along the river bank at ths
national cemetery at Vicksburg, Mississippi;
which was read a first andsecond time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (S. R. No. 2013) granting
the Memphis and Vicksburg Railroad Com-
pany the right to build a bridge over the Yazoo
river; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, ana
ordered to be printed.
suppression op obscene literature, etc.
Mr. MERRIAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2014) for the
suppression of the trade in and circulation
of obscene literature, illustrations, advertise-
ments, and articles of indecent or immoral
use, and obscene advertisements of patent
medicines in the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second- time, referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
tonnage tax on american vessels.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2015) to abolish the
tonnage tax on American vessels; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
united states courts in alabama.
Mr. HAYS, by' unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2016) in relation to
the United States courts in the State of Ala-
bama; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
virginia loyall farragut.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2017) granting a
pension to Virginia Loyall Farragut; which
was read a first and second time,_ referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
