1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
to a race of a lighter complexion, and a higher
degree of acquirements.
Sir, in my opinion, the sueccss ol free gov-
ernment does not depend on scholastic attain-
ments. Many ofthegreatest men, many of those
who have exerted the greatest influence on
their race, have been uncultured. General
Washington, the first President of the United
States, bad never had the advantages of aca-
demical or collegiate instruction; and when you
look over the list of gfeat names that embel-
lish American history, yuu will find that a very
lar°-e percentage of them have come forward
without such helps. Our institutions are
founded on a totally different theory of man's
capacity. Under our form of government all |
our dearest rights are referred ultimately to
the arbitrament of citizens, without regard
to culture, social position, or experience in
the management of civil affair.-. _ The Consti-
tution provides that in civil suits where the
amount in controversy is over twenty dollars
the right of trial by jury shall be guarantied,
and in all criminal cases : and I find nowhere
in this document a provision that a juryman ;
shall be either cultured or rich, that he shall j
be able either to read or write, it could not >
have been expected that twelve unlettered men ]
would be more learned in the principles of j
law or would be better able to analyze and j
apply testimony than the presiding judge; and j
yet the framers of the Constitution doubtless j
believed that they would be safer custodians j
of human rights than the most learned jurists. |
These great men must have believed in the
divine origin of our race ; in the inherent, in-
horn capacity of unlettered man to discrim-
inate between right and wrong, justice and
injustice, to comprehend and apply facts, to
divest arguments of sophistry, and to deal out
justice to their fellow-men, or they could not
have invested them with the performance of
functions that underlie our sjrstem of jurispru-
dence, without which our civil rights cannot
le secured and our criminal laws enforced.
The duties of a voter or office-holder are no
more important than the duties ofajaror, and
are not usually more difficult to perform. I
conclude, therefore, that civil Government is
possible in the absence of that high oraer of
culture which the argument favoring the pas-
sage of this bill presupposes to be so largely
characteristic of the recent rebels. _ Bat. Sir,
when tried by the facts it wiil be found that
those disabled by the Constitution from hold-
ing offic'"1 constitute but a small per cent, of
the intelligent people of the recently rebel
States. A great majority of the rebel element
have heretofore been fully restored to ad their
former rights. Those still unable to hold office
are by comparison but a handful, and consti-
tute those who have been supposed to have
been nio t culpable for the rebellion.
Then why should we be so anxious to bring
into the legislative and executive councils of
this country that comparatively small class of
men who are still deprived of the right to hold
office on account of their greater criminality.'
We cannot justify it on the assumption that
civil government is impracticable without their
aid. Such an assumption is aS war with the
theory of our institutions as well as our expe-
rience. They way be men pf great learning,
of great experience, and ot vast \vea>th: but
these qualities do not atone for their great
crimes. Nor can they justly complain iMhe
disabilities should never be removed. Such
an inconvenience is slight compared with their
offenses. Nor would the country seriously
suffer if no one of them should ever be restored
to the right to hold ofiice.
Two third.-, of both branches of Congress
may relieve them, and I am willing thai they
shall be relieved by classes. 1 prefer this mode,
to the relief of individuals by name and, I
think it less liable to abuse: but i cannot con-
scientiously as a member of this body vote to
relieve them from these disabilities while I am
compelled to believe from the arguments made
in favor of that bill that these people them-
selves are unwilling that hundreds of thousands
of their own countrymen, who have never
offended, shall enjoy equally the same rights
that they enjoy, merely because they are ignor-
ant and poor. This would be discreditable to
American legislation.
If the friends of this bill are willing to put
these great ciiminals on a platform of equality !
with their innocent countrymen in respect to ]
civil lights, I am willing to vote for the bill; !
but if they have not progressed thus far, if I
their prejudices are now too intense to permit j
them to put all the people in their own States !
on the Fame platform of equality in all these ;
respects, I shall be compelled to believe that
the time has not yet arrived to relieve the©
from the disability to hold office. ii
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I un- !|
derstand the question pending is on striking I
out the last section but one of the amendments |j
of the Senator from Massachusetts. |!
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thoxy in the chair.) That is the motion. j:
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order to move ii
to perfect that section : and wiil that motion ;j
take precedence of the motion to strike out? ij
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will. 't
Mr. CARPENTER. I then desire to say
that in regard to this section I think it must be ;
amended in order to express the intention ;
which the Senator from Massachusetts himself ■
undoubtedly has. To illustrate: taking the
naturalization laws of the United States, every i
law oil the subject discriminates in favor of I
white men and against colored men by the use
of the word " white.'' Now this section pro-
vides that '"every law, statute, ordinance,"
i &c., which does that shali be repealed and :
! annulled. It is my belief and opinion that if 1
i this section should pass^ in this form, there
j would be no naturalization law for white or ;
' black. What the Senator intends, I suppose—
, indeed I know that is the intention—is to pro- .
j vide that the discrimination shall be repealed
i and abolished. I move to amend the section ^
so as to read :
Every discrimination against any person on ac-
count of color by the use of the word "wmie - in
any law. statute, ordinance, or regulation, is hereby
repealed and annulled.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us first take the vote
ou striking out. If the Senate do not want
i the section at all, there is no use in ametid-
: ing it.
i Mr. CARPENTER. I do want it. I do
| not want to repeal our naturalization laws,
| but I do want to do what I tried to accom-
■ plish on a former occasion; that is. abolish all
I distinction in regard to naturalization. Raise
the standard as high as you see fit, but then
; apply it indiscriminately to people coming
: front every laud, of every race and color.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. Why should we not do
; that all at once?
: Mr. CARPENTER. By striking the whole
thing out?
! Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's pardon.
: By making the naturalization question not a
' constitutional question; as it is made in this
' biil, but by having a pioperlv considered bill
i on the sTibject of rectifying the naturalization
I laws. Let us put it on the universal basis of
j equality, subjecting it to the test irf men all
alike That'is what I would like to ao.
I Mr C -1RPENTER. Nothing in the world
! is required to accomplish that except to pas,
: this section thus amended, and abolish ait dis-
1 Miction-* now existing in any statute on that
subject bv the use of the word •' white. lhat
accomplishes the purpose, and then allows
people of ever? nation and every coior to come
here and be admitted as citizens ot the United
States on complying with those requirements
which our naturalization laws nave enacted,
and that I am in favor of now and always have
HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question? Do I understand htm to
say that he provides in'his amendment that the
repeal shall be of statutes and ordinances of
the United States, and not of any of the States?
Does he limit it to statutes and ordinances of
the United States?
Mr. CARPENTER. I will state again the
amendment which I propose to offer. I move
to amend by striking out the word "every"
where it first occurs, and inserting, "every
discrimination against any person on account
of color by the use of the word ' white' in any
law, statute, ordinance, or regulation."
Mr. HILL. " Of the United States? "
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not say that.
Mr. HILL. Why do you not ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Because I do not waut
to. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. That is a very grave point.
Mr. CARPENTER. With this amendment,
which I am sure carries out the purpose of
the Senator from Massachusetts, I shall vote
against striking out the section.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin will first
be reported, and then the Chair will recognize
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me add one word
further; and I ask the attention of the Senator
from Massachusetts. This amendment strikes
out the words "or custom." I do not know
what can be meant by the word " white" in
a custom. The word "white" may make a
discrimination against colored men when used
in any statute, ordinance, or law; but I do
not know how the word " white " can be used
in a custom. I therefore move to strike out
those words ; that is to say, striking them out
is included in the motion 1 have made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the section so as to make it read:
That every discrimination against any person on
account of color, by the use of the word "white,"
in any law, statuto, ordinance, or regulation, is
hereby repealed aud annulled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Senator
; from Wisconsin that though his motion is
' strictly in order, it always embarrasses a bill
to vote on double motions to amend. For
1 instance, it would have been perfectly in order
i for me to move to strike out this section before
' a vote was taken on his amendment; but that
' would have created complication. His mo-
' tion does the same. If the Senate is not dis-
posed to strike out the fifth section, then of
course it will bo open to amendment, and any
: amendment he may suggest will receive due
s attention.
; Mr. CARPENTER. On the mere question
, of striking that section out as it is, I should
■ vote to strike it out because I do not want tc
repeal the naturalization laws ; but if it can
; be amended, T shall vote against striking it
! out. It therefore seems to me to be neeessary,
' in order to test the sense of the Senate on the
: real question, that we should modify the sec-
1 tion so that it will express what it is intended
to do, before we say whether we will strike it
out or not. I should vote to strike it out as it
' is; I should vote against striking it out if it
. be amended.
: Mr. HILL. I rose to make the inquiry m
: good faith of the Senator from Wisconsin be-
cause I really thought, as I think now, that it
was a matter of great materiality in passing
i such an act to limit the action of this section
' to the repeal of Federal statutes and not invade
the States and say, as it would be saying in
j my own State, that where the word '• white
' may occur, for instance, in the statute forbid-
' ding marriages between whites and blacks,
■I that statute of the State of Georgia shall be
| repealed by this act of Congress.^ Docs the
| Senator believe that the Congress of the u mted
i States has the power to repeal a statute ot the
I State of Georgia which is not obnoxious to the
