880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Constitution of the United States? He cannot
think so. He is too good a lawyer for that.
Certainly, therefore, he would not extend this
section beyond the point of repealing Federal
statutes. Perhaps he would limit it, since that
seems to be the object, of his chief care, simply
to the naturalization laws of Congress.
While I am up, I will make a remark in
regard to the course that I, with others, have
seen fit. to pursue upon the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin which has been voted
on this morning. I did not vote against his
amendment because I preferred it less than
I did the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, for I liked it better; but even
with that amendment I could not support the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
as thus amended; and that being the case, I
preferred to take the ameudment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in its totality, and let
it be considered by the Senate on its merits.
It certainly had the merit of having received
years of careful attention from the astute and
comprehensive mind of that Senator. It is no
new thing to the Senate, It was here in the
form of a bill long ago. 1 proposed to leave
the original proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the Senate just as it was, un-
impaired in any particular, in order that the
sense of the Senate might be expressed upon
that proposition on its merits. 1 am disposed
to do that still. I do not wish to make any
innovation on it. I do see in a part of the
amendment, as he has accepted modifications,
still some things that I think would be very
wrong. I think it would be very oppres-
sive and very wrong that this clause should
remain in it,: "and any officer or other
person charged with any duty in the selec-
tion or summoning of jurors, who shall ex-
clude or fail to summon any person for the
reason above named"—that is, on account of
race or color—" shall, on conviction thereof,
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined
in not less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000."
Now, it so happens that in the State of
Georgia by the constitution of the State jurors
are selected from upright and intelligent per-
sons. That is the classification proscribed by
the constitution. In some counties there are
some colored jurors. In other counties there
are none, because in the opinion of the pre-
siding judges of the different circuits, who,
together with the clerk of the superior court,
the ordinary of the county, and the sheriff of
the county, have charge of the jury-boxes,
there are not in that class competent persons
to serve as jurors. Now, take the ease of a
county where the officers to whom the super-
vision of the jury-box is confided have determ-
ined that there is no colored man in the
county who comes up to the requirement of
the constitution, and therefore there is not the
name of a colored man in the box. In crim-
inal trials it almost invariably happens, if they
are for offenses of high grade, that talesmen
have to be summoned by the sheriff. There
the sheriff would be at his peril in going out
to summon jurors, for he might be instructed
by the judge of the court to summon no one
whose name was not in the county jury-box,
but if he meets an intelligent colored man,
and could summon him and does not summon
him, this section would give that man a right
of action against the sheriff, and he might be
mulcted in a fine of $1,000, or $5,000, or any
intermediate sum.
There are so many objections to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts which
have occurred to my mind that I would not
undertake to specify them all; but I have
insuperable- objection to the first section, and
therefore I have not seen fit to vote to modify
the amendment. I think it has been an unwise
proposition from the beginning, and I do not
believe that I shall vote for any amendment to
it, no matter how consistent it maybe with my
own sense of right and propriety, unless the
principle pervading the first section is aban-
doned or so modified that the proposition will
commend itself to my support.
I say this much in justification of the vote I
shall give if we are compelled to vote on the
proposition now before the Senate, to wit, to
strike out the fifth section. I have been of
the opinion that I would not vote to strike it
out. Lest it should appear from that vote that
I wa3 in favor of the exercise of power by this
Government to do the things which that sec-
tion speaks of, I wish it to be understood by
anybody who feels at all interested in the mat-
ter that I hold that Congress has no power
whatever over the question so far as relates
to the States. It may modify its own statutes,
of course, to any extent; but it has no right
to invade the States and interfere with their
regulations.
While upon this subject I will say that I
have looked with considerable interest, since
the incipient measure of the Senator from
Massachusetts came here, to the effect of the
debate and the various propositions that have
been brought to the attention of the Senate.
If nothing else shall have been accomplished
by the Senator from Massachusetts in bringing
forward this amendment, however improperly
he has brought it in connection with the
amnesty bill, he has at least achieved one
great purpose : he has presented himself more
prominently, if possible, than he ever did be-
fore to the entire colored race o£. this nation
as their foremost, if not their exclusive cham-
pion. It is a vain thing for any gentleman in
this body, or in any other body, or in any sec-
tion of the United States, to attempt to com-
pete with the Senator from Massachusetts for
honors with those people. Sir, he will make
and unmake men by the dozen who try to do
this thing. He will set his seal and stamp
men as worthy of the confidence of the col-
ored people of this country, or else he will
ignore them and crush them at his pleasure.
In short, as a political element it is a fact
that the colored people of America belong
to-day to the Senator from Massachusetts.
Who will dare dispute his sway? Is not his
word law with them? When his proposition
came here in all its original deformity it was
shocking to the sense of the best lawyers of
the Senate, including many lawyers of the
Republican party, and the severest criticisms
were applied to it; but, notwithstanding that,
has it ever struck the colored mind in this
country that there was a single defect in the
original proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts? No, sir. Wherever they have
spoken of it at all, itliasbeen to give it unlim-
ited indorsement. They care absolutely noth-
ing for the strictures of the distinguished Sen-
ators from Ohio, Wisconsin, and New Jersey.
They look upon them as quasi enemies who
would abridge the great rights that are ac-
corded to them under the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Sir, let him keep his proud preeminence.
He is entitled to it. The day may come, per-
haps, when if waited upon at his residence by
a delegation of the colored men of the city of
Washington, to congratulate him upon the great
step which he has taken, he may say .to them
that even the Chief Magistrate of the nation
himself, who claims also to be the friend of
the colored man, did not step to the front
as ho has done, but that on the contrary, the
Chief Magistrate had dared to insinuate a re-
buke and to intimate that the Senator had no
business to put his amendment on the am-
nesty bill, and that he thought it unwise for
it to go there. I think the President was right
in that, but the colored men of this country
do not think with me. They think with the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Sir, I do not agree with my friend from Ne-
braska iu regard to the potential voice of the
Senator from Massachusetts. It is powerful
to build up and it is powerful to crush and
destroy. I will not insinuate that there are
upon this floor those who tremble when he
nods. But it may be that it might be wise
for such as there are here, those who would—
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift may follow fawning,"
to take counsel from the sage of Massachusetts.
Sir, I am not in that line myself. I am riot in
the habit of taking counsel, perhaps, as much
as I ought from him or from any other Senator.
I choose to follow where I think the path of
duty and common sense and the Constitution
of my country carries me, and not to be diverted
from that track by clamor or by popular
applause.
I leave the Senator in possession of the great
field; and it is no insignificant one—the full
possession of the control of the colored vote
of this country. It is a power politically, and
I am a fraid it is to be felt by its being solidi-
fied and controlled by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. If his voice is to reach my own
State, and if it is to alienate the entire colored
mass from me because of the course I choose
to pursue here, let it be so. It so happens
that I am under no very great obligations to
them at present, and their displeasure is not a
thing that will either frighten me or distress
me very greatly, though I most certainly
prefer their good to their ill will. I think I
understand this thing.
I had not thought once that I would say
it, but I will now say that I believe the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would be more dis-
appointed if this measure should carry before
the Senate and before the House of Repre-
sentatives than he ever was in his life; and
I am afraid that with his disappointment there
would be mingled a little regret, because the
thunder would cease to roll, and the public
mind would be done with this eternal agita-
tion, and would then turn to something else,
and this measure would no longer stand up
in the councils of the country to frighten Sen-
ators and Representatives from their propriety.
I do not think I deal harshly when I ascribe
motives like these to a politician. If they ave
unjust, the Senator will disclaim them. If it
be true that he is willing that his laurels shall
be garnered up, and that there shall be noth-
ing in the future for him after he has redeemed
this fallen and oppressed race, of which he
says so much, let him say it; but I have been
prone to think that agitation for the sake of
agitation had much to do with the Senator's
movements.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, it seems
quite evident that the vote cannot be reaehed
to-day, and I am unwilling to ask the Senate
to sit it out, for the reason that our friends,
the Democrats, have a caucus to-night, and
they will be compelled to be away ; but 1 will
ask the Senate, provided no new amendments
are offered, to begin to take the vote at three
o'clock to-morrow. I ask unanimous consent
to such an understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina asks unanimous con-
sent that, provided no new amendments are
offered, voting shall commence to-morrow at
three o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a provision which
will enable any man to defeat the arrangement.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think we ought to
understand the amendments now offered. If
other amendments are offered shaped differ-
ently, but substantially the same, they will not
be new amendments. The Republican party
have a caucus to-morrow night, I understand,
and that will prevent us sitting it out to-morrow
night. I therefore propose that we begin to
vote to-morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me we can
go on for an hour more to-day.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am perfectly willing.
Mr. MORTON. Let us vote on this amend-
ment now.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I did not propose to
adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are several execu-
tive messages on the table.
