828
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15",
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having heen presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law with-
out his approval.]
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Martin Watkins, of East Windsor, Connec-
ticut.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue two new bonds of fifty dollars each, with
coupons from that of January first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine to Martin Watkins, of
East Windsor, Connecticut, in place of two
coupon bonds of fifty dollars each, numbered
twenty-eight thousaud five hundred and sixty
and twenty-eight thousand five hundred and
sixty-one, respectively, act of March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and issue of
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, which said
bonds above named were destroyed by flood:
Provided, That before issuing the new bonds
the Secretary of the Treasury shall require
a sufficient bond of indemnity securing the
Government against the presentation of the
aforesaid bonds alleged to have been de-
stroyed.
AmiovED, April 29, 1872.
Chap. CXXV1II.-—-An Act for the Relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKinney.
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be paid,
out of any appropriation heretofore or here-
after to be made for the payment of salaries and
expenses of the judges and courts ofthe United
States, to Mrs. Frances A. McKinney, widow
and relict of John M. McKmney, late judge
of the United States district court for the south-
ern district of Florida, who died of yellow fever,
October thirteen, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, contracted ia discharge of his official
duties, the full amount of one year's salary of
the office held by her husband at the time of
of his death.
Approved, April 29, 1872.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Eliza Whiting.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Inteiiur be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Eliza Whithg, widow of the
late Brevet Brigadier General Henry Whiting,
and pay her a pension, to commence from the
passage of this act.
Approved, May 2, 1872.
Chap. CXXX1V.—An Act granting a Pension
to William Hutchison, minor sou of Joseph
Hutchison, deceased.
Beit enacted by the Senatearid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of William Hutchison, minor
son of Joseph Hutchison, deceased, of which
minor, Cicero Sims, of Clinton county, Indiaua,
is guardian.
Approved, May 2, 1872.
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mary Armstrong.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed toplace on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Mary Armstrong, widow of
Thos. Armstrong, of first battery of Vermont
light artillery.
Approved, May 2, 1872.
Chap. CXXXVI.—An Act granting a Pension
to John Carbaugh, a Private of Company A,
Forty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volun-
teers.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of John Carbaugh, a private
of company A, in the forty-sixth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers.
Approved, May 2, 1872.
Chap. CXXXVII.—An Act granting aPension
to the minor children of Frederick F. Day-
ton, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and lie is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, s lbject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of the minor children under
sixteen years of age of Frederick F. Dayton,
late private in company F, eleventh regiment
Indiana volunteers, as in the case of a widow
unmarried.
Approved, May 2, 1872.
Chap. CXXXVIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to the minor children of Amanda M.
Ritchey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thai. I he Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place oil the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of the minor children
under sixteen years of age of Amanda M.
Ritchey, deceased, widow of Powers Ritchey,
late a contract surgeon in the United States
Army.
Approved, May 2, 1872.
Chap. CL.—An Act for the Relief of G.
S. Baker, of Maryville, Missouri, for the
reissue of a certain Bond.
Beit enacted by the Senate and, House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and be is hereby, authorized to
issue a new bond lor fifty dollars, with cou-
pons from and including that of July first,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, to G. S.
Baker, of Maryville, Missouri, in place of a
five-twenty coupon bond, for a like amount,
number ninety-two thousand seven hundred
and eleven, act of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, issue of July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, said bond having
been destroyed by mutilation : Provided, That
before issuing the new bond the Secretary of
the Treasury shall require a sufficient bond of
indemnity, securing the Government against
the presentation of the bond alleged to be lost.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CLT.—-An Act for the Relief of Robert
Williams, jr., Collector Third District, Ohio.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers ofthe Treasury be authorized and
directed, in settling the accounts of Robert
Williams, jr., collector of internal revenue,
third district, Ohio, to credit and allow to him
such snm as they shall find was stolen from
his safe in beer, cigar, and internal revenue
stamps, by burglars, on the night of July third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine: Provided,
That there shall first be deducted from said
sum so stolen the amount recovered by said
Robert Williams, jr., and that nothing shall
be allowed for expenses in recovering the
same: And provided further, That such ac-
counting officers shall be satisfied, by compe-
tent testimony, that all such stamps were stolen
without any default or negligence on the part
of said Williams or his agents.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CLIV.—An Act directing tlie proper
Officers in the Treasury Department to credit
John Seys, of Ohio, the sum therein men-
tioned.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers in the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, directed to audit and
allow to John Seys, of Ohio, formerly minis-
ter resident and consul general of the United
States at Liberia, in the final adjustment and
settlement of his accounts as such minister,
the sum of eleven hundred and sixty-one dol-
lars and sixty-four cents, it being the amount
of his salary as minister for the period of one
hundred and six days, occupied by him in
coming to the United States and returning to
Liberia, in eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, May 10, 1872.
Chap. CLV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Elizabeth Harding.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Elizabeth Harding,
mother of Jasper H. Harding, late a private
in company A of the seventy-sixth regiment
of Pennsylvania volunteers, to take effect from
the passage of this act.
Approved, May 10, 1872.
Chap. CLXVI.—An Act authorizing the issue
of Clothing to certain enlisted men of Com-
pany B, Fourteenth Regiment of Infantry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United Statesof America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue
clothing in lieu of and equal in value to that
lost by those enlisted men of company B, of
the fourteenth regiment of infantry, whose
quarters in the barracks at Fort D. A. Russell,
Wyoming Teriitory, were destroyed by fire on
the morning of the sixth day of February,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Approved, May 15, 1872.
Chap. CLXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
George C. Haynie.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A mcrica in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral is hereby direcied to pay to George C.
Haynie, late captain of company A, second
