1T76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
POST ROADS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TAFF'E. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for reference and printing a bill to
establish certain post roads in the State of
Nebraska. I make tliis motion, instead of
having the bill referred at the Clerk's desk
tinder the rule, because I desire to have it
printed for the information of the people inter-
ested.
There was.no objection; and the bill (H. R.
No. 2018) was introduced, read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
, Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. E. No. 2019) to exempt appro-
priations for public buildings from the restric-
tions imposed by the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
00, 1871, and for other purposeswhich was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
:Mr. STOWELL.byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2020) to remove legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States from certain
persons therein named in the State of Virginia:
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
HEIRS OF BENJAMIN HARVEY.
Mr. SHOEMAKER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2021) for the
relief of Benjamin Harvey and Jameson Har-
vey, heirs and legal representatives of Benja-
min Harvey, deceased ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
. Mr. CPJTCH.BR, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. E. No. 2022) for the
relief of certain persons therein named from
legal and political disabilities ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
LYBtA. DUNKIRK.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2028) granting a pension to Lydia Dunmire ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2024) for the removal
of the political disabilities of sundry persons
therein named; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
TITLES OP BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
make one suggestion to gentlemen, not, of
course, aiming at any one member at all. The
parliamentary law requires that a title of a bill
shall be perspicuous, so that it shall fairly in-
dicate what the bill is, but it does not require
that the bill shall all be written in its title.
There area great many bills presented here
with titles as long as and some of them a lit-
tle longer than the bill itself. There is no par-
liamentary requirement that members shall
do that.
SURPtDS IN TUB TREASURY.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the following preamble and
resolution be adopted:
, Whereas, according to the monthly statement of
the Secretary of the Treasury, there was a cash bal-
ance on hand in the Treasury on the 1st instant of
$124,868,745 85; and whereas this large sum was with-
drawn from circulation by taxation; and whereas
neither the public necessities nor a sound policy of
finance can require acashreservo of such magnitude,
which not only produces no interest, bat prevents
income by its disastrous effect upon trade and com-
merce ; and whereas there is a dearth of the circu-
lating medium, and the necessary moneyed facilities
in consequence, which is retarding business, distress-
ing borrowers, and oppressing industries: Therefore,
llesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to extend relief to the people by the dis-
bursement of such a proportion of the cash on hand
as will, be consistent with safety and the imme-
diate liabilities of the Treasury and its accruing
resources, to the end that trade and commerce may
be revived and the industries and interests of the
people be promoted.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow that resolution to be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WOOD. I would rathernot do so, Mr.
Speaker.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the gentleman will
not undertake to establish a financial policy
on "whereases" under a suspension of the
rules, but will submit it to the committee.
There is a little too much "whereas" about
it to be adopted under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. WOOD. I think it requires no consid-
eration by any committee to determine the
question .that at this time so large a balance
as $125,000,000 is unnecessary as a cash
reserve.
Mr. DAWES. I trust that if the gentleman
declines to have the resolution referred the
House will not suspend the rules and pass it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 80, nays 80, not voting 65; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Bock. Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Coburn, Connor, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland,
Darrall. Dox, Du Boso Duke, Eldredge, Forkor,
Henry D. Foster, Oarrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, llanks. Harper, Hay,
llerndon, Hibbard, Ilolman, Kendall, Kerr, Kins:,
Leach, Lewis.Lyneh.Manson, Marshall, McOlolland,
McCormick. McIIenry, Mclntyre.MeNeely.Morgan,
Niblaiilt. Jili Ferry, Randall, Hoail, Edward Y. Itice,
John M. Rico, Ritchie, Robinson, Scofieid, Shanks,
Sheldon, rih or wo oil, Sh niter, Shoemaker, Slater, Slo-
cum, Sloss, It. Milton Sneer, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Swann, Sypher, Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whitthornc, Williams of
Indiana, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Beatty, Beve-
ridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George M,
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burohard, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Congor, Cotton, Creely, Crocker,
Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dunnell, Eames, Farns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Hale, llarmer, (jeorgo E. Harris. Havens,
llawlcy, Hays, Gerry \VV!iazelton,.John W. Hazel-
ton, Hoar, Houghton, Kelloy, Kotchain, Lansing,
Lowo, Maynard, McGrew, McJunkin, Mercur.Mer-
riarn, Monroe, Moore, Leonard MyersJN egley, Orr,
Packer, Packard, Palmer, Isaao C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Porco, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Prindlo, Ellis II. Roberts. Sargent, Sawyer,
Seeley, John A. Smith, Suapp, Thomas J. Speer,
Stoughton. Stowell, Strong, Tatr'e. Thomas, Turner,
Twiehei], Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Joremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—8(3.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barry, Bell, Biggs, Boles, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark,
Coghlan, Comingo, Davis, Do Large, Duell, Elliott,
Ely, Farwell, Fryo, Garfiold, Goodrich, Halsey,
Hambleton, John T. Harris, Hereford, Hill. Hooper,
Iiellogg, Killinger, Kinsella, La.mison, Lamport,,
McCrary, McKee, MeKinney. Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morey, Morphis, Hosea W.
Parker, Porter, Potter, Price, Rainey, William
R. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sessions,
Shellabarger, II. Boardman Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Snyder, Spraguo, Starkweather, St.
John. Sutherland, D',right Townsend, Washing-
ton Townsend, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wallace, and
Walls—fc>5.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
CONGRESSIONAL DEBATES.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the rules be so
suspended as to take from the Speaker's table
for consideration at this time Senate bill No.
681 to provide for the reporting and printing
of the debates in Congress.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] to allow this bill
to be referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations. It is an appropriation bill making an
appropriation of $400,000.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot change my motion.
This is a bill to pay a debt now of $160,000,
and which is increasing daily, for work done
under contract.
Mr. BEATTY. It is a bill which never has
been considered by a committee of this House,
and there is no contract.
Mr. KELLEY. I presume the bill, if
brought before this House, will be subject to
consideration. I ask that it be brought before
the House for consideration.
The SPEAKER. The motion indicated by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] will
be in order, if the House shall choose, after
the bill has been brought before the House.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to debate the motion to bring the bill
before House?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the
motion is to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCOFIELD.
liamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER.
I desire to make a par-
Thegentleman will state
it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It requires a two-thirds
vote to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And that will bring the
bill before the House for consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And when once before
the House for consideration, will a majority
vote pass the bill?
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman any
doubt upon that point?
Mi-. SCOFIELD. I cannot say that I have.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman has any
doubt upon any point audi will come to the
Chair, the Chair will endeavor to inform him.
But the Chair must object to having arguments
injected in the form of parliamentary inqui-
ries.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
a question about a matter in regard to which
I have some doubts. If this bill is brought
before the House will it then be in order to
send it to the Committee of the Whole on the
ground that it contains an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The motion
in terms is to bring the bill before the House
for consideration at this time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Under the
rules, or without the rules?
The SPEAKER. If it is brought before
the House upon this motion for considera-
tion now, it will not be subjectto any point of
order that would take it away from the con-
sideration of the House. It must be disposed
of by the House. If the gentleman on whose
motion it shall be brought before the House
desires the floor, it will be the duty of the
Chair to recognize him, and he can then test
the sense of the House with whatever motion
he may choose. If the House shall refuse to
sustain him, the Chair will then recognize the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] to move
the reference of the bill to the Committee on
Appropriations, if he desires to make that
motion, or the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] can yield to him for that pur-
pose.
Mr. KELLEY. I will yield to any gentle-
man who wants information, or for discussion
of the bill, within the hour.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported
for information.
The bill was read. The first section directs
the Congressional Printer to enter into a con-
tract with Franklin Rives, Jefferson Rives, and
George A. Bailey for the reporting and print-
ing of the debates in Congress for the term of
two years, on and from the 4th day of March,
187lj.in accordance with a proposed form of
contract from the said Rives & Bailey, submit-
