1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
rttjim'-iit North Carolina mounted infantry,
o.n of H'iv mot.ev impropriated for the pay of
the A'iti;., the lull pay and allowances of a
cup'am or infantry, from the filteentli day of
Si j<t(-rnbf-r, eighteen hundred ami sixty-three,
to ilie >-.xtpenth day uf August, eighteen hun-
dred at d s-ixty file.
ArrnovKii, March 15. 1872.
Chap CLXVIH.—An Act granfinga Pension
to Sarah McNana.
Be it euarled by the Senate and House of Rep-
resenta!ices nj the United States of America in
Cony text assembled, That the Secretary of the
Imtrioi be, and he is hereby, authorized and
diit-cted to place on the pension roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name [of] 8arah McNana,
widow of James McNaria, deceased, late a
ptivate in company C, first regiment of Ver-
mont atttliery, and the names of their children
und  r MXteen year3 of age, and pay them a
pen.-ioti fruui the passage of this act.
Appuoved, May 15. 1872.
Chap. CXC.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
F. Tracy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives iifilie United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'lhai the sum of fourteen
thousand six hundred and fifty dollars be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
moriejsin the Trea-ury not otherwise appro-
priated, to enable the Secretary of tiie Inte-
rior to 'iiiiemnify Chailes F. fracv for losses
by depredation- commuted by Apache Indians
in May, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Appr.ovt;i>, .May 21. 1*72.
Chap. CXCI.—An Act. for the Relief of Robert
\j. D. Burcblield.
Tie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
reseiiiuuccs<j lite L nitcd Statesoj America in
Congics assembled, 1 hat the Paymaster Gen-
erit K-, in-reiiv directed to pay to Robert L. D.
Buielitii Id. hue second lieutenant of company
1), .ho 1 North Carolina mounted infantry,out
ot any money appropriated for the pay of the
Artuy ;he fait pay at.d allowances of a second
lieutenant, of m'antry from I he first day of Jan-
uary, eightei-n bundled and sixty-five, to the
eighth day of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, May 21, 1S72.
Ciiap. CXOII —An Act for the Relief of Fannie
M. Jackson, of Tennessee.
die il enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United State* oj America in
Congress assembled, 1 fiat the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Fannie M Jackson, of the Stale of Ten ties
see, the sum of fourteen hundred dollars, being
in fuil for twelve bales of cotton seized by
aaents of the Tteasury Department, soid,_aud
the proO'-eus covered into the freasuiy of the
Umrc d Mutes.
Approved, May 21, 1872.
Chap. 0CV1II.—An Act for the Relief of
Wuiiain Nixon, of YY est A irginia.
Be if enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
reserlafire.i oj the United States of America in ;
Congress assembled, lhat the Secretary of the I
J ivi.'iin is lirreoy directed and required to |
p-iy to U .ilium Nixon, of West Y ir^inm, out j
ot s-ti\ ituttiM in tin,' I lensury no! ottierwise ;
aopi pn.Irit, the nun of five bundled and j
Ft-vt-i t- -' uie il■ •!I.ii'.- ci11ti stx'y-ihree cetits, the j
sanit* t.t'i1,^ ihe amount found doe the said
Y\ tiii.mt Nixon ('il tin1 tweitth day ot January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six. for carrying
the mail ptior to that time under contract with
the Post Office Department, but which was
not- called for by him until the balance of the
fund for the payment of such claims was cov-
ered into the Treasury in pursuance of the law
in that regard made and provided.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCIX.—An Act to Appropriate to
Henry Clay Williams a sum of Money
found due him on the adjustment of his
Accounts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the UniUd States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of five hun-
dred dollars be, and the same hereby is, appro-
priated to Henry Clay Williams, the same
being a balance due him upon the adjustment
of his accounts as receiver of the land office
at Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
Appp.oved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCX.—An Act for the Relief of Robert
A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and be is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Robert A. Mayo, of Rich-
mond, Virginia, the sum of one thousand five
hundred and seven dollars and fifty-nine cms;
the same to be in full of balances due him on
account of reservation bills for tobacco fur-
nished the United States Navy Department,
under contract existing during the years eight-
een hundred and sixty and eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCXI.—An Act for the Relief of H. C.
Christopher, G. W. Beard, C. A. Uber,
Edward Stiles, and N. H. Lamdin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That H. C. Christopher,
Q. Y\". Beard, C. A. Uber, and Edward Siiles
shall, from and after the passage of this act,
be entitled to and receive, while on the retired
list, the pay of retired second assistant etigiu. -
eers in tue Navy.
Sec. 2, That the President of the United
States is hereby authorized to appoint N. H.
Lamdin, at the foot of the active list, a second
assistant engineer in the United States Navy.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCXII.—An Act for the Relief of S. B.
Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, Jchn YV.
Mitchell, and William YVebater.
Be it enacted bv the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, lhat tuere be paid, outof
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to S. B. Mitchell, Geoige YV. Mitch-
ell, and John \V. Mitchell, the owners of the
schooner "Thomas J. irazier," sunk while
m the service of the United S.a'es by a shot
from the United States frigate "Congress,"
during the engagement between the said " Con-
gress'' and the rebel vessel i- Merritnac," the
sum of two thousand five hundred and ninety-
two dollars and eighty-seven cents, that being
the amount paid by the owners for repairing
the said schooner " Thomas J. Frazier,' and
the sum ot four hundred and sixt)-six dollats
and fifty cents to William Y\ ebster for raising
thesrne.
Approved, May 23, 1872.
Chap. CCXLV—An Act for the Relief of
James F. Joy,
Be il enacted by the SenateandHouseofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America ill
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to deliver to James F.
Joy possession of the premises purchased by
him September fifih, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, known as the marine hospital and
grounds, at Chicago, Illinois, and to pay said
Joy, out of any moneys in the Treasuiy not
otherwise appropriated, interest from Septem-
ber fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, at
the rate of six per centum per annum, upon
one hundred and thirty-two thousand dollars,
being the amount paid by said Joy to the Uni-
ted States for said premises two years previous,
and that such interest shall be so paid until
delivery of said premises shall be made.
Approved, May 25, 1872.
Chap. CCXV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Elizabeth O'Neill.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of thepension
laws, tbe name of Elizabeth O'Neill, uepend-
ent mother of John O'Neill, late a private in
company I, United States mounted rifles, and
pay her a pension from and after the passage
of this act.
Approved, May 25, 1872.
Chap. CCXVI.—An Act for the Relief of J.
Ross Browne, late Minister to China.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to J. Ross Browne, late
minister of the United States to China, the
sum of three thousand seven hundred and
seventy-four dollars and eleven cents, in full
compensation for the period from the eleventh
day of April to tbe fourth day of August, both
inclusive, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, at
the rate of his salary while wai ing for orders
and in transit to China ; and the further sum of
two thousand one hundred and thirty-Jour dol-
lars, in full compensation for certain extra
expenses incurred by him while discharging
his duties as minister.
Approved, May 25, 1872.
Chap. CCXVI I.—An Act for the Relief of
YViiliatn Blanchard.
Be it enactedbij the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid out of
the 1'reasury, from any money not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of two hundred and
nineteen dollars and sixteen cents, being the
amount paid by said Blanchard to witnesses
by him detained at Melbourne, Australia, to
be sent to the United States, to testify in rela-
tion to an alleged murder committed on board
the American ship Hetben.
Approved, May 25, 1872. -
, Chap. CCXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
| Mrs. Martha L. House Russell,
j Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
I resentativesofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, lhat the Secretary of the
' Treasury is hereby directed to pav, from any
I moneys in the Treasury of the United States
! not otherwise appropriated, to Mrs. Mar ha
! L, House Russell, formerly Martha L. House,
I the sum of eleven thou^'ind six hundred
j seventy five dollars, in fuil compensation lor
I the losses sustained by her in the lattei part
j of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
| and the early part of January, eighteen huu-
| died and sixty-three, by the appropriation and
