1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S1
Several Senators. Vote; vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not certain that the
Senate is prepared to vote. If I were, I would
not interpose. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-one,
noes not counted; and the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business.
After thirty-five minutes spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate (at four o'clock and fifty minutes p.
m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 7, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. (J. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
copyright bill.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the
copyright bill H. R. No. 470 be printed for the use
of the House.
Mr, COX. I introduced the bill referred to
in the resolution just read. I ask leave to make
a verbal correction in that bill before the extra
copies of it are printed.
The SPEAKER. That will be done, if
'there be no objection.
No objection was made.
The resolution was then adopted.
documents in folding-room.
Mr. BEATTY, from the slme committee,
also reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Besolved, That the superintendent of the folding-
room of the House of Representatives be, and he is
hereby, directed to make out, under the direction of
the Committee on Printing, A complete inventory of
the public documents now on hand, and that he be
authorized to employ such additional force as said
committee may deem sufficient to enable him to do
the work promptly.'
printing op house journal.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution:
Besolmd, That the Congressional Printer is di-
rected to discontinue furnishing to the document-
robm of the House the Journal in sheets for the use
of member?; this resolution not to be construed as
discontinuing the bound copies of the Journal furn-
ished to members at the close of each session.
Mr- HOLMAN. I think that resolution is
very proper. So far as I know members have
' not been furnished with the sheets of the Jour-
nal from day to day as they come in. I think
the resolution a very proper one, and should
he adopted.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the
votes by which the foregoing resolutions were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table;
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF CUSTOMS.
' Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of the National Reform
Association suggesting corrections and modi-
fications of the laws relating to the collection
of the customs revenue, and the manner of
ascertaining values of imports; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
aM ordered to be printed.
survey op cherokee lands.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, asking for an
appropriation to pay the expenses of the sur-
vey of the Cherokee strip adjoining the south-
ern boundary of Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
. \ CLAIMS FOR HORSES AND MOLES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
42c Cong. 2dSess.—No. 56.
the Secretary of the Treasury in answer to a
resolution of the House of January 30, 1872,
in relation to the number of claims for pay
for horscs or mules lost by officers or privates
while in the service of the United States during
the late war ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
major george w. burcuard.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War in relation to Major
George W. Burchard, late of the twenty-fifth
Arkansas colored volunteers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
election contest—bowes vs. de large.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House additional papers
relating to the contested election of Bowen vs.
De Large from the second congressional dis-
trict of South Carolina ; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
duty on rice.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a concurrent reso-
lution of the General Assembly of South Car-
olina, in relation to the repeal of the protective
duty on rice; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
commercial relations.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of State, transmitting, in
compliance with the acts of August 16, 1842,
and August 18, 1856, a report on the commer-
cial relations of the United States with foreign
nations for the year ending September SO,
1871; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. B. P. Meters for ten days,
to Mr. Rogers for five days, and to Mr. Smith
of Vermont, indefinitely.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
papers in the case of Lieutenant Commander
Frederick Pearson, of the United States Navy.
bridge across this mississippi.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1414) authorizing
the construction of a wagon and railroad
bridge across the Mississippi river at Quincy,
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals.
educational fund.
Mr. ELDRIDEE. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the bill reported from the Committee
on Education and Labor, being bill (H. R. No.
1043) to establish an educational fund, and to
apply the proceeds of the public lands to the
education of the people. The previous ques-
tion is operating. The first question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to section one the following:
Provided, That this act shall not have any effect
to repeal, impair, or suspend any law now authoriz-
inar tlie preemption of public lands, or the entry 01
public lands for homesteads, nor as hmuing "  "J*
manner the power of Congress to alter or extend the
right of homesteads upon such lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The nest question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Griffith,] which will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the end of section one add the following pro-
viso : :
And provided further, That nothing contained in
this section shall be held to limit or abridge the
power of Congress over the public domain, or inter-
fere with granting bounty lands to the soldiers and
sailors of our late war.
Mr. PERCE. Is not the substanee of this
amendment embraced in the amendment of
the gentleman from Vermont just adopted?
The SPEAKER. The two amendments will
be again read.
The Clerk read the amendments.
Mr. PERCE. I will inquire of the Chair
whether the two propositions are not substan-
tially the same ?
Mr. RANDALL. I think not.
The SPEAKER. This inquiry is in the
nature of debate, which is not in order. The
Chair, however, sees an essential difference
between the amendments.
The amendment of Mr. Griffith was agreed
to; there being—aye's ninety-eight, noes not
counted.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
an amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holmax,] which the Clerk will
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to section two the following:
Provided, however, That after the passage of this
act no public lands of the United States shall be
sold exeept mineral land and town sites, and all the
public lands of the United States adapted to agri-
culture shall be reserved for actual settlers under
the provisions of the homestead laws, subject, how-
ever, to land warrants and college scrip issued by
authority of Congress, and the grants which Congress
shall hereafter make in the Territories and new
States for the purposes of eduoation.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 78, noes 75.
Mr. PERCE. I call for tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 103, nays 107, not voting
29; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler Arthur,
Barnum, Beatty.Beck, Beveridge, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, James (J. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll. Coghlan. Co-
mingo. Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Cross-
land, Davis, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eldridge, Ely,
Farnsworth, Finkclnburg, Forker, Garrett, Getz,
Goliad ay. Griffith, Haldeman, Hancock. Handley,
Hanks. Harper. John T.Harris, Hawley.Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman. Houghton, Kerr,
King, Lamison, Leach. Lewi4*, Manson, Marshall.
McClelland, McCorniiek, McHenry. Molntyre,
McKinney, McNeely, Mcrriok, Moore, Morgan,
Niblack, Orr, Hosea W. Parker. Eh Perry, Potter,
Price, Randall, Read.Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William E. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sloss, Stevens, Storm,
Swann, Terry, Dwight Townsend, Anting. Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Walden.
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and
^NA^S—Messrs. Averill. Banks, Barber, Barry,
Bigby, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Bufflnton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler.
Roderick R. Butler, Freeman Clarke. William T.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Creely, Darral ,
Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Bunnell, Barnes, I arwell.
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye. Garfield.
Goodrich, Hale, Halsev. Harmer, GeorgeJ. Harris,
Havens, Hays, Gerry W. Hasleton. JohnW. Hazle-
ton, Hill, Hoar, Kelley, Kellogg, Keteham, Kil-
linger, Lamport, Lansing. Lowe Lynch, Moynard,
McGrew, McJunkin, MoKoe, Mercur, Merriam,
Monroe, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Packard, Packer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck. Pendleton,
Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt. Poland Porter,
Rainey. Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley.
Sessions. Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith. Snapp, Ihornas J.
Sneer Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stougn-
ton, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Taffe,
Washington Townsend, Turner, lyner. Upson,
Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler,
"Whiteley, Willard. Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—10i.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Bell,
Dawes, De Large. Edwards. Elliott. Henry D. Fos-
ter, Hambleton, Hooper. Kendall, Kinsella, Mc-
flrarv Beniamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Palmer,
Prindle, Kogers, Sargent, Scofield,®e0r"
cum. H. Board man Smitb, Snyder, R Milton bwer,
St. John, Sypher, Twiehell. and Williams of JNew
York—29, . ,
So Mr. Holman*s amendment was rejected*
