4466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
a cession by Ohio is necessary to vest polit-
ical jurisdiction iu the United States over
land acquired in Ohio by the United States
for public purposes. Why not make short work
of it and say at once that the .United States by
a proceeding in her owi} courts coald divest
the political jurisdiction of the State of Ohio
oyer the land in question? As well say so as
say that the United States can acquire the pro*
prietary title to the same lands by a proceed-
iag in their own courts.
Why, Mr. President, this claim of eminent
1 domain in the United States to lands in Ohio
seems to me utterly untenable. The State of
Ohio herself has not a particle of right to
condemn lands within her limits or permit
them to be condemned except by virtue of her
eminent domain. What right of eminent do-
main have the United Slates to lands within
the State of Ohio? How can two Govern-
ments have the same paramount title to the
same lands at the same time ?
In the multitude of decided cases I do not
say there may not be some whieli give color
to this bill. One such case 1 have in my mind 
a case in the State court of Kentucky, in
respect of a post road, if 1 remember rightly.
But on the other hand there are more cases
than one iu the Supreme Court of the United
States looking in the contrary direction. One
of them, the well-known Mobilo case of Pol-
lard's lessee, expressly holds, according to my
recollection, that the United States have no
right of eminent domain to lands within a
State, nor to any land except those over
which they have the right of exclusive legis-
lation, as for instance in the District of Colum-
bia aud in the Territories.
The right of eminent domain is a sovereign
right as old at least as the lime of the Ho
mans. Jt was a right known to the Ho man
law. It was regulated by fixed rules. Com-
pensation was provided for. It was not loft
to our American civilization or our institu-
tions to fix the law that private property should
not be taken except for public purposes, and
then only on making compensation. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Frkunohoysem]
in the last debate on tins bill, protested the
other day against the idea of*' a great Gov-
ernment" going down 'on its knees when-
ever it wants a lot of ground for a post office
or a custom-house.
Mr. FRKUNGIIUYSBN. With the con-
sent of the Senator from California 1 will say
that X made no allusion to a great Government
going down on its knees. 1 said that a great
Government must have the power to carry out
the purposes for whioh it was created. At
least if 1 did say anything about going on its
knees, it has passed my mind.
Mr. CASSliRLY. The Senator has for-
gotten his own words.
Mr. F REL1N GM U YS E N. If the Senator
will permit mo, I should like to ask him what
consideration he gives to that article of the
Constitution which provides that just com-
pensation shall be made where property is
taken, if the Government has no right to take
property ?
Mr. CASSERLY, I will cometo that pres-
ently. I have to say now that the Senator
from New Jersey has forgotten what he said
so recently. All the Senators about mo
remember it distinctly. I remember it because
it struck me as rather a peculiar way of put-
ting the question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
it is material whether 1 said it or not; but I
do not think I did say it.
Mr. CASSEBLY. I think the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] responded at the
moment and protested against the language.
Now, sir, let me say that f think it ig no loss
of dignity in the Government of the United
States,_ great as it is, to be required to proceed
according to its own Constitution and laws. A
great Government is never so great as when it
submits itself cordially and frankly to the do-
minion of law. The difficulty of the present
hour is that in the confusion of ideas which has
seized hold of men, even those trained to the
law, a demand made by a Government so great
as the Government of the United States seems
to be sufficient to exclude' all questions of
constitutional power.
The Senator [Mr, FRELiNGHnTSEN] asks me
bow I construe the clause of the Constitution
that compensation shall be made for private
property taken for public uses. Why, Mr.
President, that is a provision which binds the
Government of the United States just as much
as it binds a railroad company or as it binds a
State. How can you ascertain the compensa-
tion except by proceedings laken in a qualified
tribunal? Is the power that takes the lands,
whether it be the United States or the State
of Ohio, or a railroad company, to determine
the question of compensation against the will
of the owner of the property ?
Mr. President, it is with great regret that I
find a measure of this magnitude brought for-
ward at this late period of the session. I
think it ought not, now to be pressed. In jus-
tice to Senators who desire to discuss this bill,
which comes here without the sanction of any
committee, it ought to be laid aside until the
next session of Congress. If Cincinnati cares
so little about the construction of a post office
and court-house for the United States within
her limits that she will not cede the land to
the United States, or if there is such a temper
among her people that they will not sell the
land at a reasonable price, then I confess my
surprise.
Mr. SHKRMAN. I hope the Senator from
California will not say anything of that kind.
In Cincinnati there is an eager desire, for I
have been telegraphed by men of both polit-
ical parties in regard to ihis matter. The dif-
ficulty in the way is that in the case of one of
the sites which Is proposed there are minor
heirs, from whom a good title cannot be had
except by condemnation. In other cases there
are difficulties in making title ; and this is a
mode of getting title. 1 have no doubt full
price will be given and there will be no diffi-
culty in the way. It is only beeause of the
extreme anxiety of the people of Cincinnati
that my colleague and I are here pressing this
bill, with the consent, I believe, of every mem-
ber of the delegation from Ohio. The bill
passed the House of Representatives with no
serious objection, and I hope the Senate will
pass it. My reason for pushing it is simply
because I am pressed by my constituents to
secure its passage.
Mr. STOCKTON. I Bhould like to ask a
question for information. The course these
things take, according to my understanding,
is that after a bill is passed making an appro-
priation for a public building a commission is
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury ;
that commission consists usually of the district
judge, the assessor of internal revenue, or
the collector, and the postmaster of the city
where the building ia to be located.
Mr, SHKHMAN. All those proceedings
have been gone through with, and the com-
mission is now in Cincinnati, composed of the
most eminent men. The postmaster is one;
Mr. Groesbeck, formerly a member of Con-
gress, is another. There are five commission-
ers, leading citizens of Cincinnati. What
they desire is to do the best they can for the
Government. They will not use this law
unless it is necessary. If they select certain
property it will be necessary, beeause, first,
there are heirs——
Mr. STOCKTON. I wanted to ask the Sen-
ator whether the report of that commission is
here so that we can see it. The Senator states
that in one ease this will be necessary to make
the title. He did not give us the reason in the
other case. The commission generally determ-
ine upon a site; they report that site to the
Secretary of the Treasury; they advertise for
proposals; they report all the proposals to the
Treasury Department with price of each site,
its situation and advantages, giving their opin-
ion as to which they prefer. Sometimes the
commission differ. Now, whether the fact
appears or does not appear by that report, is
what I am trying to get at.
Mr. SHERMAN. The report is here in
print, but I have not got it with me now.
Mr. STOCKTON. I only want to know
whether the fact does or does not appear that
the city of Cincinnati and citizens there have
taken advantage of the passage of this law to
raise the price of certain lots so as to prevent
the fair carrying out of the law. The reason
I ask that question is this: as a member
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, 1 know that that committee has
hardly been able to resist the hundreds, I
might almost say thousands, of applications
from all parts of the country, There seems
to be a mania all over the country everywhere
to get the Government to put up public build-
ings. Petitions come in by hundreds and
thousands. There are a hundred applications
now, perhaps, that the committee have not
acted on. There are gentlemen pressing us
at these very last minutes of the session.
Some places are ready to give the land if the
Government will put up a public building.
Sometimes pities buy sites for the purpose.
Again, public-spirited individuals go aud buy a
site. _ 1 agree with the Senator from California
in his objection, and I so expressed myself
the other day. This is the first time that Con-
gress has proposed to set such an example.
These gentlemen asked for an appropriation,
and received, 1 presume, all they asked for
this public building, and now come back and
say "We cannot buy the land; we wish to
condemn it." And all this is to be done with-
out ever referring the bill to the committee
that authorized the building to be erected. I
do say it is stepping beyond the position iu
which the Senate ought to put themselves.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio nearest the Chair [Mr. Sher-
man] to say now, in answer to the wonder
expressed by me why it was that in the whole
city of Cincinnati it was not possible for the
United States to acquire by the ordinary mode
of purchase or gift land enough for the pur-
pose desired, that as to the title to the par-
ticular land:! sought to be reached by this bill
there is ti <! Uicuity, owing to the fact that a
portion of the title is in minors or lunatics,
or persona otherwise incompetent to convey.
That answer only increases my wonder. Is it
possible that in all the city of Cincinnati there
is only this one piece, of ground ? Is it, possi-
ble there are not plenty of lots and parcels of
land as to which no such difficulty exists?
Why, sir, the more we consider this bill the
more our attention is attracted to it, and to
the circumstance of its being brought forward
at this late day of the session. The Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Stocktox] has just
stated another objection, that this bill has not
been allowed to take the usual course; it has
not been allowed to go before the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds. It seems to me
that this bill has every possible objection that
can existto such a bill. The Senator from Ohio,
I understand, merely wishes to clear himself
of responsibility to his constituents. I am
glad to hear the Senator say so much. I am
glad of it beeause it shows that he feels with
me that a bill of this novelty and of this im-
portance ought not to be pressed in the expir-
ing moments of the session. The Senate will
keep in mind that the State of Ohio has ceded
nothing to the United States in regard to
these lands except the political jurisdiction
of the State.
Now. sir, the State of Ohio has not ceded
to the United States any right of eminent do-
main in any degree or in any sense whatever.
How could she? Of course she could not.
She could authorize the United States, though,
to take proceedings in her courts for the con-
