2674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
April 23,
the Mississippi river, repotted adversely there-
on, and moved its indefinite postponement;
■which, was agreed to.
, Mr, FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, to whom was referred
•the bill (S. No. 694) to prevent cruelty to ani-
mals while in transit by railroad or other means
of transportation within the United States,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 987) to authorize the Secretary of
. the Treasury to settle the account of Henry
Warren, late depositary, Oregon City, Oregon,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
191) to establish the collection districts of Bis
cayue and Tampa, in tbe State of Florida,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment, and to ask the concurrence of the
Senate in the amendment and the passage of
the bill with the amendment. As the bill is
very brief, and is simply of local importance to
the State of Florida, 1 desire to have it con-
sidered at this time.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 should like to inquire
if there is any recommendation of this bill from
the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. SPENCER. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury recommends it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
recommendation road.
Mr. SPENCER. The letter is in the com-
mittee-room. The bill will have to go over if
the Senator insists upon that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers do
not accompany the bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the memorial of
D. H. London, asking for the establishment
of the national exchequer of America, asked
to be discharged from its farther consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HILL, Irom"the'Committee ori Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Frederick Vincent,* submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1020)
for the relief of Frederick Vincent, adminis-
trator of James Le Caze, surviving partner-of
Le Caze & Mallet.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
279) to repeal section one of an act to amend
an act entitled ''An act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Idaho,
approved March 3, 1863," approved March 2,
1867, have directed me to report it back with-
out recommendation. The committee stood
three to three. I want to call it up for con-
sideration on Thursday morning.
C. o. SHEPARD.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 851) to empower C.
O. Shepard, charge d'affaires at Japan, to
draw his salary as such officer, to report it
back to the Senate with an amendment. It is
a bill of but a few words to settle an account,
and therefore I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take it up immediately.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to allow C. O. Shep-
ard, charge d'affaires of the United States of
America at Japan, from the 23d of December,
1871, until relieved from that office, to draw
his pay for his services at the rate of fifty per
cent, allowed by law during the same period
to the minister of the United States at the
same post.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to add the
following proviso:
Provided, That during the time for which fifty per
cent, of the salary is allowed the said C. 0. Shepard
shall not be entitled to pay as consul at Kanagawa,
Japan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry to disturb
the Committee on Foreign Relations, but we
have a statute which positively forbids extra
allowances to officers performing duties in this
manner. I wish to inquire what is the object
of this special legislation, and why it should
not apply to all cases if it applies to this?
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, it does not contemplate new legislation at
all. There is a law by which consuls when
acting as diplomatic agents shall receive a
certain compensation which amounts to about
the same as this. This gentleman is tilling
the office of charg6 now, while the minister is
in the United States with the commissioners
and ministers from Japan. It will be but for
a short time. We made no alteration in the
law, and give him only about five hundred
dollars more than he would get by settling his
accounts now in a roundabout way. The com-
mittee were unanimous on the subject, and
we iuserted that proviso to prevent the Gov-
ernment from suffering any loss.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if I understand it,
it is to give him $500 more for performing this
service while the minister is at home, than the
law would give him.
Mr. CAMERON. Not the law, but the
regulations of the Department would give him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why is an exception
made in this case so as to make it different
from other similar cases ?
Mr. CAMERON. The reason for the ex-
ception in this case is that this gentleman has
taken charge of a very important mission in the
absence of the minister ; that he has to leave
his consulate and go into the interior of the
country some three hundred or three hundred
and fifty miles, at an additional expense, and we
have allowed him $500 a year to cover all those
expenses. It is undoubtedly a fair compensa-
tion, a very trifling one at best, and he does
the whole duty of the minister. He gets nothing-
as consul. There ought to be no objection to
it at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not going to inter-
pose my single power of objecting. I merely
wish to have the Globe show that I think it a
bad precedent, and I am opposed to it myself
on the statement that has been made. Of
course the Senate can pass it if they choose to
do so.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1018) granting the right of way to the Dakota
Grand Trunk Railway Company, in the Terri-
tory of Dakota; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1019) for the relief of John L. Buck, of
Pine Bluff, Arkansas; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
OUTRAGES IN THE CHEROKEE NATION.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Department of Justice be, and
hereby is. directed to furnish to the Senate of the
United States copies of any papers on file since April
A. D. 1865, relating to acts of United States marshals
or deputy marshals in that portion of the western
district of Arkansas now comprising the Indian
country; also all information in thepossessionofthe
Department relating to the late outrages at Whit-
more, Barren Fork, in the Cherokee nation.
Mr. POMEROY subsequently said: I ask
to have my resolution modified so that it shall
request the President for the information, if
not incompatible with the public interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection thai modification will be made.
CANAL ACROSS MINNESOTA POINT.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
that I introduced on Saturday last, asking
information from the same Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill has been
taken up by unanimous consent, pending which
the Senator from Wisconsin moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
resolution offered by himself calling for execu
tive information.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed,
if consistent with the public service, to communi-
cate to the Senate int'orraationof proceedings which
have been taken in the judicial courts to restrain
the digging of a canal across Minnesota Point, near
Dalutb, in the State of Minnesota, and a copy of
the record of such proceeding, and all correspond-
ence in the Department of Justice concerning the
same.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to modify the
resolution by striking out the words " Attorney
General " and inserting "Department of Jus-
tice ; " and also by striking out the words " if
consistent with the public service," as I be-
lieve those words are only inserted in resolu-
tions addressed to the President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
JOSEPH SEGA It.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
889) for the relief of Joseph Segar, of Vir-
ginia, is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, the morning business having
been concluded.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Will the
Senator from West Virginia yield to me to
make a statement?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. When this
matter was before the Senate the other day, I
stated the impressions which I had formed
with regard to the value of this property of
Mr. Segar. Since that time information has
been communicated to me which satisfies me
that I was wrong—that I placed my estimate of
its value altogether too low. Although I do
not know that its value is as great as has been
insisted on by Mr. Segar himself, I am satis-
fied that I was wrong and estimated it too low.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 ought also
to state that I was misinformed in relation to
Mr. Segar's having had any bill before Con-
gress for compensation, or having received any
compensation for other property.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from West Virginia how much
has been paid Mr. Segar. My impression is
against this claim very strongly. I think we
have paid him a large sum of money already.
Mr. BOREMAN. I find from a little dis-
cussion which took place here the other day
in my absence that many Senators were labor-
ing under a misapprehension in regard to
what Mr. Segar had heretofore received from
the Government.
On the 24th day of May, 1861, a portion of
the Army of the United States, under the
command of General Butler, took possession
of Mr. Segar's farm, on which he resided,
being about four hundred and fifty acres of
