1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Now, I understand the chairman of the
House Committee on Printing has^ bill re-
lating to future contracts, and as I have heard
its contents from liim, it contains many pro-
visions which meet my hearty approval; but I
do not wish to see new terms applied to a con-
tract which has been performed by the other
party to the extent of $160,000, and accepted
by us. This is a contract of which we have
received the benefit for more than one year,
and this bill proposes to pay for the services
thus received.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question ?'
Mr. KELLY. 1 will yield to the gentle-
man in a moment. Inasmuch as the contract
contemplated services for two years, the other
party to it have made their contracts for paper,
type, and other materials, and for a corps of
employ6s, including these gentlemen, the re-
porters, who perform their work with wonder-
ful correctness and promptness. They have
made themselves liable for all the expendi-
tures necessary to th'e completion of the con-
tract for two years. I can see no grounds for
Congress withholding justice in the fulfillment
of that contract. There is yet time for the
Committee on Printing to bring in their bill
providing for the future. If it be an improve-
ment on the past. I trust to the good sense ot
the House and of the Senate for its adoption.
There is not only what remains of the present
session, but there is tiie concluding session of
this Congress in which to adopt this bill.
The bill brought iroin the Senate, and now
before the House for its consideration, incurs
no new obligation. It. proposes to pay a debt
of $100,000 already contracted, and to put the
contracting parties on such a footing that such
an accumulation of indebtedness shall not
occur again during the remainder of the two
years for which the work is being done. I will
now be glad to hear the question of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr." FARNSWORTH. I understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
to say. at the outset of his remarks, that there
was no contract.
Mr. KELLEY. I said there is not a formal
contract.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any con-
tract?
Mr. KELLEY. There is no written con-
tract. The expiring House of Representatives
had made no contract for the future. There
had been an arrangement by which we met,
as gentlemen know, on the 4th of March, and
Coi.gress allowed the work to go on, this con-
tract being more favorable than the last, and
it being important to have the proceedings
reported, especially as the committees here
were not yet organized.
Mr. FAliNSWOltTH. In other words, what
I wish to understand is the basis precisely on
which this claim is put. There was a contract
for this work during the last Congress. That
Congress expired without the contract being
renewed. No contract has been made for the
present Congress. Am I not right?
Mr. IiELLEY. No written contract has
been made.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. Has there been any
contract made, written or verbal?
Mr. KELLEY. There has been a contract
to this extent, that the joint Committee on
Printing of the last Congress pressed these
gentlemen to go on with this work, and Con-
gress has received their work without objec-
tion. This bill has acquiesced in it. It has
lain on the Speaker's table for three weeks,
the chairman of the Committee on Printing
permitting the labor to go on, and the goods
to be furnished, and never uttering a word
of dissent by asking that the bill might be
.referred to his committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand all
that. The bill, no doubt, has been lying on
tbe Speaker's table for some time. But the
chairman of the Committee on Printing is
only one member of Congress; he is not
Congress. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Kelley] says that Congress has
accepted the work. I am not aware that that
is the fact. I have never been called to vote
upon the question of accepting the work.
Congress has never accepted the work. Con-
gress, as a body, can only act by resolution
or by the enactment of law. Somebody may
send to my room a paper which I may read,
but that does not amount to a ratification of
any supposed contract.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not risen to
answer questions. I am desiring to under-
stand what this is. If it is a contract, if Con-
gress has agreed to take the Globe at these
prices, then let the Committee on Appropria-
tions make the necessary report in favor of
appropriating the money and I will vote for
it. But if the case simply amounts to this, that
the proprietors of the Globe have presumed that
we would at some time give them the money,
and without contract, without authority, have
gone on furnishing us the Globe, that they
might come in some Monday morning and say,
"We have done the work and you must pay
for it at such and such prices," and have some
gentleman move to suspend the rules, as lias
been done this morning, and put $400,000 in
their pockets, withoutinvestigation by a com-
mittee of this House at all, and over the
heads of the appropriate committees; if that is
the case, I want to know it.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. KELLliY. Yes, sir. ^
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, if there was
not a contract with these parties there was
something by implication that was very much
in the nature of it. As the gentleman irom
Pennsylvania says, the contract for the pre-
vious Congress was fulfilled. It was an accept-
able contract, and when this Congress com-
menced, and there was no contract, and the
question was, shall the Globe folks go on wiih
their work or shall there be no reports of the
proceedings, they made a proposition upon
the basis of their former contract, and I recol-
lect very well the sentiment about the House
at that time. I recollect that influential gen-
tlemen said to the Globe establishment, '"Go
on and report the proceedings, and you cer-
tainly will be paid for what you do on the
basis of the old prices until Congress may fix
new prices."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who were the influ-
ential gentlemen who made those statements?
Mr. PETERS. I do not know that my dis-
tinguished friend from Illinois was one of
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did my distinguished
friend from Maine say so?
Mr. PETERS. I am one of those "dis-
tinguished gentlemen," [laughter,] and my
friend from Illinois is not one of the others.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ No, I am not.
Mr. PETERS. He is just as distinguished
as I am.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, I am not dis-
tinguished for making contracts with the Globe.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. Well, I am distinguished
for making them, and keeping them. Now,
Mr. Speaker, if 1 lease a man a building, and
he is to give me a certain rent, and the lease
expires and he continues in possession of that
property, the law says, unless there is a special
contract, that the presumption is that he shall
pay the old price for the new occupation.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that these contractors make a differ-
ence in the old price, and that makes the
trouble?
Mr. PETERS. I understand not. I under-
stand that this bill proposes substantially the
old price, and no more, and in the manner
in which they are now to perform the work it
will be even less to the United States than the
old prices.
Now, I wish to say for one that I believe jus-
tice and equity demand of this House that we
unite with the Senate, and lift these unfortun-
ate parties out of the dilemma which .our own
carelessness or negligence, or something else,
has brought them into. I know some of these
parties. I have taken an interest in this mat-
ter, perhaps because I had some personal ac-
quaintance with them, and I know that they
have been laboring and suffering injustice and
have had difficulty in getting money and keep-
ing along the reporting, and they have re-
ported as much tor my distinguished friend
Irom Illinois as for anybody else on the floor,
but they have not got one cent for it, and I
will sit here and vote all day if it is necessary
to help them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to
inquire of my distinguished friend from Mas-
sachusetts 
Mr. PETERS. Not Massachusetts. I was
born in 1822, and Massachusetts was set off
from Maine in 1820. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 wish to inquire
of the gentleman whether in his opinion the
fact that we have taken the Globe obliges us
to pay the publishers a particular price tor the
Globe? Does it raise anything more than an
obligation to pay them a reasonable compen-
sation, and how can that be ascertained except
by the examination of a committee?
Mr. PETERS. I think that if they perform
the service at one price, and we take that ser-
vice in continuation, we ought not to dictate
a different price. We ought to be liberal, and
perhaps even more than liberal, in settling
under such a contract where there is but one
handle to the pitcher and we have that handle.
Of course, in the eye of the law it is the pre-
sumption that the former price was reason-
able, and testimony would be admitted to show
that it was unreasonable.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania 3ield to me now?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sii; how long do you
want?
Mr. BEATTY. Fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I willgive you ten minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, ten minutes is
too long a time to discuss an appropriation
of $400,000 in this House. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will yield me ten minutes before he closes.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, Messrs. Rives
& Bailey, in an article inserted in the GloLe
of Saturday, take issue with me in respect to
certain statements which I made on Friday.
First, they deny that they ever insisted upon
a contract for six years. Why, then, I ask,
did they put that term in their proposition?
Why do they not give the precise date of the
new proposition in which they agree to accept
a contract for two years? The proposal for a
work involving the expenditure of $500,000
should certainly be a matter of record, and
have affixed the day, month, and year in
which it was made. The date of the article
would settle all dispute as to whether the
change referred to was recent or remote. Why,
therefore, did they not reply to me by giving the
date ? They say the chairman of the Senate
committee suggested a reduction of time, and
they acquiesced at once. If this did not occur
recently the House committee failed to receive
timely notice of the fact.
Again, they say they "have not seen the
day when they would not thankfully have
received the money due them." I reiterate
my statement of Friday, and say that they
were told long ago that our committee would
make -immediate effort to get any reasonable
sum appropriated they might desire to apply
on account, and thus relieve them until the
new contract was agreed upon, or until more
definite action was had in the matter, and they
declined to accept. Finally, at my own option,
I introduced a bill to pay them to March 1, in
