830
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
use by the Union forces, for the benefit of the
wounded at the battle of Stone river, and for
use at the hospitals of forty-four bales of cot-
ton, twenty thousand pounds of seed cotton,
her house supplies, and beds, bedding, cloth-
ing, carpets, cotton cloth, and wine, being the
sum ascertained to be due her by a board of
claims organized by the War Department.
Approved, May 27, 1872.
Chap. CCXXIII.—An Act for the Belief of
L. Merchant and Company.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, required to pay
L. Merchant and Company the sum of three
thousand ■seven hundred dollars, that being the
price at which theirsteam-tug Neafie was sold,
by Col[o]uel E. 8. Allen, assistant quarter-
master, on March second, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Approved, May 27, 1872.
Chap. CCXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Milo Pratt.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Milo Pratt, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of two thousand dollars, upon his
executing to the United States a full release
of all further claim for or on accountof a con-
tract made with him, in eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, by the quartermaster's department,
for furnishing coal.
Approved, May 27, 1872.
Chap. CCXXV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Martha A. Brooks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Martha A. Brooks, widow
of John W. Brooks, late a sergeant in company
I, sixty-sixth regiment Ohio volunteers.
Approved, May 27, 1872.
Chap. CCXXX.—An ActgrantingaPeusion to
the widow of the late Admiral Parragut,.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized to place
the name of Virginia L. Parragut, widow of
D. G. Parragut, deceased, late Admiral of the
United States Navy, on the pension roll, and
allow and pay her from the interest on the
Navy pension fund a pension at the rate of
two thousand dollars per annum, from and
after the passage of this act.
Approved, May 28, 1872.
Chap. CCXXXI.—An Act for the Belief of the
children ot Otway H. Berrymati, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congi ess assembled, T hat the proper account-
ing oilicers of the Treasury be, and they are
*' authorized and directed to allow and
^ay to Mrs. Columbia N. Payne, Mrs. Alice
Bromwell, Calvert 0. Berryman, and William
M. iierryman, children of Otway £1. Berry-
inan, deceased, out of any money in the
Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars
and two cents, being the amount of losses sus-
tained by said Otway H. Berryman while com-
manding and acting as purser of the United
States schooner Onkahye: Provided, That
the same shall not exceed the amount which a
purser would have received for performing the
same duties on board of said vessel.
Approved, May 28, 1872.
Chap. CCXXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
the children of 0. H. Berryman, deceased,
and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Mrs. Columbia N.
Payne, Mrs. Alice Bromwell, Calvert 0. Ber-
ryman, and William M. Berryman, children
of Otway H. Berryman, deceased, and the
other officers and crew of the United States
schooner Onkahye, the sum of twenty thousand
six hundred and sixty-four dollars and sixty-
nine cents, being the balance of the prize-
money obtained by the capture of the bark
Laurens by the said schooner in the year eight-
een hundred and forty-eight; and that said
sum of twenty thousand six hundred and sixty-
four dollars and sixty-nine cents be distributed
among said officers and crew in such propor-
tion as shall be designated by the Secretary
of the Navy, according to the provisions of
the sixth section of the act of April twenty-
third, eighteen hundred, entitled " An act for
the [better] government of the Navy of the
United States."
Approved, May 28, 1872.
Chap. CCXXXYI.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Margaret Riley.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the the name of Margaret Riley, widow
of Charles Riley, late private in company B,
twelfth regiment Kentucky volunteer cavalry,
and pay her a pension from and after the pas-
sage of this act.
Approved, May 29, 1872.
Chap. CCXXXVII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Nathan Morgan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Nathan Morgan, late a
private in company I of the fortieth regiment
Iowa volunteer infantry, to take effect from the
passage of this act.
Approved, May 29, 1872.
Chap. CCXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of the heirs of the late Captain B. R. Per-
kins, of the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That one year's pay and
allowauee be. a'ld the same are hereby, au-
thorized and directed to be paid to the heirs
of Captain B. R. Perkins, late of the Uni-
ted States Army, being the amount to which
he would have been entitled had he received
notice that he was honorably mustered out prior
to his death.
Approved, May 29, 1872.
Chap. CCXLVI.—An Act for the Relief of
John Potts, Chief Clerk of the War Depart-
ment.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two
thousand dollars be paid to John PottSj chief
clerk of the War Department, for services as
disbursing clerk, at the rate of two hundred
dollars per annum, from the fifteenth of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, out of
any motley in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated: Provided, That it shall be lawful
hereafter to pay for such services, at such rate,
whether such clerk shall have been appointed
from class four, or from a higher grade, any
existing law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCXLVII.—An Act for the Relief of
the United States Express Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to issue and deliver, or cause to be issued
and delivered, to the United States Express
Company, a joint stock association, having its
principal place of business in the city of New
York, or to its assigns, new bonds in lieu of
the following described bonds of the United
States of America, heretofore issued in pursu-
ance of the several acts authorizing the same,
which original bonds were destroyed by fire on
the New York and Erie railroad on the thir-
tieth day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, while in the possession of said ex-
press company for transportation, namely:
first, of United States bonds, commonly known
as sixes of eighteen hundred and eighty-one,
issued in pursuance of the act of Congress of
July seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, eleven of the denomination, respectively,
of one thousand dollars, and numbered eleven
thousand seven hundred and sixty six, four-
teen thousand six hundred and seventy-eight,
twenty-three thousand one hundred and sev-
enty-nine, five thousand eight hundred and
ninety-three, twenty thousand four hundred
and sixteen, forty-two thousand two hun-
dred and eighty-one, forty-two thousand two
hundred and eighty-two, forty-two thousand
two hundred and eighty three, forty-two thou-
sand two hundred and eighty-four, forty-two
thousand two hundred and eighty-five, forty-
two thousand two hundred and eighty-six;
five of the denomination, respectively, of one
hundred dollars, and numbered eighteen thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-six, eighteen
thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, teu
thousand nine hundred and fifty-five, twenty-
four thousand five hundred and fifty-four,
twenty-fonr thousand five hundred and fitty-
three; secondly, of United States bonds, com-
monly known as sixes of eighteen hundred
and eighty-one, issued either under the act of
July seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, or of March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, four of the denomination, respect-
ively, of one hundred dollars, and numbered
four thousand two hundied and forty-three,
five thousand three hundred and seventy-one,
six thousand nine hundred and sixty-two, six
thousand nine hundred and sixty-three; thirdly,
of United States six per centum bonds, com-
monly described as five twenties, issued in
pursuance of an act of Congress passed June
; thirtie.h, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, ten
! of the denomination, respectively, of five hun-
1 dred dollars, and numbered fifteen thousand
| six hundred and forty-five, fifteen thousand.
| six hundred and forty six, twelve thousand
! two hundred and seventy-six, twelve thousand
two hundred and eighty-five, twelve thousand
I two huudred and eighty-one, twelve thousand
