1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
Laws of the United States.
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Lvo hundred and seventy-eight, f.>ur thousand
t'.e hundred and thirty-one. seven thousand
one hundred and twenty-eight, ten thousand
and ill rty, twelve thousand two hundred and |
st-venty-nine; fourthly, of United States bonds,
commonly known as five-twenties, issued in
pursuance of the act of Congress of March
third, < ighteen hundred and sixty-five, two of
the denomination, respectively, of five hun-
dred dollars, and numbered eleven thousand
nine hundred and forty-six, eleven thousand
nine hundred and forty-seven. Said new bonds
shall be issued under the acts in pursuance of
which the destroyed bonds were, respectively,
issued, or other equivalent issues under oiher
laws, and shall have attached to them interest
coupons, except for those that were due and
payable previous to January thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Sec. 2. That tlie Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to pay to the United
States Express Company aforesaid the amount
■which would have been due upon the follow-
ing described Treasury notes of the United
States of America at the time when, under the
acts of Congress and the regulations of the
Treasury Department, said notes could re-
spectively have been presented for payment,
or conversion into bonds of the United States,
including, in such payment, all the coupons
due up lo such time, except those that were
due and payable ptevious to January thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and adding
interest at the late of six per centum per an-
num upon ihe principal of said no.es, from
said time, when they could have beeu pre-
sented as aforesaid, until the passage of this
act, namely: first, of Treasury notes of the
issue of xiugust fifteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty four, designated as seven-thirties,
two of the denomination of five hundred dol-
lars, respectively, and numbered forty-six
thoubaud six hundred and one, one hundred
sixty-four thousand two hundred and seventy,
one ot the denomination of one hundred dol-
lars, and numbered three hundred seventy-one
thousand ana ninety-three; secondly, of Treas-
ury notes of the issue ot June fifteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, designated as
seven-thirties, twelve of the denomination,
respectively, of five huudreddollars, and nura-
beied one hundred sixty eight .housand three
hundred and sixty-eight, one hundied twenty-
two thousand and ninety, seventy-seven thou-
sand seven hundred and seventy five, seventy-
seven thousand seven hundred and seveuty-
six, seventy-seven thousand seven hundred
and seventy-nine, seventy-seven thousand
Seven hundied and eighty, five hundred and
forty-two, seventy threethousaud ninebundred
and five, forty seven thousand eight hundred
and twenty, lorty-severi thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty-one, one hundred thirty-three
thousand six hundred and eighty-four, fifty-
two thousaud seven hundred and twenty-six ;
eight of the denomination, respectively, of
one hundred dollars, and numbered one hun-
dred torty-one thousand one hundred and six,
three hundred thirty-six thousand six hundred
and thiriy-thiee, three hundred thirty-six thou-
sand six huutired and thirty-lour, three hun-
dred thirty-six 1 housand six hundred and thirty-
five, three hundied thirty-six thousand six hun-
dred and thir.y-six, one hundred forty-nine
thousand thiee hundred and sixteen, two hun-
dred thirty one thousand nine hundred and
twenty-two, one hundred twenty six thousand
sevt n hundred and eighty-six; twenty of the
Cenon; nation, respectively, oi flit} dollars, and
numbt ed one Hundred  'igb;\-three thousand
Ik idied and iiinet}-iinve, one i.ui.ditd
y- nice itiuu awd two buudreu and ninety
four, cue hundred eighty-three thousand two
hundred aud niuety-five, one hundred eighty-
three thousand two hundred anduiuety-six, one
hundred eighty-three thousand two hundred
and ninety-seven, one hundred eighty-three
thousand two hundred and ninety eight, one
hundred eighty-three thousaud two hundred
and ninety-nine, one hundred eighty-three
thousand three hundred, one hundred eighty-
three thousand three hundred and one, one
hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred
and two, one hundred eighty-three thousand
three hundred and three, one hundred eighty-
three thousand three hundred and four, one
hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred
and five, one hundred eighty-three thousand
three hundred and six, one hundred eighty-
three thousand three hundred and seven, one
hundred eighty three thousand three hundred
and eight, one hundred eighty-three thousand
three hundred and nine, one hundred eighty-
three thousand three hundred and ten, one
hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred
and eleven, one hundred eighty-three thousand
three hundred and twelve; thirdly, of Treas-
ury notes of the issue of July fifteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, designated as
seven-thirties, thirteen of the denomination,
respectively, of one hundred dollars, and
numbered three hundred twenty-eight thou-
sand seven hundred and eighty-five, three
hundred twenty-eight thousand seven hundred
and eighty-six, three hundred twenty-eight
thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven,
three hundred twenty-eight thousand seven
hundred and sixty-five, three hundred twenty-
eight thousand seven hundred and sixty-six,
thiee hundred twenty eight thousand seven
hundred and sixty-seven,three hundred twenty-
eight thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight,
three hundred twenty-eight thousand seven
hundred and sixty-nine, three hundred twenty-
eight thousand seven hundred and seventy,
three hundred twenty-eight thousand seven
hundred and seventy-one, three huudred
twenty-eight thousand seven hundred and
seventy-two, three hundred twenty-eight thou-
sand seven hundred and seventy-three, three
hundred twenty-eight thousaud seven hun-
dred and seventy-four; ten of the denomina-
tion, respectively, of fifty dollars, and num-
bered three hundred forty-four thousand eight
hundred and seventy-eight, three hundred
forty-five thousand four hundred and fifty-
four, one huudred seventeen thousand nine
hundred and thirty-three, one hundred thirty-
six thousand three hundred and uiuety-six,
three hundred thirty-one thousand four huu-
dred and forty-one, three hundred fifty-four
thousaud and forty-six, two hundred thirty-
three thousand nine hundred and fifteen,
twenty three thousand seven hundred and
twenty three, seventy-six thousand five hun-
dred and ninety-four, fourteen thousand four
hundred and seventy-six, all of which said
Treasury notes were destroyed by the said fire
mentioned in the first section of this act,
while in the custody of said express company
for transportation.
Sec. B. That before the payment of the
notes and issue of the new bonds mentioned
in this act, the United States Express Com-
pany shall execute aud deliver, or cause to be
executed and delivered, to the Secretary of
the Treasury such bond of indemnity, pay-
able to the United States of America, with
sufficient sureties, to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as may be required by
hun or by the regulations of the Treasury
Department.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Cuap. CCXLVilL—An Act for the Relief of
Albert Wieland.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster gen-
eral," in settling the account of Albert Wieland,
contractor fqf carrying the mail on route num-
ber thirteen thousand six hundred and ninety-
two, from Du Luth to Pigeon River, shall
allow double the contract pi ice for the winter
months, viz., from November fifteenth to May
fifteenth, for the term of his contract.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCXLIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Mrs. Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of one thousand dollars,
to Mrs. Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr,
in consideration of the valuable information
and services of the said Wiliiam Barr, ren-
dered to the forces of the United States in the
harbor of Savan[njah in the winters of eight-
een hundred and sixty-one and eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCL.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
A. Weidner.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to pay to
Charles A. Weidner, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of six thousand dollars, being the amount due
him for columns, bases, girders, wrought iron
bars for cell gratings, column and other pat-
terns, and draining and plumbing work, made
and done by him for the erection of the new
jail in the District of Columbia, by virtue of
and under a certain contract made between
0. H. Browning, Secretary of the Interior,
and the said Charles A. Weidner, under au-
thority of the act of Congress approved July
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
and the joint resolution approved March ap-
proved March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty seven, concerning said jail, and for dam-
ages suffered by the said Charles A. Weidner
for non-compliance by the United States of its
part of the contract : Provided, The same shall
be accepted in full satisfaction for all claims
whatsoever on account thereof: And provided
further, That the said columns, bases, gird-
ers, bars, and patterns shall be the property of
the United States.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCLI.—An Act for the Relief of B. C.
Pressley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, in
settling the accounts of B. C. Pressley, late
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
Charleston, South Carolina, to allow to the
said Presley a credit of two hundred and one
dollars, interest on the public debt paid by the
said Pressley in July, eighteen hundred aud
sixty, and of which payment the vouchers
have been lost.
Approved, May 31, 1872.
Chap. CCLII.—An Act for the Relief of the
widow of D. Jay Brown, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there is hen by
appropriated the stun ot two hundred and fifty
dollars, which sum the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is directed to pay, out of any moneys _not
otherwise appropriated, to the widow of p.
Jay Brown, in full compensation for the claim
made by the deceased against the United
States for services rendered as their ageut in
