1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4467
damnation of lands for the benefit of the Uni-
ted States. That is my position. If I recol-
lect correctly there is such a law in the State
of California under which sites have been con-
demned for '■ unifications and light-houses, and
I think it u hiiimtely nearer and closer to the
Constitution than the bill which the two Sen-
ators from Ohio are pressing upon the Senate.
Political jurisdiction and the right of eminent
domain go together; they coexist in one power.
The same sovereignty that has the one has the
other. They cannot be separated. The polit-
ical power which has primarily the right of
jurisdiction is the State. The State may, if it
chooses, cede that jurisdiction to the United
States to land within her borders. She may
also permit the United States, in virtue of her,
the State's right of eminent domain, to take
proceedings for the condemnation of the same
lands. Thus the State enables the United States
to have the political jurisdiction over lands
for public buildings of the United States. In
the next place, the State permits the United
States to acquire the proprietary title against
the will of the private owner, and without re-
gard to his wishes. The proper mode is pro-
vided by the law of the State for the assess-
ment of the damages. There is a writ well
known to the common law, and nearly as old
as the common law, certainly it goes back to
a very remote period of the earliest statutes,
tbe writ of ad quod damnum, which is familiar
enough to lawyers.
I said this bill is here without the sanction
of any committee. I am aware that it has the
sanction of the two Senators from Ohio. I do
not wish in any degree to derogate from the
authority which justly belongs to those two
Senators on any subject, even of the highest
law that we know of, constitutional law. But
on a question like this, of such novelty and
magnitude, everyone of us must act according
to his own sense of right, each one of us must
be guided by his own lights; and guided by my
lights, the best I have been able to obtain on
the subject, I am constrained to take the posi-
tion which I am now endeavoring to enforce.
If I have not been able to give it sufficient
examination, the fault is not iniue. It is in
the introduction of this bill at such a period
of the session as to render it impossible.
But, sir, the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thttr-
man] took me up rather abruptly awhile ago
when I insisted that this bill carried with it
the strongest possible implication of the right
of eminent domain in the United States. I
am compelled to adhere to that view. If this
bill does not carry with it the assertion of the
right of eminent domain within the United
States to this land in the State of Ohio, I do
not understand it.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator misunder-
stood me entirely. Certainly the bill does
assert the right of eminent domain in the
United States; but the Senator said it asserted
it. as broadly as it was asserted by the State.
That was an error. It asserts it only as far as
the power of the General Government extends.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather the Sen-
ator would let me get through; I have but a
few moments to speak. The Senator will
have his time to answer; and the question is
one of too much importance to be cut up into
little pieces and fragments.
I repeat, the bill does assert the right of
eminent domain. That the Senator concedes.
I now claim that it does assert the right of
eminent domain as broadly as the States pos-
sess it for the purposes of this bill. If it does
not, where is the limitation? What could
the State of Ohio do if she desired to con-
demn these lands for a State court-house?
She could have a law enabling her to go into
her own court and condemn these lands in
invitum. That is precisely, neither more nor
less, what this act purports to allow the United
States to do. It allows the United States to
go into her court and condemn these same
lands in invitum. The measure of the power,
the mode of exercising it are identical in each
case. The extent of the power claimed and
asserted in each case is also identical. I am
unable to see any logical answer to these
conclusions.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall not occupy more
than five minutes, perhaps, and I should not
do that but for the extreme severity of lan-
guage of the Senator from California. The
Senator says that this bill has not a shadow of
constitutional foundation. Well, Mr. Presi-
dent, I believe I have been as strict a construc-
tionist of the Constitution as my friend from
California, and I do not think 1 have been the
advocate of measures that have not a shadow
of constitutional foundation. I do not think
that my record will show that I have been the
advocate of doubtful powers, much less of
powers that have not the shadow of constitu-
tional foundation.
Let us see what the question is. This bill
does assert that there is such a thing as the
right of eminent domain in the United States.
Undoubtedly it does. But does it assert that
it is as broad as the power of eminent domain
that is vested in a State? By no means, and
for the simple reason that the objects of Fed-
eral jurisdiction are limited far more than are
the objects of State jurisdiction. In so far as
it has the right of eminent domain, that is to
say, in respect to those objects in respect to
which it may exercise the right of eminent do-
main, its right is as perfect as that of a State.
But it has not the right of eminent domain in
reference to a great many subjects that are
within the jurisdiction of a State. Then there
is a large doubtful class. For instance, a
State has a right to condemn property for the
making of a railroad within the State ; but the
Senator from California and I agree that Con-
gress has no right to make a railroad within
a State without the assent of the State, and
therefore that the Government of the United
States does not, without such consent, possess
the power of eminent domain in regard to that
object; but does anybody deny the power of
the General Government to have a custom-
house or a court-house or a post office ; and
does anybody deny that a court-house, a post
office, a custom-house are public uses? Can
anybody deny that? If property used for a
custom-house, a court-house, a post office is
property devoted to a public use, I would like
to know why it is that the Federal Govern-
ment has no right of eminent domain in
respect to them ?
What is the meaning of this provision in
the fourth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution, "Nor shall private property be
taken for public use without just compensa-
tion?" That is not to limit the powers of a
State. It has been expressly decided, again
and again, in the Supreme Court that not one
of the first ten articles of amendment has any
application to a State, that they are all limit-
ations upon the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment. It has been so decided in respect
to this very clause, 7 Peters, 243. What, then,
is meant by saying here. " Nor shall private
property be taken for public use without just
compensation," except that the Government
of the United States shall not take private
property for public use without making just
compensation ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I can give the Senator
an answer to that. Take the case of cotton
seized since the war in the South, private
property taken for public use where no com-
pensation was ever made.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator say
that that is constitutional? The Senator
interrupted me with a remark that ^ must beg
leave to say, with due respect to him, is not
pertinent at all What is the fundamental
idea? It is that the right of eminent domain
is an incident of sovereignty. Tou will not
perhaps find in a single State constitution
an express provision that the State has the
right of eminent domain, but you find the
limitation upon the exercise of that right, to
wit, that private property shall not be taken
without making just compensation, and that it
shall be taken for a public use only. The
right is an essential incident to sovereignty.
Now, unless the Senator is prepared to say
that the Government of the United States has
no attribute of sovereignty whatever, that it
is a Government without sovereignty; unless he
is prepared to say that that provision in the
Constitution which says that "this Constitu-
tion, and the laws of the United States which
shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all
treaties made, or which shall be made, under
the authority of the United States, shall be
the supreme law of the land," is mere non-
sense and has no meaning; unless he is pre-
pared to say that, and to deny that there is a
single attribute of sovereignty in a Govern-
ment that can make war, make peace, enter
into treaties, levy taxes, maintain courts, make
criminal laws and execute people for their
violation ; unless he means to say that such a
Government is destitute of a single attribute
of sovereignty, he must admit that this right
of eminent domain that belongs to every sov-
ereign Government belongs to the Govern-
ment of the United States, but limited of
course to the objects over which the Govern-
ment of the United States has jurisdiction.
There are many objects for which property
may be condemned by the government of a
State, because they are within its jurisdiction,
but which are not surrendered to Federal
jurisdiction, and in reference to which, there-
fore, there is no power of eminent domain in
the United States, although they are public
uses.
But in reference to that which is undoubtedly
within our jurisdiction it is otherwise. This
bill is about property upon which to build a
court-house, custom-house, &c. Can we not
acquire court houses for the United States in
which to hold the courts provided by the Con-
stitution of the United States? Who is there
to say that the acquisition of court-houses of
the United States is not within the jurisdic-
tion of the Federal Government? This must
not be confounded for a moment with that
other clause of the Constitution which was
referred to the other day, paragraph seven-
teen of section eight, of article one. Whenever
the Government of the United States wishes to
obtain exclusive jurisdiction then it must pro-
ceed according to that provision of the Consti-
tution ; it must acquire the property by pur-
chase, with the consent of the State. But the
United States may become a property-holder
without acquiring this exclusive political juris-
diction. It does it in every instance in which
it, rents a court-house, in every instance in
which it rents a post office. In every instance
in which it rents any building whatever the
Government, of the United States acquires by
purchase—for a lease is a purchase—the rights
of a property-holder.
Mr. BAYARD. Subject, of course, to the
jurisdiction of the State.
Mr. THURMAN. Subject, of course, to
the jurisdiction of the State. Well, sir, if you
condemn the property, you get no exclusive
political jurisdiction over it. You simply
become a property-holder, just as'if you had
bought it without the assent of the State.
That is the whole effect of the condemnation.
Whether the State afterward, treating that
condemnation as a purchase, treating every-
thing as a purchase which is not descent or
devise, may give its assent and thereby clothe
you with exclusive jurisdiction, is a question
tor the State itself to decide. It has nothing
to do with this bill. The only question now
1 is, how can the United States acquire property,
| how can it become a property-holder, how can
| it become the owner of land on which to bu1™
j thiscourt-house. custom-house, and post office?
I It might buy it without asking leave of the
i State. Does anybody doubt that? It might
! build its' court-house upon it without asking
