1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the bill as a now section the following:
Sec. -• That nothing contained in this act shall
he to construed as to affect in any manner the exist-
ing laws and regulations in regard to the adjustment
and payment to States, upon their admission into
the Union, fife per cent, of the net proceeds of the
sales of the public lauds within their respective
limits.
The question was taken ; aad the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. This completes all the
amendments to the original test of the bill.
There are now sundry substitutes, which will
be voted on in the order in which they were
presented, and the first in order is that pre-
sented by-the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bcrchard,] which the Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read the substitute.
Mr. McINTYRE. I respectfully suggest
that the substitute which I offered the other
day was offered before the substitute which
has now been read.
The SPEAKER. The clerks arranged the
substitutes in the order in which they were
presented; but if there has been a mistake, and
the gentleman offered his first, he has a right
to have it first voted on.
Mr. McINTYRE. The substitute which I
offered was upon the Calendar first.
The SPEAKER. If that be so, the Chair
will rule that it must be first voted on.
Mr. HEREFORD. I rise to make a par-
liamentary inquiry, and it is whether or not
the substitute is now subject to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HEREFORD. Then I ask unanimous
consent to offer an amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
Mr. HEREFORD. It is the same amend-
ment I offered to the original bill. I ask
unanimous consent to offer it as an amend-
ment to this substitute.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
The SPEAKER. There are six substitutes
pending. The Clerk endeavored to make them
up in the order in which they were offered,
"bat there was a mistake, and the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Mclx-
ttre] will first be voted on. If one of these
substitutes should be adopted in the ordinary
process of parliamentary law that would end
the matter, but inasmuch as the whole of this
amendment has been by unanimous consent
somewhat irregular, the Chair will allow a
vote upon each substitute.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can a motion be made
to lay all the substitutes on the table, and
would that motion carry the bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It would carry everything
with it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I make that motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Eldeidge's
motion, and there were—ayes 76, noes 86.
So the House refused to lay the bill and
substitutes on the table.
The question recurred upon the following
substitute, proposed by Mr. McIntyre:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the net proceeds arising from the sale, entry,
location, or other disposition of the public lands of
the united Statesbe distributed in themanner here-
inafter set forth.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior shall
causo an account to be taken, upon the close of each
fiscal year, and ascertain the amount of expendi-
tures during that year, incurred in or occasioned by
the survey, sale, location, entry, or other disposition
of the public lands of the United States, including
appropriations for the expenses of the general and
district land offices daring such year, and the total
receipts from the sale or disposition of such lands,
including all fees received at such offioos, and shall
ceitify to the Secretary of the Treasury the amount
of the net proceeds from thesale, entry, location, or
other disposition of such lands as aforesaid, after
deducting such expenses and expenditures.
Sec. 3. That upon the receipt of such certificate
from the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of
the Treasury shall cause the net proceeds uf said
sales of public lands to be apportioned to thesov-
Territorjcs oi theUnited States, and
i Columbia,, upon the basis of popu-
lation of toe last preceding general census of the
• 51° pta.es; and the amount so apportioned to
said States, ^territories, and said District of Colum-
bia, respectively, shall he turned over and delivered
to such agent or other officer of said State, Terri-
tory, or District, as may be designated or appointed
by said btates. Territories, and said District, respect-
ively, to receive said apportionment, to be used for
educational or other public purposes, in such man-
ner as said States, Territories, or said District may
respectively deem best for the promotion of educa-
tional or other public interests within their respect-
ive jurisdictions.
The question was taken, and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 77, noes 91.
Before the result ot the vote was announced,
Mr. McINTYRE called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-one in
the affirmative ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken j and there were
thirty-eight in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The vote for tellers is
sufficient to order the yeas and nays, and if
there be no objection the Cbair wilL regard the
yeas and nays as ordered.
No objection was made, and the yeas and
nays were accordingly ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 76, nays 117, not
voting 46 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aeker, Adams, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Conner, Cox. Crebs, Crossland,
Davis, Dox, Du Boso, Duke, Eldridge, Porker,
Heury D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hancock. Handley, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hol-
man, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, McClelland,
McCormick, McHenry, Mclntvre, McKinney, Mer-
rick, Morgan,Niblack, HoseaW. Parker,Eli Perry,
Potter,Price. Bandall. Read, John M. Rice, Bitchie,
William It. Roberts, Roosevelt, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Terry,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughau,
Waddcll, Warren, Wells, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arthur, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beatty, Beveridgc, Bingham, Austin
Blair, George M. Brook?, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, William T. Clarke, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Creely, Dawes,
Dickey. Donnan. Duel!, Earaes, Ely. Fmkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Ha^sey, Harrner, Havens, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W. ilazleton, John W. Hazl ;ton, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg. Kerr,
Ketcham, Killmgcr, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Man-
son, Marsha,11, Maynard, MoGrew, McJunkin, Mer-
riam, Monroe. Moore, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Poland,
Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Edward Y. ilice, Ellis
H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent. Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks,
Shellabarger, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Swann, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner,TwicheU,Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden,
, Waldron. Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
i lard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.Wilson,and
John T.Wilson-117.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barnum,
Bell, Bigby, Carroll, Comingo. Catcher, Darrall,
De Large, Dunne!), Edwards, Elliott, Famsworth,
Farwell, Hale, Hambleton, George E. Harris, Ken-
dall, Kinsella, Lansing, McCrary, McKee, Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell.
Morey, Palmer, Peters, Piatt, Robinson, Rogers,
Scofteld, Sessions, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slocum,
II. Boardman Smith, Snyder, R.Milton Speer, St.
John, S.vpher, Yoorhees, Whitthorne, and Williams
ofKew Y ork-4G.
So the substitute waa not agreed to.
MBSSAGE FK05X THE SENATJB.
A message from the Senate, communicated
to the House by Mr. Goiiiiam . its Secretary,
announced that, the Seivtre had passed with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested, a bill o£ the follow-
ing title:
A bill (EL R. No. 1071) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1873.
The message farther announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following tide,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 570) transferring certain pow-
ers and duties to the Department of Justice,
and providing a seal therefor.
educational fund.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill(H, R. No. 1043) to establish an educa-
tional fund, and to apply the proceeds of the
public lands to the education of the people.
The next question was upon agreeing to
the following substitute, proposed by Mr.
Burchard:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the net proceeds arising from the sale, entry,
location, or other disposition of the public lands of
the united States are hereby set apart and annually
appropriated for the maintenance of common schools
for the free education of all the children in the
United States of suitableschool age, which proceeds
shall be distributed to each State and Territory, and
to the District of Columbia, in proportion to its re-
spective population as ascertained by thecensusiast
preceeding such distribution.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
cause an account to be taken after the close of each
fiscal year, and ascertain the amount of expendi-
tures during the last preceding fiscal year incurred
in or occasioned by the survey, sale, location, entry,
or other disposition of the public lands of the United
States, ineludingappropriationsfor the expenses of
the general and district land offices during such year,
and the total receipts from thesale or other disposi-
tion of such lands, including all fees received at such
offices, and shall, on or before the 1st day of Decem-
ber of each year, cortify to the Secretary of the In-
terior the amount of the net cash proceeds from the
sale, entry, location, or other disposition ofsuch lands
after deducting such expenses and expenditures.
Sec. 3. That upon the receipt of such certificate
the Commissioner of Education, under the direction
of theSeeretary of the Interior, shall proceed to
apportion, upon tho basis of population, the amount
so certified to the District of Columbia and Terri-
tories of the United States, and to each Stn to wherein
provision is made by law for the free education of
all the children thereof between the ages of six and
fifteen years, and shnU certify to the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States such apportion-
ment, and to the superintendent of public instruc-
tion of each State and Territory, or other officer
empowered by the laws ofsuch State or Territory to
perform the auty herein enjoined, the amount so
apportioned to such State or Territory.
Sec. 4. That tho superintendent of public instruc-
tion of each State and Torritory, or such other officer
as shall, by the laws ofsuch State or Territory, bo
required so to do, shall immediately, upon the receipt
of such certificate, proceed to apportion the amouut
so certified to his State or Territory to tho several
districts therein which shall have maintained for at
least three months during the preceding year a freo
school lor all the children of such district between
the ages of six and fifteen years, which apportion-
ment shall be.upon the basis of the population of
such district, and the amount so apportioned shall
be solely applied in payment of teachers' wages ;
the said superintendent or officer shall report his
apportionment so made to tho Commissioner of
Education, who thereupon, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Inferior, shall certify the same,
or so much thereof as appears regular and correct,
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and to such super-
intendent or other officer designated as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. That the amount apportioned to the school
districts of any State, and certified as herein pro-
vided, .shall be paid upon the warrant of the Com-
missioner of Education, countersigned by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, to the State or territorial treasurer, or
to such officer as shall be designated by the laws of
such State or Territory to receive, account for, and
pay over the same to the several districts entitled,
thereto under such apportionment, which treasurer
or officer shall be required to report, on or before the
1st day of November of each year, to the Commis-
sioner of Education, a detailed statement of the .
payments made, and balance iu hi? hands withheld,
unclaimed, or for any cause unpaid.
Sec. 6. That in case any State or Territory shall
misapply, or allow to be misapplied, squandered, or
in any manner appiopriated or used other than for
the purposes herein required, the funds, or any part
thereof, received under the provisions of this act,
or shall fail to report, as herein provided, through
i's proper officers, the disposition thereof, such State
or Territory shall forfeit its right to any subsequent
apportionment by virtue hereof, until the fall
amount so misapplied, lost, or misappropriated shall
have been replaced bv such State or Territory and
applied as herein required, and until such report
shall have been made. .
Sec. 7. That the Commissioner of Education shall
be re-officio superintendent of public instruction lor
the District of Columbia, and as such shall mane
the apportionment, returns, report, and certificates
for said District of Columbia, in themanner and lor
the purposes and under the limitations prescribed
in section four of this act, and the money thus ap-
portioned in said District shall bo paid out of the
Treasury of tho United States to the proper ofkcerB
entitled to receive, use, account for, o: pay over the
same, as may be provided by law.
