884
THE COJSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the substitute; and upon a division there were—
ayes 79, noes 86.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, but before they were
appointed,
Mr. AMBLER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 100, nays 108, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barry.
JBeatty, Bingham, Austin Blair, Gfeorgo M. Brooks,
Buckley. Buffinton, Burehard.Burdfttt, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clarke, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Conger, Creely, Darrall, Dawes,
Dickey, Bunnell, Eames, Jarwell, Charles Foster.
Wilier D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Hale, Halsey. Har-
mer, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazle-
ton, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, KellogK, Ketcham, Kil-
linger. Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard,
McGrew, MeJunkin, MeKee, Mereur.Merriam, Mon-
roe, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Pack-
ard, Packer. Palmer. Isaao C. Parker, Peek, Pen-
dleton, Perce, Aaron J?, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Prindle, Bainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Sawyer,
Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger. John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stougliton, Stowell, Strong,
Sypher, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twiobcll, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Walls. Wheeler, Witlard, Williams of Indiana,
and John T. Wilson—100.
NAYS—Messrrf. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barber,
Barnum, Book. Beveridffe, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, .Taraea
w. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, Coghlan, Comiogo, Conner, Cot-
ton, Cos. Crebs, Critoher, Crossland, Davis. Donnan,
Dox, DuBose, Duell.Duke, Edwards, ISldridge, Ely,
Jfinkelnburg, Forker, ltonry D. Foster, Garrett,
Gotz, Goliaday, Goodrich. Griffith. Ilaldeinan. Han-
cock, Handloy, Hanks, Han>er. 0-eorgo E. Harris,
John '1'. Harris, Hereford, lierndon, Hibbard, Hol-
man, Korr. King, Lamison. Leach, Lewis, Manson,
JVJ, arsll till ^ TW rti^/vvm Z jV/T £T aw, utfi Aif a
Inty
lack. __
Bandall,     _       
Ritchie. William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosovelti
Sargent, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shobor, Slater, Slo-
«um, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann,
Mb. .Terry. Dwight Townsend, Tnthill, Tyner,
Van Trump, Vaushan. Voorhees, Waddell, Warren,
Wells. Wliiteley, Wbitthorne, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Archer, Bell, Co-
burn, De Large, Elliott, Farnsworth. Hambleton,
Havens, Hay, Hays, Hill, Houghton, Kendall, Kin-
sella, MoOrary,BenjaminF.Mcyors.Miteholl, Moore,
Orr, Rogers. Jlusk, Scofield, Shpomaker, H. Board-
man Smith, R. Milton Speor, Thorns J. Spoev, Sto-
vonaon, hf. John, Williams of Now York, and Jore-
miali M. Wilson—31.
So the substitute of Mr. Bukchard was not
agreed to.
The SPJSAK1311. The next question is upon
tho substitute offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Ktsro,] which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
it eiiactrtl by the Sftnafe and IIoust>of lieprt/xenta-
twes oj the united States of America in Conflveift atmem-
bledy That fifty per cent, of the net proceeds aris-
ing from tho sale# of tho public lands, for the period
ot ten years from aud after the30th day of July, 1872,
are hereby set apart and granted to tho ten south-
ern States, namely; Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama. Mississippi, Tennessee,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas, to aid in establish-
ing ana promoting public schools in said States,
Sec. 2, That the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause an account to be taken upon the close of eaeh
fiscal year, during said period of ton years, and
asceitam the total net proceeds arising from the
sales or other disposition of the public lands of the
United States, after deducting all expenses and ex-
penditures necessarily and lawfully incurred in tho
.survey, sale, location, entry, or other disposition of
said lands for said year, and shall certify, to tho Sec-
retary of tho Treasury, the amount of the net cash
proceeds from the sale, entry, location, or otherdis-
position of such lands as aforesaid, aiter deducting
expenses and expenditures, &c.
Skc. 3. That upon the receipt of such certificate
tlie secretary of tho Treasury shall cause fifty per
cen t. of the amount so certified, for each year of said
period, to be distributed and paid over to the States
above nainedj in proportion to the population of
each or said States respectively.
ojsc. L That when the distributive share due to
each of said ktafes, for each of said years, shall be
ascei taincd, its above-provided, the Secretary of tho
irea<ury shall transfer and pay tho same to such
Person or persons as shall be appointed or desig-
nated by act of tho Legislatures respectively of said
otates tor tnatpurposo, upon such person or per-
sons executing to said Treasurer propervouchers or
receipts therefor.
^ The question being taken on the substitute,
it was declared not agreed to.
Mr. KING. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 132, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Acker, Arthur, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Comingo. Conner, Critcher, Crossland,
Darrall, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Edwards, Garrett, Gol-
iaday, Hancock, Handley, Harper, John T. Harris,
Hcrndon, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, McCormick,
MeHenry, Mclntyre, MeKee, McICinney, McNeely,
Morphis, Hosea W. Parker, Read, John M. Rice,
William R. Roberts, Shober, Slater, Sloss, Stevens,
Storm. Sypher, Terry, Turner, Vaughan, Waddell,
Whitthorne, "Wood, and Young—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Bevoridge, Bingham, Bird,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks. Buekley, Baffin-
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler,Roder-
ick R. Butler, William T. Clarke, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan,Conger,Cotton.Creely,Davis,
Donnan, Duel!, Bunnell,Eames, Eldridge, Farwell,
Fmkelnburg, Forker. Charles Foster, Henry D. Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Getz. Goodrich,
Griffith. Haldeman, Halsey. Harmer. Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Hazleton. John W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar,
Holman, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Killinger,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe. Lynch,Manson, Marshall,
Maynard, McClelland,-McGrew, MeJunkin, Mercur,
Merriam, Merrick, Monroe, Morgan, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Randall, Edward
Y. Rice, Ritchie,Ellis H.Roberts, Roosevelt, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Shonvood, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton,
Stowell, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Thomas, Washing-
ton Townsend. Tuthill. Twichell. Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Walls,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams ot
Indiana. Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Winchester—132.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barry,
Beck, Bell, Bigby, Biggs. Cox, Crebs, Crocker,
Dawes. J)e Large, Dickey. Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth,
Hale,Hambleton,Banks, George E.Harris,Havens,
Hays, Hereford, Hibbard, Houghton, Kendall,
Ketcham, JOnsella, McCrary, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Isaao O. Parker, Aaron
h. Perry, Potter, Price, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk,
Sooiieid,^ Sheldon, Shoemaker. Slooum, H. Board-
inan bmith, R. Milton Speor, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevenson, St. John, Sutherland, Dwight Town-
send. Voorhees, Wallace, Wells, and Williams of
Now York—54.
So the substitute of Mr. King was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment is
in the nature of a substitute, offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bright.]
The Clerk will report it.
The Clerk read a.s follows:
A bill granting public lands for the endowment of
a university in each State.
Be it enaoted ? j the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in (hnorem
assembled. That there be granted to each ot the
Mates now composiug tho United States, and to
each new State as it, shall bo admitted into the
union ot the United States, for tho purposes here-
inafter mentioned, one million acres of public land:
Provided, That no mineral lands shall be granted or
selected under the provisions of this act.
Skc. 2. That tho land aforesaid shall bo surveyed for
apportionment to the several States in sections or
subdivisions of sections not less than a quarter seo-
tion; and should there be public lands in a State
subject to sale at private entry at $1 25 per acre,
the quantity of land to which such States shall he
entitled shall be selected from such lands within tho
limits ot suoh State; and the Secretary of the In-
terior is hereby directed to issue to each of the States
in which there may be no public lands, or in which
there may not be the quantity of public lands
subject to sale at private entry at $1 25 per acre
to which the State may bo entitled under the pro-
visions of this act, land scrip to the amount of the
deficiency ot its quota, said scrip to be sold by said
bates and the proceeds thereof applied to the uses
and purposes of this act. and for xio other purpose
whatever: Provided, That no State shall b6 per-
mitted to locate said scrip within the limits of any
other State or Territory, but their assignees may
locate the same on any of the unappropriated lands
ot tho United States subject to saie at private entry
at $1 25 per acre or less.
Seo. 3. That all the expenses of management and
taxes, from the date of the selection of said lands,
previous to their sales, and all expenses incurred in
the management and disbursement of the moneys
which may be received therefrom, shall be paid by
the States to which they belong, out of the treasury
of said States, so that the entire proceedsof the sales
of said lands shall be applied, without any diminu-
tion, to the purposes hereinafter mentioned.
Seo. 4. That all moneys derived from the sale of
the l.ind or scrip aforesaid by the States shall be
invested in such stocks or securities by the States
as will yield the largest amount of interest consist-
ent with the security of the fund, and the fund so
invested shall constitute a perpetual fund, the capi-
tal of which shall remain foreverundiminished, and
the interest of which shall be inviolably appropri-
ated by each State whpch may accept the benefit of
this act to the founding, endowment, and mainte-
nance of one State university within the limits of
such State, for the teaching of all branches of learn-
ing usually taught in universities: Provided, That
each new State, as itmay be admitted into the Uniou
of the United States, shall be entitled to ail the bene-
fits and subject to all the conditions of this act.
Mr. BRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided ; and there were ayes
nineteen; not a sufficient number.
Mr. YOUNG- demanded tellers on the yeaa
and nays.
The House divided; and there were ayes
thirty-seven.
The SPEAKER. That is enough to order
the yeas and nays, and they will be considered
as ordered if there be no objection.
There was no objection 5 and the yeas and
nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 145, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Beck, James G.
Blair', Bright, Caldwell, Campbell, Comingo, Cross-
land, Duke, Ely, Forker, Garrett, Getz, Hancock,
John T. Hams, Herndon, King, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, MeHenry, Mclntyrc, Morgan, Eli Pony,
Price, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Shober, Storm. Terry, Dwight Town-
send, Turner. Vaughan, Waddell, Warren, Whit-
thorne, Wood, and Young7-42.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty. Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Bird,
Austin Bluir, Braxton* George M. Brooks. Buckley,
Buffinton, Burohard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler.
Roderick R. Butler, Freeman Clarke, William T.
Clarke, Coblj, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Cox,
Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Darrall. Dickey, Donnan,
Dox, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Edwards, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Grif-
fith, Haldeman, Halsey. Handley, Harmer, Harper,
George E. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Geny W. Hazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hereford,
Hibbard, Holman, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcham, Killinger, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Man-
son, Maynard, McClelland, McGrew, MeJunkin,
MeKee, Mercur, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe, Moore,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,' Niblack, Orr,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Rainey, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer. Seeley. Sessions.
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Slater, Slogs, John
A. Smith, Worthington C. South. Snapp, Snyder,
Thomas-J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens,
btoughton, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland. Swann,
iaile, Thomas. Washington Townsend. Twichell,
lyner, Upson, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wakeman,
Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wajls, Wheeler, White-
ley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah
M. Wilson—145.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill,
Barnum, Bell, Biggs, James Brooks, Carroll, Conner,
Davis, Dawes, De Large, Du Bose, Elliott, Charles
Foster, Hale, Hambleton,Hanks, Hill, Hoar, iloug-
ton, Kendall, Kinsella, Lamport. Marshall, McCor-
mick, McCrary, McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin F.
Myers, Mitchell, Morey, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F.
Read, Robinson, Rogers, Scofield,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith,
Milton R. Speer, Stevenson, St. John, Sypher, Tut-
l' we^8' Williams of New York, John T  Wilson,
and Winchester—52.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on Mr. Camp-
bell's substitute, as follows:
A bill for the education of the children of African
descent in the several States wherein slavery ex-
isted at the commencement of the late rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Represent-
atives of the hnitedL States of America in Congress
assembled. That a sum equal to one half the whole
amount of the tax on cotton which has been paid
into the Treasury of the. United States under the
provisions of the act entitled ''An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government and to
1IlteF,ert °.n Public debt," approved July 1,
180^, ?hall be hereafter appropriated and so invested
asr to constitute a perpetual fund, the capital of which
shall remain forever undiminished, and the annual
interest thereon shall beregulaiiy applied, without
diminution, to the education of thecniidren of Afri-
can descent in the several States wherein slavery
existed at the commencement of the late rebellion.
That when the said sum of money shall be
specifically appropriated by Congress for tho purpose
atoresaid, the President snail appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a board of re-
S^nts, consisting of five citizens of the United States
ot Atrican descent, who, in conjunction with tho
secretary of the Treasury, who shall bo ex officio
tt °* s^d board,shall investsaid fund in stocks
01 the United States or of the States, or some other
safe stocks, yielding not less than five per cent, on
the parvalueofsaidstocks; and the said five regents
shall each receive an annual salary of £4,000, and
