1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
as follows:
For the payment of Charles "Weile, acting as con-
sul at Tumbez, Peru, from July 1,1867, until Sep-
tember 18.1868, a period of one year, two months,
arid seventeen days, at the rate of $500 per annum,
$616 94.
Mr. COLE. I think that is a private claim
distinctly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California makes the point of order that this is
a private claim.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it is offered
in pursuance of a recommendation from the
Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But if it is a
private claim, even though recommended by
a Department or by a committee of the Sen-
ate, it cannot be received unless it carries out
the provisions of an existing law. The Sena-
tor is familiar with the law, and perhaps it may
carry it out. If not, it cannot be received
when the point of order is made. The thir-
tieth rule, after stating that no amendment
proposing additional appropriations shall be
received unless to carry out the provisions of
a law or moved by direction of a committee, or
in pursuance of an estimate from the bead of
a Department, adds :
"And noamendmentshallbe received whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it be to carry
out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation."
The amendment is therefore not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, I offer this amend-
ment from the Committee on Commerce:
To reimburse the city of Detroit, Michigan, the
amount expended in laying a wood pavement in front
of the marine hospital property in said city, $1,800.
Mr. COLE. It is not stated when that in-
debtedness accrued.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is recommended by
the supervising architect, and it was omitted
on the regular bill.
Mr. COLE. Has there been a recommend-
ation of the head of a Department ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, and- by the
Committee on Commerce. It should have
gone in a year ago.
Mr. COLE. I shall make no further objec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on -the' amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] upon which tbe-Sen-
ator from Delaware is entitled to the floor.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. —. That the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims shall not extend to or include any claim for
any abandoned or captured property received or
collected either by the civil or military authorities
of tbe United States, under the act approved March
12,1863, entitled " An act to provide for the collection
of abandoned property, and for the prevention of
frauds in insurrectionary districts within the united
States," nor under any act amendatory thereof or
in relation thereto; but the said court shall have
jurisdiction only in cases duly commenced in said
court within two years after the suppression of the
rebellion, when it shall be established as a lact, by
proof satisfactory to said court, that the owner ot
such property has never, in fact, given any aid or
comfort to said rebellion; and no judgment 01 said
court, in any ease,, under said acts shall be paid,
unless such findinf_sha.il be stated as a proven fact
in tho judgment of said court.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when the
morning hour expired I was referring to the
character of property to which this amend-
ment related. It was propeity that came under
a description which is not treated of by any
law except a peculiar statute of the United
States, made in reference to the anomalous
condition of things which was created bv a
civil war. It,was not the property of hostile
combinations ;' it was not the subject of lawful
capture and prizes. It might have been the
subject of confiscation, but it was not confis-
cated nor was it intended to be confiscated. It
was peculiarly termed " captured orabandoned
property," and consisted of the property of
individual citizens, private individuals, not the
subject of lawful prize of war, nor was it
intended to be confiscated. The absence of
an intention to confiscate is conclusively shown
by the treatment of this property since the war
and the fact that no proceedings whatever for
confiscation have been inaugurated since the
close of the war. The Supreme Court, in speak-
ing upon this subject, declare—
" That although the act directed Treasury agents
to take into their possession and make sale of all
property abandoned by its owners or captured by
the national forces, and pay the proceeds into the
public Treasury, yet that it was clearly not the in-
tention of Congress that the title to those proceeds
should be divested absolutely out of the original
owners of the property."
And they say further that that seems clear
from a comparison of different parts of the
act.
The whole amount of this property paid into
the Treasury was some twenty-six millions of
dollars in round numbers. Up to this time
petitions for a little more than one half that
have been filed to have it repaid to the owners.
Although seven years have elapsed since the
close of the war but two millions of this prop-
erty have been restored to the owners, and
that after due adjudication in the Court of
Claims with appeal to the Supreme Court. It
is now proposed to shorten still further the
right of these private citizens or those who are
the assignees of their claims to recover any
portion of this property where it is proved
that the owner at any time was engaged in
armed resistance to the authority of the
United States Government.
Surely, Mr. President, it should not be for-
gotten that this amount of property paid into
the Treasury forms but a small portion of the
real value of the property captured and sold.
It is a notorious fact that huge fortunes were
made by the Treasury agents and those asso-
ciated with them in the capture of this private
property throughout the South and these sales.
No one who has heard from intelligent wit-
nesses, officers of our own Army, of the vast
amount of property captured and of tbe value
and character of that property, and then has
seen the mere fraction of that value put into
the Treasury as the full proceeds, can fail to
be aware that the owners have already lost
much more than half of what belonged to them.
If it be tho intention of a Government to
punish, let that punishment proceed with all
the dignity and majesty of law. _ If this Gov-
-er Hj«B* nje3ns-to"ptffffsfi, itVpunishment must
be limited by the terms of the Federal Consti-
tution. Seizure, confiscation, judicial judg-
ment, must all pass in due form of law before
any man, however humble, in the United States,
or however guilty of a supposed crime, can be
deprived of his property. It must be in pur-
suance of regular, orderly, legal adjudication.
Yet the result would be by taking property
against the rules of civilized war, (which
exempt private property from seizure,) by hav-
ing it seized and sold under the anomalous
description of captured and abandoned prop-
erty—a phrase, as I have said, unknown to the
law and created only by this peculiar statute—
to subject the citizen to having his property
taken up and used without just compensation
and without due process ot law. Everything
that stands in the way of the plain, simple de-
mand for a repayment of the proceeds of the
property of the citizen from the public Treas-
ury, where those proceeds have been placed by
act of Congress and without warrant of the
Constitution, will simply be an act of injustice
redounding to the discredit of the nation.
And surely, Mr. President, the people
against whom this amendment is leveled,
whom it is intended to exclude from the benefit
of the Court of Claims and the right <*' "Suit,
have suffered enough already. The amount
in the 'Treasury leaves less than one half, and
much less than one half of the real value of
their property. The judgment of no court
confiscating their property appears against
them. The record of no conviction1 can be
produced against them. Moreover, over and
above the absence of restrictions and penal-
ties, you have the pardon of the Executive;
exempting them from all results of their error
or their offense in resisting the operations of
the United States Government.
When, sir, is the time to come when this
phrase "rebel," as applied to our fellow-
citizens, is to cease? Why s'peak of men at
the present day as rebels? Where are they?
Who are they? Against what do they rebel?
A man who has been pardoned for the offense
of bearing arms against the Government of
the United States might have been, and accord-
ing to the definition of a great many was, at
one time a rebel; but, if pardoned, he is so
no longer. The name is not applicable to
him. A man who has committed murder, if_
pardoned, can no longer be stigmatized as a
murderer ; and this habit of speech, these war-
time phrases are surely no longer fit to be
heard in this country, and of all plaees in this
country in the council chambers of her Legis-
lature, and acts of Congress which tend to
keep alive the memories of past resentments,
or of resentments that should be buried in the
past, are certainly impolitic, and when couched
in their present phrase and presented in their
present form are manifestly unjust. There is
no more reason why a man who has received
the Executive pardon for offenses growing out
of his share in the late civil war should not
stand before the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try precisely equal to any other citizen who has
been free from offense and never engaged in
such hostilities.
I am perfectly clear that any act of Con-
gress which tends to discriminate against men
and to deprive them of any portion of the
absolution which the Executive pardon carries
with it is in violation of the prerogative of
the Executive clearly bestowed in the Consti-
tution of the United States.
]f the act authorizing suits in the Court of
Claims needs revision, if it be thought that
new protections to the Treasury of the United
States growing out of these peculiar emergen-
cies are needed, let a committee carefully
compare the provisions of that law with the
amendment now proposed and report in due
order such measures as they consider neces-
sary for the safety of the Treasury and the ex-
clusion of improper claimants. But a measure
introduced in this way, without the sanction of
a committee, without the examination which
the Senate always relies upon a committee
giving to a measure, is acting suddenly upon
a very important class of eases and upon the
acts of a large number of our fellow-citizens
which certainly should be acted upon with
circumspection and with care.
1 have been led to make these remarks in
opposition to this amendment chiefly from two
considerations: first, I desire to see now and
forever in the future all distinctions between
citizens of different sections of this country
done away with ; that in the eye of the law
they should be eqnal; that whpre punishment
awaits an individual it should be by the regu-
lar course of law, by due process, and noiby
discriminating provisions which tend to remind
them of past days and to establish inequalities
of right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Delaware a question ? 1 wish to inquire
of him, if it is not disagreeable to him to be
interrupted, whether in his opinion it was
the intention of Congress in the act of 1863
to provide under any future contingency for
the restoration to those who were engaged in
hostilities against the United States of property
which had been captured from them or aban-
doned by them in the course of military oper-
ations ?
Mr. BAYARD. It certainly was. The
Supreme Court of the United States have
declared that it was not the intention of Con-
gress that the title to these proceeds should
