834
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
42d Cong....2d Suss.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CCCXIV.— An Act for the Relief of
Mrs. Fanny Kelly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is, authorized and directed
to pay Mrs. Fanny Kelly the sum of ten thou-
sand dollars, out of any moneys inthe'Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, in ful 1_ for
property taken and destroyed by the Sioux
Indians in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Approved, June 5, 1872.
Chap. CCCXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Wilson Bowlby, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue for Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, directed to credit
Wilson Bowlby, collector of internal revenue
for Oregon, with one thousand one hundred
and four dollars, the value ot internal revenue
stamps alleged to have been sent by mail ou the
twenty-sixth of April, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, to said Bowlby, and which never
reached him.
Approved, June 6, 1872.
Chap. CCCXVUI.—An Act for the Relief
of Harmon E. Wentworth, late Second
Lieutenant Fourteenth New York Heavy
Artillei'y.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral, United States Army, is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to Harmon E. Wentworth,
late second lieutenant, company D, fourteenth
regiment, New York heavy artillery, the full
pay and emoluments of a second lieutenant of
heavy artillery, from the seventh day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to the six-
teenth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, and also to allow him what he may have
refunded of the " three months' pay proper,"
paid to liim under act of March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-live, deducting therefrom
all pay he may have received fiom the Govern-
ment as an enlisted man for that period.
Approved, June 6, 1872.
Chap. CCCXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Brevet Colonel Emeric Szabad.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, directed to allow
and pay to Brevet Colonel'Emeric Szabad the
full pay proper and allowance of an aid-de-
camp on duty in the field, with the rank of
captain, from the first day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to the date of his mus-
ter, the same being for actual services ren-
deied in the field.
Approved, June 6, 1872.
Chap. CCCXX.—An Act for the Relief of Se-
lah V. Reeve, late Quartermaster Sergeant
of the Fourth Michigan Infantry Volunteers.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to Selah V. Reeve, late
quartermaster sergeant of the fourth Michigan
infantry volunteers, out of any money not
otherwise appropriated, full pay and allow-
ances as quartermaster sergeant, from Sep-
tember first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
to June first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
deducting therefrom what he may have re-
ceived on account of such services for that
period.
Approved, June 6, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXVIII.—An Act to remove the
Political Disabilities of the persons therein
named.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
by reason of participation in the late rebellion
be, and they are hereby, removed from the
following persons, namely: Alexander R.
Boleler, of West Virginia ; JohnYoungBrown,
of Henderson, Kentucky.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
S. D. Houston, late Receiver of Public
Moneys at Junction City, in the State of
Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two hun-
dred and twenty-three dollars and thirty-four
cents be appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
reimburse S. D. Houston, late receiver of
public moneys at the United States land office
at Junction City, Kansas, for one month's
salary and commissions paid to John Williams,
the r< gisier of that office, after the act of the
second of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, known as the "civil tenure office law;"
and that,, in the settlement of the accounts of
said Houston, the Commissioner of ihe Gen-
eral Land Office be authorized to allow and
pay the sum of two hundred and twenty-three
dollars and thirty-four cents, as settlement in
full of payment made to John Williams by S.
D. Houston.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXX.—An Act for the Relief of
Sarah A. Ward.
Be it enacted by ihe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Sarah A. Ward, widow of the
late Commander James H. Ward, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, the sum of five thousand
dollars, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, in full and complete
compensation and satisfaction for the past and
future use by the United States of an improve
ment in naval gun-carriages, invented by said
James H. Ward.
Approved, June 7, 1872.
Chap. CCCXXX1.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of
Win. W: Montgomery, late Captain in Texas
Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Mary Ann Mont-
gomery, widow of William W. Montgomery,
late captain in Texas volunteers, and to pay
her a pension from the passage of this act, as
a captain's widow, and in respect to her minor
children under sixteen years of age.
J. G BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
Vice President of ihe United States
and President of the Senate.
In the Senate of the United States,
May 17, 1872.
The President of the United States having
returned to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled "An act granting a pension
to Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of Wm W.
Montgomery, late captain in Texas volun
teers," with his objections thereto, the Senate
proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution,
to reconsider the same, and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the
same.
GEO. C. GORHAM,
Secretary of the Senate.
In the House op Representatives,
June 7, 1872.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled " An act granting
a pension to Mary Ann Montgomery, widow
of Wm. W. Montgomery, late captain in Texas
volunteers," returned to the Senate by the
President of the United States, with his objec-
tions, and sent by the Senate to the House of
Representatives, wiih the message of the Pres-
ident returning ihe bill—•
Resolved, That, the bill pass, two thirds of
the House of Representatives agreeing to pass
the same.
Attest: EDW'D McPHERSON.
Clerk.
Chap. CCCLXX.—An Act for the Relief of
William Henry Otis.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay, or cause to be paid, to Wil-
liam Henry Otis, of Indianapolis, in the State
of Indiana, the sum of three thousand dollars,
in full compensation for growing crop, fenc-
ing, and fruit trees destroyed upon, and dam-
ages dxme by the United States troops in and
to, forty-five and one half acres of land be-
longing to the said William Henry Otis, known
as Camp Burnside. lying and being adjacent
to the said city of Indianapolis, while said
land was occuped by said troops from the year
eighteen hundred and sixiy one to the year
eighteen hundred and sixty five.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate
Received by the President May 28, 1872.
- [Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the Uniied States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated with-
in the time prescribed by the Constitution of
the United States, has become a law without
his approval.]
Chap. CCCLXXI.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles and Henry W. Spencer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A merica in
Congress assembled, That ihe Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay Charles Spencer arid
Henry W. Spencer, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriaied, ihe sum
of eight thousand one hundred and ninety-six
dollars and fifty cents, in full tor the illegal
seizure and destruction of their boat and per-
