44 TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
down to transact its business, I reject the idea
that the assent of any State is necessary. If
there be no objection to the bill except that
aimed at the power of the Government to take
property—not jurisdiction, but property—for
public use, making compensation, I have no
quarrel with the bill, and see no difficulty.
But, sir, if the time which has been devoted
to this bill had been devoted to the consider-
ation of the other, or if we could gain five
minutes to consider the other bill to which I
have referred, in my judgment the public
service would be better served than it will be
by passing an act to condemn laud in Cin-
cinnati, which I predict the Government will
acquire, and acquire soon, without any act of
condemnation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, I move to amend
the bill by adding the following as an addi-
tional section:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to acquiie, by purchase from
the mayor and corporation of the city of New York
the whole or so much of the publie park in the eity
oi New York known as the Battery as, in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Treasury, may be neces-
sary for the erection thereon of suitable buildings
for a custom-house, appraisers' stores, barge-office,
assay ollice, and foreign-mail station : Provided,
That the terms of such pqrchaso shall, in the judg-
ment ot the Secretary, be equitable and just.
I will simply say a single word in reference
to this measure and the necessity of acting
upon it now and in connection with this bill.
If this measure shall be adopted it will be
several years hefore the buildings can be built,
and while they are being built the commerce
of the country will be very materially ob-
structed, and in consequence of that it appears
to me it is important that we should act on
this measure now.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not desire to take
up auy time, but I wish to say one word on
this subject. I have objected to the consider-
ation of that bill again and agaiu, as certainly
everybody knows, with no disrespect to the
Senator from Connecticut, although the re-
marks of the Senator from New York might
s.eem to imply that there w^s some disrespect
to him.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. THURMAN. Again, I have pot
objected to that bill because the subject is not
a great one and worthy of our consideration,
but for two reasons : first, when it was moved
before I objected to everything that blocked the
way to the passage of the appropriation bills;
and in the second place, I do not believe Con-
gress is prepared to embark iu an enterprise
involving an expenditure of ten or it may be
fifteen or twenty million dollars without due
consideration, more than there is time at this
late period of the session to give to it.
Now, that I hear the bill read for the first
time, I confess a little surprise at its provis-
ions. It authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to purchase this property from the mayor
and commonalty of the city of New York.
Why, sir, if a pamphlet on this subject that I
saw more than a year ago—somebody must
have anticipated this thing and published it—
be correct, the mayor and commonalty of
the city of New York have no more power
to sell a foot of the Battery than I have to
sell it; nay, more, the State of New York itself
cannot confer that power on them if the state-
ments in that pamphlet be true. They will
have to go to Congress for condemnation.
They cannot acquire it by purchase according
to the statement of that pamphlet without vio-
lating a dedication which the State of New
York has no right to violate.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me, see how he rushes to a conclusion. In
the first place 
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, do not debate this
matter.
Mr. CONKLING.
not be impatient.
Mr. SHERMAN.
I hope my friend will
W JeieateJ in this w«y.
I do not like to see
Mr. CONKLING. I do not want to see a
bill defeated, either; on the oontrary, I am
trying to get a bill passed.
The Senator from Ohio says this authorizes
the expenditure of ten or fifteen millions. It
authorizes nothing, except that the Secretary
of the Treasury is to go on and see what he
can do and inquire about it. Then the Sen-
ator says, in the second place, he has read a
pamphlet which shows that the Government
cannot get any title to this laud. Yery well;
the Secretary of the Treasury will ascertain
that fact, if it be so, and report it to us; and
yet the Senator launches out as if we were
going to put ten or fifteen millions of better-
ments on a property that we cannot get any
title to. If he will read the bill, he will see
that it means no such thing.
The _ PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before the vote is taken
on that amendment I wish to say a few words.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator from
California give me an opportunity to call up
the resolution extending the hour of adjourn-
ment to six o'clock this evening? I consider
it now necessary for the public business that
that resolution be called up. I still have not
given up hope of securing an adjournment to-
day, and therefore, with the consent of the
Senator from California, I will move to take
up the resolution in regard to adjournment
which I submitted on Saturday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Ohio '?
Mr. CASSERLY. The difficulty I have
about that is, that I fear that a vote of the
Senate rescinding that resolution pro tanto
will leave the whole thing at large.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all, unless both
Houses concur. The resolution is on the
Secretary's desk.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course it will re-
quire the concurrence of both Houses to adopt
it; but suppose the House receives it and
keeps it two or three days?
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we adjourn at
twelve o'clock to-day; that is all. lask that
the resolution be read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution indicated by him.
Mr. CHANDLER. .1 object.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator cannot ob-
ject.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, I can. There is
another bill up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Ohio to move to
postpone the present and all prior orders in
order to take up this resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay the pend-
ing bill on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to.
final adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I move that the
resolution I offered on Saturday be taken up.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Tion<-e of Represent-
atives concurring,) That the hour fixed for the final
adjournment of the two Houses on Monday, the
10th instant, he extended to six o'clock p. m., at
which hour the Speaker of the House and the Pres-
ident of the Senate do adjourn their respective
Houses without day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senate proceed to the consideration of this
resolution?
Mr. HOWE. Before the Senate take up
that resolution I wish they would allow me to
have recousiih-red the vote by wliiuii ilia Sen-
ate this morning ordered the views submitted
by the minority of the Committee on Investi-
gation to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I have already moved
to lay on the table a bill in which I took a
vital interest in order to call up this resolu-
tion, I hope the Senator will allow me now to
dispose of it.
Mr. HOWE. Let me have this vote recon-
sidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a vote on the
resolution first. It will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the resolution named.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that after the
words "six o'clock p. m." should be added
"of the same day."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from California that
the resolution is not yet before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I was in hopes that the Sen-
ator from Ohio would allow me to have that
vote reconsidered before calling up this reso-
lution.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are to pass the
resolution at all, it ought to be passed imme-
diately.
Mr. HOWE. I know ; but if you are going
to reconsider that vote you ought to reconsider
it very soon.
Mr. President, the other day, when the
report from the Committee on Investigation
and Retrenchment was submitted to the Sen-
ate, the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
asked permission of the Senate to prepare and
have printed during the recess the views of
those he called the minority of that commit-
tee. In that request he was seconded by the
Senator from California, [Mr. CAKSERtar.] I
acquiesced very readily m that proposition,
although it was resisted by some of my polit-
ical friends on this side of the Chamber. I
assumed 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to proceed in order on the proposi-
tion which is pending, aud then if we extend
the hour of adjournment to six o'clock he
will have plenty of time.
Mr. HOWE. But I do not see where the
time is to come in. I do not want to debate
this matter. I do want to make a statement
to the Senate; and there will be just as much
time for the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio as there is for this. There is nothing
before the Senate, no bill, no measure, noth-
ing but a proposition to proceed to the con-
sideration of that resolution. Now, if I cannot
take the opportunity to explain why I think
the Senate should reconsider that vote, I do
not see what opportunity will be afforded me
between this and twelve o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Chair
whether it is in order for the Senator to dis-
enss one proposition while another is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that if any measure were pending for
consideration it would be ; but it has been held
that on a motion to take up debate on the
merits of the proposition to be considered is
not in order, and therefore, as has been de-
cided by the Vice President, which ruling the
present occupant of the chair will follow, it is
not in order to debate the merits of anything
else. The Chair therefore decides that it is
not in order for the Senator from Wisconsin
to debate the question of reconsideration on
this motion.
Mr. CONKLING. That w«may understand
how the business is before the Senate, I beg
to ask a question of the Chair. The Anacostia
railroad bill was before the Senate, and was
laid aside informally to enable the Cincinnati
bill to betaken up, which was taken up by con-
sent. Now, I take it the regularorder, if any-
body demands it, is the railroad bill until it is
laid aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand what the Senator from
New York has stated to be the state of the
