2678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
be "divested absolutely out of the original
owners of the property." That, they say,
seems clear.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not ask my honor-
1 able friend what the Supreme Court had said.
, Even my little knowledge of the law led me to
know that. I asked him whether he believed
that in providing in the act of 1863 that no
man should be entitled to apply to the Court
of Claims unless he had been in fact a loyal
man—not in law a loyal man, but in fact a
loyal man—and that in fact he had never given
any aid or comfort to the enemy, it was the
intention of Congress to provide in any future
contingency that that class of men who had
been hostile to the United States should go
into the Court of Claims and take the money
which had been realized from their captured
property ?
Mr, BAYARD. I .should be very sorry to
think that Congress would pass an act which
contemplated an invasion of a clear preroga-
tive of a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment; and I mean by that this : the Congress
of the United States is supposed to act—1 will
not say how violent the presumption may be
some times—in subordination to the provisions
of the Constitution, and 1 say thatthey cannot
exclude a man from the prospective benefits
of a pardon; if they do shorten his rights under
that pardon, then they have pro tanto destroyed
the power of pardon. 1 say that Congress have
no such power; they can neither add to nor
can they detract one jot or tittle from the power
of the President of the United States to pardon
all offenses against the United States except in
cases of impeachment. For that reason it is
my idea that the law of 1868 was made with-
out reference to the effect of excluding men
who had been engaged in armed hostility to
the Government, because any disability of that
character which prevented them from suing
would be removed by the grant of pardon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So that I understand my
honorable friend to mean that Congress in
saying in 1863, in conferring a special juris-
diction on the Court of Claims, that those
only should be entitled to apply who had never
in any way aided the rebellion, meant to say
and .did ia cantemplafcioaurf law intelligently
say that they intended to declarfe 'that every
person who had engaged in the rebellion and
who could afterward get a pardon from the
President should be entitled to apply to the
Court of Claims. That is the proposition of
my friend, as I understand it.
Mr. BAYARD. I should state it some-
what differently probably.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But in substance the
same thing.
Mr-. BAYARD. Yes, in substance, that is
my view, that the Congress of the United
States cannot change the status of the citizens
of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Cannot the Congress of
the United States regulate what class of citi-
zens may apply -to the Court of Claims?
Mr. BAYARD. I agree that they may regu-
late the class, but they cannot under the form
of regulating the class who may sue in the
Court of Claims infringe upon or detract from
the power of Executive pardon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be granted,
but I wish to ask the honorable Senator if he
means to say that if Congress shall declare in
terms that no man who had in fact engaged
in the rebellion should apply to the Court of
Claims for any claim against the Government,
but should apply to Congress, such an act
would he unconstitutional?
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator to state
his proposition again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend if he
means to assert that if Congress should de-
clare that no man who had in fact engaged in
the rebellion, pardoned or not pardoned,
should apply to the Court of Claims tor redress
against the Government for a claim he had,
but should apply to Congress in its sovereign
capacity, such an act of Congress would be
unconstitutional ?
Mr. BAYARD. I believe the presidential
pardon would give him a status in that court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
I asked my friend. I asked him whether it
is in the power of Congress to declare that
pardoned men in making claims against the
Government shall apply here, and shall not
apply in the Court of Claims.
Mr. BAYARD. The power of Congress
would continue until it came in conflict with
a just exercise of his powers by the President,
when he, under the Constitution, exercised
his grant of pardon, which would place the
party just where he was before the act was
committed, and all the incidents would flow
from that. Congress cannot in advance par-
alyze the arm of the President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I agree; it cannot in
advance or afterward paralyze the arm ot the
President. My friend and I perfectly agree
about that. But he does not answer the ques-
tion that T put to him, whether it is a consti-
tutional exercise of the legislative power of
this Government to say that in respect to
claims against the Government the claim of a
man who has been a rebel and is pardoned
shall be made in this tribunal ^nd shall not
be made in the Court of Claims. That is the
point I wish him to answer.
Mr. BAYARD. I doubt very much whether
a law can be framed that is constitutional
which does provide for those things.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I supposed. I had
no doubt that was the opinion of ray friend.
Mr. BAYARD. I am looking at the sub-
stantial result. If the substantial result be
that Congress can establish a class of offenses
which shall exclude men and carry with them
certain punitory results, then Congress can
establish a class of offenses which the execu-
tive pardon cannot reach ; and I say the Con-
stitution has taken from them that power.
There is but one class of cases that the power
of pardon does not reach, and that is the class
of convictions on impeachment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose here were
one hundred men who had engaged in the
rebellion and been pardoned having claims
against the Government, and there were an-
other one hundred men who had never been
in the rebellion at all having claims against the
Government. The Senator will concede that
Congress could pass a law naming the one
hundred men who had not been in the rebel-
lion, and say they should go to your Court of
Claims and nobody else should. Now, what
difference is there, so far as regards the con-
stitutional power, between describing the one
hundred men who may go there with their
claims by name and the one hundred men
who may not be named, describing them by
the circumstances, one engaged in the rebel-
lion and the other not?
Mr. BAYARD. 1 presume that the Con-
gress of the United States can name the indi-
viduals by special act who are authorized to
bring suits in the tribunals erected by Congress
to ascertain the justice of claims against the
United States, it has been done constantly.
By special legislation we frequently authorize
suit to be brought by parties who would other-
wise have no status in court; or we can au-
thorize an appearance on behalf of the United
States, I presume. But this amendment and
the spirit of this amendment goes much fur-
ther* #It does not provide that A, B, and C,
certain named individuals or classes of men,
shall have the right to sue in those courts;
but it declares that men who have been guilty
of a certain offense shall not sue in a certain
court under any circumstances. Then what
do you do ? You place these offenses beyond
the pale of executive pardon ; and will you
tell me that when you have not done that you
have not shortened the executive prerogative ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me one inter-
ruption more. The question is not on the
construction of that act now. Whether it
does make that discrimination or not, is not
the point between the Senator from Vermont
and my friend from Delaware. The question
is whether Congress has the constitutional
power to discriminate between claimants;
and if it may do so by name, which is con-
ceded, why may it not do so by description
which is equivalent, in order to separate the
two classes?
Mr. BAYARD. I should be sorry to be-
lieve that such indirection could be reached.
If the Congress of the United States shall say
that the consequences of crime in one case
shall debar a man from recovering his property
and that no pardon shall restore it, then they
undoubtedly have limited the effect of pardon,
because if it were granted it would place the
individual in the same position as if he had
never committed an offense.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wehave notundertaken
to say any such thing. We only have said
that the man whose property was taken in the
battle of Gettysburg, if you please, or in the
battle of Petersburg, he having beeu on the
other side, shall apply here at this tribunal or
at the other end of the Capitol to the Govern-
ment that has taken it to give it back to him.
Then, if he can make out that an executive
pardon entitles him to it, it is the duty of
Congress, I suppose, to give it back to him.
We have said that if the man was fighting on
our side he may apply in another tribunal that
we have created in a certain way. There we
have only separated the sheep from the goats,
to use a scriptural expression, and said that
the goats shall come to headquarters and that
the sheep may get it in another way.
Mr. BAYARD. The simile is borrowed, I
suppose, from the Old Testament. That sort
of feeling is still carried out toward these peo-
ple who were at one time enemies, but who I
hope will some day be friends,, if they are per-
mitted to be so. -•   **
Whether I have satisfied my friends on the
other side or not, I know not. Probably I have
not; their views are different. But about the
Drake amendment, that was argued here. The
constitutionality of that amendment was argued
and maintained upon the other side of the
Chamber as positively as is this proposition
now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I maintain it now,
for one; and if my friend will pardon me, I
beg leave to say that the Supreme Court has
no more right to decide for me as a Senator
acting here what is the Constitution than I
have a right to decide for them. They act
upon parties ; I act upon the public.
Mr. BAYARD. I know very well the power
of Congress, and we have had some reason to
know it is a great deal stronger than that of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
we know very well that when the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States do
not suit Congress, they are able to go to work
to get around them or over them, and it is
precisely that spirit which I was regretting the
existence of; it is precisely that spirit which
I think has dictated this new attempt to de-
stroy the effect of the decisions of the Supreme
Couit of the United States. It is plain to me
that you are reaching by indirection, undertha
proposition of my honorable opponents on the
other side, that which you would not venture
to propose directly. You are declaring that
there are certain offenses done upon the com-
mission of which are certain penalties, that
there is loss of property or some penal con-
sequence attached to the commission of crimes
