3574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
having held that grade, then they will not give
anything to the children. Therefore in this
case it was necessary that we should provide
that beside the twenty dollars per month she
would receive as the widow of a captain she
should have two dollars a month additional
for each of her children under sixteen years
of age. So the bill used this language, "shall
pay her a pension from the passage of this act
as a captain's widow and in respect to her
minor children under sixteen years of age,"
so that she would draw a pension in respect
to her children and also in respect to the grade
of captain—precisely what was necessary to
accomplish the purpose we had in view.
The President of the United States accord-
ing to the course of business, as I understand,
and certainly it is a very wise and proper
course, sends bills of this character and of all
other characters, when there is time, to the
various Departments which have to do with
this particular class of business, to see what
objections, if any, may exist to the approval
of the bill. Under advice, of course, from the
Pension Office, which did not seem to com-
prehend what it was about, the President
returned the bill with this message, which is
very short:
To the Senate of the United States :
I have tho honor to return herewith S. No. 955,
entitled "An act granting a pension to Mary Ann
Montgomery, widow of William W. Montgomery,
late captain in Texas volunteers," witbout my ap-
proval, inasmuch as the_ concluding phrase, "and
in respect to Ifer minor children under sixteen years
of age," has obviously no meaning whatsoever.
If it were the intention of the framer of the bill
that the pension thereby granted should revert to
said minor children upon the remarriage or death
of the widow, the phrase referred to should read as
follows: "and, in the event of her remarriage or
death, to her minor children under sixteen years of
age." I therefore return the bill for proper action.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, May 14,1872.
I have already explained why it was indis-
pensable to use this precise language that we
did use to accomplish the object we had in
view. As to the supposed intention of the
committee to give this pension to her children
if she should die orbe remarried, we had no such
intention at all. They would not be entitled
to it except as to the two dollars a month
which they then might be entitled to ; but her
own pension they would not be eniitled to
necessarily. So that the committee were
unanimously of the opinion that if Congress
intend to do this act of justice to this widow
they must do it in precisely this way. We
therefore recommend that the bill pass, not-
withstanding the objections of the President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill. The question is, will the
Senate, on reconsideration, agree to the pas-
sage of this bill, the objections of the Pres-
ident to the contrary notwithstanding?
The bill was read as follows:
An act granting a pension to Mary Ann Mont-
gomery, widow of William W. Montgomery, late
captain in Texas volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Conoress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll, subjoct to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Mary Ann
Montgomery, widow of William W. Montgomery,
late captain in Texas volunteers, and to pay her a
pension from the passage of this act as a captain's
widow, and in respect to her minor children under
sixteen years of age.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the Ilouie of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
I certify that this act did originate in the Senate.
GEO. C. GORIIAM,
Secretary.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I think it proper that
I should state to the Senate that I am familiar
with the history of this case. It is a merito-
rious claim. 1 have no doubt about that, and
this lady ought to be pensioned under the cir-
cumstances.
There is a history connected with it had I
the time to relate it to the Senate. One of
the parties who participated in the murder of
this officer lived immediately in nay vicinity.
He was arrested, carried to Austin, made his
escape, and finally came back. The matter
had subsided to a considerable extent, and he
declared himself a candidate for Congress,
and was elected. He came on here, but did
not quite get his seat, the State not then being
received under the reconstruction law. While
here, he was one of the most bitter of rebels,
and boasted of his participancy in this horrid
crime boldly, and indeed it gave him political
capital at that day. He came on here with a
certificate, dressed himself up very finely,
standing upward of six feet high, and called
upon some friends to present his credentials,
&c. They told him that they thought his get-
ting his seat would be rather a slow process.
He wanted to come in directly and have the
privilege of the floor. Finding he could not
obtain that, he went up into the galleries and
took a seat, and was sitting there when, on
looking to the right, close to him, he saw a
large black man, and, without ceremony he
moved the other way; and lo, and behold, as
he looked to the left he found he had got right
close to another. [Laughter.] He jumped
up and left the galleries at once, and went
down the stairs very rapidly, and just as he
got below some friend stepped up to him and
said: " Look here, George; they have a little
document here, and they are talking about
you, and I think you had better get away."
He did leave. He left in a hurry, and he did
not go back to his own county, nor has he
been there yet; but he is in another State,
and he is remaining there unmistakably on
account of this very killing.
I could say much about this case; it is a
meritorious claim; but I will not detain the
Senate. I do hope that under the circum-
stances the Senate will pass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate, on reconsideration, agree to
the passage of this bill, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding?
And by the Constitution that question must be
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAIR. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a pension
bill, and the Committee on Pensions unani-
mously recommend, notwithstanding the objec-
tions of the President, that the bill should pass,
they stating that the bill is in the phraseol-
ogy which they desire to have it. The Pres-
ident vetoed it upon the ground of phraseology.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 44, nay 1; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Buckingham, Casserly. Chandler, Clayton, Colo,
Cooper, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morriii
of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
ltamsey, Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague. Stevenson, Stewart. Sumner, Thur-
man. Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson, and
Wright—44.
NAY—Mr. Ferry of Connecticut—1.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Conkhng, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Frclmghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg.Logan, Morton,
Norwood, Osborn, Rico, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stockton, and Windom—29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two thirds of
the Senate having voted in the affirmative, the
bill is again passed, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding,
and will be transmitted to the House of Rep-
resentatives with the message of the President
and the vote of the Senate.
KIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2208) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes, have instructed me to
report it back with sundry amendments. I
give notice that I will on Tuesday next, if the
day is not otherwise appropriated, endeavor
to call up this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks that the bill be made the
special order for Tuesday next at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator said unless
the day was otherwise occupied. There may
be other arrangements.
The -VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
reported back, andean be made a special order
by a two-thirds vote ; but if it be made a special
order, that will be subject, of course, to the
unfinished business of the previous evening.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senator if he
has any objection to making it the order for
to-day?
Mr. CHANDLER. It should be printed
and examined.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the proposition, and the bill is
made the special order for Tuesday next.
DISTRICT COURT AT TOLEDO.
Mr. THURMAN. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 534) to provide for holding the United
States district court in the city of Toledo,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, with a recommendation that it
pass. 1 ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Commhtee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that there shall be
two terms of the United States district court
for the northern district of Ohio held in the
city of Toledo, Ohio, in each year from and
after the passage of the act, the time and the
length of the terms to be fixed by the judge
of that court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the present consideration of the bill, and do
not wish to detain the Senate longer than to
state what the bill is, and then to ask for the
yeas and nays upon it. It involves a question
which will affect a series of bills. 1 suppose
there are before the Senate or in its commit-
tees twenty bills—I have not counted them,
but I think there are twenty—providing for the
creation of additional districts, and for mul-
tiplying the places of holding United States
courts. This bill is now called up to establish
another court in the S'.ate of Ohio, at Toledo.
The State of Ohio is now divided into two
judicial districts ; a court is held at Cleveland,
another is held at Cincinnati, and I think one
at Columbus.
Mr. THURMAN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, at Cleveland and
at Cincinnati United States courts are held.
Now it is proposed to hold another term of
the court for the northern district of Ohio at
Toledo, and Toledo is about one hundred
miles from Cleveland. It is a town of very
considerable importance. It is connected
with Cleveland by railroad and by water. The
time between Cleveland and Toledo is about
five hours. It takes about five hours to go
from one of these places to the other. Now
it is proposed to establish a United States
court at Toledo. By the multiplication of the
courts you directly multiply districts. The
first proposition is to establish a new place of
holding a court; the next is to create a new
district with a district judge, marshal, and
attorney ; the next step is to build a court-
house and post office ; and if this system has
to go on—1 say we have probably twenty such
bills now pending—we shall have in the United
States as many places of holding courts as
there are counties, and instead ofhaving sixty
or seventy district judges you will have six or
seven hundred.
I do not believe that the public interests
require any such multiplication of judges, of
districts, or of places of holding the United
States courts. The condition of things has
been anomalous in this country for a short
