It 82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Congress, and to provide that tenders shall be
asked for the work of the Forty-Third Con-
gress, so that hereafter there may be no repeti-
tion of this, and that the work shall not be
done except under contracts already made.
If the gentleman allows this amendment to
come in, X think there wili then be no objec-
tion to the passage of this bill.
Mr. COBURN. I beg to say that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] speaks with-
out authority from some, at least, of the gen-
tlemen who are opposed to the bill.
Mr. AMBLER. I do not undertake to speak
for anybody but myself.
Mr. COBURN. I am willing to vote $250,000
for the payment of the publishers of the Globe
on account, leayingthis matter open for adjust-
ment hereafter.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew it.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
Mr. KELLEY said: I again ask unanimous
consent to incorporate with my remarks the
paper to which I before referred.
Mr. BEATTY. I object.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 85, noes 58.
So the.motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropii-
ate committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of General
Samuel Beatty and G1 others, Union soldiera
and citizens of Ohio, praying pensions to all
the soldiers of the war of 1812, and their
widows; the equalization of bounties at $8 33j
per month during tho lime of actual service';
back pensions to date from the period of dis-
ability ; a land warrant of one hundred and
sixty acres, without requiring settlement, to
soldiers of the war of "18(51; and also the estab-
lishment of a soldiers' commission.
^ Also, the memorial of Frederick Drair, of
Steubenville, Ohio, praying a pension on ac-
count of disability contracted in the service
during the war of 1801.
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Charles
A; Budd and 800 others, praying tho repeal
of section eighty-two of the internal revenue
law, which imposes a double tax upon tho
poorer classes of manufacturers, and other
relief.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of George
W. pyson, of Rappahannock county, Virginia,
asking a removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. BUFF1NTON : Tho petition of Jef-
ferson Borden and 20 others, merchants and
manufacturers of Fall River, Massachusetts,
praying that before any action looking to a
change in tariff on cotton cloths is had they
have granted them a hearing before the appro-
priate committee.
Also, the petition of Richard Borden and
12 others, in aid of the same.
Also, the petition of S. Ainger Chace and
20 others, in aid of the same.
Also, the petition of Peleg Blanltinship, a
citizen of Marion, Massachusetts, praying legis-
lation to provide for the payment of French
spoliation claims.
Bv Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Mrs.
Maggie B. Miller, praying arrears of pension.
By Mr. COTTON: The petition of Otto
Allrieht and 80 others, citizens of the second i
district of Iowa, asking an increase of the
tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of M. B.
Harrcll and others, praying that all type-metal
be admitted free.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of John S.
Hare, of Ritchie county, West Virginia, pray-
ing Congress to grant him a pension.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of A. F. Wil-
cox, David Hibbard,A. A. Wright, and 138
others, citizens of Onondaga county, New
York, dairymen and consumers of salt, pro-
testing against the reduction of the duties upon
foreign salt, and setting forth that the inci-
dental protection afforded to the domestic man-
ufacturers of salt during the last ten years has
furnished the people with an article equal to
the best in the world, and at more uniform and
reasonable prices than would have ruled had
they been dependent upon foreign supplies.
Also, the petition of Edgar E. Ewers,
Samuel Ferguson. 0. D. Blanchard, and 127
others, citizens of Onondaga county, New
York, protesting against an extension to this
country of the British policy of free trade, and
praying increased protection for all industries
that, require it; and that in all changes of the
tariff the interests of domestic industry and of
the workingmen of the United States shall be
paramount to every other consideration.
By Mr. DUKE : The petition of citizens of
Farmville, Virginia, praying Congress to reduce
the tax on manufactured tobacco, and to make
the rate of tax uniform on all classes of man-
ufactured tobacco entering the market.
Also the petitions of John S. Langhorne and
A. R. Trible, of Lynchburg, Virginia, for the
removal of their political disabilities.
By Mr. DUN NELL: The petition of Charles
W. Rickerson and 84 others, of Minnesota, late
of the Union Army, asking an equalization of
bounties.
Also, the memorial of William S. Grants, of
Minnesota, praying relief on account of dam-
ages to which he was subjected by reason of
the violation and rescission of certaiu con-
tracts with the War Department.
By Mr. ELDREDGE: The memorial of
John C. Dennison and 45 others, citizens of
the town of Hartford, in th-e State of Wiscon-
sin, for the repeal of the bankrupt law.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The petition of
John McLaughlin and William Sout, late pri-
vates in company H, twenty-sixth regiment
Missouri volunteers, for arrears of pay.
By Mr. FRYE : Thopetition of James Wake-
field and others, for the establishment of a mon-
ument on Glover's or Fuller's rock, at the
mouth of the Kennebec.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Franklin
Sawyer and others, for a light-house at Goulds-
borough bay, Maine.
By Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey: The
petition of 152 workmen and citizens of Glass-
boro, New Jersey, m favor of the repeal of
all duties on tea and coffee, and remonstrating
against a repeal of duties on articles produced
and successfully manufactured in this country.
By Mr. 110LMAN: The petition of Jonathan
L.Jones, of St. Louis, Missouri, forcompensa-
tion for the use by the United States of his
patent for improved defensive armor for water
and land batteries.
Also, the petition of Isaac Gill, Benjamin
Whatraore, and 80 others, late Union soldiers
of the State of Pennsylvania, for equalization
of bounties by an allowance of $8 33} per
month to all honorably discharged soldiers,
deducting the bounty paid ; also, for bounty
lands for Union soldiers without requiring
actual settlement and cultivation.
By Mr. MANSON : The memorial of Lewis
Thompson, William Richard, S. F. Fry, C.
Nisley, James W. Beasley, C. A. Straes,
J. E. Robinson, Daniel Royse, and others,
of Lafayette, Indiana, all soldiers in the late
war to suppress the rebellion, praying the
enactment by Congress of a law to grant one
hundred and sixty acres of land to every
honorably discharged soldier and seaman, and
the widows and children of such as may be
deceased, in fee-simple.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of
J. W, Hawthorn and 815 others, citizens of
vi ashington county, Pennsylvania; and 09
members of the Legislature of the State of
Pennsylvania, praying such modifications of
the pending bounty-land bill as will not only
secure to the soldier the advantages of actual
settlers on any unappropriated public land, but
in the event of his death enable his heirs-at-
law to recover, as provided by the act of July
28, 1866.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: The
petition of James Marshall and 33 others,
asking Congress to reimburse Napoleon B.
Allen for property destroyed by Federal troops
during the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. McGREW : The petition of Philip
Pendleton, for his own relief as late paymas-
ter of the Army of the United States.
By Mr. McINTYRE: The memorial of
David R. Dillon, of Georgia, praying addi-
tional compensation for the use of his steamer,
the Amazon, in the year 1805, by the United
States Government.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Hugh
McCormick, a clerk in the Patent Office, for
extra compensation as disbursing clerk in said
office from April 8, 1851, to September 30,
18G8.
By Mr. ORR : The petitions of the Northern
Vindicator, Boone Standard, and H.ancock
Signal, newspapers in Iowa, in favor of a
repeal of the duty on printers' type.
Also, the petition of the Northern Vindi-
cator, asking the use of the mails.
Also, the remonstrance of citizens of Iowa,
against certain proposed changes in the Con-
stitution of the United States.
By Mr. PALMER: The remonstrance of
citizens of Montgomery county, Iowa, against
land grants to railroad companies.
By Mr. SARGENT: The petition of the
California Academy of Sciences, asking an
appropriation for observations of the transit
of Venus across the disk of the sun.
Also, the petition of hospital stewards, for
an increase of pay.
_ Also, the statement of citizens of San.Fran-
cisco, in regard to letters rogatory.
Also, the petition of citizens of Crescent
City, California, for an appropriation for a
harbor of refuge a,t that port.
By Mr. SAWYER: The remonstrance of
Messrs. Elmore & Kelly, and 89 others, resi-
dents of Green Bay, Wisconsin, against the
repeal of the present duty on salt.
By Mr. SLATER: The petition of J. B.
Reynolds, II. Duboise,and 76 others, residents
of Portland, Oregon, being citizens of the Uni-
ted States and of the State of Oregon, praying
Congress to pass the bill, known as Chari.es
Sumxek'k bill, supplementary to the civil rights
bill.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of B. F. Speedy, late first lieutenant com-
pany G, second battalion six months' Penn-
sylvania volunteers, for relief.
By Mr. STORM, of Pennsylvania: A com-
munication from Howard J. Reeder, John F.
Hartranlt,, and others, protesting against the
passage of any law granting one hundred and
sixty acres of land to soldiers without actual
residence thereon, and asking an increase of
pension and an equalization of bounties.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of
William Hodges and 330 others, citizens of
Michigan, and soldiers of the late war, asking
the passage of a soldiers' homestead law, with
the privilege of selling and assigning the same.
Also, the petition of H. L. Chapman and
71 others, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Seth Sherwood and 92
others, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Captain George L.
Linder and 49 others, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: The memorial
of D. D. Foley, asking payment from the Gov-
ernment for use in the navy-yard of his patent
for steam-condenser.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Jacob
Philip Range, praying a pension.
13y Mr. TYNER: The petition of sundry
