1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3575
time, growing out of the war. There has been
much more business for the Federal courts in
consequence of our internal revenue system
which is about being abolished. A good deal
of criminal business has arisen from our in-
ternal revenue system, and also a good deal of
business out^of the inauguration of the bank-
rupt system. That business is diminishing.
There will be no business comparatively under
the internal revenue system after a little, and
the voluntary part of the bankrupt law is
pretty well done away with , so that there will
hereafter be but little business comparatively
in the United States courts in bankruptcy,
and the amount of business in the United
States courts will be less than it has been.
This desire for a United States court in
every locality seems tome to be based upon a
mistaken notion among the people. The Uni-
ted States district court has no jurisdiction of
suits between citizens. Suppose your court is es-
tablished now at Toledo, or as is proposed by
another bill that is pending here to establish
three places of holding court additional to the
four now in the State of North Carolina, what
business will there be in that court? What is it
that the people will want the court for ? If it
is a district court, it has no jurisdiction except
criminal jurisdiction and admiralty jurisdic-
tion. There maybe but little admiralty juris-
diction at Toledo. I am speaking now in
reference to this class of bills. At many points
where it is proposed by pending bills to estab-
lish courts there is no admiralty jurisdiction
whatever. Now, what business can there be
in the district court?
Mr. THURMAN. If youwillgive me time
to answer I will state.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will tell you what.
You can indict somebody for violating your
postal laws or for some criminal offense. The
district courts have jurisdiction of criminal
offenses; they have no civil jurisdiction 
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to my friend
whether or not 
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have no admiralty
jurisdiction except iu the sea-ports.
Mr. KELLOGG. They would have civil
jurisdiction in case the civil rights bill should
pass.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to my friend,
as this is the morning hour, and debate kills
the bill, that he should let the friends of the
bill state what the business will be, and then
he can say whether they state it correctly or
not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was proceeding to
say, Mr. President, that there was no business
for a United Stales court that required it in
these new districts 
Mr. THUllMAN. If I do not show that
there is I will give up the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state generally
that the people are not suffering for u United
States court. A few lawyers may want, it ; a
few town-lot speculators may want a United
States court; a few officeseekers may want to
bejndges and district attorneys and marshals.
The people who are suffering for these courts
are men who want to be judges; want to be
marshals ; want to be district attorneys ; and
town-lot speculators who want to build court-
houses. These are the only people who are
suffering for these courts, unless you have got
some men who want to get into the peniten-
tiary and want a court so that they can be tried
for stealing a letter in the post office or vio-
lating some law. These courts have no civil
jurisdiction; and the only civil jurisdiction
tbat a circuit court of the United States has is
between citizens of different States and in cases
where questions may arise under the Federal
laws to some extent; but the jurisdiction is
very limited, and there is no case where a party
cannot get justice and enforce his rights in the
State courts.
If you have one United States court in a
State held at the capital of the State it is all
that the exigencies of the public service
require, except in some of the very large
States where there are large commercial cities,
lliere, I admit, where there is a large admir-
alty practice, and very large commercial trans-
actions, there may be occasion for more than
one district in a State, but I think we have
gone far enough in multiplying the courts and
the places of holding courts. Take this case
at Toledo now; the Senator from Ohio is
burning for the opportunity to tell how the
people of Toledo are suffering to get into a
United States court! Why, sir, they are
within five hours of Cleveland 1 If they are
suffering for want of justice iu a United States
court, let them go over to Cleveland. What
is the matter that they cannot bring a suit
there?
Mr. THURMAN. You will not let me tell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am going to allow
the Senator to tell. I want that he should
tell. I know he is suffering for an oppor-
tunity, and I am going to give way in a mo-
ment and then he will tell the Senate what
this suffering is of that people there and why
they cannot transact their business through
the court that is held at Cleveland.
_ But, Mr. President, there is another objec-
tion beyond this, and when I state that I will
give way to the Senator from Ohio. We have
a Supreme Court of the United States, and
under the Constitution we can have but one
Supreme Court. That court has been in ses-
sion here the last six months, and adjourned
only the other day, and it leaves upon the
docket one hundred and fifty more cases than
there were when the court opened. The busi-
ness is behind two years. It amounts to a
denial of justice almost, and now you go oil
multiplying these places of holding court, and
what is the effect? You hold out the encour-
agement to parties to get their cases into the
Federal courts instead of transacting their
business in the State courts. A lawyer living
in Toledo who has a claim to collect in favor
of a merchant living in Philadelphia or New
York will bring his suit in the Federal court;
why? Because the Federal court meets per-
haps before the State court does ; not because
he cannot get justice for his client in the State
court, but it will be more convenient for him
to bring suit in the Federal court; he will per-
haps get judgment at, an earlier day. If par-
ties want to litigate in regard to land titles in
the city of Toledo, or anywhere in that local-
ity, one of them will convey to some non-resi-
dent, so as to get into the Federal court with
his suit.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the Senator talk-
ing about, when this is for a district court alone,
which has no such jurisdiction ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not my friend
from Ohio know that a year will not go by be-
fore the next motion will be to have a circuit
court held there? What will my friend from
Ohio saythen? Why, " Wehave alreadygota
district court at Toledo; the judge goes^ there
twice a year; and it will not cost anything to
have a circuit court; and it would be a great
accommodation to have a circuit court; you
have got a district court established, and what
objection is there to letting the judge hold a
circuit court.?" Do we not know how that will
come, Mr. President? Just as easy and just
as natural, as the boys in the West would say,
as falling off a log.
Mr. President, this is the commencement of
the multiplication of courts, and the places of
holding them at this session. If the Senate is
disposed to embark iu this business, let us
begin with Toledo and go on through all the
States, and let every county and city that wants
a United States court have a court,^ and tax
the people and vote money out of the Treasury
to build court-houses and provide places for
the gentlemen who would like to serve the pub-
lic as judges and district attorneys and mar-
shals, and other official positions.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President,, I do not
think the Senator from Illinois has treated mo
quite fairly in this matter in consuming so
much time during the morning hour by a
speech, when, if he had listened to something
on the other side, he might have abreviated his
remarks a great deal. What are the facts?
Here is a bill that has passed the House of
Representatives, approved by the Judiciary
Committee of that House, approved by the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate, and re-
ported here, a bill which simply provides that
two terms of the United States district court
for the northern district of Ohio may be held
iu the city of Toledo. They are all now held
at the city of Cleveland.
What is the necessity or propriety for this?
It arises from this fact: Toledo is the second
city in Ohio on the lake; a city whose com-
merce is almost equal to that of any other
city on Lake Erie, and it is growing rapidly;
and not simply its lake commerce. It is the
terminus of two great canals, a canal from
Cincinnati to Toledo, and the Wabash and
Miami canal, a canal from the interior of In-
diana to Toledo. The bar of that city unani-
mously ask Congress to pass this bill. The
judge of the court is in favor of the bill,
although he will be put to inconvenience by
it. It will take no money out of the Treasury.
It will take money out of his pocket, for
instead of holding the court at home, at Cleve-
land, where he resides, he is willing to be at
the expense, for the accommodation of the
people, of holding two terms of the court at
the city of Toledo. It takes no money out of
the Treasury, therefore, and the only person
who loses by it is the judge of the court.
Now, what is the necessity for it? The
necessity for it grows out of the fact that
the Supreme Court of the United States has
decided tbat all the State water-craft laws are
null and void ; that the admiralty jurisdiction
of the United States, which is exclusive, ex-
tends over not only the lakes, but the rivers
and the canals; so that the State water-craft
law has become an absolute nullity. There-
fore, no sailor can, as he formerly could in
Ohio, libel a canal boat or a vessel in Toledo
for his wages. No material-man can do so ;
no ship-l'urnisher can do so ; but every such
claim, although it may be ever so insignificant,
although it may not be fifty dollars, must be
prosecuted at Cleveland in the district court
there, and the expense of prosecuting it is
more than the claim is worth in a large major-
ity of cases. That is the result of the decision
of the Supreme Court.
Now, what is asked here? Simply that as
the State water-craft law has become a nullity,
you should have an admiralty court at Toledo,
where the sailors, the material-men, the ship-
furnishers, the ship-chandlers, and all that
class of persons who are interested in this
subject may be allowed to have justice admin-
istered in their behalf in the only way in which
they can obtain justice.
If there were time 1 could go further into
this matter. No building is necessary. There
is the court-room there already. You have a
custom-house and a post office there already,
with a room amply sufficient for the court.
There will not be a dollar of outlay required
for any such purpose.
What is said in answer to all this? The
Senator from Illinois holds up here a frightful
picture of what we are going to do ; and that
in the face of the fact that the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this body, if I am not mistaken, have
reported but two such bills this whole session,
this one and one for the State of Kansas. I think
those are the only two bills of this sort they have
reported this whole session. There is no idea
of establishing a new district there. Nobody
dreams of any such thing as a new district.
Toledo itself would Dot agree to have a new
district. Ohio wants but the two districts.
When she wanted a third district it was a cen-
tral district, leaving Toledo in the same dis-
trict in which it now is. She wants nothing
of the kind, and there is no danger of it, and
