3576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
authorizing the holding of this court there is
not paving the way to any new district. The
United States courts are held in several places
in each of the districts of the State of New
York. That has not divided New York into
more districts. It is the same way in Penn-
sylvania. That has not divided Pennsylvania
into any more districts than have existed there
for half a century.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him in how many places
the courts are held?
Mr. THURMAN. Only two; only one in
that district, Cleveland.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the State?
Mr. THURMAN. Only two, and unfortun-
ately for the people on the extreme borders
of the State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think there
are three in my State.
Mr. THURMAN. There are only two in
the State of Ohio. I do not wish to take up
time, because I want to have a vote on the
bill, and I do not wish to speak the morning
hour out. I will only say one thing more. It
is not fair reasoning to hold up this picture
that the Senator from Illinois has exhibited to
the Senate on this bill. Let each bill stand
on its own merits. I ask that mine stand on
its own merits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio,
unintentionally of course, would leave a wrong
impression, I think, on the minds of the Sen-
ate by his remarks in regard to the decision of
the Supreme Court ofthe United States having
rendered all the water-craft laws of the States
invalid. That is not so at all. Every State
may pass its laws for the collection of debts
against water craft just as it can against land
craft. You can enforce the State law against
the owner of a vessel or parties having any-
thing to do with a vessel, just the same as you
can against parties having anything to do with
a threshing-machine or the building of a car-
riage. But I will tell you what you cannot
do: you cannot enforce an admiralty law
in a State court. That is all there is to it.
In other words, if the owner of a vessel at
Toledo has purchased five dollars' worth of
groceries out of a store, the grocery-keeper
cannot go and seize the whole vessel and tie
it up, but he can collect his debt, and he can
attach the vessel as to that, or anything upon
it, if an attachment lies in the case, if the cir-
cumstances are such as to justify it. It is only
this extraordinary maritime jurisdiction that
cannot be exercised in the State courts, and
I think it is very well it cannot be. I doubt
whether it ought to be exercised inland in any
court. I do not know why a man who per-
forms work upon a vessel should have any
better means of collecting his debt than one
who performs work upon a carriage; I do
not know why they should not stand alike in
the interior of the country; and the same
remedies obtain in the State courts to enable
a mechanic who has done work upon a vessel
to collect his money as obtain to enable a
mechanic who has done work upon a house or
upon a carriage, upon any other piece of
machinery, to obtain pay for his labor. There
is no distinction in that respect.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator thinks
there are only two bills of this sort reported
here. He is entirely mistaken. The Judi-
ciary Committee has tried to prevent the pas-
sage of these bills to a great extent; but still
there is a bill reported here for establishing
three additional places of holding court in
North Carolina, and a new district at that.
There is a bill reported, which my friend from
Kansas is very anxious to have passed, to
establish a court in Leavenworth, forty or
fifty miles from Topeka. He wants a court
there. Why? All the lawyers are for it.
Let me say to the Senator from Ohio all the
bar at Leavenworth are in favor of having a
United States court there 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Illinois will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and the unfin-
ished business is before the Senate, being the
bill (S. No. 656) to extend the provisions of
the fourth section of the act approved April
20, 1871. The Chair desires to state that the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. West,] in
behalf of the Committee on Appropriations,
gave notice that at this time he would seek to
have the Senate consider the Army appropria-
tion bill. The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make an appeal
to Senators to allow us to vote on this matter.
It is of great importance to our people. It is
a local bill. I hope the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will let us take a vote upon it. I do not
wish to say a word myself.
Mr. SCOTT. If there can be a vote with-
out further discussion I will yield; otherwise
I will not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois said he did not desire to prevent a vote,
and I hope we shall have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania states that he will give way
if a vote can be taken on this bill, but if it is
to be further debated he must claim the floor.
The Senator from Illinois is entitled to the
floor upon it if its consideration is continued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have but a few words
to say. I do not wish to delay this bill by
making a speech against it; but there are one
or two suggestions that I desire to make. I
shall not probably occupy more than five
minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the circumstances
I will not say anything about the bill myself,
but I hope we shall be permitted to have a
vote upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say to the Senator
from Ohio that I shall not occupy more than
five minutes. I will agree to limit myself to
that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield for that time ?
Mr. SCOTT. Retaining the floor, I will
yield for five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania yields for five minutes, and
the Senator from Illinois will continue his
remarks upon the bill to allow a court to be
held at Toledo, Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorfrom Ohio
says that the bar of Toledo are all in favor of
this measure. So the bar at Leavenworth are
in favor of the establishment of a court there;
and I venture to say there is not a county seat
in the United States where you cannot go to
the lawyers residing there and every one of
them will sign a petition to have a United
States court established at their town. My
friend from Texas [Mr. Flanagan] smiles. I
think he can get such a petition from any
county seat in his State. The lawyers are all
willing. That proves nothing. What great
suffering can there be in Toledo that requires
a court to be held there twice a year?
If it were simply for this town of Toledo,
and that was the end of it, I should not say a
word about it.; but I know that this bill is to
be followed by others, and numerous others.
My friend from Indiana, [Mr. Mokton,] who
I see is paying attention to this debate, re-
members that about a year ago, perhaps two
years ago, they wanted some more places of
holding court in Indiana. They had but one
at Indianapolis, and they wanted two places
down on the Ohio river, at New Albany and
Evansville, I think. There could not be any
objection to just holding a court down there
for the convenience of this admiralty busi-
ness on the Ohio. That did not seem a very
great thing. I said then that I was afraid
it would lead to a new district. Oh, no;
at that time they just wanted these courts.
Now my friend from Indiana—I think he has
introduced it; if he did not somebody else
has—has got a bill here for a new district in
Indiana, with another judge, anotherattorney,
another marshal, and all the paraphernalia of
a new district. I knew it would come; and
though the Senator from Ohio thinks it will
not come in Ohio I am under the impression
that there is a bill pending now for another
district in Ohio. I know we had one at the
last Congress, and I think there is a bill
pending now in the other House for that pur-
pose; if it is not pending now it is not far off.
It will come if this bill passes.
Now, I desire to see what the disposition of
the Senate is in regard to the establishment of
these different places of holding courts. I have
stated what the inconvenience is. It is about
a hundred miles from Toledo to Cleveland,
where the court now sits. There is railroad
connection and water communication between
those cities. You can pass from one to the
other in five hours several times a day. To
hold a court at Toledo twice a year would cer-
tainly accomplish no great object. It cannot
be very inconvenient for the lawyers there to
go over twice a year to Cleveland and transact
such business as that.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator a question with his permission. How
long is it since they have had two districts in
the State of Illinois?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had two dis-
tricts in the State of Illinois for, I think,
nearly twenty years. They were established
before I came to the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN and others. No, no; let
us vote.
Mr. KELLOGG. I simply desire to make an
inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN. The five minutes have
expired, and I hope we shall be allowed to
have a vote.
Mr. KELLOGG. I only desire to inquire
what 
Mr. SCOTT. I must insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania demands the regular order,
and Senate bill No. 656 is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Lou-
isiana gives way, and I hope we shall be
allowed to have a vote.
Mr. SCOTT. Unless the vote can be taken
at once, I shall resume the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to offer an
amendment to this bill. ["No!" "Nol"J
Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky insists "upon offering an amend-
ment, and the Senator from Pennsylvania re-
sumes the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. If Senators object to
the amendment when read, I will withdraw it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want any amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am not going to.
eak upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to economize time,
an;} for that purpose I claim the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to occupy
the time of the Senate, but only to say that I
shall vote against the passage of this bill for
the reason that it contains a provision which I
think is not to be found in any other bill ever
passed by Congress establishing regular terms
of a court, and that is, it leaves it entirely to
the discretion of the judge when and how he
shall hold his terms ; the law does not fix any
day, which I think is a very unwise and danger-
ous method of legislation. I know it prevails
in some of the States, but the United States
