836
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
otherwise appropriated: Provided. That the
amount hereby appropriated shall not exceed
the sum of eight thousand dollars.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXXIV.—An Act granting a
Pension to Julia Belle Dunlap,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Julia Belle Dunlap,
only minor child of James E. Dunlap, late
lieutenant colonel of the twenty-ninth regi-
ment of Illinois volunteers, and pay her at the
rate of thirty dollars per month from and after
the passage of this act.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXXV.— An Act for the Relief
of the Owners of the Bark A One.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretaiy of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, required to pay,
from any moneys in the Treasury not, other-
wise appropriated, to the owners of the bark
A one, lost on the Indian ocean in the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, the sum of
seven thousand eight hundred and eight dol-
lars and fifty-two cents, in full compensation
for all losses sustained by them, the officers
and crew of said vessel, in consequence of the
seizure made of said bark in December, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three, and the imprison-
ment of the officers and crew in Fort Mifflin
by order of General Cadwalader, and her sub-
sequent seizure in January, eighteen hundred
and sixty four, by the marshal of the easiern
district of Pennsylvania, and for the detention
of said vessel from her voyage for the period
of fifty-two days, and the loss of the ship-
stores, and in full compensation of all other
losses resulting from such seizure and deten-
tion.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXXVI.—An Act for the Relief
of Rut'us M. Pickel.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to credit Kufus M. Pickel, late internal reve-
nue stamp agent at Mount Pleasant, Iowa,
wiih five hundred and seventy-two dollars and
fifty cents in his account, being the value of
revenue stamps mailed to him m the ordinary
course of business and never received by said
Pickel, on being satisfied that said stamps
were irrecoverably lost without fault on his
part.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXXVII.—An Act granting a
Pension to Catherine Crowell.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roil, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Catherine Crowell,
widow of William Crowell, private in company
G, eighreenth regiment Kentucky volunteers,
and to pay her a private's pension irom the pas-
sage of this act.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCOLXXXVIII.—An Act granting a
Pension to Abigal Ryan, widow of Thomas
A. Ryan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Abigal Ryan, whose
name is now upon the pension-roll, and to pay
her a pension of two dollars per month from
the passage of this act for her minor child
under sixteen years of age.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCLXXXIX.—An Act granting a
Pension to Calvin A. Laws.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Umted States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he Is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the nameof Calvin A. Laws, late captain
company K, one hundred and thirty-second
regirneut Illinois volunteers, and to pay him a
captain's pension from the passage of this
act.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXC.—An Act granting a Pension
to John B. Rose, of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'I hat the Secretary ot the
Interior be, and lie is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of John B. Rosp, of Indiana,
a lieutenant in the fifteenth regiment of United
States infantry, in the war of eighteen hundred
and twelve with Great Britain.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXCI.—An Act to grant additional
Compensation to the Marshal of the District
of South Carolina.
Be it enacledby the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the third
section of the act of Congress entitled "'An
act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit
and district «ourts of the United States, and
lor other purposes," as limits the personal
compensation of marshal over and above the
necessary expenses of his office, and necessary
clerk hire included, to a maximum sum per
annum, be, and the same is hereby, suspended
and made inoperative so far as the compensa-
tion of the marshal of the district of South
Carolina, and his deputies, for the period from
September twenty-one, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, to May first, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, is limited and established
thereby ; and the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury are hereby authorized to allow
to the said marshal and his deputies, lor the
said period, the gross amount of fees and
costs taxable by law, notwithstanding such
allowance would make the whole compensation
received more than such maximum.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXC1I.—An Act for Cancellation of
Bonds for Manufactured Tobacco lost on
steamer Geo. P. Upton, between the cities
of Richmond and New York.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized, on
the production of* proof satisfactory to him of
the loss at sea of any manufactured tobacco
on board the steamer George P Upton, by
accidental fire, without fraud, collusion, or
negligence on the part of the owners of said
manufactured tobacco, while the same was in
custody of the United States in transitu to
bonded warehouses in New York city, to cancel
such bonds as may have been given to secure
the payment of the tax thereon to the Govern-
ment: Provided, That if any portion of the
taxes covered by any of said bonds shall be
protected by insurance, the amount of said
insurance shall be paid to the proper officers
of the United States before the bonds of tne
persons entitled to the benefit of such insurance
shall be cancelled.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXCIII.—An Act for the Relief of
the sureties of James T. Miller, late Col-
lector and Depositary at Wilmington, North
Carolina.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sureties of James
T. Miller, late of Wilmington, North Carolina,
upon his bonds as collector and public depos-
itary at Wilmington, are hereby released and
discharged from all liability on said bonds to
the United States.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXCTV.—An Act for the Relief of
the Omaha National Bank.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentaiives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, au'horized and
directed to pay out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to the Omaha
National Bank, the sum nf one thousand five
hundied andihree dollars and ninety six cents,
in lieu of draft numbered one hundred and
eighty, on the United States depository at
Chicago, Illinois, dated September fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, payable to
the order of J. V. Bogert., and signed by H.
C. Ransom, colonel and quartermaster United
States Army: Provided, That before the pay-
ment hereinbefore authorized, the said Omaha
National Bank shall execute a bond of indem-
nity to the United States with sufficient sine-
ties agamst the claim of the payee in said diaft.
Approved, June 8, 1872.
Chap. CCCXCV.—An Act for the Relief of
D. C. Farrell, of Peoria, Illinois.
Whereas it is alleged that the distillery,
together with distillery bonded warehou-e,
numbered six, of D. C. Farrell, in the fifth
collection district of Illinois, were destroyed
by fire on the twenty-seventh day of July,
eighteen hundred and seventy, without any
neglec1, fault, fraud, or evil practice on the
part of said Farrell, his agents, or employees,
and that, in said warehouse and by s-ud fire,
were destroyed, before the same had been man-
ufactured, two thousand barrels of high wines,
or distilled spirits, and upon which the tax
per gallon had not been paid: Now, there-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue be, and he is hereby,
authorized to inquire into and determine the
amount of high wines or distilled spirits con-
tained in the said warehouse of D. C. Farrell
on the Said twenty-seventh day of July, eight-
een hundred and seventy, and which were
destroyed on said day by said fire, and that
