888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
past of a large number of newspaper pub-
lishers to have their newspapers printed in
part in a central office, and afterward filled up
at the local'o.ffice for distribution to subscribers,
aind that according to the ruling of the Post
Office Department such matter is now excluded
from the mails. They desire that the laws aud
regulations on that subject be so modified as
to enable them to transmit this matter through
the mails. I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 present a petition iden-
tical with those presented by many Senators this
morning, from Providence, Rhode Island, pray-
ing for certain reforms in the appointment of
officers; salaries, perquisites and moieties; and
the seizures of private books and papers; signed
by Congden, Carpenter & Co., B. B. and R.
Knight & Co., and two hundred and twenty-
fiye others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Be.fore this
is received I desire to ask a question, as I see
this is another series of yellow-covered litera-
ture. [Laughter.] I desire to ask the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island whether he knows any-
thing as to the manner in which these petitions
are gotten op? While I am in favor of remedy-
ing the abuses which they point out, I desire to
have him state if he knows anything about the
manner in which these petitions are gotten up.
Mr. ANTHONY. All I know about it is
that [ happened to be in an office when I was
last home in Providence, and a young man
came around with a petition like this and said
he was employed and got so much a hundred
for getting signatures. [Laughter.] I sup-
pose it is the same petition. I presume this
is the way petitions of this kind are always
got up.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Mrs. Charity Vance, widow of William Vance,
a soldier in the Revolution, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered by her husband dur-
ing the revolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of Sarah M.
Dove, asking for an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRAG1N presented a petition of certain
sailors and marines who have served in the
war against the rebellion, praying the pas
sage of ft bill placing them on an equality
■with others who received bounty; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
S. Lathrop, widow of Captain Solon Lathrop,
asking for an increase of"pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPENCER. I present a petition of
business men of Mobile, Alabama, praying
a modilication of the laws relating to appoint-
ments to office, &c. This petition is similar
to those presented by others this morning on
the same subject. It is signed by nearly all,
if not all, the leading business men of the
city of Mobile. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. Ipresent the petition of Made-
leine Vinton Dahlgren, widow of the late Rear
Admiral Dahlgren, submitting a claim forcom-
pensation for the adoption and use by the Uni-
ted States Navy of certain inventions of the late
rear admiral, relating to ordnance. This peti-
tion states at some length the number of inven-
tions of Rear Admiral Dahlgren that have been
thus in use, and the service that has been
rendered to the country by their use; the fact
that the petitioner holds patent-rights for some
of them, secured to her husband, which have
still some time to run ; and that our Govern-
ment has upon various occasions extended the
use of these ordnance inventions to foreign
countries to the entire detriment of the, rights
of the patentee and his heirs. As I desire the
attention of the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee to this petition, I ask leave to read the
purpose with which it is presented, and the
prayer of the petitioner:
" One object your petitioner has inview, in pre-
senting to your honorable bodies a claim looking to
some just compensation in money, as an eciuiva'ent
for the patent rights she holds, not only as regards
past use, but also a3 regards the future use by this
Government—one main object is the great desire of
your petitioner to meet the earnest wish of the lat6
Bear Admiral Dahlgren, to have a suitable monu-
ment in marble or bronze erected over the remains,
and to commemorate the services, of his gallant son
Ulrio. This monument, which her late husband ever
bore it in his heart to erect, your petitioner now
desires shall serve as a double memorial for father
and son; yet she finds herself utterly without means
to carry this intention properly into effect."
The petition then states that estimates fur-
nished from the Navy Department will show—
" That the United States Navy has now in use an
aggregate weight of metal cast according to the
models of these inventions, which, if estimated ac-
cording to the customary allowance for a royalty or
enhanced price paid to patentees, as in the case of
the Rodman patent for a method of casting, would
presont a olaim of considerably over three hundred
thousand dollars for past use of these inventions."
She does not ask that much, but proposes to
surrender all further claim to these patents in
consideration of compensation for their past
use. I commend this petition to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to which committee
I move that it be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG- presented a memorial of
citizens of Sbreveport, Louisiana, in relation to
the arsenal grounds at that place; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of Rose Pitcbey, of Cumberland county, Ken-
tucky, praying that she be granted a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Micli-
acl Girdner, praying compensation for property
destroyed by the Indians in 1864; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
W. J. Freis, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of the sureties
of William Quillian, postmaster at Milledge-
ville, Georgia, praying relief from the penalty
of their bond; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. -
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives in
Congress from the State of Pennsylvania to
vote for and urge the passage of a bill grant-
ing bounty land to certain persons engaged in
the military and naval service of the United
States from and after the 4th day ofMarch, A. D.
1861, introduced into the United States House
of Representatives by Hon. L. D. Shoemaker,
of Pennsylvania; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a petition of William H.
Green and others, citizens of Pennsylvania,
late soldiers of the United States Army, pray-
ing that a bounty of $8 33$ a month be granted
to all honorably discharged soldiers and sail-
ors for the entire term served, and that the
twenty-fifth section of the act approved July
15, 1870, be so amended as to permit soldiers
or sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation; wnich was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of M. F. White
and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, late sol-
diers of the United States Army, praying that
a bounty of $8 33$ per month be granted to
all honorably discharged soldiers aud sailors
for the entire term served, and that an amend-
ment be made to the twenty-fifth section of
the act approved July 16, 1870, so as to per-
mit soldiers or sailors to enter the amount of
land therein allowed without the requirements
of settlement and cultivation; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of John
Butler Chapman, praying remuneration for
services rendered and money expended in the
Indian service in the years 1861 and 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
information respecting the nature and extent
of the raft in the Red river, above Shreveport,
Louisiana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, Thatthe petition of Anne E.Boyle,pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, bo recommitted to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CALDWELL. I submit the following
order:
Ordered, That Charles Ash burn, Joseph F. King,
Joseph Grant, Samuel Barkan, James Clarke, Jesse
Sutton, Ottawa Sutton, Joseph SJundell, S. W. Hil-
dreth, George Amly, James Connelt<and Gideon F.
Hodson, have leave to withdraw their petitions and
papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Kansas what those papers are;
what they ask for. Are they claims for money,
or merely claims for pensions or bounty?
Mr. CALDWELL. I will state to the Sen-
ator that I do not know. I present that paper
at the request of Judge Lowe, the Represent-
ative from Kansas who has the papers in
charge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
to allow it to lie over until to morrow, and
look into it. If they are claims for money
perhaps the papers ought to be copied.
Mr. CALDWELL. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order pro-
posed will lie over until to-morrow.
order of business,
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to make a request of
the Senate at this time. I have been here
several days when really it is not very well
for me to be here on account of the state of
my health, and have desisted from asking the
Senate to act on a matter that was before us
some time ago; but I think it is time it was
disposed of. I refer to the motion to recon-
sider the bill that was passed by the Senate
in reference to the relief of sufferers by fire in
Chicago. If the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] is willing, without any consulta-
tion on my part with any person in the Senate
as to what the vote may be, I am perfectly
ready to let the Senate take it up and vote
without one word of discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish reports.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to interfere
with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks unanimous consent that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
Chicago relief bill, stating that he will give
way to morning business if it is taken up. Is.
there objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to its
being taken up the moment we get through
with reports of committees. It ought to be
disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now call for reports of committees.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of William
Nixon, of West Virginia, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 608) to
correct an error in the act approved February
