1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
supreme power makes the law, be it right or
wrong; otherwise it is not the supreme power.
Congress, in the exercise of its sovereignty,
proceeded a step farther and declared that this
captured property should be sold and that the
proceeds thereof should be paid into the Treas-
ury, and that any person who possessed two
qualifications should have the right by petition
to receive his proper portion of the proceeds,
One qualification was, that he must prove that
he was the owner; and the other was that he
should prove that he had never given aid or
comfort to the rebellion. And let me say, if
the claimant was an inhabitant of that part of
the country that was in rebellion, this whole
procedure was a pure act of grace and favor
lo the claimant, whether he was loyal or dis-
loyal, because as soon as this war acquired the
dimensions of a public war t.he rights of belli-
gerents intervened, the United States had a
perfect right to capture and appropriate the
property of belligerents, and that without any
accounting therefor. And this is true even
against loyal citizens within the enemies' lines.
That the property of private citizens may be
taken by a belligerent and become the prop-
erty of the captor, notwithstanding the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court, is laid down by
Grotius (Book iii, c. iv, sec. ii, 1, 4, 5) and
Justinian's Institutes, (Lib. ii, tit. 1, sec. 17,)
to which I can refer the Senator if he wishes.
I know that the modern usage favors the ex-
emption of private property from the effects
of war; but if it shall be so exempt rests en-
tirely in the breast of the belligerent, and in
this case the belligerent has by solemn statute
declared that they did not intend to exempt
the property of the private subject. Therefore
the property was converted and became ours,
and in our sovereign pleasure we could give
to or withhold from whoever we pleased the
right to petition for it and to receive portions
of the proceeds of the captured property.
Then in the history of those times comes in
a number of pardons. There was one pardon
in March, 1864, on condition of taking the
oath of fidelity to the Union ; in March, 1865,
there was an amnesty and pardon, with some
fourteen excepted classes, and requiring an
oath; in September, 1867, another amnesty
and pardon, with three or four excepted
classes : and on the 4th of July, 1868, a par-
don-ana amnesty with some exceptions; and
on the 25th of December, 1868, full, amnesty
and pardon, without any restriction and with-
out auy oath being required.
1 am not going to dispute with the Senator
from Delaware as to the proper legal effect of
a pardon. On that point I adopt the language
ot the Supreme Court in this case, and tor the
purposes of this argument admit, and 1 do
not know but that it must be admitted abso-
lutely, and not merely for the argument, that
we cannot limit the effect of a pardon, and
that we cannot exclude from its operation
any class of offenders. The power to pardon
is given by the Constitution, and we must re-
spect it. And I do not know that 1 would
differ much with the Senator from Delaware
as to the taste and perhaps as to the legality
of certain portions of what is called the Drake
amendment. Certain portions of that amend-
ment, I think, go lar to limit the effect ot a
pardon. It declares that no pardon shall be
admissible in evidence to support a claim
against the United States in the court.
If the President has the constitutional right
to grant a pardon, as he has, the person who
has accepted it has the right to use it as evi-
dence in any court. The amendment further
provides that if the pardon is in evidence it
shall not be considered by the court. Con-
gress has the right to say what the supreme
judicial tribunal of the nation shall Or shall
not consider. But it is very strange that while
this amendment was justly subject to that
criticism made upon it, the Supreme Court
entirely disregarded the other part of it, which
declares that one of the qualifications to en-
title a claimant to recover a portion of the
proceeds of captured property shall be loyalty
to the United States, which is a mere reaffirm-
ation or reenactment of the statute of 1863
before referred to.
We cannot interfere with the effect of a par-
don ; it must have its full force. But when a
statute of the United States declares that no
one shall be entitled to present his claim or
to receive the proceeds of this property who
has given aid or comfort to the rebellion, a
pardon does not touch such enactment. There
is no connection or relation between the two
things. The provision that he must be one
who has not given aid or comfort to the rebel-
lion is descriptio pensonos. That is one qual-
ity a man must have in order to come into
court. Tell me, does a pardon change that
fact? Does a pardon to one who has given
aid and comfort to the rebellion render it true
that he has not so done? Byno means. Then
the pardon does not affect the important juris-
dictional fact in question.
Mr. CONKLING-. The court, says it does.
The court says if he has received a pardon
he never did have anything to do with the
rebellion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will refer
presently to what the court said. I think they
somewhat qualified the positions ascribed to
them. We all seek to avoid any unnecessary
controversy between coordinate branches of
the Government.
The words of the statute are a mere descrip-
tion of the person, and if the pardon has the
effect of changing or of repealing those words,
then the pardoning power is higher and more
supreme m matters of legislation than is Con-
gress. So to claim is absurd. If any of our
legislatures declared that one who had been
convicted of perjury should not be admitted as
a witness, a pardon would not render him a
competent witness.
Mr. BAYARD. It lias been decided, if the
Senator will pardon me 
Mr. FRELINGHOYSEN. I will read you
the decisions presently. A pardon would not
restore one to competency who had been con-
victed under a statute that declared that one
convicted of perjury should be incompetent to
testify.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator will par-
don me-—
Certainly I will
if it does not have any bad effect on the Sen-
ator. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. I have known such cases
to arise in the courts in regard to witnesses,
and 1 have known cases at the polls in regard
to the right of suffrage, and the pardon does
wipe it out completely, and leaves the man the
same as if the act had not been committed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Now we will
see what the authority is. I read from Green-
leaf on Evidence, section three hundred and
seventy-eight:
" The rule that a pardon restores the competency
and completeljyehabilitates the party"—
Which is the doctrine insisted upon—•
" is limited to eases where the disability is a conse-
quence of the judgment, according to the principles
of the common law. But where the disability is
annexed to the conviction of a crime by the express
words of a statute, it is generally agreed that the
pardon wilt not, in such a ease, restore the compe-
tency of the offender; the prerogative of the sover-
eign being controlled by the authority of the express
lav?. Thus, if a man be adjudged guilty on an
indictment for perjury, at common law, a pardon
will restore his competency. But if the indictment
be founded on the statute of 5 Elizabeth, chapter
nine, which declares that no person convicted and
attainted of perjury or subornation of perjury shall
be from thenceforth received as a witness in any
court of record, he will not be rendered competent
by a pardon."
There is much similarity between the case
cited and the case here. We declare by stat-
ute that a person who gave aid or comfort to
the rebellion shall not have a standing in
court. Will a pardon override the express
legislation of the statute?
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me
to present a counter authority on this subject
of pardon?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I read from the opinion
of the court in the case of ex parte Garland,
(4 Wallace, page 380.) Speaking of the power
of pardon vested by the Constitution in the
President, the court say:
"The power thus conferred is unlimited with the
exception stated"—
Which is the exception of oases of impeach-
ment—
" It extends to every offense known to the law,
and may be exercised at any timo after its commis-
sion. either before legal proceedings are taken, or
during their pendency, or after conviction and
judgment. This power of the President is not sub-
ject to legislative control. Congress can neither
limit the effect of his pardon, nor exclude from ite
exercise any class of offenders. The benign prerog-
ative of mercy reposed in him cannot be fettered by
any legislative restrictions.
Such being (he case, the inquiry arises as to the
effect and operation of a pardon, and on this point
all the authorities concur. A pardon reaches both
the punishment prescribed for the offense and the
guilt of the offender; and whon the pardon is full, it
releases the punishment and blots out of existence
the guilt, so that in the eye of the law the offender
is as innocent as if he bad never committed the
offense. If granted before conviction, it prevents
any of the penalties and disabilities consequent
upon conviction from attaching; if granted after
conviction, it removes the penalties and disabilities,
and restores him to all his civil rights; it makes
him, as it were, a new man, and gives him a new
credit and capacity."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no
doubt that the law is as stated in the authority.
I have already so presented it. It is the doc-
trine that you will find in all the books. It
does not conflict in any way with the position
that I insist on and for which there is equally
abundant authority.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator be kind
enough, if he admits this doctrine, to explain
how a man can be excluded from the right of
suffrage because he has committed an act
which forfeited that right to which he has
been restored by the grant, of pardon ? I wish
the Senator to explain that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the honora-
ble Senator will give me an opportunity I will,
and I do not know that I can do it better than
in the language of the statute, and the lan-
guage of the authority which I have read.
Certainly, the supreme power in a Govern-
ment has the right of declaring who shall and
who shall not be witnesses ; and if they enact
that one who has been convicted shall not be
a witness, a subsequent pardon does not change
the fact that he was convicted ; and you cannot
repeal by a pardon a statute lawfully enacted by
the Legislature declaring who should and who
should not be witnesses.
Mr, BAYARD. That is in direct contradic-
tion with the case of Garland.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not at all in
contradiction ; and if the Senator will look at
the authorities he will see that there is no con-
tradiction. The general proposition is that a
pardon makes a man, in the language of the
Senator's authority, a new man, buttbe excep-
tion to that general rule is that if the statute
has given a description of a witness and has
said if a man is convicted of perjury he shall
not be admitted to testify, any one can see that
to pardon him cannot make him a witness ;
and there are any number of authorities given
by Greenleaf to sustain this position. All
of the sentence of the convict which is pun-
ishment the pardon removes, but the conse-
quences of his conviction, which are enacted
by express statutes for the protection of society,
it does not remove.
Mr. President, if we should carry out this
doctrine of the Senator we would not require
any amnesty bill. We have declared by the
fourteenth amendment that certain classes of
persons who have engaged in the rebellion shall
not be eligible to office. That is a disability ;
but why cannot Andrew Johnson's pardon re-
move the disability? Why does it not make
them new men? The argument is as good
against the fourteenth amendment as it is
