890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
extension of the American patent, if the foreign pat-
ent expired before the original term of the patent
sought to be,extended."
■ In this case, owing to the destruction of
their machinery by two fires occurring at dif-
ferent times, one in the year 1862 and the
other in the year 1864, the patentees were pre-
vented from receiving any material benefits
from their patent. Their expenditures are
$112,,000; their receipts, $16,000. I think
they have not been remunerated and ought to
have an extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without an
amendment,, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. -
Birxs INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 013) relating to the issue of bonds by the
authority of the District of Columbia, and to
prevent the increase of the debt of the Dis-
trict ; which was read twice by its litle.
Mr. SUMNER. In introducing the bill I
would say that I do not mean to assume any
responsbility for it beyond brioging it before
the Senate. I have no final judgment on the
important question which it presents.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
614), for the allowance of expenses incurved by
marshals of the United States in certain cases;
which was read twicc by its title, referred to
the Committee on' the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
CHICAGO FIRE.
Mr. LOGAN. I now ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the motion to
reconsider the bill (H. E. No. 555) for the
relief of sufferers by tire at Chicago.
The VICE PRESIDENT, fhe Senator
from Illinois renews his request to proceed to
the consideration of the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the Chicago relief bill was
passed. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none, and that motion is now before the
Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LOGAN. My proposition was this—
I do not know whether the Senator desires to
agree toit or not—that we take the vote on
the^motion without debate. If the Senator
desires to debate the proposition further, of
course at the expiration of the morning hour
the bill will have to go over again, as I under-
stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
now maintain its place until one o'clock, and
the Senator is himself entitled to the floor;
but if he yields and the debate continues until
one o'clock, it will then be superseded by the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. LOGAN. If Senators desire to debate
it further we shall not have time to dispose
of it before the expiration of the morning
hour. I do not understand whether they do
or not.
Mr. CARPENTER. I certainly do desire
to submit some remarks on the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire, of course,
to interfere with other business, but if this
matter is to be debated so that it cannot he
concluded this morning, I should like to have
some understanding when we can dispose of
it. If the amnesty bill is voted on to-day I
would ask that the Senate agree to take up
this bill after that is disposed of. Wo have
not time, I know, to dispose of it now before
the expiration of the morning hour if the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin means to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as the
amnesty biJI is concluded, the next, and the
only other remaining spccial order, its the bill
in regard to custom-houses, in Which the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Fexton] appears
to be interested, and he has given notice that
he will insist upon it as the next bill to be
considered. It Will be subject, however, to
the vote of the Senate when called up. The
Senator from Illinois now being entitled to
the floor can move that this bill be made the
special order, to take its rank behind this
other remaining special order.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to have some
definite action on this matter as speedily as
possible. It seems to me a motion to recon-
sider ought to be disposed of at some time.
It ought not to be crowded out all the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree with the Senator
from Illinois that that matter should be dis-
posed of, and I, for one, will vote to take it up
as soon as the amnesty bill is out of our way.
It wiU be no use, however, to take it up in the
morning hour now, and I hope he will give
way to allow the passage of a bill which I
think will not excite debate, and perhaps can
pass during the'morning hour.
Mr. LOGAN. I will give way certainly,
because I do not insist on the consideration
of this motion if gentlemen are to debate it
until the expiration of the morning hour, and
it is then to go over again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
before the Senate, and by a two-thirds vote
can be made a special order, and will then
only bo Tanked by the amnesty bill and the
custom-house bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Illinois merely to give notice, in which
everybody will acquiesce, that as soon as the
amnesty bill is disposed of he will move to
take up this subject. Of course a vote of the
Senate can set aside the bill of the Senator
from New York. I am sure that, we ought to
dispose of this question. It is but just to the
people of Chicago and everybody else that we
should do so.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I give notice that as
soon as the amnesty bill, which is now enti-
tled to precedence before the Senate, is dis-
posed of, I shall ask the Senate to take up and
dispose of the motion to reconsider the pas-
sage of the Chicago bill.
american cask before obnkva commission
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a resolution
before the Committee on Printing to print a
document which we have not possession of.
I therefore offer the following resolution call-
ing for that document:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to transmit to the Senate, if not incom-
patible with the publio interest, the "case of the
United States "prosented to the board of arbitration
at Geneva, under the treaty of Washington.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
THREE PIS it CENT. CERTIFICATES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 588) to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide for the redemption of the three per
cent, temporary loan certificates, and for an
increase of national bank notes," approved
July 12, 1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There aDnears
to be no further morning business, and the
bill can be taken up by a majority vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not
take up the funding bill now in the ten minutes
left of the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a funding bill
at all. It is to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury, on account of a doubt as to a pro-
vision ot law passed a year or two ago, to pay
off three millions per month of the three per
cent, certificates. I supposed myself he had
the genera] authority to pay off' the three per
cent, certificates whenever he thought it was
for the interest of the_public to do it; but
it seems the construction put upon the law
which was passed to increase the bank circu- ,
lation by pointing out a mode in which the
three per cent, certificates may be retired, is
held to restrain his general power to pay them
off whenever he thinks the public interest
demands it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that all there is in
the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. That isallthere is in the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed'to, and the bill (S.
No. 588) was read the sccond time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vide? that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
redeem and cancel an amount of three per cent,
temporary loan certificates, issued under the
acts of March 2, 1867, and July 25, 1868, to an
amount not exceeding $3,000,000 per month,
in addition to the amount which he is author-
ized to redeem and cancel by virtue of the act
to which this is an amendment. He is to give
notice to the holders, by publication or other-
wise, that certain certificates (which shall be
designated by number, date, and amount,) shall
cease to bear interest from and after a day to be
designated in such notice, and that the certifi-
cates so designated shall no longer be avail-
able as any portion of the lawful money reserve
in possession of any national banking associa-
tion; and after the day designated in such
notice no interest shall be paid on such certifi-
cates, and ilu-y shall not thereafter be counted
as a part of the reserve of any banking asso-
ciation.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know some-
thing more about this bill. I ask whether it
is intended to increase the 'amount of bank
circulation? The act of July 12, 1870, I think,
authorizes the issuance of some fifty-four mil-
lions in addition to the $300,000,000 of na-
tional bank circulation then existing. I should
like to know if this authorizes any increase of
that. If there is to be any cancellation of the
indebtedness of the United States, it seems to
me it ought to be some indebtedness that bears
a larger interest than three per cent., the lowest
rate of interest of any of the securities of the
Government.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. The bill on its face shows
distinctly that it has nothing to do with the
question of bank circulation. It so happens
that the law which authorized the increase of
bank circulation directed the Secretary of the
Treasury to retire these three per cent, certifi-
cates as rapidly as the new bank circulation
was_ issued. At that time it was supposed the
additional bank circulation would be taken up
more rapidly than it has been taken up; and
that clause is held to be a restriction of his
right to pay off the three per cent, certificates.
Now, it is the general opinion, perhaps the
universal opinion, that the three per cent, cer-
tificates ought to be paid off as rapidly as pos-
sible; aud this bill simply directs him to do it
at a rate not to exceed three millions a month.
If there is any doubt about the passage of the
bill, it would be as to the limitation of three
millions a month, forat three millions a month
it will take about six months to pay off the
whole of them, and there is a general opinion
that the three per cent, certificates ought to be
paid off, that is, it is to the interest of the pub-
lic at large to pay them off. This bill is only
intended to remove the doubt as to his power
of payiug them off, that doubt growing out of
the law to which this is an amendment.
Mr. COLE. That law, if I remember it
correctly, authorized the canceling of these
certificates as fast as the circulation was takeu
up by the establishmentof new national banks,
and I suppose they have been canceled to an
extent equal to the amount of issue under that
law to new national banks. I understand that
about half the amount of $54,000,000 has been
already taken up by national banks, and I do
not see really any necessity—perhaps the Sen-
ator does—for canceling them any faster than
was authorized by that law.1
