1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8579
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 15th
instant approved and signed the following
acts i
An act (8. No. 671) to authorize the West
Wisconsin Railway Company to keep up and
maintain a bridge for railwaytpurposes across
Lake St. Croix at the city of Hudson in the
State of Wisconsin;
An act (S. No. 607) to establish the pay of
the enlisted men of the Army ;
An act (S. No. 449) authorizing the issue
of clothing to certain euiisted men of company
B, fourteenth infantry;
An act (S. No. 448) to establish a system of
deposits, to prevent desertion, and elevate the
condition of the rank and file of the Army ;
An act (S. No. 347) granting a pension to
Sarah McNana; and
An act (S. No. 354) relating to the reform
school of the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had on this day approved and signed the
act (S. No. 845) to authorize the construction
of certain bridges across the Mississippi river,
and establish the same as post roads.
steamboat law.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up and have a formal vote on a
bill that was considered and finished the other
night. _ It is House bill No. 2116 to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
wholly or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses," approved February 28, 1871.
Mr. STEWART. 1 do not think that ought
to be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think the bill
ought to pass, but I do not want to interpose
objection to the course of the Senate. I was
not here when it was considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will put the question on
its passage.
The bill was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
bridge on arkansas river.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to enter a motion
for the reconsideration of the bill (8. No. 931)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Arkansas river at Little Rock, Arkansas.
I understand a Senator who is absent has some
objections to it, and I wish to give him an
opportunity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
been sent to the House of Representatives.
There will be a message sent asking them
to return it, and on its return the motion to
reconsider will be entered.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to say that I de-
sire to allow four or five days' time for the
gentleman to make his appearance and make
his objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
a formal motion to take it up again.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
988) to provide homes for the Pottawatomie
and absentee Shawnee Indians in the Indian
territory, and on the bill (H. R. No. 1191)
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1072) to fix terms
of United States circuit courts iu the eighth
district.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 677) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to accept the peninsula in Lake
J!®, opposite the harbor of Erie, in the State
or Pennsylvania; and
A bill (S. Itfo. 877} to create an additional
land district in the State of Kansas.
The message also announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 998)
relating to the creation of new land districts
with an amendment; in which ifc requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. E. No. 1158) granting the right
of way through the nublic lands to the Utah
Northern Kailroad Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1626) to confirm certain
entries of lands therein named j and
A bill (EL R. No. 1634) for the relief of
Benjamin W. Reynolds.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the enrolled bill (S. No. 816) to amend an act
entitled u An act to establish a uniform time
for holding elections for electors of President
and Vice President in all the States of the
Union," approved January 23, 1845; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a communication
of this date from the acting Secretary of the
Interior, containinginforraation called for in a
resolution of the Senate of the 23d ultimo,
which was answered, in part, on the 8th instant,
in regard to the late outrage at Whitmore,
Barren Fork, Cherokee nation; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
pottawatomie indians.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted the follow-
ing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.98$) to
provide homes for the Pottawatomie and absonteo
Shawneo Indians in the Indian territory, having
met, after full and free conforonee have recom-
mended, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its first amendment,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment, namely: insert at the end of section one the
following: "Provided, Said Pottawatomie Indians
shall neither acquire nor exercise under the laws of
the United States any rights and privileges in said
Indian territory other than those enjoyed bv the
members of the Indian tribes lawfully residing
therein. And for the protection of the rights of
persons and property among themselves thev may
enforce the laws and usages heretofore enforced
among theui as an Indian tribe, not inconsistent
with the Constitution and laws of the United Statos,
and shall be entitled to equitable representation in
the general territorial council, and subject to the
general laws which it may legally enact.
That the House recede from its second amend-
ment."
1YM. A. BUCKINGHAM.
JAS. HARLAN,
J. W. STJSVHNSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS BOLES,
JOHN A. SMITH,
W. W. VAUGHAN,
Managers on ihe i)art of the House.
extension of kej klux act.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 656) to
extend the provisions of the fourth section of
the act approved April 20, 1871.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that the bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, &c.t That the provisions of the
fourth section of the act approved April 20, 1871,
entitled " An act to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of tbo
United States, and for other purposes," shall con-
tinue in force until the end of the next regular ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this bill pro-
poses to continue in force until the end of the
next regular session of Congress the provis-
ions of the fourth section of the act of April
20, 1871, which I ask the Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
A, whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding seotion of this act shall be organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
tne constituted authorities of such State, and of the
United Statos within suchState, or when the consti-
tuted authorities are m complicity with or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
ana armed combinations; and whenever by reason
ot either or all of th,e causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion ot such offenders and the preservation of tho
public gaiety shall beoomo in such district impracti-
cable, 111 every such caso suoh combinations shall bo
tleemod a rebellion against the Government of tho
United States, and during the continuance of such
rebellion, and within the limits of the district which
shall bo so under the sway thereof, such limits to bo
proscribed by proclamation, it shall bo lawful for tho
President of theUnited States, when in bis judgment
tho public safety shall require it, to suspend the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpw, to the end
that suoh robollion. may be overthrown: Provided,
lhat all the( provisions of the second section of an
act entitled, 'An act relating to habeas corpus, and
regulating judicial proceedings in certain eases,"
approved March 3,1803, which rolateto the discharge
ot prisoners other than prisoners of war, and to tho
Penalty for refusing to obey the order of tho court,
snail be in full force so far as the same are applica-
ble to the provisions of this section: Provided further,
lhat the President shall first have mado proclama-
tion, as now provided by law, commanding such in-
surgents to disperse: And provided also, That the
provisions of this section shall not be in force after
the end of the next regular session of Congress."
^ Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President,1 these pro-
visions and the proposition to extend them
suggest the following inquiries :
First. Are there unlawful combinations or-
ganized and armed in any State or parts of any
State ?
Second. Are they so numerous and powerful
as to be able by violence to either overthrow
or set at defiance Ihe constituted authorities
of the State and of the United States witliiu
such State'/
Third. Are the constituted authorities in
complicity with or do they connive at the
unlawful purposes ofsttch combinations?
Fourth. Is the conviction of offenders or the
preservation of the public safety impracticable
by reason of all or either of these causes ?
Fifth. 1 f the conviction of offenders and the
preservation of the public safely be not at the
present moment impracticable, does the past
give such reason to apprehend such a state of
aifairs as will render them impracticable, and
as will require this power to be lodged in the
President for the protection of the public wel-
lax-e ?
These inquiries open a very wide field of
investigation; but I do not propose to follow
any ol them at great length, nor can I take
them up in their order, as the testimony which
I shall consider will bear upon them all. There
was a time when it might have been advisable
to dwell upon the evidence establishing the
existence of the iiu Klux Klan, the combina-
tion against which principally it is well known
this legislation was directed ; hut that time has
passed. its existence now stands confessed.
In speaking of South Carolina, in the views of
the minority of the committee upon the con-
dition of the late insurrectionary States, they
say this:
" Wo pass, then, tho negro testimony for whatever
it is worth. But while wo do this, we do not deny
that in that poition of South Carolina emninonly
known as the Piedmont region, embracing ihe
counties of iSpartanburg, Laurens, Chester, and
York, a broken and somewhat mountainous region
of country, largely populated by an ignorant, um'd-
ueated, and, when excited by wrong, a lawlerb class
of whito people, there have been within the last
eighteen months or two years numeious instances
of lawless outrage upon the black population by
disguhsed men known by the name of Ku Klux ,* but
that this state of things, to any considerable extent,
grows out of politics, in the ordinary partisan sense
of the term, wo do most emphatically deny."
Passing from the consideration of a single
State to the condition of the States generally,
the minority say:
" While we do notintondto dony that bodied of
disguised men have, in several of the States of the
South, been guilty of the most ilopcruntcrimes, crimcs
which we neither seek to palliate nor excuse, forth©
commission of which tho wrongdoers should, when
ascertained and duly convicted, suffer speedy and
and condign punishment, we deny that these men
