1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2683
Mr. THURMAN. There are many people
who submit to it because they cannot help it,
but who never expect to help it; just exactly
as I submit when the Senate overrules me on
any other question. When they pass an appro-
priation bill to which I am opposed I submit
to it because I cannot help it. That is all there
is in it.
Mr. BLAIR. Why do not the gentlemen
on the other side submit to the decisions of
the Supreme Court?
Mr. THURMAN. The reason they do that
is because they think they can help that by
attacking the court and overturning the court.
We cannot attack this and we cannot overturn
it. But, Mr. President, all that is very foreign
to the question before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Still it is interesting.
Mr. THURMAN. It may be interesting
to others, though it is not interesting for me
to talk, but perhaps nobody will believe me
when I say so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is interesting for us
to hear you on that topic.
Mr. THURMAN. But I want to come back
to the question that is now before the Senate.
Let us see what that question is, for it seems
to me that it is greatly misunderstood, and
that the Supreme Court is attacked without
any reason whatsoever. What was the case that
•went before the Supreme Court? It was the
case in which the Drake amendment, so called,
was drawn into consideration. It involved
the necessity of construing the law in regard
to captured and abandoned property, and also
of construing the Drake amendment. What
did the court decide in respect to those propo-
sitions ? In the first place the court decided
that the captured and abandoned property act
did not mean to divest the ownerspip of the
property that was seized. Is there anybody
who denies that interpretation of that act? Is
there anybody who will say that that act was
not properly coustrued iu that respect? No
man can say it without denying the very terms
of the act, because the act itself provides that
the proceeds when paid into the Treasury may
be recovered by the owner of the property.
I grant you there is a provision that lie must
prove loyalty; but no matter if there was any-
body at all who could recover those proceeds,
that proves that it was not the intention of
.-,XSongress.by that act to divest the owner of his
property. Why, what was it? . J2hai.ia.what.
the court has decided, and nobody can contro-
vert that that interpretation of the captured
and abandoned property act was the proper
construction. Wh&twasit? It was not a provis-
ion in respect to property that was confiscated
to the use of the United States. It was not a
provision in respect to property that was seized
and used by the Army of the United States;
and I was astonished % hear the Senator from
Indiana speak of such property as that in this
connection.. It was not at all the case of
property seized for the support of the armies
of the United States; but it was property that
was captured, not for the use of the Army or
the United States, because by the very terms
of the act it was not to be applied to the use
of the armies, but was to be sold and its pro*
ceeds out into the Treasury; and in respect to
the other property it was property that was
abandoned, that apparently had no owner and
that was seized by the troops of the United
States. Everybody understands what peculiar
kind of property was in contemplation; it was
cotton ; and perhaps of all the property that
was seized as abandoned property, apart trom
the seizure of land as abandoned farms, ninety-
nine hundredths of that property was cotton.
Everybody understands that perfectly well.
Congress did not intend at all by that act to
confiscate that property. Congress could not
confiscate it without the judgment of a court
of law. Even upon the broadest terms ox
confiscation ever advocated by anybody in
Congress, Congress had no right to confiscate
the property without the judgment of a court
of law. But this act provided for no such
judgment, and therefore showed conclusively
that it was not an act of confiscation, but that
it simply seized the property in order that it
might not be used by the enemy; or, because
it was abandoned, converted that property into
money, and put the money into the Treasury
of the United States, where it remained in
trust for the owners of the property upon
making the proper proof of their title to it.
Mr. E2DMUNDS." What kind of owners?
Mr. THURMAN. I have said already—I
need not repeat at every sentence—that, ac-
cording to the act, they must be loyal owners.
But I will come to that presently. That is the
first point. That was the interpretation of
that act, and no man can gainsay its correct-
ness.
What was the second point decided by the
court? It was simply this, and nothing but
this: that it is not within the legislative power
to prescribe a rule of decision for the courts
of the country in regard to what is the true
meaning of the Constitution of the United
States. And what lawyer is there here to deny
the truth of that proposition? If we can pre^
scribe a rule of decisionfor the judiciary of
the country as to what is the true meauing
and effect of the Constitution of the United
States, then we completely annihilate the
judicial power, then the judicial department
of the Government is no longer a separate
and independent department at all, and the
legislative department swallows it up com
pletely. That is what the court said could
not be done. The Drake amendment, in the
opinion of the court, undertook to do that;
it undertook to prescribe a rule of decision
contrary to the Constitution of the United
States; it undertook to say that a pardon
granted by the President, instead of having
the effect which the Constitution says that
pardon should ha.ve,w shall have directly the
contrary effect. That is what the court held,
and the court, therefore, said that it was an
act beyond the scope of our legislative power.
There was no necessity to assail the court
about that decision, and there is no necessity
for those who favor the exclusion of disloyal
men from recovering any part oi that fund to
take any such ground. Has the Supreme
Court said that we may not limit the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims? They have said
.]jo.-ji'i.—flave they said that we may
not submit to it just precisely such claims as
we see fit to submit to it, and none others?
They have said no such thing. They know as
well as we that the Court of Claims is the
court which we have established to hear claims
against the United States, which, but for the
establishment of some tribunal to hear them,
would have to come before Congress. But the
court do say, and they say it correctly, too,
that having clothed that court with the powers
we have conferred upon it—not the powers
originally conferred upon it by the first act,
which made it a mere auditing committee for
the information of Congress—but the powers
which we have conferred upon it to render a
final judgment which is binding on the United
States and payable out of the Treasury of the
United States, just as a judgment recovered
against the United States in a circuit court of
the United States where the party is allowed
to sue the Government, or in the Supreme
Court of the United States, is payable out of
the Treasury, that makes the Court of Claims
one of the inferior courts provided for in the
Constitution which may be established by
Congress. And then they have said that when
you have given to this court a general jurisdic-
tion over claims against the United States of
individuals, which would cover such claims
as these, it is not competent for Congress 10
come in and prescribe a rule of decision to that
court, especially when that rule runs counter
to the Constitution of the United States, as the
Supreme Court of the country understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator what
he means by jurisdiction in that light, when
the act of Congress of 1863, before this cot-
ton question—I am not alluding to the cotton
act—in enlarging the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims, says that the court shall be called
to pronounce upon the claim of a citizen who
makes it? "It shall be stated in the petition
that he has at all times-borne true allegiance
to the Government of the United States, and,
whether a citizen or not, that he has not in
any way voluntarily aided, abetted, or given
encouragement to rebellion against the Gov-
ernment."
That is the act of 1863 as to the Court of
Claims. The allegations are traversable ; but
loyalty must be stated in the petition and
proved. Now, 1 would like to have the Sen-
ator tell me and tell the Senate if he can (and
he can if anybody can) whether that is not a
jurisdictional statement in the statute that the
court may try and determine one kind of claims
and that they shall not try and allow another
kind of claims.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going into that,
large subject of what is the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the very point
you are discussing.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going into that.
What I was attempting to show to the Senate
was that there is no necessity whatever for this
assault upon the judicial department of the
Government. Now, I do not undertake to
say that a bill might not be framed which
would effect the object aimed at by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Mokrill,] who offers
this amendment, and be perfectly constitu-
tional and perfectly free from the criticism of
the Supreme Court iu the decisions they have
pronounced. I am very sure that if such a.
bill were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, that committee would go to work
seriously to consider the subject and to report
to I he Senate what it thought was proper to he
adopted in the premises, if anything was neces-
sary to be adopted. I am sure it could do
so ; but I do object to a question of this deli-
cacy being brought up in this way without any
examination by a committee, stuck upon an
appropriation bill which can carry anything
and everything with it; and in this way we
have this loose debate so far from the real
merits of the question and without any fruit-
ful result in the perfection of useful legisla-
tion. That is what 1 object to.
Mr. President, I have said that we might, pro-
vide what shall be the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims. Undoubtedly we tnay provide for it.
We may limit its jurisdiction. If we see fit
we may say it shall have no jurisdiction except
of claims that arose since the war or that
arose since 1870, or only claims that arose
from acts of a particular class of officers in
the country, or that its jurisdiction shall be
limited to claims arising out of contracts. All
that you may do ; but, while you extend its
jurisdiction as you have extended it, you must
not undertake to prescribe by legislative rule
what the courts of the country shall decide as
to the effect of a presidential pardon.
And now I want to call the attention of the
mover of this amendment to one thing, whether
a presidential pardon goes back and wipes
out all the man's sins, as the English courts
say that it does, and leaves him as though he
had never sinned. Whether that is the case
or not, one thing everybody must admit, that
from the timeof the pardon he becomes anew
man ; from the time of the pardon he stands
on an equal footing with every other man if he
behaves loyally and without violation of the
law after he has received that pardon. Now,
I am told by a Senator who sits on my right—
I do not know how the fact is myself, for I
have not had anything to do with any of these
cotton cases one way or the other—-I am told
that more than two thirds of these claims are
for cotton seized after the owners were par-
doned, and they were persons who after they
