1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4475
resolution be taken up instead of the pending
one. They are the same.
The_ PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
House resolution?
Mr. POOL. I object for the present.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President 
Mr. POOL. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
resolution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Iiesolved, (the Senate concurring,) That tho time
fixed by concurrent resolution for the adjournment
of the two Houses be, and hereby is, extended until
sixo clock p. in,, and that the President of the Sen-
ate and the Speaker of the House be, and are hereby,
authorized and directed to adjourn the two Houses
sine die at that hour.
Mr. FLANAGAN. The importunities of
my friends are such that, always being dis-
posed to be governed by my friends to a very
great extent, I will decline to address the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution ot the
House.
The resolution was concurred in,
EASTERN NEVADA RAILROAD.
Mr. STEWART. Now I ask that the vote
be taken on that Nevada railroad bill, House
bill No. 1842. The Senator from South Car-
olina has withdrawn his objection.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I object. If I cannot
make my speech you shall not have a railroad.
["No!" "No!"] Well, I again yield to
my friends.
Mr. TIPTON. I interpose an objection to
my friend on that bill.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1842) to
grant the right of way to the Eastern Nevada
Railroad Company.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced thai the President had on the 8th,
instant approved and signed the following
acts:
An act (S. No. S95) to perfeet certain land
titles therein described;
An act (S. No. 527) to reimburse United
States marshals for moneys necessarily ex-
pended by them in taking the ninth eensas in
excess of the compensation allowed them
under the law in force before the passage of
this act;
An act. (S. No. 403) for the relief of Rmfus
M. Pickel;
An act (S. No. 377) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late George T. Wiggins,
of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa;
An aet (S. No. 53:8) for the relief of Albert
D. Pierce, postmaster at Sutaiaervdle, Ottawa
connty, Kansas;
An aet (S. No. 562) in relation to settlers
on certain Indian reservations in the State of
vi1>\110clafck *
An aet (S. No. 774) to declare the true in-
tent and meaning of section two of an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
spproved March 2, 1807; _
An aet (S. No. 984) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Denver
and Rio Granite Railway Company;
An act (S. No. 471) to amend an act enti-
tled "'An act supplementary to an aet to pro-
vide for ftmik-hnig artificial limbs to disabled
soldiers,-' approved June 80, 1870 ;
Au act (S. No. 142) to relieve diaries J.
Faulkner, of Wcsb Virginia, from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States;
An act (S. No. 699) fixing the salaries of
the United States attorney and United States
marshal for the district of Nebraska ;
An act (S. No. 196) for the relief of the bark
A 1;
An act (S. No. 899) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States
An act (S. No. 1073) increasing the rates
of pension to certain persons therein described;
An act (S. No. 858) granting a pension to
John B. Rose, of Indiana;
An act (S. No. 218) to create an additional
land district in Florida;
An act (S. No. 645) for the relief of Thomas
B. Stewart and Alexander McConn, of West
Virginia;
An aet (S. No. 480) concerning the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
district of Kansas ;
An act (S. No. 780) to provide for the re-
demption and sale of lands held by the United
States under the several acts levying direct
taxes;
An act (S. No. 1002) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Pensaeola
and Louisville Railroad Company of Alabama;
An act (S. No. 1060) for the relief of Sarah
S. Stafford ;
An act (S. No. 599) granting a pension to
Julia Belle Danlap ;
An act (S. No. 1099) to grant an American
register to the British brig Balear;
An act (S. No. 1113) granting a pension to
Calvia A. Laws ;
An aot (S. No. 1119) granting a pension to
Margaret Nelson ;
An aet (S. No. 1143) for the relief of James
D. Willoughby, of Vineland, New Jersey;
An aet (S. No. 1149) granting a pension to
Catherine Crowell;
An aet (S. No. 1150) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan s
An act (S. No. 1151) for the relief of Calista
E. Cox;
An act (S. No. 1153) to amend aa act re-
lating to soldiers' and sailors' homesteads;
An act (S. No. 1182) lor the completion and
publication of the Medieal and Surgical His-
tory of the Rebellion;
An act (S. No. 451) for the relief of Jeffer-
son W. Davis;
An act (S. No. 230) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased;
and
An act (S. No. 546) relative to homestead
settlers burned out in the States of Minne-
sota, Wisconsin, and Michigan.
The message also announced that the aet (S.
No.97)for the relief of William Henry Otis,
and the act (S. No. 687) for the relief of Charles
and Henry Spencer, were received by the
President, on the 28th ot May, 1872, and not
having been returned within tendays (Sundays
excepted) after presentation, had become
laws under the Constitution.
public bvit/dino at foist huron.
Mr. FERRY, ot Michigan. I move that
the Senate proceed to She- consideration of the
House bill No. 2942. I will state that bili has
passed the House and been leferred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and they have reported it back, and it is on the
Calendar. The cliauinun of the committee
holds a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
Stating its object. I ask that the bill be read,
and that, the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury also be read.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to take up the con-
ference report on the steamboat bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope the
Senator from Missouri wi!l pause for one
moment.
The-PRESIDENT pro- tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan to proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2942) for,the con-
struction of a custom-house, bonded ware-
house, and postoffice at Port Huron, Michigan.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with an amendment
to insert after the word "completed," in liue
ten, the words "upon plans to be previously
made and approved by the Secretary of the
Treasuryso as to read :
That the ijeoretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to purchase, at
private sale or by condemnation, in pursuance of the
statute of the State of Michigan, a suitable lot of
ground in theeity of Port Huron,Stateof Michigan,
and to cause to be erected thereon abuitding suitable
for the accommodation of the custom-house, bonded
warehouse, and other<3overninent offices in that city ;
the lot of land and the building thereon, when com-
pleted, upon plans to be previously made and ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall not
exceed the cost of $200,000: Provided, That no
money to be appropriated for this purpose shall be
available until a valid title to the land shall be
vested in the United States, and until the State of
Michigan shall cede its jurisdiction over the same
and relinquish the right to tax or assess the same
while the United States shall be the possessor
thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 will state
that this bill and one other for Nashville,
Tennessee, were reported, as the last bills
acted on by the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, without recommendation,
but with the statement that if any more bills
should be passed at this session, these two
were, in the opinion of the committee, of the
highest merit. Since that report was made
the Secretary of the Treasury has sent a letter
to the committee which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office oi' the Seceetary, June 7,1872.
Sir: It is now about two years sinco the subjeei of
erecting a custom-house at Port Huron, Michiga n,
was considered by the Department and recom-
mended as one of the places at which work shnuM
be undertaken without much delay. Up to^ thu
time nothing has been done. An officer of the
Department has been at Port Huron recently, and
reports that the business is rapidly increasing, while
the accommodations for its proper performance .no
very meag-er. Upon this report aad or.her fact*
known to me Tffel it to be inyduty to so far depan
from the view heretofore expressed as to advise au
appropriation for the construction of public build-
ings at that place. She estimated cost, as heretofore
given, is $200,000-.
Very respectfully, GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
.Secretary.
Hon. Jtrsris S. Moi:Rn.T., Chairman Committee  i
Piihli<: /Juildingsanci Ground*, United Statei Seiuit .
The plan used for til® custom-house at Des Moines,
law a, wilt be used at Port Huron, aud thus the
architect's office relieved of some labor.
Mr. UOKBILL, of Vermont. I shall vol'.
in favor of this bill, mid I shall vote in favor
of the Nashville bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reportedto the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
W. W. GRIFFIN.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate now
to consider aud pass the bill (H. R. No. 2780)
for the relief of W. W. Griffin. It is a bill I
tried to get passed on Saturday night.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. If is a direction to the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
audit and pay to W. W. Giiffin, of Santa Fe,
New Mexico, the sum of $1,350, for services
rendered as commissioner under the laws ol
the United States.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
STKAMlSOAl Bill".
Mr. BLAIR. I move new that the Seaato
proceed to the consideration of the i-epart of
