892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
because I believe if adopted ft will leave human
rights ifl this country upon a more insecure
basis than they have ever hitherto reposed.
The great security for the life, liberty, and
property is and ever has been local self-gov-
ernment ; and while the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and those who think with him, speak
as earnestly as I do in behalf of local govern-
ment, their acts tend to its overthrow. The
amendment proposed by that Senator and the
amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom Wis-
consin alike, are argued here upon principles
which are fatal to the rights of the people of
the States as citizens of the States, and which
tend directly to consolidate all authority in
this nation into one imperial government.
Now, sir, getting away for a moment from
abstract considerations, and from the generali-
ties with regard to privileges and immunities
and rights which have been indulged in here,
let us go directly to this measure as it is and
see what it is that it proposes. The first two
clauses relate to the enjoyment by citizens of
the United States of the "facilities, accom-
modations, and privileges" furnished by com-
mon carriers and by innkeepers; and the Sen-
atorfrom Massachusetts, in the commencement
of his argument weeks ago, was at pains to
demonstrate that by the common law the de-
nial of these facilities to any citizen of the
United States of any color was a civil injury for
which he already possessed a right to bring his
action for damages, and I add that in every
State of the Union the denial of the facilities
furnished by innkeepers and by common car-
riers to any citizen, no matter what his color,
is a wrong for which that citizen could recover
in the State courts the damages which he had
suffered thereby. So that in reference to com-
mon carriers and innkeepers, the Senator from
Massachusetts by his amendment proposes
only to give a remedy in addition to the rem-
edy already provided by the common law of
the States for a wrong that may be inflicted
upon any citizen of the United States; and
how does he propose to do it?
Why, from the very foundation of the com-
mon jaw this denial of accommodations or
facilities by common carriers or innkeepers
has been regarded simply as a civil injury
that the partjr wronged thereby might pursue
in his action for damages in the courts having
appropriate jurisdiction. But now the Sen-
ator makes it both a civil injury and a misde-
meanor punishable by fine and imprisonment.
Heretofore the civil injury inflicted by a com-
mon carrier or an innkeeper of the kind
specified could be pursued by a citizen of a
State^ against another citizen of the same State
only in the courts of that State; but now it is
to be made a crime cognizable in the Federal
courts, while the individual who has suffered
the wrong may also bring his civil action in
the Federal courts.
The jurisdiction of this class of cases, be-
tween citizens of the same State, is taken
out of the State courts and transferred to the
Federal courts in civil actions, and a new
species of misdemeanor is created to be pros-
ecuted and punished by the Federal courts.
And see, sir, at what a strange conclusion we
arrive,jf the amendment becomes apartof the
law of the land. If I am denied by an inn-
keeper or a common carrier in my State any
facility or advantage such as is described in
the amendment because even of direct malice
against me, it is no misdemeanor on his part,
it is no crime punishable by fine and im-
prisonment ; the Federal courts have no juris-
diction of the wrong inflicted upon me ; I
must go only to the courts of my own State
where the injury has been inflicted, and there
I am to find redress ; but if the denial of the
facility or advantage _ is made on account of
my color, then forthwith the same act becomes
a misdemeanor, for which the party may be
indicted by the grand jury in the Federal
courts, and by the sentence of those courts
subjected to fine and imprisonment, and also,
may be prosecuted by me in the same courts
in a civil action.
Now, sir, it is ofbut little consequence whether
the use of the facilities and advantages offered
by inn-keepers and common carriers are rights,
immunities, and privileges such as are de-
scribed iff the fourteenth amendment or not.
They exist by the common law of all the
States; and the Senator will only depress the
powers and functions of the States and elevate
the power and functions of the Federal Govern-
ment by his amendment. But the other cases
are of a different character. He next would
punish owners of theaters if they refuse to
allow admission into their places of entertain-
ment to any person on account of color. If I
attempt to enter a theater in Connecticut, and
am excluded from any motive personal to my-
self except color, upon the theory of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, I must resort to my
action in the courts of my State ; but if I am
excluded on account of my color I may go to
the Federal courts, and the owner is guilty
of a misdemeanor cognizable in the Federal
jurisdiction.
But, sir, I deny entirely that it is an injury
to a party refused the purchase of a ticket to
a theater, for which he may maintain an action
against the license or manager of that theater.
If the manager sells him a ticket, then all the
privileges purchased by that ticket he has a
right to, and if they are refused he may main-
tain his action against the manager; but the
amendment creates an entirely new class of
civil injuries as well as misdemeanors in
making the manager of the theater liable if
he refuses to sell tickets to such persons as
may choose to demand them. The amend-
ment next provides that trustees, commission-
ers, superintendents, and other officers of the
common schools and other public institutions
oflearning in the several States, shall be for-
bidden to make any discrimination on account
of color, and be punished by fine and impris-
onment or by civil action for damages, at the
option of the person who claims to have been
injured.
While so far as the State which I in part
represent is concerned this is a matter perfect-
ly immaterial, for the children dwelling in that
State, whether white or black, ever since my
remembrance, have been accustomed to attend
the same schools, and I never knew or heard
of a denial of the privilege either by law or
custom, yet at the same time with respect to
our school system we are tenacious; with re-
spect to our rights over that school system we
are tenacious. It has been our pride from our
foundation as a Commonwealth. Our fathers
began by making provision for the education
of every child, and I have often read the re-
cords in the old town record-books ; and even
in those days the fathers made no discrim-
ination of color, but provided for the educa-
tion of every child within the township; and
as generations and centuries have passed away
and we have seen the blessed influences of
our educational system upon ourselves and
upon those who have gone out from us to build
up communities in other portions of the land,
we have grown still more and more tenacious
of that system, and of our power of control
of it as we ourselves may see fit. And we
do not like that Representatives from distant
States should assist us in the control of our
school fund, or in the distribution of the
school moneys provided for the education
of the youth of the State. It is because this
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts exerts Federal authority over the
schools and the school officers of the States
that the provision which the Senator has
placed in it is most objectionable. I am not
certain that the same general rule of expe-
diency extends to all the States of the
United States, but this I am certain of, that
if you give to the Federal Government power
to interfere in the regulation of the schools
of the different States upon one subject, I do
not see how you arc to restrain that power
in reference to other topics relating to educa-
tion; and so we see and hear now continually
more and more of efforts made to bring the
Federal Government into direct control of
the school systems of the States.
The amendment goes on to subject trustees
and officers of church organizations to fines and
imprisonments and to liabilities for damages in
civil actionsunless they shall furnish to allper-
sonswithoutdiscrimination of color, accommo-
dations in their churches alike. I believe that
clause in the amendment to be in violation of
that amendment to the Constitution of the
United States which protects religious liberty
in this country; but I do not care to argue
whether it does or not.. In my judgment, the
Senator from Massachusetts was not aware
when he placed this clause in his amendment
how sensitive a topic he was approaching. In
my judgment, he was not aware how tender
a chord may be touched in the hearts of the
people of this country by any interference by
the Government of the United States with the
church organizations and the churches of the
land. It is not now an offense, nor is it now
a civil injury, for the officers of a church
organization to exclude whom they please
not members of that organization from the
edifice in which the society meets to worship ;
but by the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts we have the strange offense
created by which one who refuses to partici-
pate in his religious exercises with another, is
thereby to be subjected to fine and imprison-
ment by the sentence of the judicial tribunals
of the United States.
Sir, I have no hesitation upon this subject
personally, and I think the people of my State
have not. I will go to the house of worship with
the humblest negro in the land; I will kneel
by his side at the sacramental table; but in
that solemn hour I want the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to stand back with his human laws,
for the laws that bind our communion there,
take bold beyond the vail where there Master
has gone before ; and I think these are feelings
which are deep in the hearts of the people of
this country.
The only pretense for this strange power
which the Senator invokes the Federal Gov-
ernment to exercise, is that the churches of
the land are incorporated organizations, and
that their charters of incorporation are created
by the law? of the States, as if the laws of the
States conferred a favor upon the churches by
giving them leave to be.
Sir, the churches have their being before
and back of any laws of incorporation. The
churches confer upon the States and upon the
United States benefits which no man's imagin-
ation can measure. If you were to withdraw
the support of your laws of incorporation from
the churches with the idea that thereby the
churches would fall, never would disappoint-
ment be more complete than yours. If you
were to suffer your churches to fall, if you
were to suffer the thousands of spires that all
over this land are pointing our people the way
to heaven to topple down, you would strike the
deadliest blow, ay, sir, a fatal blow at self-
governmentand republican liberty, at virtue, at
society itself.
The State gives to the churches power to
incorporate themselves because upon the State
those organizations confer such enormous ben-
efits. The State cannot stand without them ;
for without them anarchy would overwhelm
every State. And now the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to take advantage of the
laws of the States authorizing the incorpora-
tion of ecclesiastical societies to put in there
the finger of human law to regulate the liberty
wherewith Christ hath made His people free.
Sir, the people will not endure if. You may
pass a thousand such amendments as this, but
the people will not endure that you shall inter-
fere with the regulation of the mode and the
associations in which they shall worship God.
