3580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
have any general organization, or any political sig-
nificance, or that their conduct is indorsed by any
respectable number of the white people in any State:
on the contrary, the men and the bands by which
such outrages are perpetrated are almost universally
regarded by the intelligent people of the several
States as the worst enemies of the South, as they
furnish the men now in power at Washington the
only excuse lel't to maintain war upon them, and to
continue thesystemof robbery and oppression which
they have inaugurated—a .system which is destructive
not only of their peace and prosperity, but is in-
tended to blacken and malign their character as men
before the country and the world."
Then follows a mild admission that these
" disguised bands may have been found operat-
ing in one tenth part, or forty out of the four
hundred and twenty counties in the States of
North and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Mississippi, and Florida." Although the exist-
ence of these bands is thus admitted, I desire,
without going into a repetition of the testi-
mony, to sketch briefly how long and in what
States they have existed.
General N. B. Forrest testified that the
Ku Klux were organized in Tennessee in 1866.
To my mind his testimony is satisfactory evi-
dence that, if not the originator of the order,
he was its first chief executive head. If I
had him before a fair jury upon trial for that
offense I could convict him at least of that
upon hisown testimony ; and it would seem the
minority of the committee came to the same
conclusion, qualified only with a "perhaps."
They say on page 449 :
"Perhaps the men who knew more about the
formation of what has come to bo familiarly known
as the Ku Klux organization than any others were
General N. B. Forrest, of Tennessee, and General
Jolin B. Gordon, of Georgia, extracts from whose
testimony we propose to incorporate into this
report, as illustrative of its origin, objects, and
dissolution."
Gordon and Forrest both declined to tell all
they knew. Gordon fixes 1865 or 1866 also
as the date of the organization in Georgia of
which he was asked to become chief. Start-
ing its existence at those dates, 1 can but
refer, without quoting, to the citations in the
report of the majority from pages 17 to 22,
to show its continued spread and operations
through every insurrectionary State from those
dates up to and including the year 1868.
To avoid repetition of description, I quote
from the report of a committee of the Tennes-
see Legislature in 1868, and it may be accepted
as applicable to all communities in which the
order has operated from its inception down
to the time when its action was arrested by
the means taken for its suppression. The
committee say:
" The murders and outrageswhieh have been per-
petrated in many counties of Middle and WestTen-
ncssee. during the past few months, have been so
numerous, and of such an aggravated character, as
almost baffles investigation. In these counties a
reign of terror exists, which is so absolute in its na-
ture that the best of citizens are unable or unwill-
ing to give tree expression to their opinions. The
terror inspired by the secret organization known as
the Ku Klux Klan is so great, that tllo officers of the
law are powerless to execute its provisions, to dis-
charge their duties, or to bring the guilty perpe-
trators of these outrages to the punishment they
deserve. Their stealthy movements are generally
made under cover of night, and under ma&ks and
disguises, which render their identification difficult,
it not impossible. To add to the secrecy which en-
velopes their operations, is thefact that noinform-
ation of their murderous acts can be obtained
without the greatest difficulty and danger, in the
localities where they are committed. No one dares
to inform upon them, or take any measures to bring
them to punishment; because no one can tell but
that he may be the next victim of their hostility or
animosity. The members of this organization, with
their friends, aiders, and abettors, take especial
pains to conceal all their operations. The moving
principle by which they are actuated would appear
to be hostility to the State and national authori-
ties; and in the minds of these men, to have voted
for *Brownlow,'or the 'Republican ticket/ or to be
a 'Radical,'is the greatest of crimes. Your commit-
tee believe that during the past six months, the
murders, to say nothing of other outrages, would
average one a day, or one for every twenty-four
hours; that in the great majority of these cases
they have been perpetrated by the Ku Klux above
referred to ; and few, if any, have been brought to
punishment. A number of the counties of this
State areentirely at the mercy ot this organization,
and roving bands of nightly marauders bid defiance
to the civil authorities, and threaten to drive out
every man, white or black, who does not submit to
their arbitrary diotation."
The citations referred to show that in Texas,
Kentucky, Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Ark-
ansas, and Louisiana, up to 1868, scenes sim-
ilar to those described in Tennessee were
enacted. In some of these States they were
of more limited extent than in Tennessee. In
Louisiana they were far worse, the testimony
taken in 1869 showing that over two thousand
persons were killed, wounded, and otherwise
injured in that State within a few weeks prior
to the presidential election, and that half the
State was overrun by violence.
General Forrest alleges that he disbanded
the order in Tennessee in 1868. How unreli-
able his dates are will be ascertained by an
examination of his testimony and the corre-
spondence referred to in it. He was at first of
the impression that it was early in 1868 he had
disbanded it, but he is finally brought to the
recollection that it was after his return from the
Democratic national convention, in 1868, that
he was interviewed at Memphis ; that the inter-
view was published in the Cincinnati papers ;
that he wrote a letter on the 3d of September,
1868, correcting the correspondent in what he
considered erroneous in his statement. These
facts brought him to the conclusion that it must
have been in the latter part of 1868 that it was
disbanded ; but the bloody history since 1868
shows it was not disbanded. His own testi-
mony shows it had extended into Alabama,
Mississippi, and North Carolina in that year.
General Gordon's testimony shows that it was
in Georgia.
The testimony taken by the joint committee
clearly establishes that the same organization,
pursuing the same purposes and seeking to
accomplish them by the same means, has ex-
isted, and been active since 1868, in the States
of North and South Carolina, Georgia, Flor-
ida, Alabama, and Mississippi. There can be
no reasonable doubt of its existence still in
Tennessee aud in most of the other States
where it is for the present quiet but ready to
act whenever it may be deemed necessary or
prudent to do so. Its recent character is bet-
ter fixed, however, by the evidence furnished
from the organization itself, evidence which
stamps it as one of the foulest blots upon the
civilization of this century. At the trials in
Columbia, South Carolina, the constitution of
the Ku Klux in that State was given in evi-
dence, having been found in possession of one
Samuel Brown, esq., a man of wealth and
standing in York county, who was chief of a
Klan, and is now expiating his offense in the
Albany penitentiary, sentenced upon his own
confession. The same constitution governed
the order in North Carolina, as is shown by
the testimony of David Schenck, esq., a lead-
ing lawyer of Lincolnton, in that State, who
became a member of the order in 1868, and
says that in doing so he considered that he
was swearing to support the platform of the
convention that nominated Seymour and Blair
in New York. It is printed in the North Car-
olina testimony as an appendix to his evidence,
page 414, and can there be consulted. With-
out quoting at large from it, several points will
be ooserved in that constitution and in the
by-laws.
E'irst, article three, section one, provides
that among the duties of the secretary is the
following: "to notify other Klans when their
assistance is needed," "give no^ce when any
member has to suffer the penalty for violating
his oath." What that penalty is, article six,
section one, shows: "any member who shall
betray or divulge any of the matters of the
order shall suffer death." That the inter-
course of the Klans with each other is kept up
through the organization is shown by article
two, section two, of the by-laws: "a brother
of the Klan wishing to become a member of
this order shall present his application with
the proper papers of transfer from the order
of which he was a member formerly, shall be
admitted to the order only by unanimous vote
of the members present." That this inter-
course extends through State and national
organizations is apparent from article six,
section six, of the by-laws: "the person,
through the Cyclops of the order of which he
is a member, can make application for pardon
to the Great Grand Cyclops, of Nashville,
Tennessee; in which case execution of the
sentence can be stayed until pardoning power
is heard from."
Among the duties of the Cyclops, the chief
officer, he is required " to inspect the arms
and dress of each member on special occa-
sions." (Article three, section one, of the con-
stitution.) And article five, section one, of the
by-laws provides: "each member shall pro-
vide himself with a pistol, Ku Klux gown,
and signal instruments." The by-laws show
the political character when taken in connec-
tion with the oath. Section three of article
on© of the by-laws: "the C [Cyclops] shall
have power to appoint such members of the
order to attend to the sick, the needy, and
those distressed, and those suffering from
Radical misrule as the case may require."
The oath administered was as follows:
" Obligation.
"I, [name,] before the immaculate Judge of
heaven and earth, and upon the holy Evangelists of
Almighty ttod, do, of my own free will and accord,
subscribe to the following sacredly binding obliga-
tion :
"1. We are on the side of justice, humanity, and
constitutional liberty, as bequeathed to us in its
purity by our forefathers.
"2. We oppose and reject the principles of the
Radical party.
"3. Wo pledge mutual aid to each other in sick-
ness, distress, and pecuniary embarrassment.
"4. Female friends, widows, and their households
shall ever be special objects of our regard and pro-
tection.
"Any member divulging, or causing to be di-
vulged, any of the foregoing obligations shall meet
the fearful penalty and traitor's doom, which is
death, death, death."
Organized under such a constitution and
bound by such an oath the proceedings of its
members in the northern counties of South
Carolina after the election of 1870 and until
the spring and summer of 1871, as well as in
the southern portion of North Carolina, were
of the most lawless and desperate character.
1 do not propose to attempt a recital of them.
They embrace indignity, outrage, and murder.
They were inflicted principally upon the ne-
groes, but in many instances also upon white
men, and of the highest respectability^ Igive
several instances as showing the character
of all.
Elias Hill, formerly of York county, South
Carolina, is a remarkable character. He is
crippled in both legs and arms, which are
shriveled by rheumatism; he cannot walk,
cannot help himself, has to be fed and cared
for personally by others. He was in early
life a slave whose freedom was purchased, his
father buying his mother and getting Elias
along with her as a burden of which his mas-
ter was glad to be rid. Stricken at seven years
old with disease, he never was afterward able
to walk, and he presents the appearance of a
dwarf, with the limbs of a child, the body
of a man, and a finely developed intellectual
head. He learned his letters and to read by
calling the school children into the cabin as
they passed, and also learned to write. He
became a Baptist preacher, and after the war
" in teaching colored children and con-
ducting the business correspondence of many
of his colored neighbors. He is a man of
blameless character, of unusual intelligence,
and is so well educated that he speaks very
good English.
That man was brought before the committee
and the narration of his testimony was a scene
which would have been worthy of the painter's
pencil, and which will never be forgotten by
any man who witnessed it. Carried into the
room set up in a chair, for the purpose of giv-
ing his testimony, he went on to tell us how,
on the 6th of May, 1871, but a few weeks be-
fore this committee visited that place, after the
