1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
But, sir, the Senator is not content with
this. Through all the business ramifications
of society he follows the citizen, taking away
from him the shelter of State law, and impos-
ing upon him penalties of new crimes and
misdemeanors created by Federal law. He
enters the sanctuary of God with unholy hand,
and he follows the citizen to the grave and
says that he shall not lie there side by side
only with those whom he shall choose to be
bis companions in his last resting-place. And
what for? What is the need of all this? I do
not care to talk about constitutional questions,
particularly upon this part of the amendment.
Who has been harmed throughout this broad
land by the denial to a citizen of a place of
sepulture in a public cemetery ? I listened
carefully to the speech of the Senator from
Massachusetts and to bis array of evidence,
and I do not remember that anywhere any
. wrong had been committed in reference to the
administration of ecclesiastical organizations,
except that he said somewhere a colored sol-
dier had been refused the sacrament. Sup-
pose he had ; suppose it was a wrong ; that fie
was fitted to communicate, are we, the Con-
gress of the United Slates, to dictate to the
churches whom they shall receive to the com-
munion of the body and blood of the blessed
Lord? God forbid it, sir. And yet the only
evil inflicted by an ecclesiastical organization
which the Senator recited in his long array of
wrongs, as he termed them, was that.
With regard to cemetery associations I rec-
ollect nothing except that he read a letter from
someone who stated that in Rhode Island, while
the funeral service over the remains of a col-
ored woman was being performed in the church
her body was left in the vestibule. I have
seen that done with white persons, and never
deemed it was because of their color. This is
the grievance upon this branch of the amend-
ment which the Senator from Mississippi in-
vokes the Federal power to restrain! Sir, it
is an absurdity.
Wherever there is a wrong enumerated in
this amendment the law of every State pro-
vides already an adequate remedy. The
Senator from Massachusetts says that negroes
are turned out of the ears. Let them bring
their action, and in every State in the United
States the law is so that they have got the same
rights that I have. A little while ago one
negro had courage enough to bring his action
in an old slave and rebel State, and he recov-
ered damages for being excluded from the ears.
I listened to the Senator's letter from Mr.
Cardozo, of South Carolina, invoking this
species of Federal legislation, and yet the law
of South Carolina makes every citizen of that
State equal, in rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties, in railroad cars, theaters, inns, and every-
where else. Mr. Cardozo, in that letter, giv-
ing his reasons for the invocation of Federal
authority, said that in their State courts judges
and juries" were so prejudiced that they could
not hope for justice. Judges and juries so
prejudiced in South Carolina, where the negro
majority is thirty thousand, where they control
the executive, legislative, and judicial depart-
ments of the government! Sir, I fear that
there are agitators in the colored race as well
as in the white i ace, and 1 fear that many of
the communications which the Senator from
Massachusetts read had for their object some-
thing more than the rights of the colored race.
With regard to cemetery associations and
schools and churches, I am clearly of opinion
that the Federal Government ought not to in-
terfere. I think it best to leave those matters
which are cognizable by human laws to regu-
lation by the States. Why, sir, the other Sen-
'ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wn.sojr,] a
few days since, in some brief remarks that he ]
made on this subject, rejoiced that in that |
Commonwealth they had got over all these old ■
prejudices whereby these injuries were inflicted j
upon the colored race; and how did they get I
over them ? Did they get over them by creat-
ing new crimes, new penalties, and new courts?
They left it to the slow operation of time and
of human nature and of the law of God, as
preached from the thousand pulpits of Massa-
chusetts, and it has brought them out right.
Better far so to do than attempt the species of
legislation which is embodied in the amend-
ment.
But, sir, after all the impulse that I have
felt upon me to speak on this matter has been
created not so much by the legislation embod-
ied in thisamendment as by the principles upon
which that legislation has been attempted to
be justified before this body. In substance
the principle is the same, whether it is enun-
ciated by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] or the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter.] That principle substantially is
this: that by the adoption of the three most
recent amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, our old system of Government
has been subverted. You may undertake to
draw a line short of the position assumed by
the Senator from Indiana, as the Senator from
Wisconsin did attempt, but it will be in vain.
Your reasoning upon this bill carries you to
the full length of giving to the Federal Gov-
ernment complete legislative authority over
every interest affecting the life, liberty, and
property of every citizen of the United States,
and leaves to the State Legislatures absolutely
nothing.
Now let us see. Senators have based their
arguments upon the fourteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts based a part of his
argument upon the thirteenth article—a stretch
of construction so extravagant that no one has
followed him therein; deriving from an amend-
ment that says not one word about color, that
has not a suggestion of discriminations about
color in it, an amendment that only prohibits
slavery and authorizes Congress.to enact laws
to enforce the prohibition, the power to enter
into the churches and schools of the States
and create crimes and misdemeanors and in-
flict fines and penalties because of discrimina-
tions of color. It seems to me that the state-
ment of the claim thus set up by the Senator
from Massachusetts in relation to the thir-
teenth amendment is its own refutation. But
the claim made with regard to the fourteenth
amendment is more plausible. It is under
the following three clauses that the Senators
insist upon the right to enact the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts:
" No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law; nor deny to auy person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. '
Now, it is said in regard to all three of these
clauses that, without waiting for any action on
the part of the States, considering simply the
subject-matter to which the three clauses refer,
Congress has the right to enact affirmative laws
to the full scope of the subjects embraced in
them, so that upon this reasoning_ Congress
may enact laws to secure the privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States ;
may enact laws for the protection of life, lib-
erty, and property; may enact Ibws giving to
all persons the equal protection of the laws at
least concurrently with the States:^ and upon
the principle of this amendment, if State laws
are already in existence on the subject, and
Congress is of opinion that the sanction of the
State laws is insufficient, Congress may add
additional sanctions by fine, imprisonment,
and the like. So that if a State shail enact a
law making robbery, which deprives a man of
property, an oft'ense punishable by ten years
imprisonment in the State piison, and Con-
gress shail deem that insufficient, uuder author-
ity derived from the fourteenth amendment to
protect citizens in life, liberty, and property,
it may enact laws inflicting a punishment
of twenty years'imprisonment. Murder is a
crime which deprives a man of life. Hitherto
the States have enacted laws for its suppres-
sion ; but, upon the theory of Senators, Con-
gress, under the fourteenth amendment, has
full power to enact laws for the protection of
life, and if it deem, as m^nydeem, the penalty
of death now inflicted by the laws of most of
the States too severe, Congress may change
that, and make the penalty of murder impris-
onment for life, and all State laws are abro-
gated instantly thereby.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will I disturb my
friend if I ask him a question at that point?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. This subject is so ex-
ceedingly important and the Senator is discuss-
ing it with such great ability and clearness that
I desire to put this exact question to him, be-
cause I want to hear his view of it. Suppose
the State of Mississippi to-morrow should pass
a law repealing all punishment for murdering
a black man, and in that state of things the
matter comes to knowledge of Congress. The
fourteenth article of the Constitution says that
"no State shall deny to any person the equal
protection of the laws." The State of Missis-
sippi has done it by abolishing the statute
which punishes murder if committed upon a
black man. The last clause of the fourteenth
amendment is that "Congress shall have power
by appropriate legislation to enforce this arti-
cle." Now, how is that to be done unless
Congress in sueh a case shall pass a law to
punish the murder of black men in Missis-
sippi?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The case
which the Senator supposes is not one arising
within the principles upon which this amend-
ment has been argued from beginning to end.
Mr. CARPENTER. No; I concede that.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. If a State
actually enacts a law depriving a citizen of the
equal protection of the laws, I will not under-
take to say that under the fourteenth amend-
ment Congress may not legislate; nor will I
aver that under the fourteenth amendment it
may legislate. I will simply leave that as a
question to be decided when the exigency shall
arise. It may turn out to be a casus omissus,
or it may be a proper matter for legislation by
Congress under the fourteenth amendment.
But what I am considering, and have been
consideiing all the while, is the principle upon
which this particular amendment has been
argued, going so far as to say that preliminary
to, and utterly regardless of, all State legisla-
tion, State authority, or State function, Con-
gress by virtue of the fourteenth amendment
has full, complete, and sweeping jurisdiction
to enact laws for the security of the rights,
privileges, and immunities of the citizens of the
United States and of the several States to the
fullest extent to which State legislation has ever
been enjoyed by the States during the whole
history of our country. Congress, upon the
theory advocated by the Senator from Indi-
ana—and the Senator from Wisconsin must
pardon me, but I cannot see the distinction in
principle between that theory and. his own,
although he reprobated, and I think deserv-
edly, the theory of the Senator from Indiana—
Congress, upon the theory that it is necessary
to give to all citizens the equal protection of
the laws, that it is necessary to secure all citi-
zens in the right to life, liberty, and property,
may go into every city, town, borough, and
hamlet in the United States and enact ordi-
nary police laws, and put a Federal officer to
keep guard over your streets.
Now, where are we going to land ? 1 agree
with the Senator from Wisconsin that this is
an exceedingly important question.^ \ve are
diving down now to those deep questions which
underlie the Government, and we are to decide
for ourselves and posterity, for to-day and for
all time to come, what are the changes made
