1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
089
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 624) granting a pension
to Elizabeth H. Morgan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) granting a pension
to Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip Cog-
gios;
A bill (H. R. No. 1209) granting a pension
to George J. St. Louis ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1761) extending the time
for the completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal.
development of minins.
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1016) to promote the development of the min-
ing resources of the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing, and ordered to be printed.
chicago eire.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 555) for the relief of sufferers by fire at
Chicago, the pending question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I design to
detain the Senate for but a few minutes in what
X have to say upon this bill. It is styled
a relief bill, and it is always ungracious to
oppose relief when it is asked for the suffering.
I wish distinctly to avow that I take no posi-
tion against giving relief to the sufferers by
the Chicago fire. I shall be as willing to join
in any measure that we can constitutionally
pass for the relief of Chicago as any gentle-
man upon the floor. There have been upon
one or two occasions intimations that this con-
stitutional question was raised through an un-
willingness to grant relief to the sufferers in
Chicago. It is true, as stated yesterday by
the Senator from Illinois who sils farthest from
me, [Mr. Logan,] that I first interposed this
constitutional objection, but I had no such
feeling as that of unwillingness to grant relief
to Chicago. I shall support every feature of
this bill that professes to grant relief to the
sufferers in Chicago. I voted, as did all the
Senators here—i believe there was no excep-
tion—-cheerfully for the unusual appropriation
of $4,000,000 for the purpose of supplying
them with public buildings.
Now, the first section of this bill proposes
to admit free of duty gratuitous contributions
for the relief of the sufferers by the fire at
Chicago. To that I understand no one has
made the slightest objection. To the admis-
sion of articles which are not sent in the way
of trade and commerce, but as charitable con-
tributions, no one has offered any objection.
The third section provides that the collection
of internal revenue taxes shall bo suspended
for one year in favor of those persons who, in
the opinion of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, have suffered material loss by the
fire ; so that the first and third sections do m
terms profess to give aid to those who have
suffered by the fire. It will be noticed when
you come to look at the second section that
there is no specific provision for relief to any-
body who has suffered by the fire. That pro-
vision is—
" That there shall be allowed and paid"—
To whom? It does not designate—
"under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury bhall prescribe, on all materials imported
to be and actually used in buildings erected on the
site of buildings burned by said fire, a drawback ot
import duties paid on the same."
It does not provide that this drawback is to
be given to persons who have suffered by the
fire. It does not provide to whom it is to be
given. That is 10 be fixed, if fixed at all, by
the regulations of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; but it is simply a provision that upon the
building materials used in buildings erected on
the site of buildings burned by the fire a draw-
back of the import duties shall be allowed.
A constitutional objection is made to this
second section, and it is said that it is easy
to make it. It is said by the Senator from
Illinois farthest from me [Mr. Logam] that
whenever a good and a proper thing is pro-
posed to be done some one is found to raise
a constitutional objection. I do not suppose
the Senator intended to convey the idea that
those who made this objection made it for the
purpose of preventing a proper and good thing
from being done, for in making this objection
we were but following the precedent set by
his colleague when a measure, which is in-
voked here as justifying this bill, was before
the Senate. When the bill was before the
Senate which granted relief to the sufferers
in Portland by the remission of duties, not
one word was said by any one either as to the
propriety of the passage of the bill or as to
its constitutionality; but when the bill mak-
ing a direct appropriation for the relief of
Portland was under consideration, then it was
that the senior Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] started the impropriety of such
appropriations for the relief of the distressed,
so that certainly it does not come with good
grace from the Senators from Illinois, in this
instance, to say that constitutional objections
are raised to doing a proper and a good thing
for the relief of Chicago. The objection has
its origin in Illinois. But, sir, it was made not
to prevent a proper and a good thing from
being done, but to prevent what was believed
to be an improper thing from being done. Wo
all agree that relief ought to be extended to
Chicago ; we only differ about the mode. The
Senator from Illinois and I do not differ as to
the propriety of extending relief to Chicago ;
but when we come to settle the mode in which
that relief shall be extended, a difference of
opinion arises, and it is upon that, principally,
that I propose to speak.
Before doing so, however, let me consider
for a moment the precedent which is invoked
for the passage of this measure ; I mean the
Portland bill. I wish to look at it in two
points of view. In the first place, we all re-
member that the Portland fire occurred on the
4th of July 1866. The bill was approved on
the 27 th of July, 1866, so that but three weeks
intervened between the occurrence of tlie fire
in Portland and the passage of the law. It is
very evident that the bill had but little con-
sideration, that it was introduced when every
one felt sympathy for and desired to extend
all the aid possible tu Poitland. So apparent
is this that there is now no question but that
the first section of that bill contains a clear
infraction of the Constitution, for it does pro-
vide that the exemption from duties should
be of those goods which were imported at the
port of Portland. So far then as the consti-
tutionality of this bill is concerned it contains
upon its face the evidence that that question
was not considered, because no one has at-
tempted here to argue that the first section is
not a clear violation of that provision of the
Constitution which prevents preferences of the
ports of one State over those of another. The
law that is invoked as a precedent for this bill
has in it what is conceded to be a clear viola,
tion of the Constitution, and one winch cer-
tainly would have arrested attention if it had
not been that the bill was passed in the very
gush of sympathy which carried every one m
favor of the bill as it affected Portland. _
Therefore its value as a precedent is just
nothing. The objection was not made; and
upon attention being now called to it, it is
conceded that the first section of the bill con-
tains a violation of the Constitution. But, sir,
I call attention to this bill, not only for that
purpose, but for the purpose of contrasting
tne aid given to Portland and the aid pro-
posed to be given to Chicago. The bill iu favor
of Portland passed in less than three weeks
after the calamity the-effects of which it was
intended to relieve; no houses had yet.been
bailt, no contracts had yet been made upon, the,
faith of existing laws; but the exemption "of
imported articles from duty, and the money
that was directly appropriated, went at once to
the relief of all the sufferers. j
But how is it now? This fire occurred ih
Chicago on the 7th, 8th, and 9th days of Octo-
ber last. We are - now in March. More
than five months have elapsed since the fire
occurred, and I state what is a fact—a fact
developed by testimony before the committee
that reported this bill—that a very large num-
ber of the citizens of Chicago who suffered
by that fire have, with their usual and their
commendable energy and enterprise, gone on
and contracted for building materials, and for
the erection of houses; the contracts which
they make bind them, and they were made
upon the existing state of the law, and they
will be bound in good faith to carry out every
one of those contracts, paying for materials at
the rates which prevailed before the passage
of this law was asked, before the eompassion
of Congress was invoked.
I do not know how much of this burnt dis-
trict is built up now; but a very large propor-
tion of it is so, that we are now asked to pass
a law which will inure only to the benefit of
those who have been the least enterprising in
Chicago. Five months have elapsed, and dur-
ing that time a considerable portion of the
burnt district has been rebuilt. These men
can never get the benefit of this legislation
unless wo make a direct appropriation. They
may have been the chief sufferers; they may
have gone on and mortgaged their estates for
the purpose of raising the money to build; but
if we pass this bill, making it prospective only,
applying only to the goods which are to be
imported in the future, we give to the laggards
the benefit of the law and deny it to the enter-
prising men.
So much I wish to say with reference to the
precedent of the Portland bill. The flames
of Portland had hardly yet died out when
the bill was passed. Here five months have
elapsed, and many of the sufferers in the city
of Chicago have been repairing its waste
places. Those who have not yet done so -
come now and ask us for this bill having three
features: first, to admit gratuitous contribu-
tions,- which nobody objects to; second, to
suspend the collection of internal taxes for
one year, which nobody objects to; then to
remit duties on all building materials to be
used m the burnt district. _ Why is it that
while they ask ua iu the third section of the
bill only to suspend the collection of internal
taxes for one yeal- they ask us to remit entirely
the customs duties? Why the distinction be-
tween the internal taxes and the customs
duties? Is it more onerous on the people of
Chicago to pay one year hence the internal
taxes that have been levied than it will be at
the end of one year, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to pay the cus-
toms duties? Certainly not. But there must
be in the minds of those who advocate and
who offer this bill a sense of impropriety in
asking to be relieved from the taxes, and I
will show why that is, and show, I think, con-
clusively that those taxes cannot be remitted;
and if they cannot, the same reason will apply
to the customs duties.
I do not wish to occupy time in reading
from the Constitution, but that this question
may be fairly before us, let me quote the
provisions which do bear on this question.
I have before me an enumeration of the tax-
ing powers of the Constitution, which omits
some words, perhaps, but gives a full idea
of the whole of them:
" Article one, section eight, contains an enumera-
tion cif legislative powers, of which the first is as
follows:
"Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
