1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3581
passage of the bill denouncingpenaltie3 against
these offenses, a body of masked and disguised
men came to his lowly cabin at midnight, took
bim from his bed, searched his house for his
papers, alleging that he had been in corre-
spondence with Mr. Wallace, the member of
Congress, in reference to the business of the
colored people of the district. They took
him out, and that decrepit body which I have
described was laid upon the ground, and he
was there scourged with a horse whip, and
after being thus scourged they put a halter
around his neck and threatened to drag him to
the river and drown him, telling him, "You
must no longer teach these children; you must
no longer preach the gospel herS; you mustno
longer permit meetings of the colored people
to be held at your house; you must quit writing
to Wallace, quit taking a Republican news-
paper j you mast come out in the newspaper
of the county and declare that you renounce
your Republican principles; and unless you do
these things we will coine back and kill you."
The voice in which he gave this statement
was one of peculiar strength and melody, that
kind of a voice which those who were accus-
tomed to hear his preaching said to me melted
down his audience with more power than that
of any man in South Carolina. He was ex-
amined at length, and after giving his evidence
in chief—it is worth any Senator's while to
turn to it in the testimony and read it—the
following was elicited by a member of the
committee. He having been charged by the
Ku Klux, while whipping him, with preaching
political sermons, that subject was thus brought
to his notice:
"By Mr. Van Trump :
"Question. You do not feel very kindly toward the
white race ?
"Anmoer. I am afraid of them now.
"Question. Frightened at them?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I have good-will, love, and
affection toward them, but X fear them,
"Question. Is that because you are a Baptist, or
why ?
"Answer. I know it is my duty as a human being
to respect all the human race, and also the grace of
God teaches mc to say so.
"Question. When you get to preaching, do you not
show up the wrongs and oppressions suffered from
these white people?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Is that what you generally preach
about?
"Answer. Yes, sir; love universal.
"Question. I do not wish to mislead you or have
you answer without fully understanding my ques-
tion.
"Answer, Please to ask it again.
" Question. I ask you if the subject-matter of your
sermons is the wrongs and cruelties inflicted by
these white people ?
"Answer. No, sir; not at all. I was accused of
that on the night when they boat mo; but that is
not the subject on which X preach; it is scriptural
salvation. , t
" Question. You have the idea that these white
people are determined to put you black people
^°"*Answer. Yes, sir; I have that idea very strongly.
They are determined to keep us from using any
influence for republicanism, which we believe is
God's will. I do believe it comes nearer to God s
will and universal love and friendship in this world
than any other. „
'• Question, You mean republican government/
"Answer. Yes, sir,
•' Question. Do you also mean the Republican
Dsirty ^
" Answer. Yes, sir. I believe the Republican party
advocates what is nearer the laws oi God than any
other party, and therefore I feel that it is right.
" Question. When you are preaching, do you
preach republicanism in your sermons?
"Answer. No, sir; I preach the Gospel, repent-
ance toward God, and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ.
" Question. Do you never preach about politics 1
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Then these Ku Klux were wrong m
their accusation ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; they were."
I wish, Mr. President, that every man in the
nation who has ever felt disposed to palliate
the crimes of Ku Klux, could see that remark-
able man and hear his narrative of his wrongs.
What was the effect of it upon this man, an
American citizen, a better one than thousands
who have been engaged in scourging his race ?
He wished to live under our institutions ; he
loved them as you see ; but he felt so well sat-
isfied that the animosity of the people of that
portion of South Carolina against the colored
race would not permit him to remain that he
entered into correspondence with the secretary
of the Colonization Society, and made an ar-
rangement to go to Liberia, unknown to most
of those who surrounded him. When that was
learned the whole neighborhood rose up and
protested against this man, their counselor,
their friend, their preacher, their teacher, leav •
ing them ; but he had made up his mind that
he could not live where he wanted to live, and
he went, followed, according to my informa-
tion, by some twenty or thirty families from
the region in which he lived ; and to-day—I
read not long since in one of the religious
periodicals of the country a description of his
arrival in Liberia—to-day Elias Hill is banished
from the Republic of the United States, living
in Liberia against his will, because he cannot
live in South Carolina for fear of the Ku Klux.
John Genobles, of Spartanburg county, six-
ty-nine years of age, a respectable white man,
who had been in the county since 1827, acted
last yearasan election officer. Disguised men
took him from his bed on the night of the
22d of April, 1870, stripped him, beat hiin
with hickory withes, and concluded by saying
to him, " If you will agree to go to the court-
house and get on the steps and there declare
yourself a Democrat, and say that you have
quit this partyism or this Radicalism, we will
let you go ; but if you do not, we will como
back and kill you." He proceeds, " There-
fore, of course I did it."
" Question, You promised to do so?
" Answer. Yes, sir ; I promised to do so if they
would let me off, for 1 was nearly dead, almost fro-
zen. Tbo toes of my right foot havenot agood feel-
ing in them yet, and I don't know as I'll ever have
the feeling in my right foot as before, for I was
almost chilled to death in that cold rain."
In pursuance of that promise he went to
Spartanburg, the county town, and thus relates
what he did on the day of the sheriff sales at
the county court:
" I got up—the sheriff was then done selling his
property—I got up on the steps, and said that I was
no longer a partisan man, and was not in favor of a
black Republican government; that I thought that
a white man was somewhat superior to a black man.
That is pretty much all that I said ; also, that I was
a moinber of the church so long—some forty-three
years." ********
" Question. Was this statement mado by you
because of you belief in the truth of what you said,
or was it to save your life ?
" Answer, It was to save my life."
Dr. John Winsmith, a native of the same
county, sixty-eight years of age, a man who
had been for fifteen years in the senate and
house of representatives of South Carolina
before the war, of irreproachable character,
and who considers himself a Conservative, de-
cided in the late elections to support Gov-
ernor Scott, because, as he states, the opposing
candidates declared themselves better Repub-
licans than Scott, and Scott was Republican
enough for him. Some forty or fifty disguised
men visited his bouse, occupied by himself and
wife, at night and saluted him as a "damned
rascal." The brave old man immediately got
his pistol and fired at them. They put seven
balls in him, endangering hislife, and entering
the room where his wife was, said to her;
"Wecame after thisman Winsmith, this Radical."
She said to him, " It you are after my husband, and
say he is a Radical, I will tell you what, perhaps I
ought not tosay, butyou tell a lie; he is no Radical;
he is a Conservative and not a Radical in anything.
Said he, 'Why does he act with the Radicals, then
She did not reply. Said he, 'If he is not. why don t
he come out in the newspaper and say so ?
This is freedom of opinion in South Caro-
lina. I come now to a case which has excited
considerable attention. On Saturday even-
ing, the 31st of December, 1870, a company
of negro militia left Unionville, and when a
short distance from the town met a man
named Stevens coming in with a barrel of
illicit whisky for one of the hotels. He was
a drayman, had lost a leg in the confederate
service, and was accompanied in his dray by
another man. The purpose with which the
militia went out is not clearly ascertained 5
one statement being that they said they were
going out to "mug a man," and another that
they were going out to "guard Budd Wil-
liams," a negro, from being Ku Kluxed.
Whatever was their purpose, upon meeting
Stevens they demanded whisky from him. and
he gave them what he had in a flask. They
asked for more, and upon his starling from
them they fired at him; he jumped from his
wagon and ran; they followed, caught, and
killed him. It would seem to have been a
cruel, unprovoked murder, one for which all
who participated in it certainly deserved to be
convicted, and to suffer the extreme penalty
of the law. It excited great feeling in Union-
ville, the white population believing, as ex-
pressed by a witness, "that the entire negro
community were in sympathy with the mur-
derers." Moved by that feeling, they pro-
ceeded to disarm the negroes who composed
the militia company, as a measure of self-pro-
tection. The people turned out on Sunday
morning and arrested quite a number of the
negroes charged with the offense, and lodged
tbem in jail. On the following Wednesday
night, the 4th of January, some forty or fifty
Ku Klux rode into the town, surrounded the
jail, entered it, took out five of these prison-
ers, proceeded a short distance out of the
town, where they killed two of them, the
other three making their escape after being
shot at and wounded. They were recaptured
and again lodged in jail in a few days, and
with some eight or ten others who were
charged with the same offense remained there
until the night of Sunday, the 12th of Feb-
ruary.
Judge Thomas, the presiding judge of that
circuit, apprehending that these persons might
also be taken out and disposed of as the
others had been, under a statute of the State
authorizing him so to do, issued a writ of
habeas corpus for the purpose of bringing
them before him at Columbia and committing
to prison there. It is well to consider these
facts when those who clamor for the sacred-
ness of the writof habeas corpus come to look
at the result in this case.
This writ was delivered to the sheriff at
Unionville on Thursday evening, the.'Jth of
February. The train would return to Columbia
Friday morning, and not again until Monday.
After the train left Friday morning the sheritf
called a conference of lawyers to determine
whether he ought to obey the writ. They
thought it was informal, but all recognized
" the well-known signature of Judge Thomas,"
and "advised the sheriff to keep the matter
secret and communicate with Judge Thomas,
and ask him whether it was genuine." Sub-
sequently this advice was reconsidered, and on
Friday evening the sheriff was advised to obey
the writ on Monday morning.
On Sunday night a body of armed and dis-
guised Ku Klux, variously estimated at from
four to eight hundred, rode into the town, took
possession of the jail, took out eight of the
prisoners charged with the murder of Stevens
and hung them.
If this intention to remove them on Monday
was kept a secret until Friday evening, it wilt
strike every one forcibly that this organization
must, in that county or the adjoining ones, be
not only numerous, but under wonderfully
strict military discipline, when from four to
eight hundred disguised, mounted, and armed
men could be assembled in that time, especially
when it is remembered that Union county had
in 1870 but 8,718 white population, and the
village itself not over four hundred. It may
not appear so strange, however, when the
prevailing sentiment is ascertained from the
testimony and incidents revealed by it-
It seems that one man, Iliomas Hughes,
when he heard the firing which shot the
prisoners on the first ruid, supposed it^ was by
negroes on the way to rescue the prisoners.
He says he immediately got his gun and
traveled hastily three quarters of a mile into
