8M-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
in this' Government by the adoption of the
three-last amendments to the Constitution.
If th'ey meati all that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says, God help us; the foundations
of civil liberty are stricken away from under
us. We-sha.ll not fall at once; communities
never do. Usurpations are never made as
usurpations—are never made with an ostensibly
wrong: object: usurpations are always made
under the pretense of doing good, and usurpa-
tions ate always made under old forms.
Sir, I come from a portion of 'my country
where I see all around me diffused the benefi-
cent effects and influencesof local self-gov-
ernment. Beginning in our little townships,
extending to the State Legislative-Assemblies,
everywhere there for two hundred years we
have been governing ourselves. Go into the
Parliament of England and listen to the de-
batesone day they are discussing what they
shall do to maintain the poor; go in another
day and they are attempting to build up a sys-
tem -of national education; go in another day
and they are talking of ecclesiastical estab-
lishments, and the propriety of keeping them
up or overthrowing them. (Jo into a New Eng-
land town meeting, and the whole community,
New England farmers and mechanics and mer-
chants and lawyers and ministers are gathered
there, and they are enacting their local laws
for educating their children, for taking care
of their poor. And when they gather together
to worship God by the simplest form of eccle-
siastical organization, they possess themselves
of the rights of acorporationunderthe Stateto
take care of their ecclesiastical establishments.
It haS been going on for a century and a half;
and now, sir, go all over this- wide world and
find if you can a community where there is
equal general intelligence, culture, virtue, and
prosperity as in New England. Follow out
thelinesof herparallels across the Alleghanies
and the Mississippi to the Pacific, and every-
where where the footsteps of her children have
trod have the church and the school-house
gone np side by side, and the love of liberty
bnrned brightest in the breasts of the men that
dwell there; and allthis eomesfroin oursystem
of local self-government.
The Senator from Massachusetts may talk
loudly and eloquently of human'rights. 1 agree
with him in the advocacy of human rights ;
bat, sir, I would protect and battress human
rights in this land by the salvation of those
local institutions which have made those rights
so sacred to us, and which have made them
now at last dominant over the continent. It
is because this amendment is an insidious
entering-wedge to overthrow these bulwarks,
and because i believe that if the construction
which the Senator and his associates have put
upon the new amendments to the Constitution
bo received as the law of this country we may
bid farewell to our hopes of American liberty
for the generations to come, that I oppose it.
No, sir, no. If there be in any State citi-
zens of the United States who, to use the lan-
guage of the Senator from Massachusetts, are
insulted, outraged, wronged, by being expelled
from cars or inns, let them bring their actions
in the courts of the States where the injury
is inflicted, or, if they be residents bf other
States, in the Federal courts; and that is all
that I can do, that is all that the Senator from
Massachusetts can do, and he and they and
I will alike find reparation for our injuries
afforded-to us there. If that remedy is insuffi-
cient, go and work and labor and toil with the
Legislatures of the States as that Senator has
so fearlessly, so faithfully, so gloriously toiled
for twenty years in the great, cause of liberty
and equality.' The Senator mourned that even
Massachusetts was not spotless in this respect,
because he said that at midnight of an inclem-
ent day in the capital of Massachusetts a
negro' "was refused admission to any hotel.
Was it so? Then go to the Legislature of
Massachusetts, ask her "to right her citizen
who, you say, -has thus been outraged; do not
■ come here and trample down every other right
of Massachusetts in order that you may obtain
that justice to one of her citizens which she
is ready and willing herself to afford.
Bat it is said it may not be so in some south-
ern States. I have asked the representatives
of the southern States here, "What are your
laws?" and I find the laws of those States to
be in accord with the common law in regard
to the injuries for which this amendment is
expected to furnish a remedy; and the Senator
must wait somewhat for the operation of time
to accomplish all the results whose beginnings
are found in the war in which we have been
involved.
Mr. President, I have spoken longer and
perhaps more earnestly than I oaght to have
done ; but I do not wantto be misconstrued in
reference to the position which I take regard-
ing this amendment, and 1 am anxious that
Senators should remember that there is some-
thing yet in the functions of the States which
is sacred and which ought to be preserved
sacred, and which is absolutely essential to
the perpetuity of free institutions on this
continent.
Mr. KELLY. Mr.President, before this vote
is taken I wish to express my own views upon
the question. I think the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Summer] is intended to work only and
solely for the benefit of those whose cause he
has espoused. At the present time, as has
been so eloquently said by the Senator who
has just taken his seat, all the wrongs that
have been or can be inflicted on the colored
race, in most of the States at least, are now
remedied in the local tribunals, and I will
take his own State of Massachusetts as an
illustration of all. There, as he states, all the
rights that his bill is intended to protect have
been guarantied to the colored citizens of that
State equally with the whites, and they have
for the infraction of those rights the privilege
and the right to go into the State courts, and
they have some nineteen or twenty county
seats where those wrongs may be redressed.
But suppose the Senator's bill becomes a law
and is held to be a constitutional enactment
under the Constitution of the United States,
whera are these colored persons to go in
order to have their wrongs redressed? The
bill itself provides:
The same jurisdiction and powers avo hereby
oonferred, and the same duties enjoined upon, tho
courts and officers of tho United States, in the execu-
tion of this act, as aro conferred and enjoined upon
suoh courts and officers in sections three, four, five,
Soyien, and ten of a-o act entitled 'An act to protect
all persons jji tho United States iu their civil rights,
and to furnish the means of their vindication,'
passed April 9, I860.
By the third section of that act all offenses
against it are nth.de cognizable in the district
and circuit court's of the United States, and it
is there declared that they shall have exclusive
cognizance of all those cases. So, then, if a
colored man be excluded from a car or from a
theater, the circuit and district courts of the
United States aro to have cognizance of the
action brought on account of the exclusion.
Therefore, if a colored man should be deprived
of these rights in one of the western counties of
the State of Massachusetts, in Berkshire, he
is compelled in order to obtain redress to go
to Boston where the United States courts are
holden.
We know, too, Mr. President, how the busi-
ness in the United States courts has been
increasing within the last few years. The
bankruptcy and the admiralty jurisdictions
bring thfjre a large numberof causes, and then
all the cases that arise out of infractions of the
revenue laws are decided in those courts ; and
yet with all the business crowding upon these
courts, colored men are to be compelled to go
from one extreme of a State to another, in
order to have redress for their wrongs. You
take away the State jurisdiction ; you deprive
these men of the privilege of going into those
courts where for two hundred years they have
had their wrongs redressed, you send them
off to a distant locility, yon send them to but
a single court in a State. This is the effect of
the amendment. Is that a benefit to the col-
ored people ? Is it not rather a gross injury 1
Mr. President, if this measure be constitu-
tional, then so far as the United States courts
assume that jurisdiction, so far are the States
deprived of it; and thus it becomes an utter
destruction of State rights to that extent.
Every colored man is precluded from going
into the State courts to have his wrongs re-
dressed.
When the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution was adopted, was it intended by the
States that gave their assent to it to thus sur-
render up their jurisdiction in civil matters?
Did Massachusetts at the time she assented to
it agree that her colored citizens should not
be heard in" her local tribunals? Must they
go into a court where the judges are not of
their own selection ? I think there is not %
single State of the Union which intended when
it assented to the fourteenth amendment to
give up this jurisdiction to the Federal Gov-
ernment. In Massachusetts the railroad facil-
ities are great and in territorial extent it is
but a small State; people can go rapidly from
one portion of it to another; men can go to
Boston, where the Federal courts are holden,
without any difficulty ; but look at the other
States which are larger. Take the State that
I have the honor in part to represent. From
the eastern boundary of that State to Portland,
where the United States courts are holden, it is
u distance of some four hundred miles. That
has all to be traveled by land in certain seasons
of the year, and two hundred miles of it at least
is land travel all the year. It costs twice as
much to make that journey as itdoes to go from
here to Chicago, and it takes twice as long.
Are witnesses to be brought that distance to
testify in cases like this of such small import-
ance as those resulting from depriving a man
of the right to ride in a railroad-car or, in a
stage-coach? All this expense mast be en-
dured. A single court in Portland, in the
State of Oregon, is to try a case that may be
brought from four hundred miles in one direc-
tion and three hundred miles in another. That
State in its territorial extent is greater than the
States of New York and Pennsylvania com-
bined ; and yet every man who is deprived of
these rights must go to that single court to
have his wrongs redressed. I say it is a wrong
to the person ■who is compelled to prosecute
his case in that court, and it is a greater wrong
to the man who is charged with an offense of
this kind to take him from his home, four
hundred miles off, and compel him to answer
that which he could better meet in his own
county and near his own home.
The bill of the Senator from Massachusetts,
as I have said, provides that the Federal
courts shall try all these cases; but even if it
did not, if it be constitutional the Federal
courts would take this jurisdiction, and if they
do take it, the States cannot have it. And yet
in every State in this Union, Isuppose, where
a man was improperly ejected from a car on
account of race or color, he" could maintain an
action. It has been done. I myself have
ridden with colored men in curs and iu stage
coaches, and I know that they have, in so far
as those rights are concerned, the same that
T have—no more, no less. If their rights
are infringed, they can go to the State courts
and have redress just the same as I can my-
self. It is true that in the matter of schools
it may be different. Most of the States have
schools for colored children and separate
schools for white children.
Again, it is provided ''that any person vio-
lating any of the provisions of the foregoing
section, or aiding in their violation, or inciting
thereto, shall, for every such offense, forfeit
