1790
THE CONGrKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
March 19,
and provide for tbe common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States; but all duties, imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the Uni-
ted States.'
"Article one, section two, (£3,) provides that 'direct
" taxes shall be appoutioned among the several States
which may be included within this Union according
to their respective numbers.' Section nine 4) de-
clares that'no capitation or other direct tax shall
be laiduciess in proportion tothecensus orenumer-
ation ^hereinbefore directed to be takenand £5,
that 'no tax or duty shall be laid on articles
exported from any State;' and § 6, that 'no pref-
erence shall be given by any regulation of revenue
to the ports of one State over those of another;
nor shall vessels bound to or from one State be
obliged to pay duties in another.'
"Section ten ('$ 2)provides that—
" * No State shall, without the consent of the Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or ex-
ports, except what may be absolutely necessary for
executing its inspection laws;' and * that no State
shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any duty
of tonnage.'" £ 3.
These are the provisions in the Constitution
which regulate the raising of our national rev-
enue. Now, before proceeding to give the
effect of these provisions, which relate to the
imposition of taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises, I take the liberty of reading a very brief
extract from the History of the Constitution in
regard to those two clauses which more imme-
diately bear upon this question. I read from
Curtis's History of the Constitution:
" There is one other restraint upon the revenue
as well as upon the commercial power, the history
of which now demands our inquiries. But in order
to understand it correctly, it will be necessary for the
reader to recur to the position in which the revenue
and commercial powers were left by the sectional com-
promises described in the lastchapter. The struggle
between the northern and the southern States con-
cerning the limitations of those povvers turned, as we
have j een, on certain lestrieuons desired by the lat-
ter. They wished to have exports excepted outof the
revenue power; they wished to have a vote of two
thirds made necessary to the passage of any com-
mercial regulation; and three of them wished to
have the slave trade excepted from both the rev-
enue and the commercial powers. We have seen
that the result of the sectional compromises was to
leave the commercial andrevenue powers unlimited,
excepting by the saving in relation to the slave
trade; that they left the revenue power unlimited,
excepting by the restriction concerning exports and
a capitation tax; and that the commercial power
was to beexercised, like other legislative powers, by
a majority in Congress. General commercial and
revenue powers, then, without other restrictions
than these, would enable Congress to collect tbeir
revenues where theyshould see fit, withoutobiiging
them to adopt the old ports of entry of the States,
or to consider the place where a cargo was to bo un-
laden. I hey might have custom-houses in only one
placoin eaeh State, or in only such States as they
might choose to select, and might thus compel ves-
sels bound from or to all the other States to clear or
enter at those places. But, on the otherhand, aeon-
stituuonal provision which would require them to
establish custom-houses at theoldpoits of entry of
theStates, without leaving them at liberty to estab-
lish other ports of entry, or to compel vessels to
receive on board reveuue officers before they had
reached their ports of destination, would create
opportunities and facilities for smuggling.
It appears that the people of Maryland felt
somo apprehension that an unrestricted power to
make commercial and fiscal regulations might re-
sult m compelling vessels bound to or from Balti-
more to enter or clear at Norfolk, or some other
port m Virginia. The delegates of Maryland ac-
cordingly introduced a proposition, which embraced
two ideas : first, that Congress shall not oblige ves-
sels, domestic or foreign, to enter or pay duties or
imposts in any other State than in that to which
they may be bound, or to clear from any other State
than that in which their cargoes may be laden;
eecondly, that Congress f>hall not induce vessels to
enter and clear in oneState in preference to another,
by any privileges or immunities. This proposition
became the basis of that clause of the Constitution
wmch declares that * no preference shall be given by
any regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports
of one btate over those of another; nor shall vessels
bound to or from one Slate be obliged to enter,
clear, or pay duties in another.'
It was while this subject of the equal operation
of the commercial and revenue powers upon the
aiuerent Mates was under consideration that the
further provision was devised and incorporated into
the Constitution, which requires all duties, imposts,
and excises to be uuifoim throughout the United
ptates. Iteis clause, m the final revision of the
instrument, was annexed to the power of taxation."
It is evident that the purpose of this clause,
which requires duties, imposts, and excises to
be uniform, was to bring it into conformity with
and extend those oiher powers which were
granted to the General Government over com-
merce and revenue. What was the object of
tne first provision with regard to the ports of
. oue §mte paying 110 preference over those of
another ? That the United States should hold
out no inducement by any regulation of com-
merce or of revenue that would induce vessels
to seek the ports of one State rather than those
of another. That was the intention of the first
clause to which I called attention when I made
this objection. I thought then that clause was
perhaps the broader of the two, but upon look-
ing at its history, which I have read, I find that
it is the narrower of the two ; that it is intended
only to guard against that preference of the
ports of one State over those of another which
would be secured hy saying that goods enter-
ing one port should be subject to inspection,
and at another to no inspection; that goods
entering at one port should be subject to one
duty, and at another to no duty at all. And
when you go to the next provision, that taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises may be levied by
Congress, mark the change of phraseology in
that clause of the Constitution :
"Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises; but all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform."
The word "taxes" is dropped when uni-
formity is provided for. Why? Because in
regulating these powers of revenue granted to
the Government there "were other provisions
in the Constitution which regulate the subject
of taxes. Taxes were of two kinds, direct
and indirect. The indirect taxes were em-
braced in the generic term "taxes;" but they
were also classed with imposts, duties, and
excises; but there was another class, direct
taxes, and the clause in the Constitution which
regulates direct taxes, which I have read, re-
quires them, instead of being imposed with
uniformity, to be imposed according to popu-
lation.
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union, accordingto their respect-
ive numbers."
Here, then, were the two sources of revenue
over which the General Government was in-
vested with power: first, imposts, duties, and
excises; second, taxes. The provisions were
carefully considered. Taxation was the sensi-
tive nerve, if I may so speak, of that Conven-
tion which met to remedy the defects of the
old Confederation, the principal one of which
was a want of power to enforce payment of
requisitions for revenue; and after that con-
sideration, here we find a provision in reference
to the one. the indirect taxes, requiring uni-
formity. We cannot lay any one of these taxes
in one State at one rate and exempt the people
of another from that tax, or lay it at a different
rate. When we come to look at the direct tax
there cannot be uniformity, and therefore, in
consequence of the anomalous position of the I
country at that time, the existence of slavery,
should bear; and if that be true, that you
could exclude the population of the burnt
district in computing direct taxes, then it
follows that the other part of the provision
may also be disregarded, and out of charity,
or compassion, or to give the burnt district
its proper aid to get through with its sorrows
in Congress, you can give it two Representa-
tives. Direct taxes and Representatives are
to be apportioned according to population.
Here, Mr. President, are two powers of
revenue granted to the General Government:
one to raise revenue by the imposition of im-
posts, duties, and excises, which shall be uni-
form, as shall all indirect taxes be uniform;
the other, by direct taxation. Taxation, rev-
enue, representation, all hang together, and the
moment you break the system you break down
the securities and tbe guarantees that were
given by and to the framers of the Constitu-
tion, by them to the people, and by them to
each other.
Here is a plain provision. "Congress shall
have power." There is the grant—to do what?
" To impose taxes, imposts, duties, and ex-
cises." There is the subject upon which it is
to^act—"taxes, duties, imposts, and excises."
What for? "To pay the debts and provide for
the common defense and general welfare." It
strikes me that gentlemen who argue here in
favor of the constitutionality of this bill are
confounding two different things; they are
confounding the power to raise revenue with
the purpose for which revenue is raised.
They are confounding the operation of getting
money into the Treasury with the operation ot
getting money out of the Treasury. In order
to get money into the Treasury you can only
do it by one of two ways, except the few mis-
cellaneous matters of public property, either
by the imposition of impost duties and excises
or by the imposition of taxes. If you get it
by impost duties and excises you must do it
by uniform rates throughout the United States.
If youget it by direct taxes you must get it by
apportionment upon the whole population.
But when you have it once in the Treasury
then the question of appropriation comes up,
and the question is, are we appropriating it to
pay debts ; are we appropriating it for tbe
common defense or for t.he general welfare?
It is alleged that this is an appropriation,
and unless you can make it au appropriation
the case fails. It cannot be a remission of
duties; it cannot be an exemption in advance
of the same articles in that district which are
to pay duties in other districts, but it must be
brought within the limits, within the descrip-
tion of an appropriation.
_ Mow, when we come to look at appropria-
tions, it is very evident that is a subject which
, -j i- •   i ' ' """°i'• " oviucui. milt is a sunjecr wmcn
4,0., other considerations entering in also, j was thought to be carefully guarded. "No
it was nrnvidpd that dirpct t.avps \vpre  fn h*} l u „ j  r r..
it was provided that direct taxes were to be
apportioned according to population.
It mattered not if New Jersey's land was
worth but one dollar an acre, if the tax was j
to be on land, and Pennsylvania's lands were |
worth forty dollars an acre, the value would !
not be taken into consideration; the popula- '
tion was to be counted ; and to preserve the I
equipoise, if she paid more tax than she would j
have paid on the value of her land, she gets !
more representation than we would have had I
if her representation had been according to !
value instead of according to populatiou. -
Now, it is alleged that we may make a regu- j
lation under this Constitution exempting a cer- j
tain district of country from the payment of j
these uniform duties, and I call attention to ;|
these two provisions of the Constitution for Ij
the purpose of showing that that is untenable,
because if you can, then, taking the other jj
power that is granted to the General Govern- ij
ment over the revenue, when we come to lay !
direct taxes, we could with equal propiicty j!
put into a bill for laying them a clause that ij
the population of the burnt district in Chicago 'I
should be excluded from the enumeration of
the population of Illinois in saying what ehe
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but
in pursuance of appropriations made by law;
and a regular statement and account of the
receipts and expenditures of all public money
shall be published from time to time." After
the money is got into the Treasury by the revenue
po wer, it is taken out under the power of appro-
priation, and an account of both is to be kept
and published. I do notknow how the Treas-
ury accounts are kept; but it is highly prob-
able nobody will ever see an account of the
receipts from the exempted articles and of the
expenditures paid out to the persons who get
the drawback.
Itis not an appropriation. I know the Sena-
toi trom Illinois has quoted a large number of
precedents to show that there have been sim-
ilar laws passed from the foundation of the
Government up to this time; but I listened
with considerable caro to the, list as he went
over it, and I classified them in three classes,
hirst, laws were passed to refund duties that
had been previously paid; second, laws to
i remit duties upon articles that were destroyed
and never reached the consignee ; and third,
; there was a remission of duties, for instance,
j as m the ease of salt used in curing fish, or as
