842
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[•Tune 10,
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
T. Bowers, postmaster at Liberty, Union
county, Indiana, with the sum of thirty dollars
on hisacconntas postmaster, as aforesaid, with
said Department; said sum being the amount
of postage-stamps stolen from said post office
on the twenty first day of December, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, while the building
in which said office was kept was threatened
with destruction by fire.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDXLIX.—An Act for the Relief of
David L. Wright, late Captain of Company
B, Fifty-First Regiment Indiana Volunteers.
Beit enactedby the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot' the
Treasury be, and he is hereby authorized and
directed to pay, out of any money appropri-
ated or hereafter to be appropriated for the
payment of the Army, to David L. Wright,
late captain in the fifty first regiment of In-
diana volunteers, the payand emoluments of a
captain of infantry from the thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, the
date of his commission, to the fourteenth day
of March, eighteen hnndred and sixty-five,
the date of his discharge as a returned pris-
oner of war, as if said David L. Wright had
been mustered as captain on the date of
his commission, first deducting whatever sum
may have been paid said David L. Wright as
lieutenant during t.he period for which pay is
hereby allowed us captain.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDL—An Act to provide for the Ex-
amination and payment of the Claim of
Albert Grant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of 1 he United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, 1'liat the Secretary of
War be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to examine ..lie claim of Albert Grant,
assignee to A. Grant and Company, tor dam
ages sustained by said A. Grant and Company
in the erection of a fire-proof store-house at
Schuylkill arsenal, m the city of Philadel-
phia, in the years eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven and eighteen hundred and sixr.y-eight,
under a contract by them entered into with
the United States, the alleged amount being
forty-seven thousand dollars; and if on exam-
ination the Secretary shall be of opiuion that
said claim, or any part thereof, is just and
equitable, fie shall cause the same to to be paid
to this claimant or his fegal representatives:
Provided, That the amount so allowed shall
not exceed the sum of forty seven thousand
dollais, and that it shall be in full discharge |
of this claim.
Seu. 2. That a sufficient sum to pay the
amount adjudged by t.he Secretary of War to
this claimant, by virtue of this act, is hereby
appropriated.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLI.—An Act for the Relief of Alex
ander MeArthur. of the City of Corunna,
in the State of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentaticcs of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of seven
hundred and fifty-six dollars be, and the same
ishereby, allowed and ordeied to be paid to
Alexander McAitkur, of Coiunua,, Michigan,
ior damages sustained by him in consequence
of injuries to his house m Corunna, leased to
the United Slates on the fifteenth day of
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for
barracks for the provost marshals' office for
the sixth district m said State of Michigan,
which said injuries were done by the soldiers
occupying the same.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLII.—An Act for the Relief of
John W. Phelps, of Vermont.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Seeietaiy of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the"sum of five hun-
dred and fifty-five dollars, to John W. Phelps,
of Vermont, in full for the rent of certain
lands owned by said Phelps in Alexandria,
Virginia, occupied by the commissary depart-
ment for a bakery, from eighteen hundred and
sixty-two to eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLUI.—An Act for the Relief of
Thomas D. West, of Sandusky, in the
State of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America
in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is, authorized and
directed to pay to Thomas D. West, of San-
dusky, Ohio, nine hundred and ten dollars, in
full compensation for his losses sustained,
occasioned by the occupancy of his three-
story stone building, in Sandusky, Ohio, by the
one hundred and twenty-second New York
volunteers, during the months of January,
February, March, and April, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDL1V.—An Act for the Relief of John
J. Smith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to John
J. Smith, of Vicksburg, Mississippi, the sum
of nine hundred and six dollars and ninety-
seven cents, which shall^ be in full discharge
of all claims against the United States Govern-
ment on account of seven bales of cotton
turned over to a Government purchasing agent,
on the fourteenth day of June, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-five, in consideration
ol a license from the Government to transport i
twenty-one bales of cotton to the loyal States, '
under the Treasury regulations prescribed un-
der the eighth section of the act of Congress
approved July the second, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLV—An Act for the Relief of
Simeon Savage.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House nf Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the letters-patent
granted to Simeon Savage, a citizen of the
United States, dated the second day of March,
eighteen huudied and fifty-two, and excended
by the Commissioner of Patents for seven
years from the second day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixiy-six, for an improvement in
machinery for printing floor oil-cloths, be, and
the same is hereby, extended for the term of
seven years from the second day of March,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three; and the
Commissioner of Patents is hereby directed,
upon the presentation of said patent, or a cer-
tified copy thereof, to make a certificate upon
such patent or certified copy thereof of such
extension (the lawful fees being first paid
therefor,) to the said Simeon Sivage; and the
Commissioner of Patents is hereby directed to
cause the same to be entered of record in the
Patent Office; and the said patent so extended
shall have the same effect in law as if origin-
ally granted for the term extending to the end ]
of the term to which it is extended by 'this
act: Provided, however, That such extended
patent shall be open to legal inquiry and decis-
ion, in the same manner as if issued under the
general law regulaling the granting of patents.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLVI.—An Act granting a Pension to
J. W. Cronkite.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of J. YV. Cronkite, late
acting lieutenant colonel, one hundred and
twenty-first regiment New York volunteers,
and to pay him a pension as a lieutenant
colonel in lieu of his pension as a major.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Elbridge Gerry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys in
the Treasury of the United States not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of thirteen thou-
sand and two hundred dollars, to be paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury to Elbridge
Gerry, in full compensation for valuable ser-
vices rendered the Government in eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, and for all claims for
Indian depredations up to the date of the
passage of this act.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLVIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to L. Adelia Foster.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of L. Adelia Foster, widow of
George Foster, late acting major of the sixty-
seventh regiment New Yoik volunteers, and
to pay her a pension as the widow of a major,
in lieu of the pension of the widow of a captain
which she is now receiving.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Frederick P. Dimpfel.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the patent heretofore
granted Frederick P. Dimpfel, on the sixteenth
of July, eighteen hundred and fifty, for an im-
provement in steam-boilers, be, and the same
is hereby, extended for seven years from and
after the sixteenth of July, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one: Provided, That all persons
that have engaged in the use or manufacture
of said invention, since the expiration of said
patent, shall be authorized to continue the
same notwithstanding the passage of this act.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLX.—An Act for the Relief of Har-
riet Spring, the Heir of Captain Williams
Baiker, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Harriet Spring, of Waterville, Maine, ttie heir
of Captain Williams Barker, of Waterville,
Maine, out of any money in the Treasuty not
otherwise appropriated, the half'pay of a cap-
tain from the end of the revolutionary war to
