4478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
appeal to him not to press it. I do not think
it can pass except upon considerable debate.
Senators should keep in mind that when you
undertake to meddle with any branch of our
complicated and extensive land system, you
undertake a very dangerous thing unless yon
do it upon most careful consideration and
after full examination and upon communica-
tion with the Land Office. We never do in
the Public Lands Committee deal with a bill
like this except under these circumstances, i
trust the Senator from Arkansas will not press
the bill as an amendment now.
Mr. RICE. I was under the impression
that the Committee on Public Lands had
reported this bill. I consulted with the chair-
man of that committee, and it was his impres-
sion that they had reported it. I understand
from him now that they have considered it.
Unless there is some point in the amendment
that is objectionable, I still do not see any
reason why it should not pas3. I cannot see
the slightest reason why it should not pass
as an amendment here unless it is objection-
able. The mere fact that the committee have
not made a formal report does not change tko
case at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. The first of those sec-
tions is indefinite as to time. It goes back to
any period since the homestead law or the
public-land system was first enacted. The next
is a complete subversion of the whole principle
of our public-land system, so far as it depends
upon actual entry. Now, sir, at this very ses-
sion we have taken a bill passed for the ben-
efit of our soldiers and sailors, and we have
amended it so as to require even from them
actual entry within a specified period. And
yet the Senator from Arkansas wants us in the
last hours of this session to pass a bill which
abrogates that essential principle. The third
section undertakes to validate all sorts of affi-
davits. Anything that is written on a piece
of paper and has a jurat to it is validated by
that section. 1 submit to my friend as a law-
yer that there can scarcely be any bill more
, dangerous than this one which he has pre-
sented at this late period of the session.
Mr. RICE. The question of time is the
point in the amendment. It goes back and
covers the time of the war when men could
not prove up their claims. It covers a great
number of loyal claimants in western Arkansas
that wore unable to comply with the home
stead act who had in good faith settled there.
The affidavits the Senator refers to are affida-
vits that were made at that time, and the per-
sons during the war either removed away,
were killed, or died, and their affidavits can-
not again be had, and that is the necessity for
having this enactment. It is the want of
being able to make again the proof which we
did make years ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas has referred to a conver-
sation with the chairman of the committee.
. With the indulgence of the Senate the Chair
will state that after this bill was considered in
committee it was laid aside for further con-
sideration, the majority not being for it at the
time. That was the action of the committee.
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose it
is quite proper that we should pass some bill
in relation to the States that are now entitled
to leceive their college land scrip; but the
amendment, that is presented by the Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] is upon an entirely
different matter, and will virtually destroy the
relief intended, because it cannot be supposed,
I think, by any Senator that a questiou of the
magnitude presented in that amendment will
be received and considered by the House be-
tween this and -six o'clock. Now, I take it
that the amendment that has already been
adopted is proper, and that the bill should not
be loaded down with anything further. I trust
if there is a disposition on the part of the Sen-
ate to afford the relief in the bill and the single
amendment that has been adopted, we will
adhere to that, and not load the bill down any
further.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to discuss
this amendment; but as the yeas and nays
have been ordered, I wish to say that my vote
against attaching it to this bill is not to be
considered as a vote upon the merits of the
amendment. It may be that the proposition
of the Senator from Arkansas is one for which
I would vote if I had an opportunity to invest-
igate it; but it would require a very careful
examination into the homestead law, and then
a very careful examination of the amendment,
and that I have had no opportunity, nor any
one else, so far as I know, except the mem-
bers of the Committee on Public Lands, to
make, and therefore I cannot in the dark,
without the recommendation of any commit-
tee, vote for his proposition. If it came np
independently, and I had an opportunity to
examine it, 1 do not know what might be my
opinion upon it. It might possibly be favor-
able.
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to re-
mark——
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make an inquiry
in reference to the effect of this bill, or one
feature of it, if the Senator from Nevada will
allow it. I am not sure that this is the bill;
but there is a bill on the Calendar which pro-
poses to authorize the Government to deliver
over to the State of Arkansas certain college
scrip held as security to secure the payment
of bonds in which Indian funds are invested,
on which the State of Arkansas is delinquent.
If this is the bill that proposes to effect that
result, I doubt very much the wisdom of
passing it.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment under
consideration now has no reference to that
subject. The bill is another thing. I wish
to say a word about this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
the one referred to by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. The body of the bill is the
one I refer to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But not the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Has the amendment been
reported ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator from
Nevada state the substaii ;o of the amend-
ment?
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a remark,
and theu the Senator will see how difficult it
would be to state the substance of it. I do
not think anybody can state its substance. I
do not understand the amendment, and that is
the reason I am opposed to it. I do not un-
derstand how it will operate. It is affecting
homestead settlers in such a manner that we
certainly ought to have a report of the land
department upon it before it is passed. I do
not know but there may be cases of the sort
referred to here that I should like to relieve,
but I have read this amendment very carefully
and it is impossible for me to comprehend it,
and I think it would be impossible for settlers
to'comprehend it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that
with the opposition there is to the amendment,
and also to the original bill by the Senator
from Iowa, we ought not to pass it without
due consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I am certain the amend-
ment ought not to be passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate will allow
me, I will move to lay the bill on the table so
that we may take up another bill which I
think we can pass. I move to lay this bill on
the table.
Mr HARLAN. I hope that will be done,
temporarily at least, so that 1 may have an
opportunity to read the bill over, and it may
be that then I shall have no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
had recognized the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scott] in reference to the bridge bill, but
this bill had been laid aside and was first to
be considered. Unless objection be made it
can be laid aside again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move thatit be laid on
the table and certainly that motion is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, that the bill be laid on the table.
The question being put, there were on di-
vision—ayes 15; noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. There does not seem to
be any objection to the original bill, but there
is objection to the amendment. Can we not
take a vote on the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mis-
taken. The Senator from Iowa says this scrip
is held in pledge for Indian trust funds, and
he thinks it would be wrong to turn it over to
the State of Arkansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not hear that
objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was so stated by the
Senator from Iowa, and that was the reason
why I made the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the Senator
from Iowa was objecting to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was objecting to the
original bill, and the Senator from Nevada was
objecting to the amendment. There seemed
to be serious objection to the whole of it,
and I thought it had better be laid aside.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better be
laid aside informally until Senators can look
at it.
Mr. SCOTT. If there is no objection to
laying that bill aside informally, f ask the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
bill I gave notice of a few moments ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania was recognized, and this
bill was taken up informally. If there is no
objection, this bill will now be laid aside in-
formally to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by the Senator froip Pennsyl-
vania, the Ohio bridge bill. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. BOREMAN. There is objection.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask leave to make a
report from the Committee on Commerce,
and I ask for the present consideration of the
report.
Mr. SCOTT. You cannot do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER; If that is
objected to, the Arkansas bill is before the
Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I object until we get this bill
oul. of the way, and then I want to take up the
bridge bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope every objec-
tion will be withdrawn to the motion made by
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania.
The bill which he desires to have considered
is one of great, public importance, and it ap-
pears to me that it ought to be acted upon
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again put the question to the Senate.
Senators who concur in laying aside this bill
informally, to proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, will say ay 
Mr. TRUMBULL. You cannot lay a bill
aside informally by a motion. If it is laid
aside, it must be laid on the table when there
is objection.
. Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to state to the
Senate that there is a contest about this bridge
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill is
not yet before the Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand that a part
