3582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
town, to defend the jail against the negroes.
He went in, aroused a magistrate, and in-
formed him of his suspicions. Although the
magistrate slept within one hundred and fifty
yards of the jail, the operation of taking
out the prisoners had been so noiselessly
performed that his slumbers had not been
disturbed. He directed Hughes to go up
street, ring the bell, and arouse the citizens.
Hughes went, and in the hotel found members
of a special citizens' police which had been
guarding the town, who informed him that the
negroes were not coming to the jail; that the
Ku Klux had been there, and had taken the
prisoners out. Upon hearing this, his ardor
subsided; he rang no bell; the citizens were
not aroused, and Hughes went home" with bis
gun. He was Stevens's brother-in-law. Some
days after that he was selected as the jailer,
and was in charge of the jail when the second
raid was made. On neither occasion were
the citizens aroused, although the special
police, who had been raised from apprehen-
sion of a negro rescue, were on duty.
Upon the trial of two men in court subse-
quently for another offense growing out of this,
a leading lawyer—and a Democrat—at that
bar, It. W. Shand, esq., took notesj and he
testifies that the evidence disclosed that one
of the men who were hanged by the Ku Klux,
Walker, a trial justice, arrested on suspicion,
was not with the militia at all, and that the
testimony did not justify the suspicion.
This, Mr. President, is a statement of a case
against criminals who were entitled to trial
by law. I come now to the statement of a
case involving an officer of the law.
In the county of Greene, Alabama, there
occurred in March, 1870, the murder of Alex-
ander Boyd, the prosecuting attorney of the
county, a case strongly illustrating the power
of this organization to execute its decrees even
upon an officer of the law, and to paralyze the
public voice and the authorities, a full corrob-
oration of Chancellor Clark's statement, that
" they keep quiet, for they might be convers-
ing with one of them in the street and not know
ir," and that "grand juries have been power-
less to bring auy one of that organization to
justice.'*
The facts are these ; a man named Snoddy
was killed, and three negroes were arrested for
the murder, named Henry Miller, Sam Cald-
well, and Sam Colvin. Colonel Jolly, who
defended them on the preliminary hearing,
(page 265,) says that Miller and Caldwell were
committed for trial, and Colvin was discharged.
Miller and Caldwell escaped from jail, and it
was understood that in some way Miller had
been taken and killed. Colvin, who was the
father of Caldwell, (Caldwell taking his former
master's name,) was afterward killed by dis-
guised men.
It was asserted that Mr. Boyd made declara-
tions to the effect that he had evidence in his
possession to show who were the murderers
of Colvin, and that he intended at the then
approaching term of court to prosecute them
vigorously, and to hold over the grand jury
for the purpose of doing so. He was a single
man, and boarded and lodged in the hotel on
the public square in Eutaw, the county town.
About eleven o'clock on the night of the 31st
of March a band of disguised men, estimated
generally at twenty-five, rode into the town,
formed in front of the hotel, detached a squad
whowent in, compelled the clerk to show them
to Boyd's room, and there deliberately mur-
dered him, putting two balls through his fore-
head, and several through other parts of his
body, (page 298.)
At the time this was done there were in the
town the ministers and elders of a presbytery
then holding its sessions, (page 258.) The
sheriff was at the hotel a very short time after
Boyd was killed. There were yet persons on
the street. The town contains, according to
the census, a population of 1,920; but no
alarm was given. The sheriff made no effort
to call a posse, offered no reward, took no
steps then or afterward to follow or detect the
murderers. The people remained in their
beds unaware of the occurrence until the next
morning, and when communicated to one wit-
ness, Mr. Pierce, a member of the bar and
afterward mayor of the town, it was in such
manner that he supposed his informant was
seeking to make an April-fool of him, (page
298.)
Boyd was buried the next* day after he was
killed. No meeting of the bar was called, and
not a member of it attended his funeral, (page
300.) So fixed and so certain is it that he was
a victim of the Ku Klux, that Mr. Pierce
states his friends had plaeed upon his tomb-
stone, u Murdered by the Ku Klux," (page
301.) At the next court the grand jury in-
vestigated the case, and their finding was, that
they were unable to identify anybody con-
nected with it, but that the parties who com-
mitted the murder were traced on their way
home to Pickens county. The impression
seems almost universal that the men who did
it came from some other county, some even
stating that they came from Mississippi; and,
strange as it may seem, it is also conceded, in
the face of this, that the cause of his murder
was the declaration of his intention to prose-
cute the murderers of Colvin, which could
affect only persons in Greene county, show-
ing that the organization in Mississippi is in
full sympathy and communication with the
organization in Alabama. The occurrences
in South Carolina to which I have referred
had taken place before the sub-committee
visited that State. When there, ascertaining
the fearful extent to which these lawless acts
had been perpetrated with impunity, members
of that sub-committee were impressed with the
belief that if, after the community was made
aware of them, there was any recurrence of
violence, no other remedy than the most
stringent one would suffice to bring the perpe-
trators to justice, and to prevent scenes of
bloody retaliation.
Subsequently, after beingapprised of an out-
rage occurring, as was alleged, in Spartan-
burg county, which afterward proved to
have been in Union county near the line of
Spartanburg, and of the destruction of a
school-house in York county, the President's
attention was called to the facts developed
before the committee and to these renewals of
violence after their visit, and to the necessity
of exercising the power vested in him by the
act of April 20, 1871. Instead of at once act-
ing on this information, as we now learn from
the President's message communicated to the
House of Representatives, he instituted fur-
ther inquiry through the Attorney General,
and upon information obtained through that
inquiry, he did exercise that power, and after
pioclamation suspended the privilege of the
writ in the counties of Spartanburg, Union,
York, Lancaster, Chester, Fairfield, Laurens,
and Newberry, in South Carolina. This was
after a term of court had been held in York
county and the subject given in charge of the
grand jury. The presiding judge of that cir-
cuit, Judge Thomas, had requested of me as
the chairman of the committee the informa-
tion communicated to the President as to York
county. I referred him to Major Merrill, the
commander of the United States troops at
Yorkville, and requested him to give all the
aid in his power to any investigation directed
by the court. I regret that I cannot incorpo-
rate here the whole report of Major Merrill
made to his superior officer, but his account
of the proceedings of the court, of the suspen-
sion of the writ, and of the scenes which fol-
lowed it, gives a better idea of the true state
of facts than any words of mine can give,
and I make room for an "extract. Referring
to the investigation of the grand jury, he
says:
"After spending six days in the effort to discredit
my reports they spent fourdays in apretended exam-
ination of what now proves to have been a carnival
of crime not paralleled in the history of any civilized
community. I offered them a mass of information in
regard to hundreds of crimes, none of which they ex-
amined with more than tne most transparent pre-
tense of getting at the facts. The whole effort ap-
peared to be to devise some means of avoiding the
knowledge which, when they finally asked for the
means of obtaining, was so easily to be had that it
required more skill to evade it than to find what the
facts were. In doing this the few members of the
grand jury who were really solicitous to discharge
their duty were browbeaten and overruled by the
rest, especially by two or three who were members
of the Ku Klux. It even went so far in the effort to
get rid of the pertinacity of that, part of the jury
which was disposed to do right that caucuses of part
of the jury were held in which it was so managed
that these men were not present.
" The whole.conduct of their duty was so broad a
farce that it was very distasteful to toe forced in con-
tact with it, and present developments show it to
have been the most ghastly mockery of justice that
it is possible to conceive.
"If any other evidence were needed of the fact
that the body of the local civil authorities is either
in complicity with the Ku Klux conspiracy or intim-
idated by it, it is to be found in the fact, which low
appears, that at least three of the justices of the peace
(called trial justices) have been members of the Ku
Klux, and that at least one third of the white mem-
bers of the grand and petit juries at the last term of
court were members, and among the number some
who were officers of high grade in the order, and at
least two of the number haviug been accessory to
Ku Klux murders.
"In view of this, it is small wonder that eleven
murders, and more than six hundred cases of whip-
ping, and other brutal outrages b.v theKu Klux, have
to this day gone unnoticed, and their authors un-
wbipped of justice, so far as any serious effort of
the local authorities has been concerned.
" Immediately subsequent to the adjournment of
the court, I went to Columbia, to confer with the
district attorney, and endeavor to concert some
means of bringing better things about in this sec-
tion. It was evident that the means at my command
(which were limited to moral influences, and to
giving aid to the victims in advising the legal
methods of seeking redress) were utterly inadequate
to meet the secret power of the KuKiux, rightly
called by themselves the Invisible Empire, ior a
more absolute and tyrannical control than they held
over the whole people where they existed has never
been exercised by human power, I was hopeless of
the possibility of ordinary means being made equal
to the destruction of the conspiracy, but I was so
fully impressed with the danger, not only to this sec-
tion, but to the whole country, of permitting it to
go on unchecked, that I was unwilling to spare any
effort to break it up, or e~ven to check it.
"I here received your noticethatthehonorable the
Attorney General would shortly come to Yorkville
to investigate the facts, and to endeavor to devise
some means for the repression of the organization.
I met him in Columbia, and aftersome conference
with him there, returned with him to Yorkville,
accompanied also by United States District Attorney
Corbin.
"A comparison of the evidence in the possession
of the Attorney General with the facts which I had
long been collecting, convinced hiui that the worst
reports which had been heretofore made of the
power and of the infernal purpose and conduct of
the order fell far short of the facts. It has since
become evident that what at that time would, even
by those persons most familiar with the facts, have
been deemed the wildest exaggeration, fails short
of the truth. The facts as now found are astound-
ing, and it is impossible to make even the most
temperate statement of them without risk of being
suspected ot exaggeration.
"The warning proclamation and the proclama-
tion suspending the writ of habeas corpus followed
close upon the report of the Attorney General of the
facts; but even before this,and, indeed, on the very
day of his arrival, many of the Ku Klux leaders,
suspecting that measures were being devised to
bring them to justice, and with the cowardice which
has characterized all their infamous ciimes, fled,
leaving their poorer followers and ignorant dupes
to stand sponsors for the crimes of which they had
been the chief authors and instigators.
"Two days after the telegraphic notification of
the suspension of the writ of habeas corput, by
direction of the Attorney General, I began effecting
the arrest of such persons as he had evidence to
show were guilty of crime, and whose arrest ho
directed. The troops were so disposed that a large
number of arrests were effected simultaneously over
the county. The effect of this, coupled with the
fact that it was instantly apparent to the Ku Klux
tnat no blow was struck in the dark, and no airests
made at random or on mere suspicion, was surpris-
ing. The rank and file were bewildered and demor-
alized. Looking about for their chiefs and counsel-
ors, and finding that to get orders or advice they
must so to them in jail or follow their flight, they
recognized the fact that the game was up, that the
organization was broken, and all over the country
they betook themselves to flight or came in and
surrendered.
" The subsequent scenes have been such as makes
one hope it will never be possible to parallel in our
country. Conspirators against the% well-being ol
society, of every grade of criminality, have come
in and surrendered by the score. Day after day,
for weeks, men came in in such numbers that ume
to hear them confess and means to dispose of or
