1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
3583
take care of them both failed, and I -was powerless
to do anything more than secure the persons of
those most deeply criminal, and send the rest to
their homes on their personal parole to be forth-
coming when called for. In some instances whole
Klaus, headed by their chief, came in and surren-
dered together.
" Those arrested and those who have surrendered
are of every social grade, from the highest to the
lowest, including representatives of all the liberal
professions, even ministers of the gospel. When it
is stated that these men amongtheirnumber include
those who confessed every crime known to the law,
the state of society in which such facts are possible
must be left to the imagination to depict; it is im-
possible to describe it." * * * * *
'* In«short, the conspiracy may be stated to have
practically included the whole white community
within the ages when active participation in public
affairs was possible. Those who were not sworn
members, were greatly in the minority, and were of
only three classes: such as applauded and approved
the purposes of the organization without being will-
ing to join its ranks, to approve its grosser crimes,
or to take the chances for punishment for being
accessory to them; second, such as sympathized
with its objects, but feebly objected to its crimes,
more because of their inexpediency than of their
wickedness; and, third, and by far the smallest
class, those who had. no sympathy with its objects,
or anything but condemnation for its acts, but who
had come to learn that security from personal indig-
nity required silence. The latter class are not to be
entirely condemned for lack of moral courage, when
it is understood that the secret influence was so
powerful and all-pervading that no one felt safe
either in person or property in denouncing it. And
when it is known, as it is now proved to be the fact,
that in numberless instances the crimes were com-
mitted upon persons whom the perpetrators had
never known, even by name, and in which the acts
were done in blind obedience to orders from indi-
viduals in higher authority in the organization, it
will not excite surprise that few white men were
willing to become martyrs to a sense of duty, espe-
cially when it was evident to them that they could
wield no effective influence toward controlling the
conspiracy. Martyrs have alwavs been scarce, and
a large crop of them was hardly to be looked for
where the average conscience of the community was
either benumbed by passion or overpowered by
force " * * * * # * * *
"The total white voters of the county are about
twenty-three hundred, of whom a small majority
live in that part of the county from which most of
the surrenders have come.
"From these facts, I think the number of sworn
members of the organization in the wholo county is
underestimated when placed at eighteen hunircd.
" Such astate of facts shows thatat the time of the
suspension of the writ, York county was in point of
fact an armed camp, and that it was not for wan t of
power to do it, bat because the flight of the leaders
made organized resistance hopeless, that danger of
this kind was not encountered. Had it been at-
tempted, and the organization used its strength,
with its leaders present to direct it, while there
could bo no question as to the final event, there
would have been needed much more force than I
had at command to enforce any arrests that might
have been attempted.
" X am convinced, too, that the moral enect of tho
suspensiou of the writ had much to do with the
complete collapse of the organization.
These persons were held for trial in the
circuit court afc Columbia. The grand jury afc
the close of the term made the following pre-
sentment, and I call attention to this present-
ment, after having given the state of affairs as
described in York county by Colonel Merrill,
as showing that the same state of affairs
existed in a number of counties in South
Carolina. I read the presentment made Jan-
uary 11, 1872:
"To the jwiges of the United States circuit court:
41 In closing up the labors of the present term, the
grand jury beg leave to submit the following pre-
sentment: during the whole session we have been
engaged in investigations of the most grave and
extraordinary character—investigation of the crimes
committed by the organization known as the Ku
IGux Klan. The evidence elicited has been volum-
inous, gathered from the victims themselves and
their families, as well as those who belong to the
Klan and participated in its crimes, the jury has
been shocked beyond measure at the developments
which have been made in their presence of the num-
ber and character of the atrocities committed, pro-
ducing a state of terror and a sense of utter insecur-
ity among a large portion of the people, especially
the colored population. .
" The evidence produced before us has estaoiisfiea
the following facts: # . .
"1. That there has existed, since 1868, in many
counties of the State, an organisation known as
the Ku Klux Klan, or 'Invisible Empire of the
South/which embraces in its membership a large
proportion of the white population of every profes-
S1"X^ThaUhis Klan is bound together by an oath
administered toils members at tho time of.their
initiation into tho order, of which the followin* is
a copy."
I have already read that, and I will not
repeat it.
"That in addition to this oath the Klan has a con-
stitution and by-laws, which provide, among other
things, that each member shall furnish himself with
a pistol, a Ku Klux gown, and a signal instrument.
That the operations of the Kian wer* executed in
the night, and wore invariably directed against
members of the Republican party by warnings to
leave the country, by whippings, and oy murder.
''3. That in large portions of the counties of York,
Union, and Spartanburg, to which our attention
has been more particularly called in our investiga-
tion, during part of tho time for the last eighteen
months civil law has been setatdefiance, and ceased
•to afford any protection to the citizens.
44 4. That the Klan, in carrying out the purposes
for which it was organized and armed, inflicted sum-
mary vengeance on the colored citizens of these
counties by breaking into their houses at the dead
of night, dragging them from their bods, torturing
them in the most inhuman manner, and in many
instances murdering them, and this mainly on ac-
count of their political affiliations. Occasionally
additional reasons operated, but in no instance was
the political reason wanting,
"5. That for this condition of things, for all these
violations of law and order, and tho sacred rights .of
citizens, many of the leading men of those counties
were responsible. It was proven that large numbers
of the most prominent citizens were members of tho
order. Many of this class attended meetings of tho
Grand Klan. At a meeting of the Grand Kian, hold
in Spartanburg county,'at.which there were repre-
sentatives from the various Klans of Spartanburg,
York, Union, and Chester counties in this State,
besides a number from North Carolina, a resolution
was adopted that no raids should be undertaken, or
any one whipped or injured by members of the Klan,
without orders from the Grand Klan. The penalty
for violating this resolution was one hundred lashes
on the bare back for the first offense, and for the
second, death. This testimony establishes the na-
ture of the discipline enforced in the order, and also
the fact that many of tho men who were openly and
publicly speaking against the Klan, and pretending
to deplore the work of this murderous conspiracy,
were influential members of the order, and directing
its operations even in detail.
" Tne jury has been appalled as much at the num-
ber of the outrages as their character, it appearing
that eleven murders and oversixhundrod whippings
have been committed in York county alone. Our
investigations in regard to the other countie? named
have been less full; but it is believed from the testi-
mony that an equal or greater number has been
committed in Union, and that tho number is not
greatly less in Spartanburg and Laurens.
"We are of opinion that the most vigorous prose-
cution of the parties implicated in these crimes is
imperatively demanded; that without this there is
great danger that theso outrages will bo continued,
and that there will be no security to fellow-citizens
of African dcscent.
" We would say further that unless the strong arm
of the G-overnuient is interposed to punish these
crimes committed upon this class of ciiizens, there
is every reason to beliuve that an organized and
determined attempt at retaliation will be made,
which can only result in a state of anarchy and
bloodshed too horrible to contemplate."
At that term of the court true bills were
found against seven hundred and eighty-five
defendants, there being about five hundred
defendants in all, as some of them were named
in several bills. Of these, five were convicted
upon trial; fifty-three pleaded guilty, and tlie
others could not be tried and were held over.
Several of them have since been tried and
others have pleaded guilty, as I am informed,
at Charleston in the circuit court. The evi-
dence elicited at those trials leaves no doubt
of the existence of the order, and its purposes
as elsewhere described, and also of the inter-
course of its members through the several
States. Let me quote from the testimony of
Kirkland L. Gunn, a witness who was exam-
ined in these trials in Columbia, South Caro-
lina :
" Kirkland L. Sunn. .
"By Mr. Cobbin. Wo have no objection to asking
the general question^ First, what was the obligation
and purpose of tho Klan ? t
" Answer. The obligation, sir, that I took was that
I should not divulge any part of the secrets ot tne
Klan that I had joined, and it was for tho purpose
of putting down .Radical rule and negro suiirage.
„ * * * * * * * "
"By Mr. Corbin. Mr. Gunn, you have stated the
general purposes of the order. Now, will you pleaso
state to tho jury, how those purposes were to be car-
ried into effect? , . . , ,
-Aniwer. Well, sir, that is known, I think ; but
the way I was told that they were gome to carry this
into effect was by killing off the white Radicals, and
by whipping and intimidating the negroes so as to
keep them from voting for any men who held ItadiciM
offices
"By the Court. State what was done in pursuance
of the object of the order? What was done pursu-
ant to the purpose of the order as you have stated it
according to your knowledge?
"Answer. Their principle was to whip such men
as thoy called Radicals, and men who were ruining
the negro population, &cM and they murdered some.
'Question Well, Mr.Gunn, whon did they do this;
night-time or day-time?
Answer, In tho night, sir.
"Question, Whether the organization was armed
according to the by-laws?
"Anttwer, Yessirj they were armed.
"Question. What wero their arms?
'vUawen Most generally pistols; sometimes shot-
guns, muskets. &c.
"Question, What is the Ku Klux gown referred to
in the by-laws ?
"vlnsuw. It is a large gown wade—all that ever I
saw was made of some solid colored goods: I don't
know what the color was; it looked dark in the night;
I never saw a gown in daylight.
"Question. What were these gowns worn for?
"Jbufwer. To disguise the person, sir.
"Question. Were the purposes of the order to bo
carried out with the disguise on?
"Aneioer, Yes, sir.
"Question. When the Klan was assembled to pros-
ecute any of its purposes, such as whipping and kill-
ing, were they disguised or not?
Answer. Always, sir.
"Question, Now, Mr. Gunn, can you tell us any-
thing about the extent of this general conspiracy,
this organization, not only in York county, but
beyond tho limits of York county, or beyond the
limits of this State?
"ylnwer. I mot tho samo order in Georgia, sir. I
don't know anything about it beyond York county,
in this State.
"Question. You met it in Georgia. Whatcountics
in Georgia?
"Answer. 1 found it in Whitolield county, and
Catoosa.
"Question. Bid you attend meotings ever in Geor-
gia?
"Answer* I did, sir.
"Question. What counties?
"Answer, Tho first meeting was in Catoosa county.
"Question. What were they doing over in Georgia
to carry out this conspiracy?
"Answer. Tho meeting that I was at last was to
raise money for tho purpose of sending to South
Carolina, tncy told uie.
"Question. For what purpose?
MyU«wer. For paying lawyers' fees and paying
witnesses to go to court. [Laughter, j
" Mr. Johnson, (*otto voce.) 1 hope they raised it.
" Mr. Stanbkry, (sotto voce.) Thatisoneouraging.
"Mr. Coiuun, {sotto voce.) 1 should think that
would be comforting information to you.
" Question. The wholo matter discussed in the
meeting?
"Anmoer. Yes, sir.
"Quptttion. Taking care of tho Ku Klux brethren in
this State, wero they ?
"Answer, Yes, sir.
" Question, Was money raised ?
" A iixwer. There was, sir.
" Question, liaised it for sending on here ?
" Answer. Thoy told me that was the purpose.
" Question. Money paid in?
"Answer, Yes, sir.'*
The cases I have given and this testimony
show the effect of this organization upon its
victims. Now, I desire very briefly to call at-
tention to its effects upon its members, and I
do it in but one case; but it will, I think,
satisfy any one that it is idle to talk about
demoralization and corruption in the southern
States 'Among the negroes or in any party,
when it is apparent that in South Carolina
and in a number of these States theie is an
organization which in its consequences would
lead every man to distrust his neighbor and
destroy all confidencein every judicial tribunal.
I refer to the printed testimony on page 1342
for the purpose of making two or three very
brief extiacts from the evidence of a Dr.
Bratton. Dr. Bratton, let me state, was tho
leading physician in York county, South
Carolina. He had the largest, practice of any
physician in the county; a man of culture, a
man ofintelligence, a man probably, according
to my recollection of his appearance, from
forty to forty-five years of age. He was called
before the committee when they were jn York,
and I will now read a few brief extracts irom
his testimony for the purpose of quoting after-
ward the truth in regard to him. Hie first
question that I read is this:
"Our purpose is to inquire into the security of
life, person, and property through this county, ana
tho manner in which the laws arc executed, llavo
you any knowledge of any offenses against the law,
or against the security of person and property, that
have not been redressed in tho ordinary courts of
*U"^ #wer. I havo no personal knowledge of any-
