1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
and pay" a certain sum of money. If white
school children, l'or instance, have a difficulty
with colored children who may be in the
school, they are to be punished by indictment
in the Federal courts. Instead of going to a
police court, where such cases are properly
cognizable, an indictment is to be framed, they
are to be tried, they are to be punished by the
Federal courts, and taken for that purpose
from one extreme of the State to another.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
himself, I think, will admit it to be a settled
principle of law, that if the Federal courts
have cognizance of these cases, the State courts
cannot have; so that for every little petty mis-
demeanor of school children the State courts
can afford no redress. Or suppose an indi-
vidual is excluded from a theater; it may be
on account of his color or it may be for any
other cause, yet that matter is to be decided
in the same way, in only one court in a State,
and that a Federal court. Now, I submit that
it was never intended that the right of the
States to control and adjudicate such ques-
tions should be given up in that, way. Remem-
ber, that if the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution has taken away the right of the
States to regulate their own domestic concerns
in their own way, and conferred this jutisdic-
tion upon the Federal courts, a mere repeal of
this law would not afterward give that right
back to the States. If the Constitution has
given it to the Federal Government it cannot
be taken away, and the States are forever
deprived of this right. If the United States
can, under the fourteenth amendment, punish
white people for infringing the rights of coioi ed
people, why can they not punish white people
for infringing the rights of white people? Cer-
tainly they have a right to protect all classes,
and if they can protect the colored people, and
if the right belongs exclusively to the. United
States to protect colored people, it belongs in
an equal degree to the United States to pro-
tect the white people also. So the Federal
Government may assume the entire control of
this matter; it may punish for all offenses,
wherever they may arise and whoever may be
injured. It is because of this infraction of
State rights ; it is because it takes away the
privileges that the States have had from time
immemorial; it is because it confers these
rights upon a distant tribunal, that 1 oppose
the proposition before the Senate.
But, Mr. President, there is another reason.
Why will these colored people not go where
they have laws to protect their rights, and
have the offenders punished when their rights
may be transgressed ? I beg to call attention
to a letter that was read the other day by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts to show
that all these wrongs are merely imaginary.
This is the letter:
"Hon. Charles Sumner, United State? Senate:
"DeakSir: I am a colored man, resident of the
State of Arkansas.
" I have seen and experienced much of the dis-
abilities which rest upon my race and people from
the mere accident of color. Grateful to God and the
.Republicans ol thus country (or our emancipation
and the recognition of our citizenship, I am never-
theless deeply impressed with the necessity for fur-
ther legislation in order lor the peifeetion of our
rights as American citizens.
"I am also thoroughly persuaded that this needed
legislation should come from the national Congress,
"Local or State legislation will necessarily be par-
tial mid vacillating. Besides, our experience is to
the eifect that the local State governments are unre-
liable for the enforcement of execution of laws for
this purpose.
'' In Aikansas, for example, a statute was enacted
by the Genera I Assembly of 1S0S for the purpose of
securing the equal rights of colored persons upon
steamboats, railroads, and public thorough fares gen-
erally. The provision-; of tho statute were deemed
good, if not entirely sufficient; yet to the present
lime gross ind'gnities continue to bo perpetrated
upon colored travelers, men and women, while those
charged under oath to see the laws faithfully exe-
cuted look on with seeming heartless indifference,
while the law remains a dead letter on the statute-
book."
It seems that here is the State of Arkansas,
that has a Legislature, a Governor and judges,
all of the republican party, and there are
Senators here representing that State on the
floor of the Senate. Since 1868 that State has
been, as I say, entirely under the control of
the Kepublican party. A Republican Legis-
lature passed these laws; they have judges of
their own selection ; and yet they say thattheir
own people will not enforce these laws. Now,
can they have any right to call upon us? Have
they a right to call on the State of Massachu-
setts to surrender up her local legislation and
her own laws, merely to afford them redress
when they will not do it themselves ? Why do
they not administer their laws? Will it be
any better for them if the United States courts
take cognizance of cases of this kind? Sup-
pose this measure become a law, are the col-
ored people of Arkansas any more protected
than now when their own judges are amenable
to the voters there? Why cannot these col-
ored people go and bring suits in their own
State courts? Will their judges not decide
properly? Are the jurors of that State false
to their trust? If so, you cannot correct the
evil by sending all such cases to a single Fed-
eral court in a State, and making every col-
ored man for an infraction of his rights go to
that court and there prosecute his case. They
must do something for themselves. It will not
do for them to call on Jupiter for assistance
and yet not lend any aid themselves. They
ought to study the fable, that he who will do
nothing but pray can never expcct that his
wrongs will be redressed. He must do some-
thing for himself; he must remember that—
"Who would be free, themselves must strike the
blow/'
Not that they should go to warfare, but they
should do something; they should see that their
officers of whom they complain are turned out
and better ones put in.
The very fact that the State of Arkansas
passed those laws in 18G8, when the fourteenth
amendment was adopted, shows really that
they supposed they had a right to redress
those wrongs in their own local tribunals. It
was not then their belief that the Federal
Government alone could take cognizance of
cases of this kind; else why did they pass that
statute? I have been told by a Senator from
Louisiana that the same laws are there ; and
so in South Carolina. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi who is now absent, the other day, in
his argument, said they had the same laws
there. Now, I again put this question : why
should every State in the Union that enforces
these laws and accords tocolored people equal
rights with the whites, give up all those rights,
give them up forever, merely to accommodate
a few persons who may be indifferent to their
own rights at home?
These are the objections I have to the bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts. It takes
away from the people the right to decide ques-
tions in their local tribunals. Instead of the
courts that act being amenable to the people,
amenable to those who are injured, they are
distant; the Federal courts are away ftom
them. When anyone is iujured he cannot call
to account those whom he selects to office.
But if on the other hand these wrongs are
punished and redressed in the State courts,
then when anyone is injured he sees to it that
the ofheer is displaced and that a new one is
elected who will discharge his duties better.
When the colored people have all this power
in their own hands, why will they not exercise
it, if indeed its exercise be really needed?
I am unwilling, for these reasons, Mr. Pres-
ident, to give tip the rights that theStates have
merely to redress imaginary wrongs. I think,
for the reasons 1 have stated, it will be seen
that the colored people themselves are not to
be benefited by it in any way, wbile a great
injury will be inflicted on the people wherever
these laws are in force in the distance they
will have to travel to the courts, in the ex-
pense they will necessarily incur in the pros-
ecutions, and above all in allowing this enter-
ing wedge to be made which will in time take
away and destroy all the right that th© Slates
now have to punish wrongs in their own courts.
They had that right and they ought to have it,
unless some good reason can be given why we
should take it away.
A question was propounded by the Senator
from Wisconsin of this kind to the Senator
from Connecticut: suppose the State of Mis-
sissippi should pass a law abolishing all pun-
ishment for the crime of murder, would it not
be the duty of the United States to interfere
to protect the people there? Mr. President,
it is hardly proper for that honorable Senator
to suppose a case of that kind, to suppose
that a State will at once abdicate all its rights
as a State, to suppose that it is not going to
protect its own people from wrong of that kind.
It is a thing which we have not the right to
suppose at all. When has any State abdicated
these rights of self-government? Is there any
State that has ever abolished all punishment
for murder or for any other crime? Not one ;
and I think it is unjust to suppose any of the
States will ever do it. But if the State of Mis-
sissippi should be so far forgetful of its duty to
its own citizens its to abolish the punishment
for the crime of murder, they themselves must
suffer the wrong, they themselves must learn
in time to redress the wrongs of their people.
The Government of the United States has no
right in that case, simply because one State
neglects its duty, to pass a general law for the
punishment of crimes in every State. W e must
remember that our laws are to he unifoim
throughout the United States. If Congress
has the right to punish crime in the State of
Mississippi, it has and it is the duty of this
body to pass a law making that crime punish-
able in every other State. We cannot select
one State and say that the Constitution of-the
United States applies to punishing crimes in
one State and not in another. The laws must
be uniform everywhere, and they must be car-
ried into effect in the State of New York and
the State of Massachusetts as well as in the
State of Mississippi or elsewhere. I say even
on the supposition that any State would be
derelict in its duty and fail to pass a law, it
would not justify the United States iu making
a general criminal code for all the States.
There is another ground of objection.
There cannot be any divided jurisdiction in
this matter. In regard to all crimes made
punishable by the Federal Government, the
State courts necessarily must cease jurisdiction
over them. There is no concurrent jurisdic-
tion. The Federal Government cannot punish
and the State courts punish too; and if the
Federal courts undertake to punish these
crimes, then, at once, the jurisdiction of the
State conns ceases. Are we now prepared to
accede to the doctrine that in case the United
States courts punish for riot, as it seems a law
passed at the last session of the present Con-
gress authorized, necessarily the State courts
have no right to do that? The Constitution
itself provides that in all cases, where the
jurisdiction arises under the Constitution, tho
Federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction over
offenses of that kind. So 1 say that if the
Federal courts have a right to punish riot, if
they have a right to punish murder, if they
have a right to punish any other crime, so far
the State courts'have ceased their jurisdiction,
so far State rights have been abrogated, so far
they have been annulled. It is because of this
conclusion, it is because Congress is assuming
jurisdiction in so many cases, that I think we
should pause before we go further.
We see bills here presented authorizing the
United States to take cognizance of the edu
cation of the youth of the country. \\ e tee
bills presented and reported here authoiizing
the United States courts to have cognizance of'
all corporations. It is proposed to pass corpo-
ration laws, to pass education laws, and there
have even been petitions presented that we
shall take cognizance of the selling of liquors
and the granting of licenses to sell liquors in
