1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm-
in the case of scientific and philosophical
apparatus for colleges, which was for ail col-
leges and for all people who bought salt and
cared fish with it. It was not confined to
philosophical apparatus, or to salt used within
certain metes and bounds, but the terms of
the law were that all philosophical apparatus
imported for the use of colleges should be
exempt from duty. The terms of the other
were to refund duties where they had been
paid, or to remit duties where the property had
been destroyed; but here is a law which pro-
vides what? Mark- the language of the sec-
ond section:
"There shall be allowed and paid"—
And, as I have said, if this is an appro-
priation, to whom is the appiopriation made?
There is no provision who is to receive it. An
appropriation usually pmbodies the idea of a
designation of the person who is to make the
payment, of the person who is to receive it,
and of the amount that is to be paid. Those
are the three ideas of an appropriation; some
certainty as to the person making it, the per-
son receiving it, and the amount,; but here is
simply that—
" There shall be allowed and paid, under such reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe, on all materials imported, to be and actually
used in buildings erected on the sice ot' buildings
burned by said fire, a drawback of the import duties
paid on the same."
It may be that after these duties shall
have been paid we could pass a law saying
that the Secretary of the Treasury should pay
a certain amount out of the Treasury equal
to the amount that these persons had paid as
import duties. It might be adjudged for the
general welfare that we pass an appropriation
bill of that kind. Congress is to be the judge
whether we are appropriating as much for the
general welfare when we tuke means to build
up Chicago as when we build a port on a lake.
We are to be the judges of that; but here is
a law which does not contemplate a specilic
appropriaiion of money that is in the Treas-
ury with which Chicago shall be rebuilt, but
which contemplates making an exception in
the revenue laws which will prevent that money
from ever being in the Treasury to be appro-
priated.
Mr. BOREMAN. I took occasion to in-
quire of the officers of the Treasury the pro-
cess, and they stated to me that the money
actually „goes into the Treasury when draw-
backs are allowed, and then is paid out in
the ordinary way upon warrants. That is my
understanding.
Mr. SCOTT. That is, the import duties
received by the collector at Chicago are ear-
marked when they go into the sub-Treasury
at Chicago, so much paid for duties by John
Smith. John Smith in the course of six
months files hisaffidavit with the Secretary of
the Treasury,swearing that these materials went
into house on lot No. 600 Lincoln avenue, in
Chicago, or whatever the location may be, and
therefore John Smith gets back identically the
same money that he put into the Treasury when
the articles came iu. To borrow the classic
language of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] who is always classical, there is
no use in whipping the devil around the stump
on this subject, [laughter.] It is a plain prop-
osition that for one year to come the territory
known as the burnt district of Chicago shall
be exempt from paying the duties on building
materials which are paid by all other ports of
the United States. That is the plain English
of it, and much as we may wish to help
Chicago, as the Senator from Wisconsin said,
we cannot help Chicago to our own hurt. If
we believe that this is plainly and clearly a
violation of the constitutional provision, then
do not let us help Chicago in this way ; but if
there are sufferers in Chicago, as there are if
$500,000 of an appropriation will help poor
men to build their houses, let them have the
$500,000, and let those who are sufferers get
it; but this bill, if we look at it for a moment,
will help men who are worth more perhaps
than any man in the Senate.
I know that calamities fall upon men. I know
that calamities are common to all mankind;
but some calamities come which leave the suf-
ferers iu better condition perhaps than those
who have never had any calamity of the kind.
And there may be a man in Chicago to-day,
perhaps there is one, who was worth $3,000,000
on the night before the fire and is oniy worth
$1,000,000 now; but that is no reason why
we should vote him his share of $500,000 when
there are a thousand people about him not
worth $500, who suffered by the fire also.
Let us help those who need it. If we are to
be asked for charity, if we are to be asked for
sympathy, if we are to be asked for aid, let
that aid go to the sufferers, and I will be will-
ing to make the appropriation as large as
either of the Senators from Illinois for that
purpose. But instead of helping only those
who need help, this bill as it now stands will
help the men who are rich enough to import
French plate-glasses eleven feet high, to build
their houses; it will help them to build marble
fronts and iron fronts, and all other kinds of
costly structures, just as much as it will the
lowly laborer who lost his shanty and wants
money enough to bu\' lumber to rebuild it in
some remote corner of the city.
As the bill now stands, two features of it are
for the relief of Chicago; the second section
is not substantially for the relief of Chicago,
but it asks us to set a precedent which will
come back to plague us. Pire and flood and
calamity of all kinds befall men. They are
not confined to the shores of the lake or to the
banks of the river. They spread over the wide
prairies and through the forests of Michigan
and Wisconsin, and the wail of suffering comes
up from'them as well as from burning cities.
The wail of suffering comes up in many cases
even from the victims of unjust acts of legis-
lators. We have the cry coming into this
Chamber that there has been public robbery
in great cities and in southern Common-
wealths ; that the just people are suffering
from the exactions of unjust men; and if Con-
gress is to reach out its hand and remedy all
the evils men are subject to, we may as well
relieve those who have been robbed by unjust
legislators, and those who have been the vic-
tims of robbery or crime in any other form of
violence, as well as those who have suffered
by flood and by fire. Thus we would have
our revenue laws patched and tattered accord-
ing to the calamities of the United States,
instead of having that uniformity which the
founders of the Government said they should
have. The taxes of the Government were to
come like the rains of heaven, on the just and
the unjust alike. They were to be borne by
all sections alike when, they were custom
duties and excises, and they were to be borne
by the people according to numbers when they
were direct taxes. Thus it is written.
It may be that the gushing sympathy of Con-
gress under the lead of a Senator to whom it
was impossible to refuse anything did put on
the statute-book in I860 a law which is in
terms a violation of the Constitution ; but if
that be so, is it not better to recedc uow when
our attention is called to it, than to set another
precedent that may come back to plague us?
This is the reason that I started the constitu-
tional objection to this bill.
Now, sir, having said this much, I say again
that if you can, instead of bringing up this bill
in such a shape as to require us to violate the
Constitution, make an adequate provision for
an appropriation, and an appropriation which
will go to the suffering and to the needy in
Chicago, you shall have my vote for it; but
with this second section in the bill, I cannot
support it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, as I shall feel
compelled to vote against this bill unless the
second section is stricken out of it, I desire
in two or three words to give my reasons for
that vote. I suppose Imight defend or jastiff
my vote under the instructions which have
been issued to me by the Legislature of the
State that I represent here. I do not care,
however, to take shelter under those instruc-
tions, for if the Legislature of the State had
been utterly silent on the question, I should
still vote against this provision of the bill.
More than that, I am so certain that that pro-
vision is utterly wrong that I am inclined to
think if the Legislature of the State of Wis-
consin had instructed me to vote for it I
should have declined to obey.
I suppose I might justify the vote I shall
give upon the view I take of the constitution-
ality of the measure; and I might, I think,
defend that view by restating the argument
which has just been submitted to the Senate
by the Senator from Pennsylvania; but I do
not propose to take shelter under any such
argument as that. If the Constitution were
silent on this question, if the section were as
clearly constitutional as in my judgment it is
unconstitutional, I should still vote against the
proposition.
It is theiefore my purpose, not merely to
show why I shall vote against the measure, but
to submit two or three considerations why, in
my judgment, no Senator should vote for it;
and, indeed, I think I could establish that by
just one remark, and that is, that no reason
has yet, so far as I have learned, been offered
for a vote in favor of the measure. No such
measure as that is now on the statute-book. It
never should be put upon the statute-book
unless some reason can be given for it.
Now, what reason is alleged for placing
that little provision on the statute-book of the
United States? I had not the privilege of
attending this discussion except for a very
short time. I did not have the privilege of
listening to a portion of the argument sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] yesterday.
So far as 1 understood him, his reasons for
advocating this provision were: first, that there
was a precedent for it; that the Congress of
the United States once did a similar tiling for
another city that had passed through a similar
affliction to that which overtook Chicago last
fall; that we did put upon the statute-book
an act giving to the people of Portland the
same advantages offered by this second sec-
tion. I have not looked at that statute. I am
told there is such a one. I am very sorry to
hear it. I am very sorry to have to say that
I did not know it, although I was in the Sen-
ate at the time it must have passed. I did not
know that, among all the iniquities which have
been perpetrated by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States since I have had the honor of being
a member of it, it had ever perpetrated this
particular one. But I submit to Senators all
around that precedent will not always answer.
Because I have been permitted to rob a man
last year and escaped with impunity, that is
no reason why I should be permitted to rob
another man this year. If we did do wrong
to the United States in the interest of Port-
land several years ago, that is no satisfactory
reason why we should repeat thai wrong upon
the people of the United States in behalf of
the people of Chicago.
We must have another reason, then, and a
more satisfactory one, than this, if we are to
repeat this sort of legislation. What other
reason is urged ? I understood the Senator
from Illinois to say yesterday that he wanted
this measure to encourage the rebuilding of
Chicago. I submit to that honorable Senator
that he does not want it for any such purpose.
If the Congress of the United States could
afford to give bounties to encourage the build-
ing of cities, there is but one single city in the
United States that stands as little in need of
any such bounty as the city of Chicago. There
is but one city that I have ever heard of within
the jurisdiction of the United States that I
would not sooner vote bounties to for the pur-
