1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2687
rnitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and adopted:
Whereas the Secretary of War has informed this
House that after diligent search through the files
of his Department the record of proceedings of the
court of inquiry in the case of Major General Don
Carlos Buell cannot be found: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be authorized to send for persons and papers, to
examine witnesses on oath with a view of ascertain-
ing if possible what has become of such record and
who is responsible for its loss, and to inquire gen-
erally as to the preservation of the records of the
War Department.
mrs martha s house russell.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask unanimous consent
that Senate bill No. 163, for the relief of
Mrs. Martha S. House Russell, be taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
No objection was made; and the bill was
accordingly taken up, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims. m
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask leave for the com-
mittee to report on this case at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Committee ot Claims
is called oftener than any other committee.
The Chair thinks that in the present condi-
tion of public business leave should not be
granted to that committee to report at any
time.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I object.
director of bureau of statistics.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2381) to restore
the office of Director of Bureau of Statistics
and extend the duties of said Director; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
purchase of foreisn-built vessels.
Mr. L. MYERS also, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of the Board of Trade
of Philadelphia, protesting against any enact-
ment permitting the unrestricted purchase of
foreign-built vessels as against the interests of
American shipping and commerce ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
saw-mills on mississippi river.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No._2386) for the pro-
tectroir of owners of saw-mifia-on the Missis-
sippi river; which was read a firsTtffiTiSmrm*-
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
mail contracts.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
presented the views of the minority of the
' Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
in relation to the letting of mail contracts;
which were ordered to be printed.
metropolitan street railroad.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2382)
to repeal a certain provision in the charter of
the Metropolitan Street Railroad Company of
Washington, District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
elias beal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H._R. No.
2383) to increase the pension of Captain Elias
Beal, of Hawkins county, Tennessee ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
sarah barky.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2384) to grant a pension to Sarah Barry, of
Tennessee ; which was read a first and secoiid
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
railroad bridge across genesee rivbr.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2385)
to authorize the construction of a railroad and
draw bridge across the Genesee river in Mon-
roe county, New York; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTIES
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2387) in relation to bounties; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
international telegraph.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2388) to encour-
age and promote telegraphic communication
between America and Asia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
commodore john p. gillis.
Mr. MAYNARD. by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2389) for the
promotion of Commodore John P. Gillis, Uni-
ted States Navy, to the grade of rear admiral
on the retired list; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INTERNAL REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unauimous con-
sent that the bill (H. R. No. 2368) to amend
the internal revenue laws, which was intro-
duced by me yesterday, may be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
There being no objection, it was-ordered
accordingly.
governor's island, new york harbor.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) donating
Governor's Island, in New York harbor, to
the State of New York; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
removal of political disaiultties.
Ml'. SLOSS, by unanimous consent, intro
duced a bill (Hiak-HQ-.-230O) -to rSmove the
--jrotftj^rTfisaoiIIties of Terrel Pulton Wald-
rop, a citizen of Jefferson county, Alabama;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
land bounties for soldiers-
Mr. GARRETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2391) granting to
each officer, soldier, seaman, and marine who
served the United States in the late war of the
rebellion and was honorably discharged there-
from a certificate or warrant for public lands;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
frederick smitii
Mr. BARNUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2393) for the relief of
Frederick Smith; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
katharine ensworth.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2392)
for the relief of Katharine Ensworth ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
indian commissioners' report.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing :
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the board of Indian commissioners for
1871 be printed for the use of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
jonathan white, sen.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. ii. No. 2394) for the
relief of Jonathan White, sen.; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and Ordered to be printed.
tariff.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent for
the adoption of the following resolution, to
which I am quite sure there will be no objec-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the usual number of copies of the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
to reduce duties, &c., be printed for the use of the
House under the direction of the clerk of said com-
mittee, with a statementin the margin oppositeeach
article therein named of the duty on said article
provided by existing law.
Mr. HAL.E I ask the gentleman to modify
the resolution so that there will be a statement
of the tariff under the laws of 1842, 1846, and
1857.
Mr. HOAR. I will so modify my resolu-
tion.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
william hutchison.
Mr. MOORE. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions have the privilege of reporting this
evening and at the session to-morrow evening,
and I therefore ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table the Senate pension
bills there, in order that they may be referred
to that committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object,
and I do it for this reason : I wish the House
to go to the Speaker's table and take up the
business there in regular order. We have
not gone to the Speaker's table during this
session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
Committee on Invalid Pensions are author-
ized to report at the session this evening and
at the session to-morrow evening.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my objection.
The motion of Mr. Moore was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
bill (S. No. 954) granting a pension to William
Hutchison, minor son of Joseph Hutchison,
deceased ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
eliza whiting.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a bill (S. No. 856) granting a pension to Eliza
Whiting; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
john carbauoh.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a bill (S. No. 989) granting a pension to John
Carbaugh, a private of company A, forty-sixth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
mary a. montgomery.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a bill (S. No. 855) granting a pension to Mary
A. Montgomery, widow of William W. Mont-
gomery, late private Texas volunteers ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
richard b. crawford.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the following veto message from the
President of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Home of Representatives :
I return lieiewith Iluuse resolution No. 622, enti-
tled "An act granting a pension to Richard B.
Crawford," without my approval, for the reason that
