2688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
said Crawford is now drawing a pension as a private
soldier; tho wound on account of which ha was pen-
sioned having been received before his promotion to
a lieutenancy. IJ< g_ grant.
Executive Mansion, April 22, 1872.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
pkivilkgks of the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the report from the Committee
on the Rules on which the previous question
was ordered before the adjournment, and the
question is on agreeing to the proposed amend-
ment to the rules which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That RulelSk be amended as follows:
First, strike out all after the words "provided
that" down to and including the words Hall of
the House," and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing, "ex-members of the House shall be entitled
to the privilege of admission to the floor on making
declaration on honor, in a register to be kept for
that purpose, that they have no personal or private
interest in any legislative measure before the House
or any of its committees."
_ Second, insert at the end of the rule the following :
"and the Doorkeeper shall beheld responsible to
the House for the execution of this rule."
Mr. COX rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order, Mr. Speaker, to move to lay the reso-
lution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to lay the whole matter on the table.
Mr. COX. I believe I had called the pre-
vious question on the resolution. I was about
to withdraw it for the purpose of making a
statement to the House; and I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to waive for a few
moments his motion to lay the matter on the
table. He can renew it at any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. COX. I was to have stated last even-
ing, but was prevented in the hurry of adjourn-
ment, the reason which impelled the commit-
tee to offer this rule to the House.
My friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Lewis,]
offered a resolution some weeks ago, which
went the length* oF'aTf enTTFg exclusion from
the floor of all ex-members of Congress. The
House knows very well that it has come to be
a nuisance to have so many ex-members of
Congress here for selfish purposes. The res-
olution of my friend from Kentucky was sent
to the Committee on Rules. They had a
meeting yesterday. One member of the com-
mittee was not present at the meeting; but
four out of the five members of the committee
concurred in our presenting this report.
This is not a great change from the present
rule, as gentlemen will see by compairing the
two. The old rule simply requires an ex-mem-
ber of Congress, before he has 1 he privileges
of this House, to state that he has no interest
in any claim pending before Congress. The
word "claim" has been interpreted to mean
strictly a claim for money, like those pending
before the Committee of Claims. Now, an
ex-member of Congress may be an agent or
lobbyist here for matters of far more import-
ance than a mere claim. He may be here for
the.purpose of forcing a bill through Congress
which involves millions and millions of dol-
lars. Our object in reporting this rule was
if possible to keep the floor of the House as
thoroughly clear of this lobby system as is
consistent with our regard for our old mem-
bers. It is somewhat of a delicate matter
to report a resolution of this kind. I appre-
ciate as much as perhaps any other member
of Congress the amenities and socialities
which belong to our old service together here.
But I do know this, that some rule is abso-
lutely required by which this House shall pro-
tect itself against outsiders, whether they have
been members of Congress or whoever they
may be.
I hope my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butlek,] if I may call him so, will not be in a
hurry to lay this very valuable rule on the table.
W© Q66(l it
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us whether there has been any wrong done, or
whether there has been any instance of breach
of privilege or impropriety of conduct on the
part of any ex-member of Congress on the
floor?
Mr. COX. So far as I am personally con-
cerned, without pretending to be a purist or
to be altogether virtuous, because I have never
been tempted by these people, I have no
knowledge of myself of any wrongdoing. But
I have my eyes about me, and members of
Congress know what this means. It is unne-
cessary to go into detail on this subject. We
know that it is a troublesome thing, an abnor-
mal condition of legislation, to have these men
on the floor of the House dictating to us, taking
our seats, usurping our functions, regulating
our legislation. If they want to influence our
legislation rightly, let them, as in the English
Parliament, go to our committees. In England
no man, except a member, not even a minister,
is allowed on the floor of the House. Out-
siders are kept in the lobbies, and if they have
good, honest business before Parliament, they
go before committees to present that business.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question. Can he not so amend the
rule as also to require that no member of Con-
gress shall occupy a seat, in this House until
he shall subscribe a declaration that he is not
interested in any measure before Congress?
We ought not to make a rule in this matter
for ex-members which we would not be will-
ing to make for members.
Mr. COX. The House has the power, which
it can exercise at anytime, to expel any mem-
ber who may abuse his privilege. The remark
of the gentleman from Illinois is not pertinent
to this resolutien.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my friend from New
York allow me to inquire whether the House
has not also the power to punish for contempt
any other person not a member of Congress?
Mr. COX. Yes; but does the House exer-
cise that right?
Mr. BINGHAM. It has done so repeat-
edly.
Mr. COX. Very rarely.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, it has done it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was sug-
gested last evening when we were about to
adjourn that the rule requiring ex-members
to register themselves was a hard and oppress-
ive one to subject any gentleman to. I desire
to submit that it is now the rule. We do not
change the rule in that respect. Ex-members
are now required to register themselves, and
the change here asked for is simply as to the
meaning of one word, the word "claim," the
simple change that instead of using the word
'' claim'' we shall use the broader word '' legis-
lation," so that the rule shall have what it
was intended to have, direct application to
the legislation of the House to guard the
House against the impropriety of having the
privileges of the floor used by persons not
members to influence directly the legislation
in which they are interested. That is all there
is in the proposed change. It subjects uo
gentleman, no ex-member, to any other con-
dition than he is now subjected to, except that
this amendment will enlarge the meaning of
the single word "claim" so as to make it
cover legislation generally.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will ask
the gentleman whether that rule is not wholly
in disuse, while this amendment requires the
Doorkeeper to enforce this rule ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The rule is not
at all in disuse. The committee made in-
quiries on that subject, and found that the
Doorkeeper is required by the rules to carry
out strictly this specific rule by number. It
is numbered in another rule defining the
duties of the Doorkeeper. Now, the effect of
it is that we can find that almost nobody is
interested in a claim, in the narrow and tech-
nical sense of the word, and therefore, prob-
ably, the rule is really and practically inopera-
tive. The only thing we ask is that the rule
shall be made operative by putting in a
broader word. I can hardly conceive how
any gentleman can say, if the rule now in
existence is proper, that it is not as proper, or
more manifestly proper, to put in the broader
word.
Mr. COX. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] a member
of the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I thought
that as I withdrew the motion to lay upon the
table for the time being I was entitled to
resume the floor to renew it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was properly entitled to the floor when
the resolution was calla# up.
Mr. BANKS. And I take the floor by the
permission of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I obtained
the floor this morning to move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman's colleague only desires to say
a few words.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] the member of the Commit-
tee on the Rules who reported this amend-
ment, is clearly entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, (to Mr.
Banks.) He yielded last night, when you
were not here.
Mr. BANKS. Then, if the motion has been
withdrawn, he can speak.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from New
York yielded only for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. I ask leave to say a few words
only. This is a very important matter, as it
touches the relations between the House and
ex-members and may affect ourselves here-
after, and therefore it ought to be well under-
stood. Since it seems to be a surprise to
many gentlemen, I suggest to my colleague on
the committee that It may be expedient to re-
commit it, in order that the phraseology may
be reconsidered; but the House.will see the
necessity for acting otrtttts* question. I con-
sented reluctantly to the rule, but the reasons
are such as compel the judgment of the House
to approve it in some form or other. Now
there are two hundred and twenty ex-mem-
bers registered here, and the single restriction
on them is that they are not to be interested
in any claim. They interpret that to mean
that they have not any claims of their own.
Of course they have no claims of their own. •
It would be very rare that an ex-member of
Congress should have any claim of his own.
Mr. MAYNARD. They may be agents or
attorneys for others who have claims.
Mr. BANKS. They do not understand it
so, and the Doorkeeper is not required or em-
powered to put that question to them, in the
phraseology in which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] states it. That is not
in the rule, and it is therefore necessary to
make some change in its phraseology. There
are no charges made against anybody. I know
of no reason, so far as any particular case is
concerned, why the rule should be changed.
But the officers of the House, from the Speaker
down, to whom this matter is everyday pre-
sented by their friends, and who are required
to rule for or against them, ask the House to
give them more precise instructions. The rule
as reported may perhaps be susceptible of
improvement, and it may be well to give the
House more time for considering this ques-
tion. But there can be no doubt whatever
that the rule itself should be more specific as
to the purpose of the House, and the author-
ity of the officers of the House in the enforce-
ment oi' the rule. There are two hundred and
twenty ex-members already registered. The
JA.V Jp
