3584
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
thing of the kind. I merely hear rumors and re-
ports. Personally, I know nothing about it."
Passing to page 1344, I read the following :
"Question. Do you know of no organization in
this county intended to prevent negroes from voting
as they saw proper?
"Answer. I don't; and that has not been the ease.
"Question. Do you know anything of this organi-
zation commonly called Ku Klux?
"Answer. I am no member of the KuKlux, and
know nothing of their proceedings."
He was examined at very considerable
length. I well remember the testimony. After
referring him to some publications that were
made in their newspapers, he altered his opin-
ion as to there being no Ku Klux organization,
and said, in answer to a question, (page 1348:)
" Question. You do believe now that there is a
Ku Klux organization ?
Answer. From that article there must have been
at that time; whether there is now I do not know."
On page 1350:
" Question. Now, Doctor, having stated your be-
lief that there is a Ku Klux organization, since you
saw this notice in the paper, state who in your belief
compose it.
"Answer. I cannot tell you that, sir.
"Question. What class of people, sir?
, "Answer. I cannot toll you who compose that organ-
ization. I know nothing about them. I do not be-
long. and have no means of knowing.
" Question. Have you no idea who compose it?
"Answer. No, sir; I have no means of knowing."
Bear in mind he denied all personal knowl-
edge of a single Ku Klux outrage in that
county, in which there were eleven murders
and over six hundred whippings. He denied
that he knew anything of the organization.
He denied all knowledge, in short, of its opera-
tions except what he gathered from com-
mon rumor. Bear in mind the character of
the man. Bear in mind that it is said that no
man of respectability or character had any part
in these outrages, much less countenanced
them. Now, sir, when the proclamation was
made that the writ of habeas corpus would be
suspended, Dr. Bratton fled, and my informa-
tion is that he has never been back in York
■ county since. Several of the men who hanged
a man named Jim Williams, a militia captain,
were arraigned and tried at Columbia for that
offense, and the testimony upon that occasion
proved that this Dr. Bratton, who thus swore,
was the leader of the band; that he provided
himself with a rope in the town of Yorkville
and carried it on his saddle-bow out to the
cabin of that man, Jim Williams, and with his
own hand put the rope arcfund Williams's neck
and hanged him. Sir, I do not wish to leave
this fact to my statement, but I quote from
the address of Hon. Mr. Stanbery, the coun-
sel of the defendants in that case, and let him
speak of Dr. Bratton, so that the character of
this organization and its effect upon its mem-
bers may be apparent. Let it be remembered
that this was on the trial of one of the young
men who accompanied Dr. Bratton on that
occasion. Mr. Stanbery says:
"Howin God's name, gentlemen, can you make him
responsible for the horrid outrage that followed.
Why, gentlemen, did not the men that were detailed
to go down there and seize the mar, supposethey
were going for his arms? They were absent about
an hour or less than an hour, and when they returned
they weresilent; the question was, ' Haveyougotthe
arms?'No response whatever, but some showed guns;
in a little while Dr. Bratton, in answer to a question
put to hira by sume man where Williams was, said
' he is nowin hell.' Gentlemen, I do not stand here to
justify Dr. Bratton, but to defend this young man; let
Dr. Bratton answerfor himselt, anddo nothotd this
young man guilty on account of his misdeeds. I do not
justify that horrid outrage that was committed there
that night. It makes my blood run coid to listen to
the relation of it; after they had got his guns, to take
him out from his family, and without a moment's time
to make his peace with God, to launch him into the
other world, and upon their return to speak of it in
the impious manner which has been detailed 1
" Gentlemen, the right man is not hero ; you have
the proof, but not the offender. When he or they,
whoever they may be, shall be arraigned, then will
be the time to mete out the just measurement of
such a crime; but, gentlemen, I beg of you not to
confound the just with the guilty."
That is not my language; that is the lan-
guage of Hon. Henry Stanbery, who was
taken from Cincinnati to defend these men,
and he is speaking of a man who stood socially
and professionally at the head of society in
York county, South Carolina, and who swore
before the committee that he knew nothing at
all of that outrage. Talk about corruption;
talk about demoralization in Legislatures under
the negroes, when the leaders of society are
not only themselves murderers, but come be-
fore the country and deny it by perjury 1
I have thus given in some detail the pro-
ceedings in South Carolina, because there the
evidence of the existence of the organization
and its purposes and acts is beyond contro-
versy, and it is only necessary to apply the
same evidence to other localities infested by
the organization to appreciate the condition
of the poor and defenseless, who are the ob-
jects of its attacks, and to show the necessity
of the exercise of power by the strong arm of
the Federal Government to suppress this mon-
strous conspiracy.
Now, sir, as to the extent to which this or-
ganization has prevailed: it is stated in the views
of the minority that it does not prevail in more
than forty counties in these States of North
and South Carolina, Georgia,Florida, Alabama,
and Mississippi. Let me give you the names
of the counties in these States in which these
offenses have been committed. Outrages have
been committed in North Carolina in tne coun-
ties of Orange, Chatham, Alamance, Lenoir,
Harnett, Sampson, Caswell, Guilford, Gaston,
Lincoln, Moore, liutherford, Cleveland, and
Catawba.
South Carolina.—In the counties of Spar-
tanburg, York, Union, Chester, Abbeville,
Laurens, Fairview, Newbery, and Lancaster.
Georgia.—In the counties of Jasper, Wal-
ton, White, Morgan, Jackson, Hancock, Wil-
kinson, Washington, Cherokee, Greene, Mad-
ison, Pike, Whitefield, Habersham, Putnam,
Haralson, Warren, Richmond, Gwinnett,
Floyd, Glasscock, Chattooga, Dade, Clark,
Jefferson, Oglet.hrope, Walker, Appling, and
Columbia.
Alabama.—In the counties of Blount, Cal-
houn, Chambers, Choctaw, Fayette, Greene,
Hale, Jackson, Jefferson, Lawrence, Lime-
stone, Macon, Madison, Marshall, Morgan,
Perry, Pickens, Sumter, Tuscaloosa, St. Clair,
Cherokee, Coosa, Lauderdale, Marengo, Tal-
lapoosa, and Walton.
Mississippi.—In the counties of Chickasaw,
Kemper, Itawamba, Tishemingo, Prentiss,
Lee, Leake, Tippah, Union, Alcorn, Kem-
per, Lauderdale, Lincoln, Lowndes, Marshall,
Monroe, Noxubee, Oktibbeha, Pontotoc, and
Winston.
Florida■—In the county of Jackson alone
the evidence shows that within the last five
years there have been one hundred and fifty-
three homicides.
Here we have ninety-nine counties in all,
and this in all probability falls below the num-
ber. I have not had time to make a careful
examination of that part of the testimony at
the taking of which I was not personally pres-
ent, and have only inserted here the names of
those counties where offenses are clearly shown
to have been committed. I have no doubt
there are more. I shall give presently a sum-
mary of the offenses committed in these coun-
ties.
These facts bear upon the denial made in
the views of the minority of the extent of the
organization, of its political significance, or
of its having the countenance of any of the
respectable white people of the South. Each
of these may require a passing notice.
As to the numbers of the organization, the
fact that in York county the number was almost
equal to the white votingpopulation is of itself
startling, and when itis remembered thatabout
the same state of affairs existed in the two
adjoining counties, and to a large extent in
other counties, it is evident that nothing but
the power of the General Government is suffi-
cient to restrain that organization in that State.
Again, after the concession that General
Forrest knows so much more about the origin
of the organization than any other person, his
statement as to its numbers becomes import-
ant. In 1868 he said there were forty thou-
sand in Tennessee and five hundred thousand
in the southern States. The only correction
he made of that statement in his letter written
to correct errors was that he believed there
were those numbers. His belief as the head
of that organization is significant, and equiv-
alent to the knowledge of other people.
The allegation that the order does not exist
in more than forty counties is met by the names
of the counties of the several States which I
have already given.
I will now give the summary to which I have
referred. In North Carolina fourteen counties
are shown in which outrages occurred, and in
them there occurred eighteen homicides and
three hundred and fifteen whippings. In
South Carolina, nine counties in which the
testimony taken by the committee shows there
were thirty-five homicides and two hundred
and seventy-six other outrages. The present-
ment of the grand jury says there were forty
homicides in those counties, and over two
thousand cases of other outrages. In Georgia
there are twenty-nine counties shown, in which
seventy-two homicides and one hundred and
twenty-six cases of whippings are disclosed by
the testimony. In Alabama there are twenty-
six counties, in which two hundred and fifteen
homicides are shown to have occurred, and
one hundred and sixteen cases of other out-
rages. In Mississippi there are twenty countics
in which there are twenty-three homicides, and
seventy-six eases of outrages by this testimony;
and in Florida, in the one county of Jackson—
I have not had time to look through the other
portions of the testimony—one hundred and
fifty-three homicides have occurred in that
county alone since the war; and let it not be
supposed that these even are all. These foot
up ninety-nine counties, five hundred and
twenty-six homicides and twenty-nine hundred
and nine cases of other outrages shown in this
testi mony, and by this finding of the grand jury.
Now, let us go further. At Columbia there
were true bills found against five hundred and
one defendants. In the northern district of
Mississippi there were bills found against four
hundred and ninety defendants, and in the
southern district against one hundred and fifty-
two defendants. In North Carolina there are
bills found against nine hundred and eighty-
one defendants. I have not the returns of
those that have been found in Alabama, but I
know a number of bills have been found there
and that there have been a number of trials
and convictions.
Now, sir, when you remember that there
were twenty-nine hundred and nine outrages
and five hundred and twenty-six homicides,
and that these offenses have been shown to
have been committed by men in bands ranging
from five up to seventy-five and a hundred
and sometimes as many as four to eighthun-
dred, it does not require much arithmetic to
show that this is a formidable organization.
When you have over three thousand victims,
victims to violence committed by bodies of
men in an organization, who need doubt as
to the character and the extent and the power
of the organization?
It is alleged that in all these proceedings the
men are of that class in society who have no
countenance. Sir, let me call your attention
to two or three facts. The minority of the com-
mittee have admitted—it is an admission—that
General Napoleon B. Forrest and General
John B. Gordon were the first men who were
at the organization of this Klan. Who are N.
B. Forrest and J. B. Gordon ? I suppose that
for political purposes I could give them no
higher indorsement than to state that they
were both delegates at large from their respect-
ive States of Tennessee and Georgia in the
