1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
pose of encouraging its rebuilding than the
city of Chicago, and that is the city of New
York. If you are going to give bounties to
encourage the building up of cities, give boun-
ties to the building of some cities that are not
likely to be built up unless they can have
bounties. Nothing is so sure in the future as
tbe rebuilding of Chicago, except the contin-
uous growth of the city of New York.
There was a time when if this proposition
had been brought into the Senate of the Uni-
ted States I might have looked upon it with
some favor. The first time I ever saw the city
of Chicago it was a hamlet standing right- out
on a. inarsh. If representatives from that
community had then come here and said,
"The future of the Northwest demands a mar-
ketplace for its fast-coming productions ; it
demands it here, and cannot find it anywhere
else; the question of building a city here to
make it stand is a problem unsettled; capitalists
will not come here and put up great granite
and marble blocks, because they are not at all
sure they will stand on the surface when they
are put there; they want some sort of encour-
agement to insure against their sinking"—if
tbey had come and addressed that argument to
the Senate, I should have listened to it, and I
should have thought there was something in
that. But the experiment has been tried. We
know that the most substantial and richest
blocks will stand on the soil of Chicago. They
have stood there for years. That same future
to which the representatives of Chicago could
then have referred us has come along. The
growth of the Northwest commanded the erec-
tion of Chicago. Sir, the Norihwest stiil exists.
That was not swept off by the lire. It is still pro-
ducing. It still demands its market, and must
have it. The same necessity which built, Chicago
in the first place is just as sure to rebuild it as
it is sure to continue. So, Mr. President, I
do not think we can justify a vote in favor of
this measure upon any idea that it is necessary
to encourage the rebuilding of Chicago.
One other reason (for I am passing over this
matter very briefly) I understood to be offered
by the Senator from Illinois yesterday, which
was that we were called upon to carry relief to
the suffering people of Chicago. As I under-
stand this bill, it does not propose any such
tiling. It does not propose to give relief to
the suffering people of Chicago. Who are to
be the recipients of the advantages offered by
this bill? Not the men who had buildings
burned down, but the men who are to reerect
them; and the two classes are not the same
by any manner of means. There is nothing
in your bill, there is nothing in the facts of
the case, to show that the men who are going
to rebuild are the same men who lost their
buildings. Real estate has been changing
hands very rapidly. Men who never lost a
dollar's worth by the fire are going to rebuild
on the very lots from which buildings were
swept off. and they are the men, whoever
they are, who are to get the benefit of this
provision.
But, Mr. President, if they wore the same
men, it would not be right to call them suffer-
ers. In one sense of the word, to be sure,
they are sufferers, in the sense of having lost
a great deal of property, but not sufferers in
the sense of being m need, in necessitous cir-
cumstances. Many of them, notwithstanding
their enormous losses, are left enormously
wealthy. They are not sufferers, therefore,
in that sense of the term.
Another reason, and the only other one I
shall notice, urged by the Senator from Illi-
nois yesterday was that lie wanted the Con-
gress of the united States to act toward the
city of Chicago in the same spirit of magnan-
imity and generosity which characterized the
action of the rest of the world. That is an
equitable and a reasonable demand. I reply
to it simply by saying that there is no portion
of the world that has acted in any such spirit
as this bill proposes to act. Every known
portion of the civilized world has contributed
immense sums of money, induced thereto by
the dread calamity which overtook Chicago
last fall. Contributed to whom? Not to
Chicago; not to the men who lost fortunes in
the fire at Chicago ; but contributed simply to
the men who were left poor and naked and
destitute by that calamity. The Senator from
Illinois, who now does me the honor to listen
to me, knows that whoever had charge of the
fund so contributed would not have dared to
distribute a dollar in the way in which thi3
bill proposes to distribute the whole. That
whole fund, amounting to millions upon mil-
lions, was contributed for the relief of the des-
titute, not for the relief of those who had lost
property. We know that the bulk of the
privileges to be furnished by this bill are not
to go to the destitute, but are to go to the
rich. I suppose my colleague made use of
that argument yesterday, because I heard the
Senator from Illinois object to what he said
was the reference my colleague made to the
nabobs of Chicago.
When you are talking about ordinary legis-
lation, I think it a little invidious myself to
discriminate between rich men and poor men.
But this is not ordinary legislation ; this is
extraordinary legislation. Here we propose
to take money out of the public Treasury and
contribute it to individuals; and when that is
your proposition, I think it very fair to stop
and inquire whether the men who are to
receive the contribution are rich or poor. I
say to my honorable friend from Illinois, and
I say to every Senator here, that I do not
believe there is one man on this floor who
would dare to vote out of the public Treasury
$1,000, to say nothing about the millions that
will come under the operations of this bill to
be distributed as we know this tnonej- will be
distributed. The people do not see it on the
face of the bill, but we know how this is to
be distributed, and no one of us would dare
to vote §1,000 to be distributed in the same
way. We know that this bill will take out of
the Treasury not only millions, but that it will
put into the pockets of certain individuals who
are to-day worth their millions, and I could
name them to you, more dollars than half
those on the floor of the Senate are worth.
That is what it is. Is there any one of us,
then, who would vote to fake more than the
entire amount of his whole fortune out of the
Treasury and put it into the pockets of indi-
viduals who are known to the world that knows
them at all to be in the possession of millions?
Now, Mr. President, I propose to close my
remarks right here. As I said before, I have
not had the opportunity of hearing everything
that has been said in favor of the passage of
this bill, and may have overlooked, and un-
doubtedly have overlooked, some of the argu-
ments .which have been employed. I have
only noticed those which I have heard and
those which have occurred to me. But I can-
not take my seat without saying that if it is
the purpose of any here to vote money out of
the public Treasury to afford relief, and they
will content themselves to give that relief
only to those who are suffering—and I distin-
guish broadly between those who are suffer-
ing and those who have lost property—if there
are any here who want to make an appropria-
tionout of the public Treasury to relieve the
destitute of Chicago, I am willing to agree to
such an appropriation. That I should do with
reluctance. I remember when 3 bill was pend-
ing here in the Senate of the United States to
appropriate money to the relief of the desti-
tute in Portland I declined to vote for that,
great as that calamity was, and anxious as I
was to do something for their relief. I thought
I had better commute with Portland, and so I
purchased exemption from voting for the bill
by making an appropriation out of my own
pocket; and I was very well satisfied with the
arrangement myself.
I would, however, I think, waive my scruples
and would vote for an appropriation; but I
want now briefly to call attention to one rea-
son why this bill should not pass, if all that I
have heretofore said was unfounded; and that
is that the moneys, so to speak, which you
propose to take out of the Treasury for the
good of the rich as well as the poor, you do
not propose to collect into the Treasury from
the nation equally ; but on the contrary the
bulk you propose to take out of those who
have suffered as much as the greatest sufferers
in Chicago. One of the great materials and
one of the greatest materials that are to be
used in the reconstruction of Chicago is lum-
ber. One of the great sources of supply from
which that lumber comes is northern Wiscon-
sin. Northern Wisconsin was swept by fire
as destructive as that which overthrew Chicago
itself, and swept on the same night as that
on which Chicago was destroyed. There were
immense forests of pine burned over. There
is an absolute necessity imposed upon the
owners of that pine to cut it and to get it to
market as soou as possible. Pine, when it
is killed by fire, very soon begins to deterio-
rate and to go to destruction. There never
has been a year in the history of Wisconsin
when anything like the amount of timber has
been cut that is being cut during the present
winter. That lumber, of course, must find a
market. Chicago has been and must continue
to be this great market. Now you propose
by this legislation to impose a new burden
upon the owners of that lumber and upon the
manufacturers of that lumber. You propose
to take from them, just when their necessities
are greatest, one of the great markets that
they have heretofore had, and to bring in
competition with them in that market the
lumber from all the rest of the world, the
Canadas in particular. It seems to me, there-
fore, that we are not only not relieving desti-
tution in Chicago by the enactment of this bill,
but we are imposing great burdens upon des-
titution outside of Chicago, a destitution which
was induced by precisely the same accident as
that which overtook Chicago.
For these reasons I rfiall vote against this bill
unless the second section is stricken out of it.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, in view of
my very great anxiety to have a vote on this
bill.to-day, it is with very great reluctance
that I trespass 011 the time of the Senate for
a moment. I crave the indulgence of the Sen
ate, however, for a short time while I present
the considerations which influence my mind
to cast my vote for this bill. Before proceed-
ing with what I have to say I ask the Secretary
to be good enough to read the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] yesterday.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
In section two, lino three, strike out the words
"on all materials," and insert in lieu thereof the
following, namely:
On timber or lumber, rough, hewn, or sawed;
On boards and clapboards, ill the rough;
On laths :
On shingles;
On cut nails;
On iron, made and fitted for the construction of
buildings;
On slato;
On brick;
On building-stone;
On lime;
On cement:
On glass, and
On linseed-oil and white lead.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have had the amend-
ment read for the purpose of saying at this
time that I trust it will not be adopted. I
trust this bill will be voted for on its merits;
and if relief—if I may be permitted to use
that word here—is to ho granted, 1 trust it
will be granted in the very broadest sense, or
in as broad terms as we can grant it. 1 need
not say to you, sir, and to the Senate that it
may occur under this bill and in the rebuild-
ing of Chicago that it will be quite important
that upon many articles not thought of now
there should be a drawback just, as fairly and
