844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13, 18Y2.
4 2d Cong.,..2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CDLXX!V.—An Act for the Relief of
Martin Freeman.
Be it enacted by the, Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay
to Martin Freeman, owner of the schooner
'■ Delight," for her loss in the service of the
United States, the sum of six thousand dol-
lars, out of any money heretofore, or which
may be hereafter, appropriated for the pur-
chase of vessels and equipment, which sum,
if received, shall be in full of all claims by
said Freeman against the United States,
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXV.—An Act for the Relief of
George W. Sturtevant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,- That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay to George W. Sturtevant, of
Dodge county, Wisconsin, one hundred dol-
lars, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, in full settlement of
all claims on his behalf growing out of money
paid by said Sturtevant to the United States
receiver of the Milwaukee land office by mis-
take.
Approved, June 10,1872.
Chap. CDLXXVL—An Act for the Relief of
Benjamin W. Reynolds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two thou-
sand one hundred and seventy five dollars be,
and the same is hereby, allowed to Benjamin
W. Reynolds, late receiver of the land office at
Saint Croix Falls, Wisconsin, for the money
necessarily paid out and expended by said
Benjamin W. Reynolds, in the payment of
clerks necessarily employed in said land office,
between the sixteenth day of May, anno Dom-
ini eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and the
fifteenth day of July, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to pay said Benijamin W. Reynolds two thou-
sand one bundled and seventy-livedollais, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXVII.— An Act for the Relief
of Martin P. Hardin, of Pontotoc County,
Mississippi.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj'America in
Conyress assembled, That there be paid Mar-
tin 1'. Hardin, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
two hundred dollars and seventy-three cents,
which sum was paid by said Martin P. Hardin
for the northeast of quaiter section sixteen,
township nine, range five east of the meridian
line of the Chicka'saw cession, in the State
of Mississippi, the title to which tract of land
has been adjudged by a competent tribunal
not to have been in the United States at the
time of sa.d sale.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXVIIL—An Act for the Relief
of W. W. Griffin.
Be it enacted by theSenate arid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury are hereby required
to audit and pay to YV. W. Griffin, of Santa
Fe, New Mexico, out of any money not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of four thousand
three hundred and fifty dollars for services
rendered as commissioner under the laws of
the United States.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXIX.—'An Act for the Relief
of Eliza B. Anderson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Eliza B.Anderson, widow
of the late Major General Robert Ander-
son, the sum of ten thousand dollars, in grate-
ful recognition of that singular fidelity to pub-
lic duty which inspired said Robert Anderson
when a major in the United States Armv, on
the twenty-sixth day of December, eighteen
hundred and sixty, without authority from the
President, and in defiance of the wishes of the
Secretary of War, to^ assume the grave respon-
sibility of transferring his small command
from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumpter, in Charles-
ton harbor, thereby incurring the double re-
proach from the Government of his country
that he had acted without orders, and from the
enemies of his country that he had "achieved
the unenviable distinction of opening civil
war," and at the same time placing himself
under the earliest and hottest fire of the rebel-
lion and under those hardships which wrecked
his constitution and destroyed his life.
Approved, June 10,1872.
Chap. CDLXXX.—An Act for the Relief of
Henry N. Galpin, Postmaster at Berlin,
Connecticut.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers ot the Treasury be authorized and
directed, in settling the accounts of Henry N.
Galpin as postmaster at Berlin, Connecticut,
to credit and allow to him the sum of one
hundred and fifty dollars postage-stamps of
which he was robbed by burglars on the night
of October sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, without fault or negligence on the
part of said postmaster.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXX1.—An Act for the Relief of
Herman Raster, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue for the First District, Illinois.
Whereas the great conflagration in the city
of Chicago, on the eighth and ninth days of
October, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
destroyed the custom house and post office
building in said city, in which was located the
office of the collector of internal revenue for
the first district of Illinois, whereby a con-
siderable quantity of internal revenue stamps,
as well as the books, papers, and assessment
lists belonging to said office, were lost or
destroyed: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amer ica in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue and the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department be, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed, upon
receiving from said collector satisfactory
proof, by affidavits or otherwise, of the amount
in value of the stamps so destroyed, to credit,
or cause to be credited, on said collector's
account, such amount not exceeding the sum
of eighty-three" thousand six hundred and
ninety-one dollars and ninety-three cents,
or so much thereof as shall be satisfactorily
known to have been lost and destroyed as
aforesaid. And the said Commissioner and
the accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment are also hereby authorized and
directed, on being satisfied that the said col-
lector has paid into the Treasury all moneys
by him collected on the assessment lists prior
to the September lists, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, to credit, or to cause him, the
said collector, to be credited, with the amounts
uncollected on such lists destroyed as afore-
said; or if, in the judgment of the said Com-
missioner, he considers it best, he may, on
proof satisfactory to him, abate the said taxes
uncollected on said lists in such manner as
may be consistent with the rules of equit^
and justice: Brovided, That nothing in thif
act contained shall be construed to bar th*
right of the United States to collect any ot
the taxes aforesaid.
Approvkd, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXXII.—An Act for the Relief
of Lucy C. Baker and Mary A. Baker, chil-
dren of John M. Baker, deceased,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Lucy C. Baker and Mary A.
Baker, children of John M. Baker, deceased,
late consul of the United States, at the port
of Rio de Janeiro, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of sixteen hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-seven cents, for diplomatic service ren-
dered by their father while acting as such
consul.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
Chap. CDLXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief
of Thomas F. Spencer of Indiana. '
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Thomas F. Spencer, of In-
diana, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of one hun-
dred dollars, for one horse taken and appro-
priated to the service of the United States by
troops under the command of General Hobson
on the thirteenth day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three.
Approved, June 10, 1872.
RESOLUTION.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution to amend the Res-
olution for the Relief of James Keenan, lute
Consul at Hong-Kong, China, approved Feb-
ruary eighteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the joint resolution
approved February eighteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and ^sixty seven, for the relief of James
Keenan, deceased, late consul at Hong-Kong,
China, be, and the same is hereby, amended
by stiiking out all after the words '' the sev-
eral balances due him," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " on his accounts for relief
of seamen."
Approved, May 13, 1872.
