1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4481
Senate. I think they have applied to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Alcorn] in regard
to the same thing, urging him ,to have th? bill
passed: and unless there is a serious objec-
tion, which I have not .heard yet, to the adop-
tion of the amendment, I think it ought to be
adopted.
Mr. STE WART. I think there are a great
many serious objections that might be stated
to it. They are too numerous to mention. If
it was to relieve those who made improve-
ments during the war, why not say that?
Mr. RICE. It does say that.
Mr. STEWART. If any persons were pre-
vented from making improvements during the
war I am willing that the homestead aet. shall
be amended so as to give them a chance to
make the improvements afterward. We did
amend the law sometime ago in behalf of
those who went into the war and were unable
to make their improvements in consequence
of being in the Federal Army. We relieved
those people, and we will relieve any case of
that kind; but tii\s is a general law, and in
fact I believe it contains a principle which
avoids the necessity of homestead settlement
altogether. We do not want to do that.
Mr. RICE. It allows them to make the
improvements yet. That is all.
Mr. STEWART. It allows them to have
the land without making a settlement. If it
means anything, it means that. It allows one
party to have the advantage of improvements
made by another. Let us have this matter
considered by the Committee on Public Lands,
and if there are hardships of the kind sug-
gested by the Senator from Arkansas they can
be remedied; but I can show that there is
more hardship, more uncertainty, more evil
legislation in this amendment than in almost
any measure that has been proposed. I do
not care about occupying time in discussing it
now.
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator if any man can carry out the provisions
of the bill who does not settle on the land and
occupy it as provided under the homestead
law? And as long as a man does that, I do not
care who he is or under what circumstances,
no fraud can be committed upon the Govern-
ment or anybody else. It cannot extend to
any man who does not occupy the land.
Mr. STEWART. I say it does if I under-
stand it. The second section reads as fol-
lows :
That in all oases of entries heretofore made of the
public lands of the United States under the home-
stead law and its amendments where it shall appear
that the parties have substantially complied with
the requirements of said law but have failed to go
upon the land within six months from the date of
entry, or have otherwise failed in the minor re-
quirements of the law, suoh failure shall not be con-
strued to work a forfeiture, but the entry shall be
subject to the equitable consideration of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, who may, if
ho is satisfied that the entry was made in good
faith, and that the failure of the settler was not
from his own neglect, approve the case and issue
patent in the usual manner: Provided, That such
entries have not heretofore been canceled by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
If the entries are made, no matter whether
it is a continuous settlement or not, it is in the
discretion of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to waive all that, to waive
compliance with it in the settlement.
Mr. RICE. He is to be satisfied that the
settlement,is made in good faith.
Mr. STEWART. Then look at the next
section:
That in all eases of entries of public lands under
the homestead laws where the lands so entered have
been abandoned, and subsequently reentered under
said homestead laws by the same or other parties,
and where suel) subsequent entries are, under, the
rulings of the Secretary of the Interior, dependent
■for their validity upon the legality of the affidavits
in said original entries—
Now, I want to know what the original entry,
if that entry was abandoned, has to do with
the subsequent entry. How can the subse-
quent entry depend for its validity upon the
42d Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 281.
original entry when the original entry was
abandoned—
said affidavits are hereby legalized and confirmed
so as to protect the persons making auuh subsequent
entries who have in good faith complied with the
provisions of the homestead laws.
If that means what it says on its face, it
seems to me the intention is to legalize entries
after they have been abandoned, in favor of
the same or other parties. If it doe's not mean
that, why refer to entries that have been aban-
doned? If an entry is abandoned, that is the
end of it. If the subsequent entry is valid, it
does not, need any reference to the original
entry. A matter of this kind,' changing your
hoinestead laws, ought to be very carefully-
considered. I submit that it haS not been con-
sidered or reported by any committee, and it
would be very dangerous to adopt it.
Mr. RICE. _ I have just one word more to
say, and that is that a bill, under which not a
soul can get an aere of public land except an
actual settler, and one that the Commissioner
of the General Land Office must be satisfied
is an actual settler in good faith under the
homestead law, is not an objectionable bill. I
cannot see where the objection comes from.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
in every instance has to be satisfied that the
settlement is made in good faith. Who is to
get the benefit of it, then, except actual set-
tlers? And who is here opposing or desirous
to oppose the homestead settler from having
the land if he does settle on it in compliance
with the law ? That'is all I have to say on the
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I believe the yeas and nays
have already been ordered on the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 30; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Caldwell, Chandler, Fen ton Ferry
of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas,
Pratt, Ramsey, Kice, Spencer, Tipton, and Trum-
bull—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper, Cor-
bett, Flanagan, Harlan,Hill,Hitchcock, Kelly.Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of V ermont, Morton, Norwood,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ransom, Bobertsou, Saul&bury,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Vickers, and Win-
dow—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brovralow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Cole, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Logan, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Sehurz,
frague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
est, Wilson, and Wright—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. OSBORN. I move that the preamble
of the bill be stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the title of the bill by adding the words
" and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
message i'KOM the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 2879) granting a pension to Eliza B.
Anderson.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1184) relating to
the limitation of steam pressure on towing and
freight boats on the Mississippi river and its
tributaries, with an amendment; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore : '
A bill (S. No. 996) to repeal so much of
section six of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 1869, as
prohibits promotions in the engineer depart-
ment of the Army;
A bill (S. No. 1089) to reimburse the State
of Nevada for expenses incurred while a Ter-
ritory in the purchase of a prison, and in sup-
port of United States courts;
A bill (H. R. No. 2879) for the relief of
Eliza B. Anderson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2935) to establish certain
post roads; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2780) for the relief of
W. W. Griffin.
bridges across the ohio river.
Mr. SCOTT. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 827, to authorize the construction of
bridges across the Ohio river and to prescribe
the dimensions of the same.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think this is too late
an hour in the session to take up a bill of that
importance. It has been reported for nearly
two months. During that time it might have
been.taken up and considered without objec-
tion. I certainly would not at any reasonable
time have made objection to its consideration.
All I want is that it be taken up at a time when
we can have an opportunity to be fairly heard.
I must necessarily take up some little time of
the Senate upon the proposition which I shall
submit to the body. I think it very question-
able, under the circumstances and the excite-
ment attending the last hours of the session,
whether a proposition which I propose to sub-
mit to the Senate on this bridge bill can re-
ceive fair and full consideration. If, however,
the Senate determines to take it up, and will
give us the time necessary, of course it is for
them to decide. I hope they will not take up
the bill, because I fear we cannot have justice
done us.
Mr. SCOTT. It is true this bill was re-
ported on the 18th of April. It is not my
fault that it has not been taken up since that
time. I have upon several occasions made
the effort to have it considered. So far as
considering it at this hour is concerned, I think
the Senate need not be apprehensive that we
shall be detained long in the consideration of
it. I will barely state that there is but one
question to be considered, and 1 think the
(Senator from West Virginia will himself agree
with me that that is the only question. The
bill is here from the House. It has been con-
sidered by the Committee oil Commerce. They
have proposed some amendments, to none of
which do I propose to object, to none of which,
as I understand, does the Senator from West
Virginia propose to object; but I understand he
desires to propose one amendment which will
bring up the question whether the Senate will
make one exception to the general rule that
the Department under instructions to investi-
gate the subject have incorporated in a bill
which they recommend the passage of. I
think we can dispose of it certainly in half an
hour. I do not propose to take up any con-
siderable time in discussing it, and I trust the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of
the bill and dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fekrt,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to appeal to the
Senator from Pennsylvania to allow me to
take up a bill that can be disposed of in about
a minute. It is a mere local matter, and will
not elicit any debate.
Mr. SCOTT. There is no Senator here to
