4482
THE CON"GKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
whom I would rather yield than the Senator
from Kansas; but if I yield to one, I am ap-
pealed to to yield to a dozen. Therefore I
must ask that the bill be proceeded with.
Mr. CALDWELL. Iam very much obliged
to the Senator for his compliment, but I would
much rather have the time just now. [Laugh-
ter.] It will only take a minute to pass this
bill. It is a mere local matter about taxing
some lands in Kansas.
Mr. SCOTT. This is a bill Of general in-
terest, and I cannot yield.
congressional globe.
Mr. ANTHONY, (Mr. Ferry, of Michi-
gan, in the chair.) I have the assent of my
lriend from Pennsylvania to make a statement
in the nature of a report which I waa unable
to make during the morning hour, as I was
otherwise occupied, and which it is due to the
Senate should be made before the session
closes.
The Committee on Printing were instructed
to advertise for proposals for the publication
of the Globe and to submit the same to. the
Senate with their opinion on them. The ad-
vertisement was duly issued, and three pro-
posals have been received. It is impossible
to form an accurate judgment upon those pro-
posals without going over the Globe for a
whole session, and this cannot be done, and
there has not been time to do it, during the
present session, and therefore the committee
will reserve their report until the next session,
which will be no evil, inasmuch as the session
of Congress commencing on the 4th of March
lias been abolished, and the next session of
the new Congress will commence at the old
time, the first Monday of December.
I will say as a matter of justice, since I have
introduced the subject, that the publication of
the Globe under its preseut contractors this
Bession has been, if possible, superior to what it
was before in accuracy, promptness, and fidel-
ity I have nothing to say about the material
which we put into the Globe; but in its report-
ing and its publishing as a mechanical work, I
think it is as near perfect under the present
contractors as such a work cau be.
bridges across the ohio river.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 827)
to authorize the construction of bridges across
the Ohio river, and to prescribe the dimensions
of the same.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment wasin section one, lines
four and live, after the word "therefor" to
strike out the words "from the States upon
whose soil the ends of said bridges may rest;"
so that the section will read :
That any persons or corporations, having lawful
authority therefor, may hereafter erect bridges
across the Ohio river, for railroad or other uses, upon
compliance with the provisions and requirements of
this act.
Mr. BOREMAN. There is no objection to
these amendments of the committee, and if the
bill is to pass, we might as well take the vote
on the whole of them together.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line five, after the words " measured to the,"
to strike out the words "lowest part of the
span" and insert "bottom chord of the
bridge;" and in line ten, after the words
"measured to the," to strike out the words
"lowest part of the span" and insert "bot-
tom chord of the bridge."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line fourteen, after the woid "over" to strike
out the words " that portion " and insert " the
main channel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-eight, after the word "the" to
strike out "permanent" and insert "station-
ary."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line thirty, after the word "same" to insert
the words " but in no case shall unnecessary
delay occur in opening the said draw before or
after the passage of trains."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section two, as amended, reads as follows:
Sec. 2. That every bridge hereafter erected across
the Ohio river above the mouth of the Big Sandy
shall have at least one span of a height of not less
than ninety feet above low water, and of not less
than forty feet above local highest water, measured
to the bottom chord of the bridge; that every bridge
hereafter erected across the Ohio river below the
mouth of the Big Sandy shall have at least one span
of a height of not less than one hundred feet above
low water, and of not less than forty feet above
highest water, measurod to the bottom chord of the
bridge; that this high span shall give a clear open-
ing of at least four hundred feet between the piers,
measured at right angles to the current at every
stage, and that it shall be placed over the main
channel of the river used by boats during ordinary
stages of water: Provided, That in case this high
span is not over the low-water ehannel, suitable
arrangements be made elsewhere to permit the
passage of single boats under the bridge at low
water; that all bridges over the Ohio river below
the Covington and Cincinnati suspension bridge
shall have, in addition to the high span prescribed
above, a pivot-draw, giving two clear openings
of one hundred and sixty feet each, measured at
right angles to the current at the average stage of
water in the river, and located in a part ot the
bridge that can be safely and conveniently reached
at that stage; and that said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the passage
of boats whose construction shall not be such as to
admit of their passage under the stationary spans
of said bridge, except when trains are passing over
the same, but in no case shall unnecessary delay
occur in opening the said draw before or alter the
passage of trains.
The next amendment was in section four,
lines two and three, after the words " Ohio
river," to strike out the words " by the States
upon whose territory said bridge will abut."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line eight, after the word " design " to insert
the words " and drawings."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section four, as amended, reads as follows:
Sec. 4. That any person, company, or corporation
authorized to construct a bridpre across the Ohio
river, shall give notice, by publication for one week
in newspapers having a wide circulation, not less
than two newspapers in the cities of Pittsburg, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Memphis, and New
Oi leans, and shall submit to the Secretary of "War,
for his examination, a design and drawings of the
bridge and piers and a map of the location, giving,
tor the space of at least one mile above and one
mile below, the proposed location, the topography
of the banksof theriver, the shore-lines athigh and
low water, the direction of the current at all stages,
and the soundings accurately showing the bed of the
stream, the location of any other bridge or bridges,
aud shall furnish such other information as may be
required for a lull and satisfactory understanding of
the subject by the Secretary of War; and if the
Secretary of War is satisfied that the provisions of
the law have been complied with in regard to loca-
tion, the building of the piers may be at once com-
menced ; but if it shall appear that the conditions
prescribed by this act cannot bo complied with at
the location where it is desired to construct the
bridge, the Secretary of War shall, after considering
any remonstrances filed against the building of said
bridge, aud furnishing copies of such remonstrances
to the board of engineers provided for in this act,
detail a board, oomposedof three experienced officers
of the corps of engineers, to examine the case, and
may, on their recommendation, authorize such
modifications in the requirements of this act, as to
location and piers, as will permit the construction of
the bridge; not, however, diminishing the width of
the spans contemplated by this act: provided, That
the free navigation of the river be not materially
injured thereby.
The next amendment was in section five,
line one, after the.word "owning" to insert the
word " occupying," and in line five, after the
word "owning" to insert the word "occupy-
ing;" so that the section will read :
Sec. 5. That all parties owning, occupying, or
operating bridges over the Qhio river, shall maintain,
at their own expense, from sunset to sunrise
throughout the year, such lights on their bridges as
may be required by the Light-House Board for the
security of navigation; and all persons owning,
occupying, or operating any bridge over the Ohio
river shall, in any event, maintain all lights on their
bridge that may be necessary for the security of nav-
igation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
eight, after the word "bridge" to insert the
words " and the United States shall have the
right of way for postal telegraph purposes
across any such bridge."
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. We have not yet entered
upon the business of the postal telegraph, and
when we do I think it will be time enough to
give the right of way over these bridges. Did
that amendment come from the Committee on
Commerce ?
Mr. SCOTT. That amendment is reported
from the Committee on Commerce. I sup-
pose there is not much probability of the
United States setting up a separate line across
one of these bridges until the general authority
is given.
Mr. CONKLING. I should think not.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator himself being a
member of the committee can probably inform
the Senate of the reason for inserting it better
than I can.
Mr. CONKLING. It is new to me that any
such amendment was offered, and I should like
to know the history of the amendment. This
bill was considered in the Committee on Com-
merce, very carefully examined as to its legal
questions, and examined otherwise. Unless
1 was asleep, no such amendment as this was
ever adopted in my presence in the committee,
and I inquire of the honorable Senator from
Michigan whether he ever heard of it before.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is it?
Mr. CONKLING. It is an amendment in
regard to the postal telegraph on this Ohio
bridge bill.
I do not recollect it.
Did the Senator ever
Mr. CHANDLER
Mr. CONKLING.
hear of it before?
Mr. CHANDLER.
Mr. CONKLING.
No, sir.
With all the industry I
have seen about, these lobbies and Chambers
in behalf of the postal telegraph scheme I
think this is the most remarkable product of
it. I can only say I never heard the sugges-
tion made until this moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not see any objec-
tion to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no knowledge about
it. I am not a member of the committee that
reported the bill 
Mr. CORBETT. I remember that it was
inserted in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to state that I am not
a member of the committee that reported this
bill, but owing to the State which I in part
represent being very deeply interested in it, I
have been requested to bring it before the
Senate. I have no feeling about this amend-
ment, aud if the members of the Committee
on Commerce do not desire to have it inserted,
I do not.
Mr. CONKLING. We all understand the
propriety and the reason of the Senator from
Pennsylvania moving to take up this bill.
That is all right. 1 think it is incumbent
upon him, knowing as 1 do the interest which
his State has in regard to it. Of course the
Senator from Pennsylvania had nothing to do
with the origin of this, but it is a very curious
thing. Here is an amendment, which has no
reference in the world to the subject of the
bill, the effect of which may be to commit
the United States upon a most important ques-
tion foreign to this subject, which has never
yet been acted upon, and that amendment is
heard here by several members of the com-
mittee for the first time. I want to acquit
myself from ever having heard of it before;
and I undertake to say that when the bill was
