4484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
a possibility, therefore, of the Government
getting possession of these great means of
transportation. We have done nothing to an-
ticipate the time wheu we may get possession
of these facilities and ought to have possession
of them. This is one movement in that direc-
tion, and whyshould we not take it? Suppose
the views of the Senator from New York
should forever govern this country and private
corporations should forever manage the tele-
graph business, then this amendment will do
no mischief. But suppose the Government
should think it proper and profitable to take
charge of the telegraph, this is a wise provision
in advance, that is all; and then we have had
more than a dozen bridge bills this winter in
which this provision exists.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope time will not be taken
in the discussion of this amendment. I have
referred to the original bill drafted at the War
Department, and I find that no such provision
as this was deemed necessary there, and I have
no doubt that as we have already reserved this
bridge as a post route in the section, whenever
the Government makes up its mind to make a
post road of the electric telegraph we shall find
the right of way over it. I do not think the
amendment is necessary, and I hope we shall
not be detained by discussion.
Mr. CONKLING. Then suppose the Senator
withdraws the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I am content
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
the power of the Senator to withdraw it; it is
the report of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my friend from
Pennsylvania to allow me about three minutes
to pass two or three bills from the Committee
on Commerce ?
Mr. POMEROY. I object to anything until
this bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made to the request, of the Senator from Mich-
igan. The question is on the amendment, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Minnesota will insist on the yeas
and nays. The Senator having the bill in
charge does not insist on the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
Y-EAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Buckingham, Chan-
dler, Clayton, Cole. Corbott, Kenton, Perry of Michi-
gan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morton,
Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, .Ramsey, Riee, Robertson,
Sawyer, Trumbull, and Windom—23.
NAYS —Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Conkling, Cooper. 3?lanaeran,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurman, "Vickers,
and W est—18.
ABSENT—Messrs.Anthony,Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Cragin, Davis oi Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Ransom, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner. Tipton, Wilson, and Wright—83.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section six, line fourteen,
after the word "in" to insert the words "or
opposite to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. IIow does that section
read now?
The Chief Clerk. Section six, as amended,
reads:
Sec. 6. That any bridge constructed under this act,
and according to its limitations, shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be recognized and known as a
post route, upon which, also, no higher charge shall
be made for the transmission over the same of the
mails, the troops, and the munitions of war of the
United States than the rate per mile paid for the
transportation over the railroads or public high-
ways leading to said bridge; and the United States
shall have the right of way for postal telegraph pur-
poses across any such bridge; and in case of any lit-
igation arising from any obstruction or alleged ob-
struction to the navigation of said river, created by
the construction of any bridge under this act, the
cause or question arising may be tried before the
distict court of the United States of any State in
or opposite to which any portion, of said obstruc-
tion or bridge touches.
Mr. CONKLING. That never was reported
from the Committee on Commerce either, and
I call the attention of the Senator who has
charge of the bill to the fact that it does not
make sense. If he will have the provision as
to jurisdiction read over again, he will see
that it does not. There was a very careful
amendment prepared in reference to that
which read differently and which did accom-
plish the purpose, but the amendment as read
now, I repeat, was not the one adopted by the
committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no other information
on that subject than that I am informed by
members of the committee that this is the
same provision which has been incorporated
into all the special charters of incorporation
that have been granted to bridge companies.
If this is defective, they are all defective. I
have not had my attention directed to it espe-
cially, but that is my information from the
chairman of the committee. I do not know in
what particular the Senator from New York is
of opinion that it is inoperative. It seems to
me it confers jurisdiction upon the United
States district courts over all such questions
arising out of obstructions by bridges.
Mr. CONKLING. Will not the Senator
read the language?
Mr. SCOTT. It is :
And in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the navigation
of said river, created by the construction of any
bridge under this act, the cause or question arising
may be tried before the district court of the United
States of any State in or opposite to which any por-
tion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill surprises me
in several respects. That language as it stands
now is language which crept by error into a
communication prepared at the Department.
So far from having gone into the other acts, it
has been corrected in the other acts on the
report of the committee. Now we hear from
the committee a report of an amendment
which not only is not the amendment adopted
in committee, but which is repugnant to amend-
ments reported by the committee and adopted
upon other bills touching this very point. And
there certainly is something extraordinary in
the vicissitude which this bill has undergone
since it was considered in the Committee on
Commerce. One amendment has been adopted
already which, according to the concurrent
testimony of the committee, never was con-
sidered in the committee at all at the time
when the bill was'acted upon, and now comes
an amendment the contrary of which, I am
very sure, was reported by the committee on
this bill and other bills, and it has been adopted
upon other bills to correct an error made in
the Department. Yet we are about to vote on
the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot account for the
diversities which exist in the opinions of the
various members of the Committee on Com-
mere©.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the diversity ?
Mr. SCOTT. The chairman of the com-
mittee informs me that this is the form in
which, this amendment came from the com-
mittee, and if the Senator will look at it he
will see that the only change is in the words
"or opposite to." All the rest of the phrase-
ology was in the original bill, and if there be
any change it is by the introduction of the
words " or opposite to." If that changes the
whole structure of this section so as to take
away the jurisdiction originally intended to be
conferred, I do not so understand it. It only
adds another court in which that jurisdiction
may be had by giving the jurisdicion not only
in one of the States, but in either of them.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator say
that the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce informs him that this is now as it was
adopted by the committee?
Mr. SCOTT. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce was in front of me when
I made that statement, and assented to it. j
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I say to my friend,
and I submit it to him, that the amendment
as it stands makes no sense. The words "or
opposite to " were adopted in the committee,
but they were adopted in connection with
other words which do not appear here, and
in connection with which they made sense.
"In or opposite to any portion of which said
obstruction or bridge touches, " is the lan-
guage here. Will the Senator tell me what
that means?
Mr. SCOTT. I understand that that means
in or opposite to either of the States in which
the bridge is.
Mr. CONKLING. Just read it.
Mr. SCOTT. "The district court of the
United States of any State in which or oppo-
site to which."
Mr. .CONKLING. You do not read it as
it reads in the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. The " which" is understood;
but I will read it as it is:
The cause or question arising maybe tried before
the district court of the United States of any State
in or.opposite to which any portion of said obstruc-
tion or bridge touches.
The word "which " is understood after the
word " in;" so that it will read " of any State
in which or opposite to which any portion of
said obstruction or bridge touches."
Mr. CONKLING. What is the meaning
of the expression " opposite to which any por-
tion of said obstruction or bridge touches ? "
Mr. SCOTT. Opposite to that State.
Mr. CONKLING. What becomes of the
word "touch?" What application has the
word "touch" in the phrase "opposite to
which it touches?"
Mr. SCOTT. Take for illustration the States
of Ohio and Kentucky, where a bridge is
located there. If a cause of action arose in
regard to that bridge, in the middle of the
stream, for instance, this language would give
to the United States district court in either of
those States jurisdiction of that question.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that inasmuch as low-water mark on the Ohio
side is the Ohio boundary, it gives expression
to it, it gives to either State jurisdiction.
Mr. SCOTT. That is my understanding.
The Senator from New York says he does not
object to the ameudment. If he does not, I
do not see any objection. Let it be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not managing this
bill. It is obvious there is some mistake in
the transmission of the bill as perfected in
committee to the files of the Senate. Here is
an amendment which we considered in refer-
ence to this bill and other special bills. It
has been reported; this language has been
stricken out and other language employed; at
least twice by a vote of the Senate it was
stricken out and changed; and yet the Senator
finds in hand a print which preserves an error
that crept, I repeat, into a communication
which came from one of the bureaus of the
Department, and was' copied into the bill
originally ; and it has been changed in other
bills on the report of the committee, it being
supposed that this language did not mean
anything that was intelligible to ascertain the
point.
Now, I call the Senator's attention to the
fact that this provides that '' the cause or
question arising may be tried before the dis-
trict court of the United States of any State
in or opposite to which said obstruction or
bridge touches." I do not know what that
means, and the Senator does not know what
it means, and if he thinks he does, it is beeafise
he has not looked at the language. It is to
be tried in any State opposite to which it
touches. What does that mean ? There are
the States of Ohio and Kentucky ; suppose it
is over in Kentucky, does it not touch oppo-
site to Ohio? What is the design, then? To
locate the jurisdiction in Ohio or Kentucky ?
But more than that, what is the propriety of
using the word "touches" in connection with
