1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4487
spanning the Ohio river, heavy as it is, constitute
but a small item of tbe aggregate loss resulting from
such obstructions. The great loss sustained is by
detention, arising from the necessity of landing our
tow-boats and waiting for daylight, not daring to
run the narrow channel-ways at night, thus involv-
ing loss of- time and extra expense of crews and
fuel, in addition to the extra hazards Of landing our
immense tows. Even passenger boats, at certain
stages of water, have to land and wait for daylight."
Here, then, is the result of an examination
by a board of engineers detailed for this pur-
pose : by requiring spang of four hundred
feet, which can be built at a slight additional
expense to all railroad companies that desire
hereafter to cross the river, a compromise is
effected between the railroad and river inter-
ests. The river interest demanded five hun-
dred feet as the span for all these bridges.
The engineers admit that four hundred feet is
necessary, and we go in the face of their re-
port if we adopt the amendment offered by
the Senator from West Virginia. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to. 1 shall
offer an amendment to make the language
clear in the eleventh line of the second sec-
tion, requiring the high span in all the bridges
above and below the mouth of the Big Sandy
to be four hundred feet. That is the inten-
tion, but the language is perhaps a little am-
biguous. I trust, however, that, for the rea-
sons given, the amendment offered by the
Senator from West Virginia will not be agreed
to, and that the span of four hundred feet will
be required in all these bridges as a matter
of justice not simply to those who live on the
upper Ohio and who carry coal down it, but
as well to those who live below and who are
interested in the cost of every bushel of coal
that goes down the Ohio river.
Here, as I said in the beginning, is a con-
test between those interested in the natural
channel of transportation, and those who wish
hereafter to erect artificial modes of transport-
ation across this natural one. I would not
interpose one unreasonable obstacle in the
way of the railroad companies, I would grant
them the privilege of crossing, but when they
can by the expenditure of a small additional
amount give the river interest a fair oppor-
tunity of carrying on their business without
obstruction and without loss, it is certainly
but reasonable and just that the opportunity
should be given in that way.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to draw the at-
tention of the Senate again to the fact that
my amendment goes to one single matter in
this bill, and that it does not interfere with
the lower Ohio even in that particular. It
applies to bridges that are hereafter to be
constructed above the mouth of the Big Sandy,
which is the lower line of the State of West
Virginia. The ordinary commerce of the
river is not affected one way or the other; it
is not her complaining at all. The truth is
that the class of passenger steamboats that we
had years ago on that river, before railroads
■were constructed, have been abandoned.
There is nothing now .upon it scarcely but
freight—the transportation of freight; and even
this does not complain, save and except one
interest, and that is the coal trade, to which the
Senator from Pennsylvania has called atten-
tion. I wish these facts to be before the minds
of Senators when they vote, so that this thing
may be narrowed down to precisely what it is.
In the next place, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has arrayed the loss of property as a
reason why the width of these spans should
be increased. In regard to the Steubenviile
bridge, it was built under and legalized by the
act of 1862. I have not one word to say as to
it. That was built in the interest of Penn-
sylvania. The great Pennsylvania railroads
wanted a way West. I call the attention of
Senators to the fact that that bridge was built
with a span of only three hundred feet, and to
the further fact, which will be seen in the report
of the engineers, that even in this span of three
hundred feet there is riprapping, as it is
called, of about twenty feet around the piers,
which reduces that span for all practical pur-
poses to about two hundred and sixty feet,
leaving a channel way in this bridge at Steu-
benviile of about two hundred and sixty feet.
Another fact in regard to the Steubenviile
bridge is that the piers there are not built as
required by the existing law: they are not
built as required by the bill which we have
before us; that is to say, parallel to the cur-
rent. That provision of the bill is all right;
but the piers there are diagonally aeross the
current; the current runs againstthem. There-
fore the coal-boats that are drifting aloDg run
against the piers of the Steubenviile bridge.
But I am not here to defend the Steuben-
viile bridge at all. It has been legalized by
an act of Congress. It is a bridge in which
my State has no interest whatever, except in
common with the rest «f the people of the
country, and I am not here to defend it.
The small losses that are referred to here at
the Bellaire bridge and at the Parkersburg
bridge ought not to be produced here as a
reason why the span should not be reduced,
as I claim, by my amendment. Why? If, sir,
you were familiar as I am with that river, you
would know that coal-boats are strung along,
thrown up on the shores all the way almost in
sight,from the head to the mouth of the river.
It results from the difficulty of navigation.
They are running against the heads of islands
in the bed of the river, they run against the
shore and stave their boats, and the current
is tortuous, and they lose a great deal more
coal where there are no bridges than they do
where the bridges do exist, because I appre-
hend that they have become cautious in nav-
igating where the bridges exist. So that I
trust the Senators will not allow the fact that
some $40,000 have been lost at Parkersburg
and forty or fifty thousand dollars at Bellaire
bridge to influence them in voting on the
amendment I have offered to this bill.
Now, sir, the question is whether the con-
struction of this modern mode of transporta-
tion by railway is to be stopped in its progress
from the Bast to the West merely to accom-
modate those gentlemen who are dealing m
coal at Pittsburg. I tell you as a fact that in
my own State there is developing a coal inter-
est which will far exceed that of Pennsylvania
in a very short time, and my constituents do
not object to the three hundred and fifty feet
span. Tbe coal fields in the valley of the
great Kanawha are illimitable, inexhaustible.
There are millions of bushels carried from
that valley now, and they will have to pass
some of the bridges that are to be construct-
ed as I contemplate by the amendment which
I have offered. Andyettheyarenotherecom-
plaining of this thing.
I am familiar with the navigation of the Ohio
river, and according to my judgment I may
say that objection to the three hundred and
fifty feet span as I have offered it in my amend-
ment ought not to be made. This ought not
to be all upon one side; there ought to be a com-
promise between these interests. No bridge
has been built yet of three hundred and fifty
feet span ; three hundred and twenty-seven feet
is the largest that has been built, and that is at
my town.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator is mistaken,
the bridge at Cincinnati is four hundred feet in
the clear.
Mr. BO REMAN. My amendment does not
apply to the lower Ohio at all. My amend-
ment applies to that portion of the river which
is above the mouth of Big Sandy within my
own State, and I venture to say that the loss
of coal by reason of the construction of these
bridges is a mere matter of moonshine as com-
pared to the amount of coal that has been lost
by drifting against the shores, by running
against the heads of islands and the natural
obstructions of the river.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from
West Virginia if he will give me three or four
minutes to put a little bill on its —-■>—> 
Mr. MORTON. This bill is of more import-
ance than any billyou have.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is to be talked all
day, we may as well lay it on the table. *
Mr. MORTON. It is of general importance,
and it is worth all the little bills there are in
the Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I am not
talking against time. I am doing what I be-
lieve to be my duty, and in my first statement
I cut short my remarks much more than I
should have done had we been in the middle
of a session and not at so late an hour. I do
not want to consume time ; but I want the
Senate before they vote upon the amendment
which I have offered to understand the f.icts.
It does not need argument, it simply wants a
statement of facts, and I am satisfied that when
the Senate understand the facts, understand
the condition of that river, understand the
commerce of that river, and that none of it is
here complaining except one particular inter-
est, they will not require these railroad com-
panies to construct bridges with spans that will
cost them hundreds of thousands of dollars
merely for the accommodation of one interest.
But, sir, I do not wish to consume time. I
am willing to have a fair vote upon this amend-
ment which I have proposed. Therefore I
will abstain for the present from any further
remarks.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say a word,
because this is an important matter. The
argument of my friend from West Virginia, I
think, amounts to this: that one obstruction
in the way of a bridge is justified by two, and
may be made a precedent for the third. The
other argument of my friend is that the greater
part of the coal that goes down the Ohio river
is hereafter to be supplied from West Virginia,
and will not come from Pittsburg or that
neighborhood. That may be the result here-
after, but that is not the case now. The coal
coming down Trom West Virginia, it is true,
will strike the Ohio river below where this
Wheeling bridge is to be constructed, and will
not be impeded by the bridge, but the coal
above that will be.
The Senator says that there is but one
interest complaining about narrow-span
bridges, and that is the coal interest. Let me
tell my friend that is the greatest interest Lis
State has got, and that is the greatest interest
on the Ohio river, and you will understand the
importance of it when the amount of coal
t.aken down the Ohio river is estimated at
over one hundred million bushels and increas-
ing, for the country from Pittsburg to New
Orleans is measurably dependent upon this coal,
and coal is taken from Pittsburg to make gas
at St. Louis, and on the Mississippi river,
perhaps on the Missouri river as far as
Omaha. I presume they get their coal for gas
from Pittsburg. The Senator from Nebraska
nods in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator stated what
I suppose is a fact but what I never knew
until this moment, that the people up the
Missouri as far as Omaha got their coal from
Pittsburg to make their gas.
Mr. MORTON. It is a fact.
Mr. CAMERON. I am glad to hear it, but
I did not know it before.
Mr. MORTON. There is a bridge at Steu-
benviile that is an actual obstruction, so found
in fact by the wreck of coal-barges, so reported
by the board of engineers. The same thing
at Bellaire; the same thing at Parkersburg.
The coal navigation of that river can stand
two or three obstructions, but it cannot stand
twenty. Every additional obstruction adds to
the cost of the coal, and the time will come,
I have no doubt,, when the Congress of the
United States will require these three bridges
to be pulled down or to be altered so as to
give wider spans. It wiil be to the interest
ot the country to do it though it shall be done
at the public expense. It is not simply the
number of coal-boats destroyed at these
