4488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
June 10,
bridges, but the delay occasioned to nearly
every coal fleet. If they come there in the
night they must wait until morning. If they
come in a high wind, they must wait until the
wind has subsided, and there is actual lops to
every coal fleet that comes down the river <?n
account of those three narrow-span bridges.
If you increase that number from three to
twenty, it amounts almost to an absolute ob-
struction of the navigation of the river, for, as
I -said before, navigation may get over ope,
two, or three obstructions, but it cannot get
over twenty. That destroys the profit of it.
On the lower Ohio the spans of bridges are
required by this bill to be four hundred feet in
width, and besides that, to have a pivot draw
of one hundred feet in the clear on each side.
That is an additional requirement on the lower
Ohio.
Mr. BOREMAN. Not in this bill.
Mr. MORTON. There is just as much rea-
son in requiring that on the imper Ohio as on
the lower Ohio. The most of the heavy coal
fleets start from Pittsburg, and because yon
call it the upper Ohio that makes no differ-
ence in point of fact or reason. Why, sir,
take the bridges we expect to have built from
Indiana to Kentucky ; there the river is a
great deal wider, as wide again as it is oppo-
site West Virginia, and the work is far more
expensive on that account, and yet they are
required to have the broad-spau bridges there
and the draw.
There is no difficulty at all in building bridges
of four hundred feet span. A four hundred
feet span can be made just as safe as one of
three hundred, and the additional expense is
not very great. Whatever increase there may
be in regard to the length of span is saved in
another respect by diminishing the number of
the piers ; so that bridges with spans of four
hundred feet, taking them all together, do not
cost much more than the narrow-span bridges
because of the saving in the number of the
piers. Now, how much is in controversy in
this case? Fifty feet. The Senator from West
Virginia, wants it three hundred and fifty feet,
and I suppose, to come down to the actual
fact, it is to accommodate a single railroad,
crossing at Wheeling!
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
There are several railroads projecting bridges,
two or three certainly.
Mr. MORTON. That makes it all the
worse; two or three additional obstructions,
and the proposition is to plant obstructions in
the Ohio river permanently to save the railroad
companies the additional expense of making
the span fifty feet wider. There is the whole
proposition. The bridge at Cincinnati is four
hundred feet, at Louisville four hundred and
twenty-five, the bridge now building at St.
Louis is to have three spans each five hundred
and fifteen feet in the clear. There is no
difficulty in the construction of such bridges,
but it is a work of time.
Now, sir, the navigation of the Ohio river is
becoming more important from year to year,
and especially in regard to the coal interest.
They have found out now that they can trans-
port coal very cheaply. ' They put a number
of coal-barges together making a tow in the
shape of a newspaper folded, some of them
eight hundred feet long and two hundred feet
in width. They are controlled by a stern-wheel
steamer attached to the back part, the stern,
of the tow. It is an unwieldy mass, and the
cheapness of transportation depends upon the
amount of coal that can be conveyed by a single
steamer. You can readly understand that this
immense mass, weighing many thousand tons,
cannot be handled in passing between the piers
of a bridge except when it is perfectly calm
and in the day-time. Therefore the import-
ance of giving them at least four hundred feet.
The matter has been examined by the engin-
eer department, and they have reported that
these bridges should not be less than'four hun-
dred feet span, and now the question is simply,
will the Congress of the United §tates, for the
purpose of saving a little ^<j<^ti°n^l expense
to.tw,o or three r^ilr°^4 c.PWP,%rl.1?S! allow them
to plant for all '.timeperpwinept pbstriictipns
ifi tte Ohio ri'yer? Th^t is the whole questiorj.
We insist tlift $iesp interests j&$ll be mu-
tpallyprotected3; tjiaj, if.tkf railroad coppanies
south of the Big Sap.dy can~ afford to build
bridge of four hundred fe,et span, the railroad
companies nqrth pf I?ig Sanely can just as
well build tlieip. T^e river is narrower further
up, and therefore it is easier for them to do it
than it is for the railjoad companies below to
do it. jfhey are require^ to do it; we agree
to do it; all we ask noy is that the navigation
of this great river shall be protected from
Pittsburg dofn. It is no hardship on tlje
railroad companies. Those railroad com-
panies have no more right to be favored than
those lower down, and the coal-tows are just
as large, as long, and broad on the upper
Ohio as thej are on the lower Ohio, or even
on the Mississippi itself. Therefore, why this
distinction ? It 8,eeins to me it is nof well
founded.
Mr. THUBJIAN. I cannot quite agree
with the Senator from Indiana in saying that
it matters not where the fcricjge is erected,
whetBer at "Reeling or whether at £jOui§-
ville, and that for the very plain reason that
three hundred and fifty feet may be all thie
navigable channel at Wheeling, while the navi-
gable channel at liouisville or at Cincin-
nati may be twice that width or more. I do
not think it follows, because you may require
four hundred feet at Cincinnati or at Louis-
ville or below Louisville, that you should re-
quire four hunted feet above the Big Sandy.
Reference is to be had to the width of the navi-
gable channel, of course considering that chan-
nel at all stages of water. Certainly nothing
would be more unreasonable than to haye a
Procrustean bed for a subject of this kind.
If your bridge has a span sufficient to cover
the entire navigable channel of the river or as
much of that navigable channel as may be
necessary for the purpose of navigation, that
is all that is required ; and if that navigable
channel is only three hundred- and fifty feet
then the span of your bridge need be no naore
than three hundred amj fifty feet, but if the
navigable channel be more than that then it
may be very wise to require a larger span.
Now, sir, I have felt a little curiosity to
know where the idea originated of a three
hundred feet span. It will be remembered
that the first act of Congress upon this subject
fixed the span at three hundred feet. It fixed
it at that for the bridge at Bellaire and for the
bridge at Parkersburg, and I have had some
little curiosity to find out where the idea of a
three hundred feet span for the upper Ohio
originated. At last-1 have discovered it. It
will be found to have originated in the testi-
mony taken in the very celebrated case of the
State of Pennsylvania The Wheeling Bridge
Company, which is first noticed in 9 Howard's
Reports and then again in 11 Howard, and
finally decided in 13 Howard That was a case
in which the State of Pennsylvania filed a bill
against the Wheeling Bridge Company, a cor-
poration created by the State of'Virginia to
build a bridge at Wheeling across the Ohio
river, charging that that bridge was a nuisance
and asking that it might be abated. After vari-
ous arguments in that case and overruling a
plea to the jurisdiction of the court, it was
referred to a master and the master was no less
distinguished a person than the ex-chaneellor
of New York, Chancellor Walworth. He re-
ported, after hearing the testimony intheca.se,
three propositions to the court, three findings,
to the effect: " first, that the bridge is not an
obstruction to the free navigation of the Ohio
by any vessels propelled by sail." That he
might well report, because there is no such
navigation there. "Second, that the bridge is
an obstruction to free navigation of the Ohio
by vessels propelled by steam." The third I
finding was " that, the change or alteration
which >can and should be made in the construc-
tion and existing condition of the bridge is to
raise tie cable —it wijs a suspension bridge—
" and flooring in such manner as to give a level
headway at least three hundred feet wide over a
tfqhyeni'erit part of the channel, of not less than
one hundred and twenty feet above the level of
zero of the Wheeling water-gauge." There is
where the idea of three hundred feet span origin-
ated. It originated in the testimony laid before
Chancellor Walworth as special master com-
missioner in this celebrated case, and reported
by him as his conclusion upon that testimony
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and which laid the foundation for the well-
known decision in that case. That was fol-
lowed afterward by Congress in the leave that
was granted to the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company to construct its bridges at Bell-
aire and at Parkersburg.
' Jrlr. BOREMAN. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to correct him? Itwas ageneral
law authorizing bridges to be constructed of
three hundred feet span.
Mr. THURMAN. I know; but that gen-
eral act grew out of this very case which was
decided at the December term, 1851. Eleven
years afterward Congress passed a general act
adppting the three hundred feet span from the
conclusion of Chancellor Walworth, and the
Supreme Court of the United States on the
testimony of the engineers anql of men engaged
in the navigation of the river, given in that
calebrated case.
Now, the policy of a general law is to my
mind somewhat doubtful, and that for this
reason: nothing could better illustrate it than
it is illustrated by the existing fact; take for
instance the bridge at Beljaire, which has.a
span of three hundred $nd eight or three hun-
dred and nine feet, I think.
Mr. FOREMAN. Three hundred and twen-
ty-two feet in the clear between the piers.
Mr. THURMAN. "I have never heard any
complaint pf that bridge. Why? Because
the bridge is in a long straight reach of the
river, at)d therefore flotillas may pass it with-
out difficulty. The same thing can be said
of the Parkersburg bridge, the span of which
is three hundred and twenty-seven feet; but
in regard to the Steubenville bridge the
ease is different. There the difficulty arises
not simply, as is supposed, from the nar-
rowness of the span, but because the bridge
is built immediately, below a bend in the
river. If the straight reach in the river
was as long at Steubenville as it is at Bellaire
or at Parkersburg there lyould be very little
obstruction to navigation. I am extremely
doubtful, therefore, whether you can frame
any general law upon this subject. It rather
seems to me that every case ought to stand
upon its own particular merit; or if you do
frame any general law it ought to be subject to
some intelligent supervision of officers spe-
cially competent to decide upon the question.
I repeat, and I speak from my own observa-
tion and I speak from the knowledge of every-
body who is acquainted with the subject, that
the width of the span is not the only element
in the problem. You can get along with a
much narrower span where there is a long
straight reach of the river than you can with
a broader span where the bridge is built im-
mediately below a bend in the river, and every
Senator can understand by a moment's reflec-
tion why this must be so. I repeat, that is
the trouble at Steubenville. If there were a
long straight reach in the river at Steubenville,
as there is at Bellaire and as there is at Park-
ersburg, you would have heard very little com-
plaint of the Steubenville bridge.
Tt does seem to me, therefore, that there is
great doubt, and we ought to hesitate before
we pass a general bill upon such a subject as
this. I repeat, the site of the bridge has as much
to do with it as the width of the span, and
perhaps after all it is better that there should
