1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4489
be a decision upon each case than that there
should be a general law; but if yon will have
a general law, if it is advisable to have a gen-
eral law, then I must say that if tHe naviga-
tion of the river can be. successfully conducted
with a bridge of three hundred and twenty-
two feet span at Bellaire, and three hundred
and twenty-seven at Parkersburg, and less
than that at Steubenville, it does seem to me
that-three hundred and fifty feet at Wheeling,
which is far above either of those points, is
sufficient. It was the opinion of the engineers
in that celebrated case to which I have re-
ferred, Pennsylvania jjs.'The Wheeling Bridge
Company, that a span of three hundred feet at
Wheeling was sufficient. Congress thought
so when it passed the act of 1862, which has
allowed the Steubenville bridge, the Bellaire
bridge, and the Parkersburg bridge all to be
built with less than three hundred and fifty feet
span, with only three hundred and twenty-two
and three hundred and twenty-seven feet, and
now if we require three hundred and fifty feet
at Wheeling, so far as I know we require as
much there and more there than is required
at the other three places.
I agree that this, is a subject of great con-
cern. I have stood by the river navigation
against the railroad companies in more contests
than one upon this subject. I stood firmly by
the river navigation with my colleague in the
matter of the bridge at Cincinnati. I am still
in favor of the river navigation, and believe
that no railroad ever will carry coal as cheap
as it can be carried upon the rivers. I believe
it to be an utter impossibility for any railroad
ever to carry coal as cheaply as it can be car-
ried by water navigation. I am, therefore,
friendly to the river navigation ; but I do not
at this moment perceive how we can tolerate
bridges of three hundred, three hundred and
twenty-two, or three hundred and twenty-seven
feet span far below Wheeling, and say that
Wheeling shall not have a bridge of three hun-
dred and fifty feet span.
I have a word to say on another matter, as
to which I should like explanation from the
gentleman who has the bill in charge. But
before I leave this subject I will say that I
think the amendment of my friend from West
Virginia would be better if instead of saying
"above Big Sandy," he would say "above
Bellaire." And now I want to understand
some provisions of this bill that I do not quite
comprehend, and for that purpose I addres?
myself to the gentleman who has it in charge.
It provides that—
This high span shall give a clear opening of at
least four hundred feet between the piers, measured
at right angles to the current at every stage; and
that it shall be placed over the main ehannel of the
river used by boats during ordinary stages of water:
Provided, Thatin case this high span is notoverthe
low-water channel-
By which I understand that part of the river
which is the channel a^low water; I suppose
there is no doubt about that—
That in case this high span is not over the low-
water channel, suitable arrangements be made else-
where to permit the passage of single boats under
the bridge atlow water.
I confess that I am totally unable to under-
stand the meaning of that. The low-water
channel is always the high-water channel, if
there is no obstruction in the navigation of tl>e
river. The low-water channel, that is, that
which affords navigation at low water, is always
the deepest water at high water. Therefore I
do not understand why there is not negation
under the span which is to bo made oveir the
low-water channel at any stage of the water,
unless, indeed, it be that stage of water when
the water is so high that there would not be
space on that channel between the w&tw and
the bridge. But I do not §nd any provision
made for making any differenpe, nor in the
nature of things could there very well be a dif-
ference between the height of the Ijridge over
the water at any particular part of th<? bridge.
Mr. HARLAN. I wpuld inquire of the
honorable Senator if he would give way for a
motion to go into e?^cutive session 1.
JUr. THUJJMAIJ. I shall conclude in five
minutes all I have to say, and then J will give
Way to anything, or rather I will give way to
my friend who has the bill in charge, for I am
not speaking against the bill, and certainly
hav^ no disposition to debate it at length. I
have thrown out for his consideration what
that means. Then it goes on :
That all bridges over the Ohio river below the Cov-
ington and Cincinnati suspension bridge, slia!l have,
in addition to the* high span prescribed above, a
pivot-draw, giving two clear openings of one hun-
dred and sixty feet each, measured at right angles
to the current at tho average stage of water in the
river, and located in a part of the bridge that can be
safely and conveniently reached at that stage; and
that said draw shall be opened promptly upon rea-
sonable signal for the passage of boats whose con-
struction snail not be such as to admit of their pas-
sage under the stationary spans of said bridge.
Now, I should like to have some explana-
tion of that. What kind of a boat, pray, is it
that is so constructed that it cannot have pas-
sage under the stationary span of the bridge,
and that span of four hundred feet? Is it
meant that every boat that has a chimney so
high that it cannot pass under that four hun-
dred feet span shall'have'a draw m^de for it?
I really do not understand this provision at
all. It amounts to that, it seenis to m^, or
else there is no reason in the world why the
provision should betiere in this way, speaking
of boats that are not so constructed as to pass
under the stationary span of the bridge. It
had better be provided at once that every such
bridge shall have a draw. It can mean noth-
ing at all unless it means that in respect to
every boat whose chimneys are so high that it
cannot pass under the permanent span of the
bridge at high water, there shall be for such a
boat as that a draw. Then you had better
proyid^ for the draw at once, and not provide
for'it in this kind of language, that the draw
shall oply be for the benefit of a particular
class of boats.
I wanted to call the attention of the Senator
who has the bill in charge to these provisions
which seem to me to be very obscure. It may
be that my ignorance makes them obscure to
me.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator give way to receive a message from
House of Representatives ?
Mr. THURMAN.' I have said all I desire
to say.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted on its amend-
ments to-the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, asked
for a further conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had.
had appointed Mr. James A. Garfield of
Ohio, Mr. Frank W. Palmer of Iowa, and
Mr. William E. Niblack of Indiana, man-
agers at the same on its part.
?RII>GE9 ACROSS THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Will not the Senator
yield to allow a committee of conference to
be appointed in response to the message just
received?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not just now. We will
stick to the regular order for a minute or two.
Mr. SCQTT. That objection being made,
I only wish to say that I haVe this bill in charge
simply because the interests of my constituents
require me to press it. I have not given to it
that attention which I would have given to it
if it had been before a committee of which I
v?a$ a member, but it is a bill prepared by the
engineer department, who had this whole sub-
ject under examination, and it was trans-
Wilted along with the letter of the Secretary
of War, who sent us the report of the en-
gineers, and this bill accompanied it, so that
the committee has had the benefit of all'the
engineering skill in making these provisions
of Lhe W ar Department before it, and I have
a.eted in confidence upon the report for that
reason.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can suggest a
compromise or adjustment of this bridge mat-
ter thfit will be satisfactory to the people liv-
ing along the line of the river, and yet be just
to ajl parties, It is hard now to exclude the
city of Wheeling from building a bridge of a
narrower span, that right having been granted
to Steubenville, Bellaire, and Parkersburg. I
suggest, therefore, as there are three short-span
bridges along the line of the river, the same
right be extended to the city of Wheeling of
building a bridge of a span not less than, say,
three hundred and fifty feet. That would then
furnish bridges to the larger towns from Pitts-
burg down to Parkersburg. It seems to me
such an adjustment as that would be fair*
Let the law be general, applying to the Ohio
river from Pittsburg down to Cairo, but make
an exception for the bridge at Wheeling with
the restrictions made by the Senator from
West Virginia. It seems to me that would be
fair. At' Wheeling there is no difficulty in
passing a bridge of that kind, and if a bridge
of three hundred and fifty feet span should
be allowed at Wheeling, it will accomplish
a double purpose : we shall then have a gen-
eral law to prevent hereafter the construction
of bridges from Pittsburg down except with
a wider span, and allow Wheeling to stand on
the same footing with Steubenville, Bellaire,
and Parkersburg. It seems to me that ad-
justment might be made with a fair regard to
the interests of the rivpr-men and of the rail-
roads. I simply propose this, and hope it will
be accepted, and that then we shall pass the
bill-
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word
before that is done.
Mr. SCOTT. When the Senator from West
Virginia made the proposition to make this
exception I sent the proposal to the river-
men at Pittsburg, and I received this dis-
patch in reply;
" Since sending dispatch of yesterday a meeting
of experienced river-men was held, at which it was
un&nimously decided that a bridge of even five hun-
dred feet span would be almost an entire blockade
of the river at that point."
Mr. THURMAN. Where ?
, Mr. SCOTT. At the point where the bridge
is proposed to be built at Wheeling.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 am sur-
prised that the Senator from West Virginia
should object to an increase of these spans. _ I
do not know of anybody so much interested in
the wide spans of bridges as the people of
West Virginia. Their coal is the same as the
Westmoreland coal of Pennsylvania, pecu-
liarly adapted to making gas. It is really their
great staple, one upon which their wealth must
depend hereafter, and if we obstruct that river
their trade ceases to a great extent. I have
nothing to do with railroads out there, and do
not care anything about them; but it is much
easier now to make a span of six hundred feet
and make it perfectly safe than it was to make
the little span whieh I saw in the first wooden
bridge built in the United States. That was
over the Susquehanna river about forty miles
above its mouth. It was built about 1814.
The width of the river there is about sixty-five
feet. The banks are about three hundred feet
high, and the wonder was that a bridge could
be built across the river at McCall's Ferry
where the banks were so high ; but the geniua
of the first man who invented wooden arches,
Theodore Burr, a cousin of Aaron Burr, who
came from New York to Pennsylvania and
built the first bridge over the Susquehanna and
the first bridge oVer the Delaware, overcame
that obstacle by saying, " I win put my false
works up in the river when the ice covers the
