1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4491
wise as he will then be. [Laughter.] I am
rejoiced to find that he agrees with what seems
to me the proper course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That illustrates the dif-
ference between the training of my honorable
friend and myself, if he will pardon me. To
use an expression which Burke or somebody
I believe [laughter] used, I am not and I
hope I shall not be one of those who, in spite
of religion and philosophy, continue to be
perverse, and, as he expressed it, whose gray
hairs bring no increase of wisdom, and who
remain ignorant in spite of experience. So
that this is the difference between us. 1 hope
we shall both improve in thatrespect. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is a motion to recede
from one of the amendments adopted by the
Senate in order ? If it is, I make the motion
that the Senate insist on all its amendments
except one, the tenth I believe, which imposes
incongruous matter on this bill. 1 propose to
recede from that amendment and insist on all
the others, and I ask if that is in order?
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest whether that
be in order. This bill contains ninety-three
amendments. Ninety-two of them have been
unanimously agreed upon by the committee
of conference, but we have not reported that
fact to the Senate. We have here a message
received from the House of Eepresentatives,
and we are informed that there has been a
disagreement without stating in what point
that disagreement exists. I suggest to my
honorable friend from Illinois it' he will let
this report go back to the conferees they will
probably report that they have agreed upon
ninety-two amendments, and agreed unani-
mously, and that there is only one which is
the subject-matter of difference, and that can
be reported as not agreed to by the committee
of conference, which will bring a direct vote
in the Senate upon that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The report must be made
in the House" first.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, not now. The
House ask for a conference and we act first in
the Senate, as I understand the rule. It was
different before. But that is neither here nor
there. If the report is recommitted to the
conference committee, they would report, what
is true in point of fact, that there has been a
unanimous agreement on ninety-two amend-
ments, and the Senate would then have before
it in parliamentary shape the only amendment
upon which there has been any disagreement,
and we could have a direct vote upon it.^ I
suggest to the Senator that would be easiest
and quickest way to reach this difficulty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio is first in order,
because that is the motion which tends most
to bring the two Houses together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not in order to
move to recede from our amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to recede from all our amendments would be
in order, because ,that would be a motion
which would bring the two Houses nearer
together. The motion that brings the two
Houses nearest together is the motion that
takes precedence. The Senator from Ohio
moves that we insist on our amendments and
agree to the conference asked by the House.
The Senator from Illinois moves to insist on
all the amendments but one and to recede from
that. , .
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would bring us
nearer together, would it not? The Senator
from Ohio proposes to insist on all the amend-
ments; I propose to give up part of them be-
fore the conference is appointed; and it seems
to me that would bring the two Houses nearer
,0 fhe'pRESI DENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks, according to the rules, the motion of
the Senator from Ohio is first in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is m order I can-
not help it.
The PRESIDENT/jro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senatorfrom Ohio,
that the Senate insist on its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House, and agree to the con-
ference asked for by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. STEVENSON and Mr. EDMUNDS.
By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will appoint Mr. Cole, Mr. Edmunds, and
Mr. Stevenson.
JOHN 0. BEAUMONT,
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2876.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to resume the con-
sideration of the bill that was laid on the table
for the purpose of appointing a conference
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire will allow us to jmss the
bridge bill. He knows what great interests
are dependent upon it.
Mr. CRAGIN. This is a very short bill
and will take but a moment. This bridge
question is evidently going to occupy all the
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit, a
proposition on that bill, that it be acted upon
without further debate, for every Senator
understands the matter. The two proposi-
tions submitted "by the Senator from West
Virginia are the only questions now to be
voted upon.
Mr. CRAGIN. This bill is one in the charge
of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Ferry]
who has occupied the chair so long, and he
asked me to try and get it up. He is now out
of the chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
is in order, the other bill having been laid
upon the table.
Mr. SCOTT. If that bill will only occupy
but a moment, let it be taken up, as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has the floor, and
then I hope to take up the bridge bill and dis-
pose of it. I think we have now reached the
point where we can certainly come to a vote
upon it before four o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2876) for the
relief of John C. Beaumont. It authorizes
the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Sentate, to
restore John C. Beaumont to the position of
captain on the active list, to take position at
the foot of the list of captains; but the passage
of this act is not to entitle him to draw any
additional back pay.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bridges across the ohio eivbr.
Mr. SCOTT. I now move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the Ohio river
bridge bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 827) to
authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Ohio river, and to prescribe the dimen-
sions of the same.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
West Virginia, [Mr. Boreman.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the consent of the
Senate that further debate on this bill be now
at an end, and that we proceed to vote on the
amendments that may be offered. Every Sen-
ator ought to be informed on this subject. I
ask unanimous consent, with a view to expe-
dite public business, that there be no further
debate on this bill and amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks unanimous consent that
the vote on this bill and the amendments
thereto shall be taken without further debate.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not want to debate
the pending amendment, but I have another
amendment that 1 wish to offer 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Ohio is that the
vote be taken upon the pending amendments
and upon the bill without further debate. Is
that agreed to? The Chair hears no objection.
The question now is on the amendment of the
Senatorfrom West Virginia, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Carpen-
ter, Cragin, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Hill. Hitchcock, Norwood, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Pratt', Robertson, Stewart, Thurman.
Tipton, Vickers, West, and Windom—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Casserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, i'eriton, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Howo, Kelly, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill ot Vermont, Morton, Ramsey,
Scott, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Cole, Cooper, Corbott, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin,
Johnston, Kellogsr, Lewis, Logan, Patterson. Pom-
eroy, Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull, and
Wright—31.
So the amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish now to offer a
veroal amendment about which there will be
no controversy, I apprehend. This bill pro-
vides that notice shall be given in certain
newspapers in Pittsburg, Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, St. Louis, Memphis, and New Orleans.
I wish to amend that clause so that for bridges
above the mouth of the Big Sandy it will be
sufficient to publish in Pittsburg, Cincinnati,
and Louisville. It is not necessary to go fur-
ther. I presume there will be no objection to
that amendment, and it will save a good deal
of expense.
Mr. SCOTT. I thiuk the clause had better
remain as it is. Parties interested in a thing
of this kind need not stumble at the expense
of advertisements in two or three papers.
The whole river is interested in the question.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by inserting at the end of line five,
section four, the words " of Pittsburg, Cincin-
nati, and Louisville, for bridges above the
mouth of the Big Sandy, and in the cities."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. It will be remembered that
a few days ago a bill was passed unanimously,
on the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, relieving tug-boats and freight-
boats on the Mississippi and Ohio rivers from
the pressure fixed by the general law. That
bill has come ba'ck from the House_ of Rep-
resentatives with amendments to it which
will probably give rise to some contest. To
avoid any probability of a failure I wish to
have the opportunity of putting that bill on
as an amendment to this, so that it can ba
concurred in by the House. It simply ex-
tends for one year the provisions of the law
formerly passed regulating the pressure on
steam tug-boatSj &c. * on the Ohio and Mia-
sissippi rivers. It is the printed bill which
I send to the Cbair, striking out "sixmonths"
and inserting " one year."
Mr. CONKLING. That, I understand, with
that single exception, is the same bill that we
passed ?
Mr. SCOTT. The same one.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not believe any-
body will olyect to that.
