1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4493
of less than four hundred feet span, under-
standing that that length of span is now con-
sidered entirely safe. The science of engin-
eering has deelared that to be so. I believe
all bridges to a certain extent are obstructions,
and certainly those who live south of the bridge
and are dependent upon that country for their
supplies are interested in all questions that
involve obstructions in either the Ohio or the
Mississippi or any of their tributaries. I shall
now vote against the adoption of the amend-
ment, and I made these remarks in order to
set myself right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
certainly understood that the arrangement was
that the vote upon the amendments on the
pending bill should be taken without debate.
The Chair has no power to enforce such an
understanding.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cooper, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Hamilton of Maryland. Harlan, Hitchcock,
Morrill of Vermont, "Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, ThurrjOan, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, and "West—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Caldwell. Cameron,
Casserly, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Kelly, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osbarn, Pomeroy.
Ransom, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, and
Stockton—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Rice, Schurz, Stevenson, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—31.
So the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM P. BARKER.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1564. It concerns only a small matter of
$200.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1564) for the relief
of William F. Barker, postmaster at North-
ville, Pulton county, New York. It authorizes
and directs the Auditor of the Treasury for the
Post Office Department to credit William P.
Barker, postmaster at Northvillc, in the county
of Fulton and State of New York, in his ac-
count, with the sum of $200, being the value
of postage stamps stolen from the safe of the
office by burglars on the night of the 30th of
December, 1870, without fault or negligence
on the part of the postmaster.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
TOW AND FREIGHT BOATS.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senate passed a bill
relating to the limitation of steam pressure on
tow and freight boats on the Ohio river and on
its tributaries, and has just passed the same as
an amendment to the bridge bill. The bill
went to the House and was amended by ex-
tending it over all steam vessels in the western
waters in certain particulars. Although I am
in favor of the amendment of the House on a
proper bill, I do not want this bill killed with
it, and I therefore, with a view to the amend-
ment being abandoned, move that the Senate
disagree to the amendment and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. I object, and raise the
point of order that it cannot be done until the
morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. Why so?
Mr. CONKLING. It cannot be laid before
the Senate exceot when Rule 24 allows it
to be done. The rule says when that shall
be, and I object to its being laid before the
Senate until that time comes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not the Senator from
New York willing to have a vote ?
Mr. CONKLING. I object to its being taken
up in any form. It is an attempt under a dis-
guise to force upon us the whole body of the
steamboat bill boiled down and put in concen-
trated form. We have just adopted anamend-
ment which reenacts the bill we put on the
other day extending for a year the exemption
to these barges. We have done that already,
and therefore I feel more free than I should
otherwise to raise this point of order ; and I
insist upon it. I will not allow the bill to be
taken up at all if my objection can prevent it.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say, in regard
to that, that if I were certain that the bridge
bill would pass the House I would not ask
this. It is in order "to make assurance
doubly sure," but I assure the Senator from
New York that I will do all I can to have this
amendment disagreed to, so that the bill may
pass during the session.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt of it,
but the difficulty is this: I understand how
this steamboat bill is being pushed and who
does it; I think on that one point I am edu-
cated. The result of this will be to get into a
conference committee on a refusal to agree
unless this is consented to. Then we shall
find ourselves opposed by a report, all of which
must be taken or all of which must be voted
down. In the mean time, in place of adopting
this provision which has been put on the bridge
bill, the friends of this proper measure in the
House may trust to this bill which has come
over here, and between the two we shall fail
altogether, or else we shall be compelled to
accept these steamboat provisions, which I
have said so often, and I beg pardon for repeat-
ing again, shall not be adopted at this ses-
sion without discussion if I can prevent it, and
therefore I insist on my point of order.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the President to
decide the point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The twenty-
fourth rule is explicit upon the subject of when
business of this kind can be laid before the
Senate. Although it has been customary to
entertain it at all times, yet if objected to the
rule requires that it shall be laid before the
Senate after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not that one of the
rules suspended ? An order was made to sus-
pend certain rules, and I think that was one
of them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio probably refers to the sixteenth
and seventeenth joint rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They do
not cover this rule.
henry n. galpin.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senate
to take up House bill No. 1786, similar to the
one which has just passed on the motion of
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Fjsntos,]
a very short bill for the relief of a postmaster.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Senate, whether it is the custom of the
Government of the United States to pass laws
for the relief of all public officers who may have
money, post office stamps, or other valuable
things taken from them by burglars. I will
not detain the Senate by elaborating on this
point. The man who executes a bond for the
discharge of his duty is by the law under that
bond responsible for whatever may escape
from his hands. In the case of a great con-
flagration like that which occurred at Chicago-
there might be exceptions and the .Government
might be called upon to come forward and
grant relief j but ordinarily I hold that all per-
sons who execute bonds for the faithful per-
formance of their duties should be held to
account for what they may have lost either
through burglary or otherwise. If you do not
do this, then you had better abolish altogether
the law which requires that bonds shall be
given in order to save the Government from
loss, for I say you will find plenty of officers
under this or any other Government who will
lose the money of the Government by burglary
or otherwise if it be the will of the nation
whenever an appeal is made to Congress to
grant relief and restore them to that which the
Government has lost.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senator from
Connecticut to let me make a report from a
committee of conference.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like tc
have this bill passed. I have been trying a
very long time to get it up, and it will take
but a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1786) for the
relief of Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Ber-
lin, Connecticut. By it the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury are directed, in settling
the accounts of Henry N. Galpin, as postmaster
at Berlin, Connecticut, to credit and allow to
him the sum of $150 postage stamps, of which
he was robbed by burglars on the night of
October 16, 1868, without fault or negligence
on his part.
Mr. THURMAN. I have a constituent who
was robbed of $1,100 in the Same kind of way,
and I do not know who here has not. We
might as well decide once for all whether or
not an officer who tabes charge of public money
and gives bond for it, and is paid.for his ser-
vices, is to be relieved against robberies and
burglaries and the like, or not. By the law he
is liable, the law being founded upon the prin-
ciple that public policy requires that he shall
be held liable, because you never could prove
his complicity with the thieves. We had a
very noted case of that in Ohio, where the
Legislature relieved a county treasurer who
made out an extremely good case and got the
best citizens in his county to certify that he
was a most excellent and upright man. We
relieved him and his bondsmen from paying
twenty-odd thousand dollars, and the man
afterward died in thfc penitentiary on his own
confession that he was in collusion with the
burglary, and his confederate is in the peni-
tentiary now. The principle of the law is that
he who accepts a compensation for keeping
the money of another is bound to keep it at
his own risk. If you are to change that law,
and say in regard to public officers what you
do not say in regard to bank cashiers or agents
of any other kind, let us know it. We go on
peddling out this kind of relief again and again.
You had better at once make a general law
that wherever a public officer is robbed the
Treasury Department or the proper depart-
ment may relieve him from responsibility; but
this thing of peddling out this relief in one case
after another seems to me to be a very unsafe
kind of business.
I have been urged very much indeed by some
of my constituents, on the representation of a
very hard case in my own State, to relieve a
postmaster there who was robbed of I think
$1,100 worth of stomps. I cannot vote for
that bill, although it is for my constituent, and
my neighbors beg me to relieve him, a poor,
honest, worthy man I have no doubt. 1 can-
not do it where it set's at defiance the well-
settled principles of law adopted centuries ago
arid adhered to strictly except in the few in-
stances in which Congress goes to work and
relieves these people.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will not dispute
the well-settled principle by which we should
be governed, as stated by the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio, and yet there is another prin-
ciple ^hich underlies this, and the question is
whether the officer of the Government has
been faithful and guarded his money and done
his duty as a faithful officer should do. Has
he been faithful to the trust committed to
