4494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
him ? If without negligence, if with proper
care and watchfulness, he has been robbed,
the ease becomes different, and the obliga-
tion of the Government is an obligation to
relieve him of such embarrassment. Now
what is the case here? The postmaster at Ber-
lin had his stamps in an iron safe. Did he
not use proper precaution to secure them?
The safe was not as heavy as it might have been,
nor so large, but that it was removed short dis-
tance from his office. Yet the postage stamps
were in it locked and secure. It was the most
secure place in which he could put them. That
safe was removed and blown open, and the
postage stamps taken therefrom; but by the
vigilance of the postmaster the burglar was
arrested, tried, and sent to the State prison,
and when there he murdered the warden of the
prison and has since been hung by Connecii-
cut law. I think the man ought to receive his
$150.
Mr. THURMAN. That fellow who robbed
that safe has got his deserts ; that is very clear.
Mr. CONKLING. Now let us give this
other fellow his deserts.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, I do not know.
The only difficulty I have about it is that you
establish a principle under which while you
relieve one man who is entitled to be relieved,
you may go on and relieve hundreds who are
not.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Oh, no.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope this will not be a
precedent for any other case except where the
burglar is hung. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I would not
presume to take up the time of the Senate at
this period ; but inasmuch as the question has
been raised, I, as a member of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, would be
very glad to be instructed as to the rule for
that committee to pursue hereafter. That
committee had this case under consideration,
and I made the report. We have drawn this
discrimination: that wherever the postmaster
has been vigilant and faithful, where he has
reported the case and the Department have
sent a special agent and found these facts veri-
fied, we would report in favor of relief. On
the other hand, there was a case in Boston
where at noonday a robbery was committed.
There were six cleiks j a portion of them went
to dinner, and at that time some burglar
availed himself of the opportunity to rob the
office of a large amount. We rejected the
application for relief there because there was
not only enough force to watch the office, but
those who were there were not vigilant. The
precedents have been in favor of granting
relief. I hope that in this case, which is a
very meritorious one, as stated by the Senator
from Connecticut, and entitled, certainly, to
consideration by the vigilance of the officer in
securing the punishment of the burglar, relief
will be afforded; but at the same time, as the
question is raised, I trust the precedent will
be established for the future, so that the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads may be
guided by the wisdom of the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the hotisb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House further insisted on
its amendments to the bill (S. No. 245) amend-
atory of an act authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Arkansas river, asked a
further conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Samuel Hambleton of Maryland, Mr.
Philetus Sawyer of Wisconsin, and Mr.
Oliver P. Snyder of Arkansas, managers at
the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
Them essage al so an n o un ced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 2622) for the relief of
James De Long, late United States consul at
Aux Cayes, Hayti;
A bill (H. R. No. 2050) for the relief of
J. S. Underhill;
A bill (H. R. No. 1842) to grant the right
of way'through the public lands to the East-
ern Nevada Railroad Company; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2697) relative to retired
officers of the Army.
theodore adams.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2046)
for the relief of Theodore Adams, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows :
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first and second amendments of the Senate to
said bill, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from all of their remain-
ing amendments to said bill.
JOHN SCOTT,
A. I. BOREMAN,
FRANK P. BLAiR.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. PETERS.
H. H. STARKWEATHER,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the committee
report in favor of receding from the amend-
ment made by the Senate. I do not propose
to resist the report of the committee at any
length. It was with considerable difficulty, as
the Senator from Pennsylvania remembers,
that the Committee on Claims and the Senate
could be made to see the propriety of agree-
ing to the bill as that committee reported it;
and not only a majority of them, but the whole
committee reconciled themselves to report it,
giving to Mr. Adams, the contractor, the pre-
cise amount which the Court of Claims said he
would have been entitled to upon a quantum
meruit if his contract had been a valid con-
tract; the precise amount which he ought to
have in equity for doing the work which was
done. That is what the Senate agreed to.
The effect of the report of the conference com-
mittee is to give to him the precise amount he
would have been entitled to under his con-
tract, the contract price for doing the work.
The contract was open to the objection of hav-
ing been improvidently made, and it was open
to the objection of being invalid for want of
authority to make it, and the claims commis-
sion which sat on this matter and examined it
in St. Louis and the Court of Claims both took
the objection that the price agreed upon was
unreasonable. And yet this report proposes
to give him the full sum. If the Senate think
that is jnst I shall not make objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What is the
difference?
Mr. HOWE. The difference is between
$39,000 and $112,000.
Mr. CONKLING. And this gives him
$112,000?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me state very briefly
what the situation of the case is. The bill
twice passed the House of Representatives
giving to Mr. Adams the amount which he
was entitled to uuder his contract with the
Government, and the amount which the Court
of Claims found to be due to him upon that
contract. In the Senate committee the amount
was reduced from $112,000, which was the
amount due on the contract, and which would
have been payable in January, 1862, to $39,-
000, the amount which the Court of Claims
found would have been due to him if there
had been no contract. Not the amount due
under the contract, but the $39,000 was the
amount which the Court of Claims found he
would have been entitled to if there had been
no contract made. But the Court of Claims
affirmed the contract and entered judgment
for $112,000, the amount due under the con-
tract. It is that amount, without interest, that
is now allowed to him by the report of the
conference committee, and it does make the
difference between $39,000 and $112,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator
one question. Am I mistaken in my recollec-
tion that the other day when this bill passed
allowing $39,000 it was stated by somebody
either in the management or in the interest of
the bill that $39,000 would be satisfactory as
to this action, leaving the question lor some
future conclusion as to the remainder?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not remember any such
statement as that being made. Certainly I
made no such statement here, and my view of
it has been that the action of Congress in the
case now would be final, not that any portion
of it would remain open for adjudicaiion here-
after.
Mr. CONKLING. I voted with the under-
standing that the $39,000 was the matter in-
sisted upon here, and that it was virtually
conceded that as to the residue of the claim as
it stood we ought not to legislate now. Very
likely I took up a misimpression. I cannot
refer to what was said precisely, because it is
a matter of which I have very little knowledge,
but I am confident that was the impression
with which I voted, and I think other Senators
will bear me out in saying that the course of
the debate indicated that that was the view.
Mr. PRATT. 1 think very likely the Sena-
tor from New York got his impression from
what I said. When this bill was before the Sen-
ate I made a statement in relation to the pro-
cess by which this sum of $39,000 was arrived
at. The sum of $112,000 would have been
due to Mr. Adams under the contract, had
there been a legal contract entered into between
him and the Government. But the committee,
I believe, were of opinion that there was no
legal contract; certainly there was none that
was signed; and $112,000 was the sum which
underthatcontract, haditbeenexecuted,would
have been coming to Mr. Adams. They found
that the sum of $39,000 would compensate him
and leave him whole so that he would not be
out of pocket for building the mortar and the
tug boats. That was the basis upon which the
amendment to the House bill was predicated
according to my recollection.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I under-
stand there ought to be an executive session
before the final adjournment, and I therefore
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 265)
to authorize the payment of bounty to Ann
McCarthy.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 2942) for the construction
of a custom-house, bonded warehouse, and
post office at Port Huron, Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2977) Cor the restoration
to market of certain lands in Michigan; aud
A bill (H. R. No. 1936) for the relief of
Herman Raster, collector of internal revenue
for the first district of Illinois.
election in montana.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent, while the galleries are being cleared, to
take upa bill reported from the Committee on
Territories in regard to elections in Montana.
It will create no debate.
The bill (S. No. 1148) to amend the organic
act of Montana Territory was read. It pro-
vides that the general election in Montana Ter-
ritory for Delegate in Congress, members of
the legislative council, members of the bouse
of representatives, and such other officers as
