4496
THE COKGRESSiOKAL GLOBE.
June 10,
tion of a building suitable for the use of the
United Stated courts, post office, and other
necessary Government officos at Raleigh, North
Carolina; and
A bill (S. No. 624) confirming and extend-
ing a patent-right to Levi W. Pond and Eau
Claire Lumber Company.
order ob business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
indulge me in a vote on the Cincinnati bill
that has been pending so long. I do not
want to say anything more about it.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we bad better
finish the executive business first.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I object to anything
until we are through with the executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The doors
have been considered open by general consent
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will anybody object to
voting on the Cincinnati bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider legislative business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only for the purpose of
a vote on that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will open the doors. The un-
finished business is the report of the committee
of conference on the bill for the relief of Theo-
dore Adams.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that is leading to
some debate, I ask for a vote on the Cincinnati
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. No, let us take a vote on
the report of the committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to postpone the confer-
ence report.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, I will not antago-
nize that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill for the relief
of Theodore Adams.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
is a bill which will keep well until the next
session. I move to lay it on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being put on the report of the
committee of conference, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to proceed
to the consideration of the Cincinnati bill.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
agreeing to that conference report. ["Too
late!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
has been declared, but with the assent of the
Senate the Chair will consider the vote as not
taken, although the call comes rather late.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
message from thk house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its chief clerk,
announced that the House had passed a con-
current resolution extending the time for final
adjournment to nine o'clock, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it the
pleasure of the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the concurrent resolution just
received from the House of Ileprese'ntatives ?
Mr. MORTON. I hope that will be suffered
to lie on the table for a half hour. Perhaps it
will not be required.
theodore adams.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill for the relief
of Theodore Adams.
Mr. PRATT. Before that vote is taken, I
simply wish to make a statement in relation to
that bill. The matter was very fully discussed
in the Senate a few days ago. It was shown
at that time that Mr. Adams originally made
his application to the Court of Claims, find the
Court of Claims awarded him, it' is true, the
suta of $112,000 ; but an appeal was taken by
the United States to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and the Supreme Court decided
that Mr. Adams was entitled to nothing what-
ever under his cohtrftct. He was therefore
entirely out of court. It was deliberately de-
termined that he had no claim whatever against
the Government. Under those circumstances
he came to Congress for relief, The bill of
the House was referred to the Committee on
Claims in this body where it received most
ample consideration, and the point was made
there, and I wish to repeat the point here to
the Senate, that there was great danger in
opening the doors of Congress to claimants
who had once gone into the Court of Claims
for the purpose of asserting their, claims
against the Government, that they ought to be
estopped, and that that court was instituted
for the very purpose of determining the claims
of creditors, and when the court had passed
upon such claims they ought to be at rest.. But
it was urged that there was peculiar hardship
in this case ; and the committee, after looking
into all the facts, ascertained that the sum of
$39,000 would compensate Mr. Adams, and
all beyond that was in the nature of mere
profits.
Now the conference committee have award-
ed to Mr. Adams the sum of $73,000 in the
nature of profits upon his contract. I believe
the statement will not be controverted that
the sum awarded by the Committee on Claims
to him, the $39,000, compensated him for his
services and for his outlay, and that was a
concession to the humanity of the case, if
I may so express it, because the Supreme
Court of the United States had determined
that he was entitled to nothing. He had so
far accepted the report of the commission that
was sent to St1. Louis for the purpose of in-
vestigating claims of this character that he had
received the money awarded by that commis-
sion and given his receipt. It is true, however,
when he gave that receipt that he protested
against the sufficiency of the stfm that tfas
awarded. But the Supreme Court determined
that he was bound by the acceptance of that
sum of money. These are the facts. The
conference committee award him the sum of
$73,000 in the nature of profits. I think that
the Senate ought to disagree to this report.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was on the committee
that reported this bill. I was in favor then of
allowing Mr. Adams $112,000and Iain so yet.
The facts are few and very simple. In 1861
the quartermaster's department within the
military department of General Fremont, un-
der instructions from here, contracted with
Mr. Adams for the construction of thirty-
eight mortar-boats and eight tug-boats at a
specific sum each. I say the Government con-
tracted. Probably I should qualify that to
some extent. In my judgment, the contract
was complete. The contracts were signed by
Mr. Adams and left with the quartermaster
under General Fremont, who did not sign
them. Mr. Adams proceeded, supposing they
were signed, to execute the contracts. He
completed every one of the mortar-boats ac-
cording to his contract and to the satisfaction
of those who inspected them. He completed
every one of the tag-boats, and they were ac-
cepted as built according to the contract.
Having some difficulty, he went into the Court
of Claims. However, before he got to the
Court of Claims, I will state that the Secre-
tary of War sent a commission to St. Louis
constituted of the present Justice Davis of the
Supreme Court, Judge Holt, and a gentleman
named Campbell. That commission was or-
ganized without authority of law, simply upon
the motion of the Secretary of War. They
went down there and took into consideration
a large number of claims. Among others,
they considered the claim of Mr. Adams;
but he never went before that board nor put
his evidence before it at all. After they had
examined 
Mr. PRATT. Did he not address a formal
communication to that board?
Mr. B01REMAN. I was just coming to
tlxat. After they haJd taken the subject of his
contract into consideration as he understood,
he Addressed to one member of the board,
Justice Davis, I believe, a, note for the pur-
pose of disabusing their minds upon some
question in regard to it, but he never did lay
his evidence before that board; he never had
a hearing, and in my judgment he ought not
to be concluded by its finding and its decision.
Subsequent to that he made his application to
the Court of Claims. The Court of Claims
decided that the contract was a valid one, that
they had jurisdiction, because we all know
that the Court of Claims is restricted in its
jurisdiction to three classes, to express con-
tracts, to cases arising out of acts of Congress,
and to those foundea on the regulation of an
executive department. The court took juris-
diction and they decided the case, finding the
facts as they appeared to the court, and they
allowed Mr. Adams his contract price, a bal-
ance of $112,P00. The United States took an
appeal to the Supreme Court, and the Supreme
Court decided that inasmuch as he had ad-
dressed that note to these commissioners at
St. Louis he was bound by their decision.
They do not use the term arbitration, but the
idea is that this was a sort of arbitration down
there ; by addressing that note to the commis-
sioners in session at St. Louis he thereby
became bound by their decision.
Mr. CORBETT. What was the substance
of the note?
Mr. BOREMAN. The Substance of the
note was disabusing their minds.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to remind the
Senator that if this bill passes it has to go to
the House of Representatives, and we have
less than an hour.
Mr. BOREMAN. That was the decision
of the Supreme Court, that he was bound by
the finding of the commission. It is true he
accepted under protest the amount allowed by
that commission—I forget the precise amount
—but the records of the Court of Claims show
the fact that he accepted the sum which he did
accept under protest, and he comes here now
to Congress to get his contract price. In my
judgment, if Congress refuses to pass this bill
giving him the $112,000, it is upon the veriest
technicality. I believe that the Government
ought to do justice. They made a contract
with this man, and whether he made profits by
it or not is not to be taken into consideration,
in my judgment.
One other word, and I am done. Some of
those who have argued this question say that
the court have decided this matter, and that
ought to be the end of it; but the committee
have violated that themselves. The commit-
tee came in here and proposed to allow Mr.
Adams $39,000. If the decision of the court
is worth anything at all, upon the same prin-
ciple that we allow him $39,000 he should be
allowed the $112,000, according to my judg-
ment.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask my
friend from West Virginia whether we did not,
as a matter of compromise, give Mr. Adams
this sum of $39,000, and whether the differ-
ence between that sum and $112,000 is not
purely profits ?
Mr. BOREMAN. I have said that that is
not a matter for us to take into consideration.
Every one of us when we engage in an enter-
prise expect to make something by it, else we
would not enter upon it all. We do not expend
our energies and our lives and invest our cap-
ital for the purpose of making nothing. None
of us do that. We study professions, we go
