1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into trade, we enter into merchandise for the
purpose of making profit.
It somewhere appears in the papers that
upon a quantum meruit $39,000 probably
would be the amount of damages. That may
be in the record of the Court of Claims, but
the Court of Claims allowed him $112,000,
according to his contract. In my judgment, it
will be nothing but repudiation if the Govern-
ment does not pay him the $112,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. . I know how
unwelcome any voice or vote is in this body
that appears in opposition to any claim. Now,
here is a claim that has been permitted to go
before the Court of Claims, from there ap-
pealed to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and the claimant having been entirely
worsted in the courts, from mere charity it
was taken up here by a committee of this
House, and could not have passed even the
committee at more than $39,000, could not
have passed the Senate at more than §39,000,
and yet the committee of conference comes in
here and asks us to give in the shape of
profits to a claimant of this kind S73,000
additional.
It does seem to me that where it is confessed,
that the contract was an unconscionable one
if made—and the Supreme Court decides that
it was not made—and the proposition is to
take some of the fat out of the contract, the
Senate should not hesitate in relation to the
matter. I know that it is an absurd proposi-
tion to suppose that the Senate will not vote
in a magriiGcent and lordly manner to give
this man more than the quantum meruit, and
to give him profits on his contract of $73,000;
but I should hope there was a sufficient num-
ber here who are willing to listen somewhat
to the chairman of the Committee on Claims
to allow this report_to be rejected, or at least
postponed till nftst session, until we can have
ample time to consider it.
Mr. MORTON. I ask to have this matter
informally passed over that the Senate may
consider the concurrent resolution extending
the adjournment to nine o'clock. I am told
by the Secretary of the Senate that that time
will be required for the enrollment of bills.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senate to let
that lie for a few moments. My information
is the other way.
Mr. MORTON. The Secretary of the Sen-
ate just told me.
Mr. CONKLING. We can take it up in a
quarter of an hour. I understand the bill re-
terred to can be enrolled and can be here in a
very short time. I have taken some pains to
find out. Let the resolution lie for a few mo-
ments. I will not object to it if it is necessary.
Mr. COLE. We shall have information soon.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Lloyd, CbiefClerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 2942) for the construction
of a custom-house, bonded warehouse, and
post office at Port Huron, Michigan ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 287G) for the relief of
John C. Beaumont.
theodore adams.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the report of the committee of con-
ference on the bill for the relief of Theodore
Adams.
Mr. HOWE. I think I am abundantly
justified in adding another word to what I
said because in doing so lam not opposing the
action of the committee of which I am a mem-
ber, bat I am defending the action of that
committee. The report of the committee of
conference is not in accordance with the report
of the Committee on Claims. The Senate
agreed to the proposition made by the Com-
mittee on Claims, ihe House disagreed to
42d Cong. 2dSess.—No. 282.
the amendment of the Senate. The com-
mittee of conference has reported to recede
from the amendment made by the Senate
the effect of which is to add some seventy-
odd thousand dollars to the claim.
Now, I want to contribute one fact or one
proposition to this debate which has hitherto
not been noticed. It was my opinion, and I
think it was the opinion of a majority of the
Committee on Claims, that legally the claim-
ant never was entitled to anything, that he
never had a valid contract with the United
States. He alleged the existence of a contract
made with a quartermaster serving upon the
staff of General Fremont, a contract not to
supply any quartermaster's stores but a con-
tract to build some gun-boats and some mor-
tar-boats on the Mississippi river. It was my
opinion that that quartermaster had no more
authority to contract in behalf of the United
States for those gun-boats than he had to con-
tract for the building of a whole navy. They
do not seem to me to be quartermaster's stores
or supplies or anything of the kind, anything
within the jurisdiction of a quartermaster. I
do not know that in that opinion the majority
of the Committee on Claims concurred; but
that was, as it seemed to me, a very substan-
tial objection to the contract.
The next, objection to the claimant's recov-
ering a dollar here was that the Secretary of
War taking up the merits of this claim and
submitting it to a commission, selected by
himself, to be sure, and in whose selection
the claimant did not participate, that commis-
sion reported that the claimant should have
a certain sum of money. I do not remember
what that sum was; perhaps the Senator from
Pennsylvania can tell me; eighty-odd thou-
sand dollars. 1 think.
Mr. SCOTT. The reduced amount of his con-
tract is about that much ; I do not remember
the exact sum. If the Senator will permit me
at this point I will state to him that the con-
tract as made was made by General Fremont,
the subject having been referred to him by the
Secretary of War ; the testimony of the Secre-
tary of War was taken, and he stated that fact;
and after the boats were received an act of
Congress accepted them, and they were trans-
ferred to the Navy Department.
Mr. HOWE. Showing that the Army did
not require the boats. rlhe Government must
take the boats or take nothing for their money.
They took the boats and turned them over to
the Navy in the hope that the Navy could
make some use of ihem.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to him that it wa3
not an unusual thing at all for quartermasters
to build steamboats upon the western waters
and elsewhere during the war, and it is com-
petent for a general commanding an army in
the field to order his quartermasters to contract
for anything on earth that he considers ser-
viceable for his army, and especially if it is in
the shape of transportation. There is nothing
clearer to my mind, We have known the
thing to be done over and over again through-
out the Wast during the campaigns. At Chat-
tanooga there were boats built by the Army
and used in transporting our troops across the
river and paid for by the quartermaster, con-
tracted for by him and paid for by him.
I will say further that in all these matters
of boats built here at the East during the war
we have not only had to pay the contract price
for them, but the persons who built them have
come in and claimed from Congress additional
compensation and got it, and gone even beyond
that and got it from the Secretary of the Navy
after Congress had refused to pay ™rther-
This man simply claims his contract, and ne
had a good and valid contract, and the Supreme
Court did not declare that he had no valid
contract. The Senator is mistaken about that.
Mr. HOWE. I think not.
Mr. BOREMAN. Will the Senatorallow me
to read a few words from the finding of the
court? I have just got the report?
Mr. HOWE. What court?
Mr. BOREMAN. The Court of Claims.
Mr. HOWE. That is not in question just
now. I will allow the Senator to read it in a
few minutes. The Senator from Missouri says
somewhat positively that I am mistaken upon
two points, upon the point of law and upon
the matter of the adjudication of the Supreme
Court. I am certainly not mistaken about the
latter, for I have not stated anything about it.
The Senator is entirely correct when he says
that the Supreme Court did not decide that
the contract was invalid. I think I am entirely
correct when I say that the Supreme Court
did not decide that it was valid. The Supreme
Court, if I remember, did not decide that
question at all. The Senator says quite posi-
tively that I am mistaken upon the matter
of law. He affirms that a general in the Army
has a right to contract for anything in the worltt
that he pleases, and in the name of the Uni-
ted States. It is the first time I "have heard
that proposition submitted. I shall not say it
is incorrect, but if I am to learn it at all, I
learn it to-day for the first time.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. SPENCER. I appeal to the Senator
from Wisconsin to yield to me to enable the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Ransom]
to get a vote on the disability bill which was
up the other day and not completed.
Mr. RANSOM. There are but two names
in it.
Mr. HOWE. Ifthere is unanimous consent,
I will not object.
ThePRESlDlNGOFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 1163) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of certain persons
therein named.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire, before it passes,
to offer an amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. That is notin order. The
yeas and nays have been ordered on the past-
sage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been read three times, and it is not in order to
amend it.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, as I voted for it
before, I move to reconsider the third reading.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
Mr. NORWOOD. I was informed by the
former occupant of the chair that when the
bill came into the Senate it could be amended
by inserting other names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So it could
be; but it has passed the third reading. It
could have been amended before it reached
the third reading. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I desire to
say that there are two Senators who have
something to suggest in relation to this bill.
I have nothing to say, but the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] and my colleague,
[Mr. Edmunds,] I know desire to say some-
thing in relation to this bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I think they both acquiesce
in allowing a vote to be had, All we want is
a The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there are but two names in the
bill. Governor Vance, of North Carolina, and
Mr.'Houston, of Alabama.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw any objection
I had.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is it not
necessary to have the yeas and nays I It must
be passed by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. SPENCER. I think it is unnecessary.
