#500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
The P RESI DENT pro tempore. The regular
order is called for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
of the conference committee on the billfor the
relief of Theodore Adams.
Mr. EDMONDS. If we are to consume the
rest of this hour on this claim, which I believe
t,o be altogether wrong for at least about one
half of what is reported, very well. If the
Senate want to spend the rest of the evening
in discussing it, for one I intend to let nay
constituents know what they are paying their
money for.
Mr. SHERMA.N. I trust the Senate will
give us a vote on the Cincinnati bili.
Mr. STEWART. Let this report be recom-
mitted then. Let us have some action.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
my colleague that if there can be an under-
standing that the committee will report the
$39,000, and not $73,000 profits, I presume
there will be no opposition to the bill being
recommitted ; but 1 am quite satisfied that the
bill cannot pass with a report for $112,000.
Mr. SCO IT. I cannot come to any under-
standing as to what the committee will teport
for the reason 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I claim my right to the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont is entited to the floor, and
cannot be taken from it except by his permis-
sion.
Mr. SCOTT. If there is to be a recommit-
tal, I hope there will be another committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is satisfactory to
the Senator from Nevada to have this recom-
mitted, let t!>at course be taken.
Mr. STEWART. I have not charge of the
bill.
MESSAGE FROM Till! HOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (II.
R. No. 2705) making appropriations lor sun-
dry civil expenses ot the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1163) to relieve
certain persons therein named from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United Slates, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No- 827) to authorize
the construction of bridges across the Ohio
river, and to prescribe the dimensions of the
same, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. William S. Hoi-man oflndiana,
Mr. James S. Necjley of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. Omar D. Conger of Michigan, mauagers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2983) to extend the pro-
visions of the twenty-fifth section of the act
entitled " An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army," &c., approved July
15, 1870, to the relatives of deceased officers
and soldiers, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2981) to purchase a site
for a public building in Pittsburg.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
Bigned by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 1017) to prevent and pun-
ish the obstruction of the administration of
justice in the courts of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1504) for the relief of
William F. Barker, postmaster at Northville,
Fulton county, New York ;
A bili (H. R. No. 1786) for the relief of
Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Berlin, Con-
necticut ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1936) for the relief of
Herman Raster, collector of internal revenue
for the first district of Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873,
aud for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2977) for the restoration
to market of certain lands in Michigan ;
A bill (S. No. 265) to authorize the pay-
ment of bounty to Ann McCarthy ;
A bill (S. No. 905) for the relief of Harriet
Spring, the heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 624) confirming and extend-
ing a patent right to Levi W. Pond and Eau
Claire Lumber Company ; and
A bill (S. No. 4G7) to provide for the erec-
tion of a building suitable for the use of the
United States courts, post office, and other
necessary Government offices at Raleigh,
North Carolina.
v order of business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President—-
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont yield to me for the purpose of calling up
a bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What bill is that?
Mr. COLE. Senate bill No. 49.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that?
Mr. COLE. That is the number of it. It
relates to mail service between the United
States and Australia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that being taken up.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 49, authorizing the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and Australia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection ?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir r I objectf
n. M. QUEEN.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask but five
minutes of the attention of the Senate on a
bill that I reported here from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and to which I think there
will be no objection. The only objection
during the discussion came from the Senator
from Illinois. I understand now that he has
withdrawn that objection.
Mr. COLE. I do not think the Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is House bill
No. 2206. I ask that the bili be now con-
sidered.
bridges across the ohio river.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate ac-
cede to the request of the House in reference
to a conference on the bill relating to bridges
on the Ohio river.
Mr. TMURMAN. 1 hope that will be agreed
to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to hear the mes-
sage read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) The message will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the message, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the House non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (II. 11. No.
8^7) to authorize the construction of bridges across
the Ohio river and proscribe tho dimensions of the
same, anil ask a conference of the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered that Mr. Holman, Mr. Nkgley, and Mr.
Congee, bo tho conferees on the part of the IIouso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the amend-
ments which are non-concurred in by the
House read in order that we may see what it
is, and that is a legitimate demand for the
reason that the question is on concurring.
Mr. THURMAN. Will not the Senator
take a statement of what they are ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will hear the statement.
It may be satisfactory.
Mr. THURMAN. There were two amend-
ments made. One was to allow the bridge at
Wheeling to have a span of three hundred and
fifty feet instead of four hundred. The other
was to attach to the bill what is called the
steam-tug bill which passed the Senate the
other day, I believe without objection, recom-
mended by the Treasury Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the one hundred
and fifty pounds to the inch bill?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that a perpetual pro-
vision, or only for one year ?
Mr. THURMAN. For one year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One other question is,
whether in this bill about bridges is the pro-
vision we have inserted lately in all the bills,
providing for the protection of navigation, that
if it should be removed the removal should be
at the expense of the bridge-men and not at
the expense of the Government?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes; the general provisions
are in this bill which were incorporated in
some of the special bills that were passed, and
the object is to make those provisions appli-
cable to all bridges hereafter built.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand the
Senator from Pennsylvania to say that the
substance is here of the provision which has
been put lately in the special bills, that the
bridges shall be so managed under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War as not unrea-
sonably to impede navigation, and that any
changes which the interests of the public may
require shall be made at the expense of the
owner and not at the expense of the Govern-
ment. Is that in?
Mr. SCOTT. That is the provision of the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is enough.
The motion was agreed to; and the con-
ferees were ordered to be appointed by the
Chair, and Messrs. Scott, Bokeman, and
Thokmas were appointed.
civil appropriation bill enrollment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of privilege. I find on looking at
this enrolled sundry 'civil expenses appropria-
tion bill, just now signed, that it has not been
enrolled, according to the report of the com-
mittee of conference, in a most essential par-
ticular. The enrolled bill reads, on the dis-
puted question between the two Houses:
The said act being hereby supplemented and
amended so as to read "—
And it goes on—
" That whenever in any county or parish," &c.—
whereas the agreement of the conference, and
it is here in the written report, is, "the said
act being hereby amended and supplemented
so as to further provide as follows," and then
comes " that whenever in any connty," &c.,
which makes a very essential difference. I call
the attention of the Senate to it as a matter of
privilege, as the error must be corrected or
we do not have the proper report.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator desire that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Enrolled Bills?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
r. m. green.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will now state
briefly to the Senate that R. M. Green is a
mechanic in the employ of the Navy Depart-
ment, and he has invented a machine by which
forty of the largest links for cables of the Navy
are made while you would make one by hand.
A variety of examiners have been appointed to
examine into the merits and efficiency of tho
invention, and they have decided that so far
as the Government was concerned up to that
lime it had been a benefit to the Government
to the amount of $40,000. This bill provides
