1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4501
for the perpetual use to the Government of
the machine; and it proposes to pay Mr. Green,
the inventor, $10,000. The matter was dis-
cussed most thoroughly before, and the Sena-
tor from Illinois objected to it at the time, but
I understand now that he withdraws the objec-
tion, and I hope the bill will pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2206) for the pay-
ment of R. M. Green for the use of his patent
by the Government. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Navy to pay to E. M. Green,
out of any surplus from appropriations or
other moneys belonging to the Government
and at his disposal, the sum of $10,000, as
payjnent in full for the use by the Govern-
ment of his patent machine for bending chain-
cable links, connecting-shackles, and tackle-
hooks.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an extraordinary
form of bill. The Secretary of the Navy has
no money to pay.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on
Naval Affairs propose to amend the bill so as
to read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby
is, directed to pay to R. M. Green, out of any money
belonging to the Government and at his disposal,
the sum of 810,000, as payment in full for his patent
for bending chain-cable links, connecting-shackles,
and taclcle-hooks.
Mr. CAMERON. I think that had better'
lie over. I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope that
will not be done, and I hope the amendmeut.
proposed will not be concurred in. Certainly
this man ought to be paid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table is not debat-
able.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Now I trust
the amendment reported will not be agreed
to. This is a House bill, has passed the
House, and is now before the Senate for con-
currence. The amendment was offered, but I
trust it will not be agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The idea of making the
Secretary of the Navy a paymaster is absurd.
The heads of Departments have no money out
of which to pay, except the Secretary of the
Treasury. The only proper way, therefore, is
to amend the bill so that the Secretary of the
Treasury may pay this sum of money out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. The habit of allowing the
head of a Department to pay money is a prin-
ciple that was abandoned,and I trust we shall
not commence it again.
Mr. FERRY, ol Michigan. Very well; let
the amendment be agreed to. I will not
object.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendmeut was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and that the bill be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to hear the bill
read at length on its third reading.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
samuel hitchcock.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask to have House bill No.
1779 put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1779) for the relief
of Samuel Hitchcock. It provides that the
Secretary of War shall cause to be paid to
Samuel Hitchcock, of Illinois, who was com-
missioned and served as a second lieutenant
in company B, thirty-sixth regiment Illinois
volunteers, the pay and allowances of a sec-
ond lieutenant for such lime as he actually
served as a lieutenant, or was a prisoner in the
hands of the enemy after having so served,
deducting therefrom whatever pay he received
as a sergeant for the same period, ihe pay-
ment shall be made from any money appro-
priated for the pay of the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is drawn in some
way in violation of the rule. It ought to be
amended so as to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay.
Mr. LOGAN. How should it be?
Mr. SHERMAN. "The Secretary of the
Treasury" instead of the Secretary of War.
Mr. LOGAN. Is not that the way it reads?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the Secretary of
War is to pay out of a certain fund. That
practice was broken up long ago.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not notice it. This
was a poor man who was in prison and never
received his pay. I have been two years try-
ing to get the bill through.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to the
bill, but I insist that the Secretary of the
Treasury should be the disbursing officer.
Mr. LOGAN. The amendment cannot be
concurred in in the House ; it will be lost.
Mr. COLE. There is no money appropri-
ated to the Secretary of War to pay such
claims, I am sure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to amend the bill by
substituting the Secretary of the Treasury
for the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
CAMP MOHAVE.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to call up
House bill No. 2698.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator from
Kansas to yield to me.
Mr. CALDWELL. I have been yielding
all day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas, to proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 2698.
The motion was agreed to ; ancltbe Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2698) to provide
for the payment for certain property taken by
the Government for the extension of the mili-
tary reservation at Camp Mohave, in the
Territory of Arizona. The bill appropriates
$14,219, to be paid under the direction of the
Secretary of War, to the claimants for private
property taken by the Government in the
extension of the military reservation at Camp
Mohave, in the Territory of Arizona, under
General Orders, No. 74, Adjutant General's
Office, November 2, 1809, that sum being the
total amount awarded by a board of military
officers convened by proper authority at the
camp in September, 1870, as per their report,
duly approved by the War Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any report in
that case ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no report.
Mr. CALDWELL. I can explain it in one
moment in a way in which I think will be sat-
isfactory. Camp Mohave, iu Arizona Terri-
tory, was surveyed in 1864. Immediately after
that the town site of Mohave City was laid out
just north of the line of the survey as then
they made. In 1869, under the direction of
the War Department, the limits of this reser-
vation were extended so as to take in some fif-
teen thousand acres of land, embracing this
town site of itfohave or Mohave City. There
were a number of buildings there which were
taken by the Government and used in building
guard-houses and laundries, and for various
other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask a question? Has this
bill been acted upon and leported by a com-
mittee ot the Senate?
Mr. CALDWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think not.
Mr. WEST. What committee ?
Mr. CALDWELL. This bill was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
It was examined by the chairman of that com-
mittee and explained to the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] and I was instructed to
report the bill and put it on its passage.
^Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By the com-
mittee?
Mr. CALDWELL. By the chairman of
the committee and another member of the
committee. I hold in my hand the report of
the commission appointed to assess these dam-
ages. The claims that we re brought forward
before that commission amounted to $40,000.
The amount allowed is $14,000. The whole
thing has been done regularly and it appears
to me to be right. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the report.
Mr. WILSON and others. Do not spend
time in reading the report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the
report be read.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator from
Kansas to yield to me for two minutes for the
relief of a poor widow woman.
Mr. HILL. I must claim my rights.
The PRESIDENT pro tempou. The bill
before the Senate must be disposed of.
Mr. CALDWELL. 1 will not yield until it
is disposed of.
Mr. SPENCER. There is no time to read
the report.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. 1 know something about
this bill, having received from the settlers
whose property was taken several petitions
and memorials, some of which 1 presented
here. They were settled upon the land ; their
homes were there ; but the military authorities
thought they needed to extend the reservation,
and did extend it and took in the land of these
people, and took it without any compensation.
The War Department appointed a commission,
as I understand—I have not seen the report
of that commission—to assess the value of it,
and it has come here. They are poor people,
and they ought to be pai.d. They had a legal
right to be there, and the Government had no
right to put them off.
Mr. CALDWELL. These people were
ejected, and their property was taken and put
to the use of the Government. I hope the
bill will be passed.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re-
port will be read if there be no objection.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope Senators in favor
of this bill will not persist, in asking that the
report be read. It will take an hour to read
it.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the request.
Mr. CALDWELL. I now hope the bill
will be put on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no
amendment be offered, the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe
the reading of the report oil this bill was
called for.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore^ There is
no report accompanying the bill. There is a
report from the Secretary of War on the
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought not to pass a
bill involving $14,000 or even a smaller snin
without its being understood. It does seem to
mo that Senators ought not at this period of
the session to ask us to vote $14,000 of the
money of the people without a report or with-
out a statement. There has been such confu-
sion bete that I have been able to hear
scarcely a word of what the Senator irom
Kansas has said, except that this is a bill for
