4502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
the benefit of some settlers in the Mohave
settlements in Arizona, if I understood him,
whose lands were included in a military res-
ervation. They probably were there without
any legal right, and the statement he makes,
so far as he makes it, does not satisfy me.
Mr. CALDWELL. I will state this: they
were there perhaps without legal right; they
were squatters; but their improvements were
embraced in the reservation when it was
extended, and a commissioner was appointed
to estimate the damages to their property.
Their property was taken ; their houses were
taken for military purposes and used in the
construction of Government buildings. The
total of claims brought by this commission
amounted to $40,000, but the commission
appointed by the War Department awarded
but $14,000. There is no doubt in the world
that the Government has taken the property.
There is a full report accompanying the bill
of the action of the commission appointed by
the War .Department,, and tbey recommend
that this amount be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the bill ought to
be sent to some committee, and let us have a
written report. I suggest that it be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims. It
has not been acted on by the committee, but
only authorized by the chairman of the com-
mittee. I move that it be recommitted with a
view to have a report at the next session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. NYE. I desire to say one word. This
matter was taken up by the War Department,
examined by them, and the officers of that
Department have fixed this amount as justly
due to these people. The Department ap-
pointed its own appraisers, determined the
amount due, and now if it is necessary for a
committee to examine this subject and report
alter that, I should like to know why. Who
but the Department can know what the dam-
ages were ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have had no report
read.
Mr. NYE. They have been on the ground
and have examined for themselves. The bill
has passed the House, and now it is here for
the action of the Senate. I insist upon it, it
is anything but fair when the Departments go
and take the property of individuals, to keep
those individuals running here until they are
worn out to get what the Departments them-
selves have estimated to be the damages.
Mr. STEWART. This was a very harsh
proceeding in driving these people from their
homes after they had settled there. They
had a legal right to settle under your statutes,
and ought to be paid, and paid promptly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
question is on recommitting the bill to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall be compelled to
ask for the yeas and nays on the passage of
this bill. We have had no explanation of it
at all.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In this hurly-
burly I have no objection to any bill passing
which has passed the House and has received
the examination and sanction of a committee,
of this body; but I do not believe in the pro-
priety of rushing bills through here that have
not received the regular examination and
sanction of a committee.
Mr. CALDWELL. This bill has passed
the House.
Mr. POMEROY. If this bill is for the
payment of improvements of settlers it may
come within the rule we have established, but
if it is to pay for their claims, we hold in the
Committee on Public Lands that no squatter
can get any right against the Government in
the land. We have voted to pay for their
improvements if the Government takes them.
If these parties made improvements and the
Government took those improvements, then
it is within the rule we have established to pay
for them.
Mr. STEWART. That is exactly this case.
Mr. POMEROY. But if it is to pay for land
that the Government owned, we have no right
to pay for it. They get no rights against the
Government in the soil by squatting upon it.
Mr. SAWYER. It is very evident that this
bill cannot pass to-night, and 1 move that the
bill be recommitted,
Mr. NYE. A vote has just been taken on
that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has, but
debate has ensued since, and it is order again.
Mr. SAWYER. If that is not in order, I
move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is in order
to move to recommit.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I make the motion
to recommit the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to appeal to the
Senator from Kansas to hear me for a moment
before that motion is put. I say to the Sen-
ator from Kansas, in the interest of his bill,
because my impression is for it owing to what
the Delegate has told me, he had better allow
it to be' recommitted, and not take the yeas
and nays upon it. The sense of the Senate is
against passing it now. If it. is a meritorious
bill and comes here at the next session with a
written report, there will be no objection to it.
I suggest to him as a friend of the bill that
he had better allow it to go back to the com-
mittee and not press it now in the face of this
dissatisfaction.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate have two or
three times stood by this bill. ITow, then, can
the Senator from New York say the sense of
the Senate is against it?
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; the Senator
knows better than I do. 1 said before my im-
pression was in favor of the bill. Now, if
Senators press it to the yeas and nays and lose
it, so be it.
Mr. CALDWELL. Then we shall lose it;
that is all.
Mr. RAMSEY. We shall not lose it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 15.
REMOVAL OP DISABILITIES.
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent to
take up House bill No. 1325, to remove the
disabilities of certain persons therein named.
Mr. NYE. Oh, no ; not to-night.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the name 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is not yet before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read that we
may see who they are.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the bill just read.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator allow me
to add a single name ? This is a Senate bill I
believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is not yet before the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope that hill will
not be taken up.
Mr. NYE. Is it in order to say anything on
the question of taking up ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is; but
not upon the merits of the bill.
Mr. NYE. I am not going to say anything
about the merits of the bill Here we have
some bills that pertain to the country and to
the loyal men of the country, and which ought
to be passed at this session, and yet we have
to stop every five minutes in the coursc of our
proceedings to relieve some one from the con-
sequences of being a rebel.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 ask unanimous consent
to take up a bill.
The PRESlDENTjwoimpore. Themotion
is not in order until the pending question has
been disposed of. A motion to take up one
bill cannot be amended by moving to take up
another.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to proceed to the
consideration of executive business. I believe
that is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order. «
Mr. NYE. I withdraw my objection to the
bill of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have an execu-
tive session for a few minutes.
Mr. HILL. I cannot do that. This hill will
pass without objection now.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the motion debat-
able?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask that we have
the question.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, Mr. President, 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. CAMERON. I know it is not; but I
wish to make an appeal to the Senator from
New Y'ork to allow the Senator from Georgia
to have his bill put on its passage. It will not
take a moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw my motion
for the sake of answering my friend. If the
inducement was different I might withdraw it
altogether, but 1 say to him that it is important
that we should have an executive session, and
this disability bill being taken up it is cer-
tain to arouse a debate which will defeat it
and waste the session. •
Mr. HILL. 1 will withdraw it the moment
it is evident that it is to give rise to debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I withdraw my
motion for the present.
The PRESIDENT^rofempore. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the bill indicated by the Senator from
Georgia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1325) to remove
the disabilities of certain persons therein
named.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the bill so
that it will read:
That the political disabilities imposeJ by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution upon
Lafayette McLaws, Thomas Hardeman, and Alfred
Iverson, ot Georgia, and F. W.Latham, of Texas, be,
and they are hereby, removed.
Mr._ CONKLING. _ Alfred Iverson, of
Georgia! I do not like that.
Mr. HILL. I wish to state that Alfred
Iverson is in his seventy-fifth year, and if he
has opened his mouth on politics in ten years
I have not heard of it. He was invited by his
county to be a county judge. He was once
a good judge of the superior court. He has
not interfered in politics for a long time. He
is a poor old broken-down man.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the hill
by inserting the name of David Kloptou, of
Alabama.
Mr. CONKLING. Who is this that the
Senator from Alabama proposes to add ? I
know who he added to-day.
Mr. SPENCER. David Klopton, of Ala-
bama.
Mr. CONKLING. Was he in Congress ?
Mr. SPENCER. He was a member of the
House.
The amendment was agreed to.
