1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4503
Mr. ALCORN. I beg the Senate for one
minute of its time, and ask the Senator from
New York to listen to me.
Mr. LOCrAN. I move to add the name of
John V. Wright, ofTennessee.
Mr. ALCORN". Have I the floor?
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi has the floor.
Mr. ALCORN. I move to have the name
of Isaac M. Brown, of Mississippi, inserted.
Isaac M. Brown was a young officer in the
United States Navy. He was no politician.
He was a Unionist. His mother resided in
Mississippi; his friends resided in Mississippi;
and when Mississippi seceded, they appealed
to him to come home. He went home. He
was a Unionist all the while. Nevertheless,
he fbught on the rebel side. To-day he is a
Unionist. He has observed the law. Now I
ask the Senate to allow Isaac M. Brown to go
in there. He is no politician.
The PRBSIDENTproiemporfi. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to add the name of
James L. M. Curry, of Virginia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
•will receive a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 1164) appropriating $10,000 for a
statue of General John A. Rawlins.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2982| to abolish
the franking privilege, and to provide for the
transmission of official and other public mat-
ter ; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
enrolled bills signed
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the en-
rolled bill (S. No. 1163) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore.
order of business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill which has just come
from the House of Representatives to abolish
the franking privilege.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business. Now my friend from Georgia wijl
not ask me to withdraw it. He has had his
experiment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to appeal
to the Senator from New York to allow us
to take up at once the bill from the House
abolishing the franking privilege.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. CONKLING. We can come right out
of executive session and take that up in a
moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a measure that
is indorsed by the Philadelphia convention.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 28, noes '20.
Mr. BLAIR and Mr. TRUMBULL called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 21,
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron. Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton.
Cole Oonklinft, Uorbctt, Edmunds, Ilanagan, i're-
linglmvsen Harlan. Hitchcock, Howe, Logan Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt
Itninsoy. Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, bunnier, and
West-28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Kelly, Norwood,
Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Saalshnry, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, and Windom—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of W est Virginia, Pen ton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patter-
son, Rice, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Wilson, and
Wright—25.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. Before pro-
ceeding to the consideration of executive busi-
ness the Chair will lay before the Senate cer-
tain bills from the House of Representatives.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2984) to purchase a site
for a public building in Pittsburg was rehd
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2983) to extend the pro-
visions of the twenty-fifth section of the act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army," &o., approved
July 15, 1870, to the relatives of deceased offi-
cers and soldiers, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the
franking privilege, and to provide for the trans-
mission of official documents and other public
matter, was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that bill will be
taken up at ones.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be put on its
passage.
order os1 business.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 874 while the galleries are
being cleared.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall take up
the bill abolishing the franking privilege, and
put it on its passage at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And all other privileges.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill tn relation to the franking
privilege.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatmeasureisindorsed
by the great Philadelphia convention. The
Republicans of course are all for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. We are all for it.
Mr/TRUMBULL. What has become of
my motion to take up the franking privilege
bill?
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask that the vote be
taken on the political disabilities bill which
was under consideration a moment ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Georgia asks that the vote be taken
on the bill which was under consideration a
few moments since for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the regular
order, and insist upon it.
notification to the president.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that a committee of two be
appointed to unite with such committee as
may be appointed on the part of the House ot
Representatives to wait upon the President
of the United States and ask hiin tf he has
any further communication to make.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the com-
mittee be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will appoint the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds i and the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton.]
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I insist on the
regular order.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the
consideration of executive business; and after
five minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2109) to authorize the issuance of college
scrip to the State of Arkansas.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following resolution:
Itexolved, (the Senate concurring,) That a com-
mittee of three members be appointed to join such
committee as may be appointed by the Senate to
wait upon the President and inform him that un-
less he has some further communication to make
Congress is ready to adjourn.
Ordered, That Mr. Garfield, Mr. Maynabd, and
Mr. Beck be a committee on the part of the House.
hospital for women.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
Chair is directed by the sundry civil appro-
priation bill which has just become a law to
appoint one director on the part of the Senate
for the Hospital for Women and Lying-in Asy-
lum. The Chair appoints the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer.]
notification to the president.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg leave to report, on
the part of the committee appointed to wait
upon the President of the United States with
the committee of the House of Representatives,
to ask him if he had any further communica-
tion to make, that we have performed that
duty, and that we are informed by the Presi-
dent that he has no further communication to
make to Congress at this session.
john black.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I move to take
up House bill No. 2568.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2568) for the re-
lief of John Black, late consul of the United
States at the city of Mexico. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to John
Black, late consul of the United States at the
city of Mexico, the rate of compensation al-
lowed by law to a secretary of legation, for
his diplomatic services to the United States
in Mexico during the suspension of diplomatic
intercourse between Mexico and the United
States, from the 15th of September, 1858, to
the 15th of April, 1859, inclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, re$d
the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its chief clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled hill (S. No. 1164) appro-
priating $10,000 for a statue of General John
A. Rawlins ; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore.
john black.
Mr. SHERMAN. A bill has just passed
without the knowledge of the Senate.
Mr. BLAlli. i move to discharge the Mil-
itary Committee from  .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain no motion until Senators resume
their seats.
Mr. SHERMAN. A bill has passed with-
out the knowledge of the Senate. I want to
know what it was, and I insist that it shall be
read by its title, and that this disorder shall
^The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was a
bill called up by the Senator from New Jer-
sey. the title of which will again be read.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (H. R. No.
2568) for the relief of John Black, late consul
of the United States at the city of Mexico.
