4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8.
pointed to wait,o  the President, and inform him
that quorums of the two Houses had assembled,
and were ready to receive any coMimunicatio . he
might make, reported that they liad performed-
the dutv assigned them, and "had received for
answer that the President would, to-day at twelve
o'clock, make to the two Houses a communica-
tion m writing.
A message was then received from the Presi-
dent of the'Unitcd States, by Mr. Dq^EtsoN, his
Private Secretary, which was road; and, on mo-
tion of Mr. Grundy, five thousand extra copies,
of the message, and one thousand five hundred
copies-of the accemjKuiying documents, were or-
dered to be printed for the use of the Senate.
It is as follows:                                  .
Felloic-cilkem of the Senate
and Houst <¡f Representatives:
In the discharge of my official duty, the task
again devolves upon me of communicating with
a aew Congress. The reflection that the repre-
sentation of the Union has been recently renewed,
and that the constitutional term of its. service will
expire with my own, heightens the solicitude with
which I shall attempt to lay before it, the state of
our national concerns, and the devout hope which
I cherish that.its labors, to improve them may be
crowned with success.
You are assembled at a period oí profound in-
terest to the American patriot. The unexampled
growth and prosperity of our country having
given us a rank in the scale of nations whicn
removes all apprehension of danger to our integ-
rity and independence from external foes, the
career of freedom is before us, with an earnest
from the past that, if true to ourselves, there can
be no formidable obstacle in the future to its
peaceful and uninterrupted pursuit. Yet in pro-
portion to the disappearance of those apprehen-
sions which attended our weakness, as once con-
trasted with tie power of seme «f -the- Sta«es of
the Old World, should we now be solicitous a  to,
those which belong to the conviction, that it is to
our own conduct we must look, for the presoRrai-
tion of those causes on which depend the exeet-
lence and the duration- of our happy system of
government.
In the example of other systems, founded ©n
the will of the people, we trace to internal dis-
sension the influences which have so often blasted
the hopes of the friends of freedom.    The social
elements, which were strong and successful when
united against external danger, failed in the more
difficult task of properly adjusting their own in-
ternal organization, and thus gave way the great
principle of self-government.    Let us trust that
this admonition will never be forgotten by the
Government or the people of the Dinted States; ¡
and that the testimony which our experience thnS !
far holds out to the great human-'family, of the  I
practicability and the blessings of free govern- j!
ment, will be confirmed in'all time to come.
We have but to look at the state of our agri-1
culture, manufactures, and commerce, and the |
unexampled increase of our population, to feel the,
magnitude of the trust committed to us. Never,
in any former period of our history, have we had
greater reason than we now have, to be thankful
to Divine Providence for the blessings of health
and general prosperity. Every branch of labor
we see crowned with the most abundant re ward si
iu every element of national resources and wealth,
qpd of iadividuftl eojofort; we witness the most
rapid a-nd solid improvements. "With bo inter-
ruptioos to this pleasing prospect at home, which
will not yield to the spirit of harmony and good
will that so strikingly pervades the mass of the
people in every quarter, amidst all the diversity
of interest and pursuits to which they are at-
tafched; and with no cause Of solicitude la regard
to our external affairs, which will not, it is hoped,
disappear before the principles of simple justice
and the forbearance that mark our intercourse
with foreign powers,—we have pyery reason to
feel proud of owr beloved country.
The general state of our foreign relations lias
not materially changed since my last annual
message.
In the settlement of the question of the North-
eastern boundary little progress hit  bien. made.
Great Britain declined acceding to the proposi-
tion of the United States, presented in accordance
with the resolation of the Senate, unless certain
preliminary conditions were admitted, which I
deemed incompatible with a satisfactory and
rightful adjustment of the controversy. Wait-
ing for some distinct proposal from the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, which has been invited, I
can only repeat the expression oí my confidence
that, with the strong mutual disposition which I
believe exists, to make a just arrangement, thus
perplexing question can be settled with a due re-
gard to the Well-founded pretensions and pacific
policy of all the parties to it. Events are fre-
quently occurring on the Northeastern frontier,
of a character to impress upon all the necessity
of a speedy and definite termination of the dis-
pute. This consideration, added to the desire
common to both, to relieve the liberal and friendly
relations bo happily existing between the two
countries from all embarrassment, will no doubt
have its just influence upon both.
Our diplomatic intercourse with Portugal has
been renewed, and it is expected that the Claims
of our citizens, partially paid, will be fully satis-
fied as soon as the condition of the Queen 's Gov-
ernment will permit the proper attention to the
subject of them. That Government has, I am
happy to inform you, manifested a determination
to act upon the liberal principles which have
marked our commercial policy; the happiest ef-
fects upon the future trade between the United
States and Portugal are anticipated from it, and
the time is not thought to be remote when a
system of perfect reciprocity will be established.
The installments under the convention with the
King of the Two Sicilies have been paid with
that scrupulous fidelity by which his whole con-
duct has been characterized, and the hope is in-
dulged that the adjustment of the vexed question
of our claims will be followed by a more extended-
and mutually beneficial intercourse between, the.
two countries.
The internal contest still continues in Spain.'
Distinguished as this struggle has unhappily been
by incidents of the most sanguinary character,
the obligations of the late treaty of indemnifica-
tion with us have been, nevertheless, faithfully
executed by the Spanish Government.
No provision having been made at the last ses-
sion of Congress for the ascertainment of the
claims to be paid, and the apportionment of the
funds, under the convention made with Spain, I
invite your early attention to the subject. The
public evidences of the debt have, according to
the terms of the convention, and in the forms pre-
scribed by it, been placed in the possession of the
United States; and the interest, as it fell due, has (
been regularly paid upon them. Our commercial i
intercourse with Cuba stands as regttlated by the
tyjt of Congreso- N© recent information has been
received as to the disposition of the Government
of Madrid on this subject, and the lamented death
¡ of our recently appointed Minister, on his way to
j Spain, with the pressure of their affairs at home,:
i render it scarcely probable that any change is to
be looked for during the coming year. Further
I portions of the Florida archives have been sent
to the United States, although the death of one of'
' the commissioners, at a critical moment, embar-
rassed the progress of the delivery of them. The
higher officers of the local government have re-
cently shown an anxious desire, in compliance
with the orders from the parent Government, to
facilitate the selection and delivery of all we have
a right to claim.
Negotiations hare been opened at Madrid for
the establishment of a lasting peace between
Spain and such of the Spanish American Gov-,
ermnents of this hemisphere as have availed
themselves of the intimation, given to all of them,
of the disposition of .Spain to treat upon the basis
of their ernireindependence. It is to be regretted
that simultaneous appointments, by all, of minis-
ters to negotiate with Spain, had not been made;
the negotiation itself would have been simplified,
and this long-standing dispute, spreading over a
large portion of the world, would have been
brought toa more speedy conclusion.
Q>ur political and commercial relations, with
Austria;, Prussia, Sweden, and Denmark, stand
on the usual favorable basis. One of the articles
of our treaty with Russia, in relation to the
tmde on the northwest coast of America, having
expired, instructions harve been given to our Min-
ister at St. Petersburgh to negotiate a renewal of
it. The long and unbroken amity between the
two Governments gives every reason for sup-
posing the article will be renewed, if stronger
motives do not exist to prevent it than, with our
view of the subject, can be anticipated here.
I ask your attention to the message of my
predecessor at the opening of the second session
of the Nineteenth Congress, relative to our com-
mercial intercourse with Holland, and to the
documents connected with that subject, commu-
nicated to the House of Representatives on the
10th of January, 1825, and 18th of January,
182>7. Coinciding in the opinion of my prede-
cessor, that Holland is. npt, under the regula-
tions of her present system, entitled to have her
vessels and their cargoes received into the United
States on the footing of American vessels and
cargoes, as regards duties of tonnage and impost,
a respect for liis reference of it to the Legisla-
ture has alone prevented me from acting on the
subject. I should, still have waited, without com-
ment, 'or the action of Congress, but recently a
claim has been made by Belgian subjects to ad-
mission into our ports for their ships and car-
goes on the same footing as American, with the
allegation we could not dispute, that our vessels
received in their ports the identical treatment
shown to them in the ports of Holland, upon
whose vessels no discrimination is made in the
ports of the United States. Giving the same
privileges, the Belgians expected the same bene-
fits—benefits that were in fact enjoyed when Bel-
gium and Holland were united under one Gov-
ernment. Satisfied with the justice of their
pretension to be placed on the same footing with
Holland, I could not, nevertheless, without dis-
regard to the principle of our laws, admit their
claim to be treated as Americans; and at the
same time, a respect for Congress, to whom the
subject had long since been referred, has pre-
vented me from producing- a just equality by
taking from the vessels of Holland privileges con-
ditionally granted by acts of Congress, although
the condition upon which the grant was made
has, in my judgment, failed since 1839. I recom-
mend, therefore, a review of the act of 1824, and
such a modification of it as will produce an
equality on such terms as Congress shall think
best comports with ¡our settled policy, and the
objurations of justice to two friendly powers.
With the Snolimc Porte, and all the Govern-
ments on the eoast Of Barbary, our relations con-
tinue tb be friendly. The proper steps have been
tjken to renew our treaty with Morocco.
The Argentine Republic has again promised to
send, within the current year, a Minister to the
United States.
A convention wkh Mexico; for extending the
time for the appointment of commissioners to run
the boundary line, has been concluded, and will
be submitted, to the Senate. Recent events in that
country have awakened the liveliest solicitude in
the United States. Aware of the strong tempta-
tions existing and powerful inducements held qui
to citizens of the United States to mingle in the
dissensions of our immediate neighbors, instruc-
tions have been given to the District Attorneys of
the United States, where indications warranted
it, to prosecute, without respect to persons, ajl
who might attempt to violate the obligations of
our neutrality; while, at the same time, it has
been thought necessary to apprise the Govern-
ment of Mexico that we should require the integ-
rity of our territory to be scrupulously respected
by both parties.
From our diplomatic agents in Brazil, Chit?;
Peru, Central America, Venezuela, and New G>a- ;
nada, constant assurances are received of the con-
tinued good understanding with the Governmetftsi
to which they are severally accredited. Wfth
those Governments upon which our citizens h«ve
valid and accumulating claims, scarcely an ad-
vance towards a settlement of them is made,
owing mainly to their distracted state, or to t&e
pressure of imperative domestic questions. Q«r
patience has been, and will probably be still fttt 
ther, severely tried; but our fellow-citizens whfise
interests are involved may confide in the detente1
¿nation of tie Government to obtain fof thfetn,
eventually, ample retribution.
