1835.
TfiKT {JONORESSIWAfc &L0Í&
Unfortunately, many of the nations of this hem-
isphere are still self-tormented by domestic disten-
sions. Revolution sucee%ds revolution, injuries
are committed upon foreigners engaged in lawful
pursuits, and much time elapses before a Govern-
ment sufficiently stable is erected to justify expec-
tation of rcdn-ss. Ministers are sent and received,
and before the discussions of past injuries are
fairly begun fresh troubles arise; but too fre-
quently new injuries are added to the old, to be
discussed together, with the existingGoVernment,
after it has proved its ability to sustain the assaults
made upon it, or with its successor, if overthrown.
If this unhappy cond ition of things continues much
longer, other nations will be under the painful ne-
cessity of deciding whether justice to their suffer-
ing citizens does not require a prompt redress of
injuries, by their own power, without waiting for
the establishment of a Government competent
and enduring enough to discuss and to make
satisfaction for them.
Since the last session of Congress, the validity
of our claims upon France, as liquidated by the
treaty of 1831, has been acknowledged by both
branches of her Legislature, and the money has
been appropriated for their discharge, but the
payment is, I regret to inform you, still withheld.
A brief recapitulation of the most important
incidents in this protracted controversy will show
howutterly untenable are the grounds upon which
this course is attempted to be justified.
On entering upon the duties of my station, I
found the United States an unsuccessful applicant
to the justice of France, for the satisfaction of
claims, the validity of which was never question-
able, and has now been most solemnly admitted
by France herself. The antiquity of these claims,
their high justice, and the aggravating circum-
stances out of which they arose, are too familiar
to the American people to require description.
It is sufficient to say, that, for a period of ten
years and upwards, our commerce was, with but
little interruption, the subject of constant aggres-
sions on the part of France—aggressions, the
ordinary features of which were condemnations
of vessels and cargoes under arbitrary decrees,
adopted in contravention as well of the laws of
nations as of treaty stipulations,burnings on the
high seas, and seizures and confiscations under
special imperial rescripts in the ports of other na-
tions occupied by the armies, or under the control
of France. Such, it is now conceded, is the char-
acter of the wrongs we suffered—wrongs in many
cases so flagrant that even their authors never
denied our right to reparation. Of the extent of
these injuries some conception may be formed
from the fact, that after the burning of a large
amount at sea, and the necessary deterioration in
other cases by long detention, the American
property so seized and sacrificed at forced sales,
excluding what was adjudged to privateers, be-
fore or without condemnation, brought into the
Trench treasury upwards of twenty-four millions
of francs, besides large custom-house duties.
The subject had already been an affair of twenty
years'_ uninterrupted negotiation, except for a
short time, when France was overwhelmed by the
military powers of united Europe.    During this
period, whilst other nations were extorting from
her payment of their claims at the point of the
bayonet, the United States intermitted their de- '
mand for justice, out of respect to the oppressed
condition of a gallant people, to whom they felt i
under obligations for fraternal assistance in their
own days of suffering and of peril.    The bad
effects of these protracted and unavailing discus- J
sions, as well upon our relations with France as I
upon our national character, were obvious, and the '
line of duty was to my mind equally so.    This, !
was, either to insist upon the adjustment of our
claims within a reasonable period, or to abandon
them altogether.   I could not doubt that, by this
course, the interest and honor of both countries
would be best consulted. Instructions were, there-
fore, given in this spirit to the Minister who was
sent out once more to demand reparation.    Upon
the meeting of Congress, in December, 1829, Ifelt
it my duty to speak of these claims, and the delay s
of France, in terms calculated to call the serious
attention of both countries to the subject.   The
then French Ministry took exception to the mes-
sage, on the ground of its containing a menace,
under which it was not agreeable to the French
| Government to negotiate. The American Mitiñ-
i ter, of his own accord, refuted the construction
which was attempted to be put upon the message,
and at the same time called to the recollection of
the French Ministry that the President's message
was a communication addressed, not to foreign
Governments, but to the Congress of the United
States, in which it wasenjoined upon him, by the
Constitution, to lay before that body information
of the state of the Union, comprehending its
foreign as well as its domestic relations; and that
if, in the discharge of this duty, he felt it incum-
bent upon him to summon the attention of Con-
gress in due time to what might be the possible
consequences of existing difficulties with any
foreign Government, he might fairly be supposed
to do so under a sense of what was due from him
in a frank communication with another branch of
his own Government, and not from any intention
ef holding a menace over a foreign Power. The
views taken by him received my approbation, the
French Government was satisfied, and the nego-
tiation was continued. It terminated in thetreaty
of July 4, 1831, recognizing the justice of our
claims in part, and promising payment to the
amount Of twenty-five millions of francs, in six
annual installments.
The ratifications of this treaty were exchanged
at Washington on the 2d of February, 1832, and
in five days thereafter it was laid before Congress,
who immediately passed the acts necessary, on our
part, to secure to France the commercial advant-
ages conceded to her in the compact. The treaty
had previously been solemnly ratified by the King
of the French in terms which are certainly not
mere matters of form, and of which the translation
is as follows:
" We, approving the above convention m all and each of
toe dispositions winch are contained in it, do declare by
ourselves, as well as by our heirs and successors, that it is
accepted, appioved, ratified, and confirmed ; and by these
presents, signed by our hand, we do accept, approve, ratify,
and confirm it; promising, on the faith and word of a king,
to observe it, and to cause it to be observed inviolably, with-
out ever contravening it, or suffering it to be contravened,
directly or indirectly, for any cause or under any pretense
whatsoever."
Official information of the exchange of ratifi-
cations in the United States reached Paris whilst
the Chambers were in session. The extraor-
dinary, and to us injurious, delays of the French
Government in their action upon the subject of
its fulfillment have been heretofore stated to Con-
gress, and I have no disposition to enlarge upon
them here. It is sufficient to observe that the
then pending session was allowed to expire with-
out even an effort to obtain the necessary appro-
priations; that the two succeeding ones were also
suffered to pass away without anything like a
serious attempt to obtain a decision upon the sub-
ject; and that it was not until the fourth session
—almost three years after the conclusion of the
treaty, and more than two years after the exchange
of ratifications—that the bill for the execution of
the treaty was pressed to a vote, and rejected.
In the mean time, the Government of the United
States, having full confidence that a treaty entered
into and so solemnly ratified by the French King,
would be executed in good faith, and not doubt-
ing that provision would be made for the payment
of the first installment, which was to become due
on the 2d day of February, 1833, negotiated a
draft for the amount through the Bank of the
United States. When th¡3 draft was presented
by the holder, with the credentials required by
the treaty to authorize him to receive the money,
the Government of France allowed it to be pro-
tested. In addition to the injury in the non-pay-
ment of the money Try France conformably to
her engagement, the United States were exposed
to a heavy claim on the part of the bank, under
pretense of damages, in satisfaction of which,
that institution seized upon, and still retains, an
equal amount of the public moneys. Congress
was in session when the decision of the Cham-
bers reached Washington, and an immediate com-
munication of this apparently final decision of
France, not to fulfill the stipulations of the treaty,
was the course naturally to be expected from the
President. The deep tone of dissatisfaction which
pervaded the public mind, and the correspondent
excitement produced in Congress by only a gen-
eral knowledge of the result, rendered "it more
than pforuule that a resort to immediate measure 
of reátete* ifr-odd be the consequence of calling
the atten&m of that body to the subject. Sin-
cerely desirous of preserving the pacific relations
which had so long existed between the two coun-
tries, I was anxious to avoid this course if I could
be satisfied that, by doing so, neither the interests
nor the honor of my country would be compro-
mittéd. Without the fullest assurances upon
that point, I could not hope to acquit myself of
the responsibility to be incurred in suffering Con-
gress to adjourn without laying the subject before
them. Those received by me were believed to
be of that character.
That the feelings produced in the United State 
by the news of the rejection of the appropriation
would be such as I have described them to have
been, was foreseen by the French Government,
and prompt measures were taken by it to prevent
the consequences. The King, in person, ex-
pressed, through our Minister at Paris, his pro-
found regret at the decision of the Chambers, and
promised to send forthwith a national ship, with
dispatches to his Minister here authorizing him
to give such assurances as would satisfy the'Gov-
ernment and people of the United States that the
treaty would yet be faithfully executed by France.
The national ship arrived, and the Minister re-
ceived his instructions. Claiming to act under
the authority derived from them, he gave to this
Government, in the name of his, the most solemn
assurances, that as soon after the new elections
as the charter would permit, the French Cham-
bers would be convened, and the attempt to pro-
cure the necessary appropriations renewed; that
all the constitutional powers of the King and hi*
Ministers should be put in requisition to accom-
plish the object; and he was understood, and so
expressly informed by this Government at the
time, to engage that the question should be
pressed to a decision, at a period sufficiently early
to permit information of the result to be commu-
nicated to Congress at the commencement of their
next session. Relying upon these assurances, 1
incurred the responsibility, great as I regarded it
to be, of suffering Congress to separate without
communicating with them upon the subject.
The expectations justly founded upon the
promises thus solemnly made to this Government
by that of France were not realized. The French
Chambers met on the 31st of July, 1834, soon
after the election; and although our Minister in
Paris urged the French Ministry to press the
subject before them, they declined doing so. He
next insisted that the Chambers, if prorogued
without acting on the subject, should be reas1
sembled at a period so early that their action on
the treaty might be known in Washington prior
to the meeting of Congress. This reasonable
request was not only declined, but the Chambers
were prorogued on the 29th of December—a da^
so late that their decision, however urgently
pressed, could not, in all probability, be obtained
in time to reach Washington before the necessary
adjournment of Congress by the Constitution.
The reasons given by the Ministry for refusing
to convoke the Chambers at an earlier period
were afterwards shown not to be insuperable, by
their actual convocation on the 1st of December,
Under a special ca.ll for domestic purposes; which
fact, however, did not become known to this
Government until after the commencement of tb*
last session of Congress.
Thus disappointed in our just expectations, H
became my imperative duty to consult with Con-
gress in regard to the expediency of a resort to
retaliatory measures, in cake the stipulations Of
the treaty should not be speedily Complied with;
and to recommend such as, in my judgment, the
occasion called for. To this end, an unreserved
communication of the case, m all its aspects, be-
came indispensable. To have shrunk, m making
it, from saying all that was necessary to its Cor-
rect understanding, and that the truth ifrould jus-
tify, for fear of giving offense to others, would
have been unworthy of us. To have gone, on
the other hand, a single Step further, for the pur-
pose of wounding the pride of a Government and
people with whom we had so many motive* for
cultivating relatidris of amity and rúcirjrocíal ad-
vantage, would have been unwise and improper.
Admonished by the  pasl of the difficulty of
