IS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
n nos from circulation The coinage of silv er
h-sle.n txttnehd. i>> the first . ight nient' v of
this v nr. to ov.r >i_ht and > t'niej tu ' oils ot
piffts, n'lihisbilitMilliilu nnuliKVOid the
num'xr in the same portion ot nn\ pit ceding
jeir The building of the three brineh mints,
and the prewiring ofiheii .impropriate nuelumrv ,
authorized hi the act of t n 3d of JUaich last,
w as dev olv ed"l>\ the Pn 'id. nt of the I nited «Itites
on this Ot nsrtmei t, inri has bom prosecuted w ith
all pracrcilA d.spat-h
Tr> < «imites and v low s of the director on thit
subject, as «ell ns on other improve ments con-
meted -vi ith tS s \mpor-mt and increasing estnb-
hvliment, will, vv.th i's vvho'e operitions the
curre nt vear and tin dt ..v's on the progress mide
in the not buihlings ard maclumry, be season-
ably prtsi nud in a sepirate lommunication. and
tv is P> partment does not, on this occasion, deem
it necessary to invite special attention to am thins;
further connected with iither the mint or our
coinage, except the seven! recommendations rt -
lating to th. m, vv hie h were contained in its last
anmiil report The same reisons then assigned
lor c'osing, by a special act of Congress, the
. oncems of the sinking fund, and of the connec-
tion of the Government, ifter the 3d of Mirt.li
next, m ith the United States Bank, on the subject
of both the national debt and of pens'O/is allowed
previous to 183a, apply now with increased
force It is consideied that nothing need be
added to the suggestions then made on these
po'nts, or on the subject of the seizure of the
ibvidt r.ds due the United States by the bank for
its claim for damages ot what is called the bill of
exchange on the Government of France.
\s Congress has never yet given its sanction
to that claim, or made any appropriation for its
payment, it is very desirable that in its final pro-
ceeding concerning the affairs of the Government
with the bank, some special direction should be
included on that subject, as well as on the reports
to be required, and agency exercised over the
interests of the United States in the bank the en-
suing two years, by any public officer A d.rec-
tion seems proper, also, as in 1812, concerning
the receipt of the bills of the bank for public dues
after the 3d of March next, and on the dispo-
sition or investment of the interest of the United
States in its capital stock, whenever paid over to
the Treasury. Some explicit action of Congress
on the subject of the abov e claim for damages, is
very desirable in another view, so as to enable
this Department, in case of the receipt of a ly
pirt of the French indemnity, to decide correctly
whether the dividends seized by the bank should,
i i any event, be cons d' red the loss of the United
States, or should be deducted from the amount
r> ceived for the claimants under the treaty, in
whose behalf the business was transacting in
w hich the demand for damages originated, and to
whose credit the present act of Congress requires
shall be paid into the Treasury only " the net
proceeds " of each installment.
VII. Miscellaneous subjects.
In the course of the past rear, the Department
has, at various ports, discontinued, as not neces-
sary, fourteen custom-house officeis, and at otheis
reduced the compensation of a few This has
enabled it to augment the number and compensi-
tion at some other points, where the increase of
business appeared to demand it, though not, in
all places, to the extent desired From the dimin-
ished temptation to smuggling, undTour reduced
tariff, this Department has felt justified in lessen
in  the number of revenue cutters two, or one-
tenth of the whole; the number of boats three,
and the number of officers and men over fifty,
making hereafter an annual siwng in these r spects
of about twenty thousand dolltrs. After full in-
quiry, all has been effected on this subject which
the public interests appear now to jusafy, the
expenses of collection in this and other particulars
should be considered in reference to the gross,
and not, as is sometimes inadvertently done, the
net revenue; the formor being the amount which
the custom-house establishment must actually
assess, and the difference, between them bein<"in
part paid out for other obj'ects than the mere ex-
panses of collection; such as bounties on the fish-
eries, and refunding of duties.    In deciding on
the reasonableness of those expenses, it must be
m imfi st that a t ei tain numbei ofoffieeis, cutters,
boils, A.C . «quil to the coll. etion o a large Mini,
cannot be clispe ns. .1 w ith , at m my pía. i s, if any
r. venue, however small, is to be collected; < Ise
there wou'il bt no adequate secuuty against illicit
trade . and no means of furnishing propt r entries,
clearances, and othir papéis, to those engaged
in navigation, though their trade may be almost
exclusively in the present laige amount of free
floods, oi in our widt Iv-cxtendod coasting busi-
ness In computing the rate per cent, for col-
lecting the rt venue, it must also be remembered
that the rate is larger as the amount collected di-
minishes, and smiller as it increases, though the
whole a tual c\pt use of collt etion per annum
remiins the sim. Furthermore, the necessary
cost of collecting $30,000.00(1 at the same ports
obviously need be but little moie than to collect
half that sum, though the percentage, in one
case, w ill be double w hat it is in the otlu r. This
Depirtment, since the reduction of the whole
duties to be collected in 1833, and the correspond-
ing d« crease in the inducements to smuggle, has
endeavored to reduce the whole actual expenses,
and has, in some degree,Leen successful, though
the whole cost of collection miy still constitute
a larger percentage than at some former periods,
as the whole amount of revenue is so much less-
ei od
Thus, from 1790 to 1794, that cost, though small
in itself, rose in some of those yiars to more than
five and a half per cent on a smill revenue, oi to
about the same as in 1833 and '34, and which is
quite tw o per cent lower than the av erage in Eng-
land, and four per cent lower than in Fiance. But
in most intermediate years, for reasons before
stated,and others too obvious for recital, the cost
of collecting our revenue from customs, as well
as lands, has seldom exceeded three and a half
per cent , and from the latter is now probably not
half that rate. Besides the explanations alieady
given on this subject, it is hoped that the new
expenses will ere long cease, which hive recently
been imposed on the collection of the revenue,
by the necessary preparations for making, and
the actual manufacture of useful and mipoitant
standard weights and measures, and uniform sets
thereof, for all the custom-houses in the United
States.
In addition to the recommendations in the last
annual report as to light-houses, it may be observ ed
that this Department, during the recess of Con-
gress, deemed itproper to cause a thorough inquiry
tobeinstitutedintothewholesubjcct. The inquny
extended to the propriety of discontinuing any of
the present light-houses, or of building otht rs, the
expediency of changing the height or material of
any of these edifices, the best manner of lighting
them, in respect to the kind or number of lamps
or reflectors; the various substanc  s used, and
most suitable to give the best light at the smillcst
expense, and, in fine, the economy of managing
the whole establishment. With this was com-
bined a system of uniform instructions to the light-
house keepers for the discharge of their public
duties. The report of the Fifth Auditor, and the
correspondence growing out of this inquiry, de-
velop some mteiesting facts, and the whole pro-
ceedings will, with pleasure, be laid before Con-
gress on some othei appropnate opportunity.
The report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is accompanied by so many long
and important documents, that it is herewith
submitted in a separate communication. Beside
the remarks made a year since by this Depart-
ment, on the rapid increase of duties in that bu-
reau, and the corresponding necessity for an in-
crease of cleiks to dispose of it promptly and
correctly, the experience of the present year has,
by the vast sales of lands which have occurred,
add d new force to all that was then urged.
Taking ether the number of acres sold, or the
amount of money received, as a guide, it will be
seen by the table (F) that the business has more
than doubled within the past five years.
The recommendations contained in the Com-
' missioner's report will, it is hoped, receive that
early and grave attention which the convenience
and in ten sts of the whole country, and especially
of the Southwest and West, seem imperiously
to require     As a subject of retrenchment, eon-
' nected with this bureau, where the chmnc tei of
the business will peimit, it is suggested to Con
giebs, whethi r it might not be advisiblei to dis-
continue the offices in a few distucts, and annex
them to the adjoining ones, on the giound that
the public sales recently made at them, or antic i-
patt d hereafter, are not sufficie nt to justify the
expense of continuing them as distnitt ofiices.
Several other subjects suggesttd for consult u-
tion to the last Congress, and not fintllyaeted
upon, are again respectfully urged on Us atten-
tion, without going into a rejietilion of the vn vvs
then submitted in relation to them
Among the principal were—tin change m the
commencement of the fiscal year, a icoigam/a-
tion of the Tieasury Depirtment, espi e mlly to
increase some of its checks, fuitlu i contiol ovti
some of its discretionary powers, by more spe-
cific regulations as to the th |>osit banks, and the
keeping and disbursing of the publn money , the
revision of the laws as to the maiine hospital
fund, rebuilding the Treasm y offices, legislation
on the piovisoes in the act of Julv 14, Ib32,
and other points to enforce the spirit of the pu s-
ent tanff, and making new piovisions on the
number and compensation of custom-house offi-
cers In the report and bill connecled with this
last matter were include d several suggestions for
further changes in the present system for col-
lecting our revenue from customs, to uliith, on
some future occasion, will b" suljoined suchas
have since occurred from additional expeliente
and inquiries.
Vanous other subjects, specially de-volve d on
the head of this Department, hive received the
attention and libor which they appealed to de-
serve, but from the lengtti to which this lepoit
has already extended, the proceedings in relation
to them will, at an eaily day, be sepaiately com-
municated to Congress.
All which is respectfully submitted.
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secreta)y of the Titasuty.
To the Hon James K. Polk,
Speaker of the IIou e of Jieprc-et^ahves
Mr. CAMBRELEXG moved that it be laid
on the table, and that ten thousand copies be
printed.
Mr. CONNOR suggested fifteen thousand
copies
Mr. CAMBRELENG accepted the sugge stion
aá a modification of his motion. It was then
agreed to.
REPORTS FROM DEP \RTMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a I. tier
from the Secretary of th Tieisury, nulos,ng
the annual repo t of the Comm.ssionei of the
General Land Office.
Which, on motion of Mr CAMBRELENG,
was Hid on the table and ordered to be pi.nte d
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
transmitting the estimates of expendituie foi t,he
yeai 1836, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House  a
lettci from the Secrctaiy of the Tieasury, trans-
mitting printed copies ot the receipts and e xpend-
lturcs for the year 1834, and the three fust quar-
ters ofls35, hud on the table.
president's message.
Mr. WISE moved to reconsider the Tote di-
recting the printing often thousand copies of the
President's message. That, he believed, wis the
usual number. His object was to increase the
quantity
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, thought an
increased number unnecessary. The message
would be published m almost' every newspaper
in the country
Mr WISE remarked that the me<!sa< e was
one of unusual interest; and if the motion to
reconsider prevailed, he should move to print
twenty thousand.
The motion was agreed to
Mr. WISE then moved to Rtnend the ieso-
lution, by directing that fifteen tho isind copies
of the message and documents, and five thousand
copies of the message without the document*,, be
printed.
