1835.                     *           THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      19
Mr. BEARDSLEY accepted the amendment
as a modification of his motion.                              I
The resolution as modified was thin agreed to
r>E\.TII OF HOW  W.TÍIAN SMITH.           ]
A nn ssaije vas recened f.om the Seinte, an-
nouncing tin dtvh of the Hon. Nathan Smith,
a niemoer of t''"it bod) fiom the State of Con-
necticut, and that his fuueial would t. ke plan at
twehc o'clock to-moriovv.
Mr TOUCCY, of Connecticut, submitted a
resolution that the members of the House would
attend the funerol of Mr. Smith, and would wear
the visual bad^e of mouinuig for the space of
thirty days, which was agiecd to.
Oa motion of Mr. JUDSQN, of Connecticut,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 9, 1835.
At twelve o'clock the Senate assembled.
OBSEQUIES OF LATE  HOIÍ. NATHAN SMITH.
On motion by Mr KING, of Alabama, the
reading: of the Journal was dispensed with, and
the Senate adjourned, for the purpose of per- I
forming the obsequies of the late Hon. Nathan '
Smith, of Connecticut, deceased, in conformity
with the resolutions of the Senate adopted yes-
terday.
The President of the United States, with the
heads of the executive departments, the Post-
master General and the Attorney General, and
the members of the House of Representatives,
with their Speaker and Clerk, having been re-
ceived into the Senate Chamber and taken the
seats assigned them, the corpse was brought in,
in charge of the Committee of Arrangements and
pall-bearers, attended by the Sergeant-at-Arms of
the Senate.
Divine service was then performed by the Rev.
Mr. Higbee; after which
The funeral procession moved to the place of
interment in the following order:
The Clergy.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements.
Mr. Swift,                            Mr. Southard,
Mr. Knight,                         Mr. Shipley.
Mr. Tallmadge,
Pall Bearers.
Mr. White,                          Mr. Hendricks,
Mr. Leigh,                            Mr. Ewing,
Mr. Naudain,                       Mr. Wright.
Relatives of the deceased.
The Senator and Representatives from the State
of Connecticut, as mourners.
The Seigeant-at-Arms of the Senate of the United
States.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
Vice Piesident and Secretary.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the  House of Repre-
sentatives.
The House of Rep.esentatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States.
Foreign Ministers.
Citizens and Strangers.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Weowesdat, December 9, 1835.
The Hon Jesse A. Bt>tom, of North Carolina,  i
attended and was qualified.                                      |
This day having been assigned for the funeral i
of the Hon Nathan Smith, late a Senator from '
the State of Connecticut,                                         '
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the House ad-
journed.   _____^_^
IN SENATE,
Thursday, December 10, 1835.
The following message was received from 'he
President of the United States, by Mr. Dokel-
sok, his Private Secretary:
Washington, December 9,1835.
To the Senate"and House ofRtprtsenlalires:
Gentlemen: By the actof the 11th of January,
1805, all that part of the Indiana Territory lying
north of a line drawn due " east from the south-
' erly bend oi ixtremeof LakeMichig-in until it
' sh ill m'ersf rt Lik< Erie, and cast of aline drawn
'fiom the -si'dsouthu'v bend,thiousrh the middle
'of siid lik" to its northern extremity, and thence
' due noi th^o the nortl ei n boundary of the United
' States," v\ is erected into isepaiate Tcriitory by
the nam   of Michigan.
The temtorv comprised within these limits
Lrin-r p.lrt of t!i« district of country desenbed in
the ordinance of the 13th of July, 1787, which
piovides that, whenever nnv of the States into
which the same should be divided should have
sixty-thousand free mhabitints, such State should
be admitted bv its delegates " into the Congicss
' of the Umti d States, on an equal footing with
' the ouginal States in all respects'whatever, and
' shall be at libei ty to form a permanent constitu-
' Hon and State government, provid 'd the consti-
' tution and government so to be formed shall be
'republican, and in conformity to the principles
'contained in these articles"—the inhabitants
thereof have, during the present year, in pursu-
ance of the light secured by the ordinance, formed
a constitution aid St-itc government. That in-
strument, together with various other documents
connected therewith, Ins been transmitted to me
for tin? purpose of be ing laid before Congress, to
whom the power and duty of admitting new
States into the Union exclusively appertains; and
the whole arc herewith eommunicUed for your
early decision             ANDREW JACKSON.
The messaj  having been read,
Mr. BENTON moved that it be printed, to-
gether with the accompanying documents, and
that the whole subject be reft i red to a select com-
mittee, consisting of five members, which motion
was carried, and,
On motion of Mr. M\NGUM, the appoint-
ment of the committee vv as postponed to Monday
next.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY LINE OF OHIO
A message was also received from the President
by Mr. Dovelson, his Secretary, transmitting a
report from the Secretary of War, show ng the
progress of the astronomical observations made
for ascertaining the northern boundary line of the
State of Ohio
Which, on motion of Mr. BENTON, was or-
| dered to be printed, and referred to the same
I committee.
I         REPORT FROM STATE   DEPARTMENT.
A message was also received from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of State, made in compliance with
j   the resolution of the Senate of the 24th of Feb-
i ruary last.
!                       FOREIGN MERCHANDISE.
j|     The CHAIR communicated a report from the
|| Secretary of the Treasuiy, made in compliance
I with the resolution of the Senate of the 3d March
|| last, showing the amount of duties upon for-
eign merchandise imported into the United States,
I which were created or imposed by the act entitled
" An act in alteration of the several acts impos-
' mg duties on imports as additional to the duties
' bejere that time, and which were collected after
' the 1st day of September, and on or before the
' 31st day of December in that year, designating
' the amount of such additional duties as were
' collected m each particular month, and showing
' the amount which was returned in debenture on
' the exportation of merchandise upon which such
' additional duty was imposed."
OTHER REPORTS.
Also, a report from the Treasury Department,
mode in compliance with the resolution of the
Senate of the 29th of January last, relative to the
duties on plains, kerseys, and kendall cottons.
Also, a report from the Treasury Department,
exhibiting certain transfers of appropriations in
conformity with the provisions of the act of the
3d of March, 1829.
Also, the annual report from the Treasurer of
the United States, made in compliance with the
provisions of the act of Congress of 1789.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, a report from the Chief En-
gineer, relative to a bridge across the Wabash
river; all of which were ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING, ETC.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Secretary of the Senate, made in compliance
with the resolution of January last, showing the
amount of the expenditures for printing, station-
eiy, and for the purchase of books for the Senate.
SEN\TE CONTINGENT FUND.
Also, a report fi om the same offieei, containing
a statement of the expenditures out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate, for the last year; both
of which wcie ordeied to be punted.
SENATE COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRUNDY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day forconsideiation:
Rcsolvci, Tint th" Si mte will, on Thursday next, pro
eecd K> the .ippuintra"ntot the stinding committees
ADJOURNMENT.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, it was
Orderej, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
Monday next
DEATH OF HON. NATHAN SMITH.
Mr. TOMLINSON submitted  the following
resolution, which was considered and adopted:
Jtooíreí, That the President of the Senate be requested
to iuKhv the Executive ol tlie State ol Connecticut of the
death ot Hon 1Vath\"  Sxitu, Ute a Senator ot the United
States from that Siatc
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. PORTER gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, ask leave to bung in a bill to pro-
vide for the legal adjudication and settlement of
claims to lands then in mtntioned.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would, on Mon-
day next, ask leave to bna  in bills with the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill confirming land in the Slate of Missoun,
and for other purposes;
A bill to improve the navigation of tbeMusis-
sippi river, in the vicinity of St  Lotus; and
A bill authorizing the President of the United
i States to run and mark tlio Lne dividing the ter-
) ntory of the United States from the State of Mis-
I soun.
Mr. MOORE gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, ask leave to bring in a bill author-
ising the relinquishment of the sixteenth section
of public land granted for the use of schools, and
for other purposes.
|                      MICHIGAN SENATORS.
Mr. BENTON pre jentcd the credentials of the
I Hon. Lucios Lyon, and the Hon. John Norvell,
elected by the Legislature of Michigan, Senatois
from that State; which were lead.
11     Mr. BENTON then moved that seats be as-
signed to Mr. Lton and to Mr Norvell on the
floor of the Senate, until the decision of the ques-
tion of their admission as ¡senators.    This (Mr.
B.) said, had been done by comtcsy, in similar
caies
i     Mr. EWING observed that this was a new
matter, presented for the first tim' this mornin"-,
and one that required some consideration; with
a view of looking into precedents, and to enable
Senators to examine and consider them, he moved
to lay the sul ject, for the present, upon iho table;
which mot.oa wai adopted.
I                      SEVVTE DOCUMENTS,
i     Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day for consideration:
Reu'iel, That the Secretary of the Senste ciu«e to be
furnished to the Secretary of War, for the u--e ot In- office,
| five copies, and to the General in-Chief ot the A-my, Aujü
| tant General, Quirteruiaster General,UoiiHiiuviiy (j>e>i i il
] oi Subsistence, Paymaster General, Comim^arv O-neral
I of Purcha.es, Surgeon General, officer in cb u, ^ ol the
I clothing bureau, Chief Engineer, Inspector ot the Military
, Academy, (for the use ot that institution,) Chief ot the 1 opa
fraphic.il Corps, Colonel of Ordnance, Coinmt-sioncr ol
ndian  Affile, Commissioner ot Peibioa,, ind otli"ei  in
charge of the bounty land office forthc u >e oi tiieii re p^et
I lve ottices, each two copies of nil bills, resolution , (loen
| nient*, and other pipers presented for the use ot t ic Senate,
at the picsent and suiceeding sessions thereof; oi which,
1 wo copio, of tho e forthc Secretary of War, -ind onecopv
of those tor each of the other offices, shall b.' retained bv
i the printer to the Senate untU the end ot each session, and
then delivered bound
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT,
The Senate proceeded to the consideiation of
I executive business; and, when the doort wen 
11 opened, adjourned to Monday next.
