20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 10, IS35.
On motion Ly Mr. BiUGGS, it was
Ordtied, That when tlji-IIou-c adjourns tills (Jay, it will
adjourn to meet again on Monda} neit
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr.
MANX of New Yoik, adopting the rules of the
fast, for the government of die present, Congress,
was taken up.
Mr. GILLET moved an amendment, provid-
ing for the appointment of a standing Committee
on=the Militia, as well as a Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; which was agreed to—ayes 90, noes
not counted.
Mr. JOHN a. ADAMS offered an amend-
ment, providing that the Committee of Ways
and Means should report the general appropri-
ation bill within thirty days of their appointment,
or give their reasons for not hav ing done so.
Mr. A. explained that his object was to accel-
erate the consummation of the general appropri-
ation bills; and he thought that no gentleman
who had had the honor of n seat in that House
before, or any one at all acquainted with the
course of its proceedings, but must be aware of
the indispensable necessity of such a rule as that
Mr. A. now proposed. It was commencing at
the beginning, by requiring the Committee of
Ways and Means to report within a reasonable
time. The practice had heretofore been, upon
many occasions, that the report of that commit-
tee was postponed to a later date. It was also a
practice that had crept in insensibly, and for
which it was not Mr. A.'s intention to censure
or blame any person or party; but it had been
the practice to introduce into these appropriation
bills matter? of new legislation, grants of money,
charges upon the people, and expenditures not
warranted byanypreviouslaw. The consequence
had been, that these appropriations had been sub-
• jects of vehement contention and debate in that
House, and occasionally in the other, as well as
of debate between the two Houses; and had been
a source of discord and dissension between them.
That of itself was an evil of sufficient magni-
tude. From the delay in reporting the appro-
priation bills, the consequence has also been,
that perhaps half a year was suffered to cip.rc
before they were passed. Mr. A. then referred
to the progress of those bil's diiriag the two
sessions of the last Congress, and that passed
during the first session thereof, for the contin-
gent expenses of the Government. The latter,
including the appropriation for mileage and pay (
of members of Congress, and for salaries to
Clerks of the House of Representatives, was
passed on the 11th of February, while not one j
single cent was passed for any other branch of '
the public service till the 27th of June. The ]
President of the United States, the rajiresentative
of the nation before all other nations of the earth;
all the heads of Departments, his assistants for
the execution of the laws; the judges of the land,
supreme and subordinate—all were without a cent
during that whole period. They were starving,
at least they were obliged to live upon charity or
credit, orto starve. It was an exceedingly piopcr
thing for the members to provide for themselves;
but it was equally proper to provide for all others.
The cause of the extraordinary delay and pro-
crastination in the passage of that bill arose from
the fact that a number of articles were introduced
in it, not for the purpose of appropnation merely,
not to pay the debts of the country, but debatable
matters of another character—new laws, which
created long debates in both Houses, finally de-
laying the passage of the bill for four or five
months. Pass to the next session of Congress—
the last session—the appropriation bill was passed
within three hours of its termination, and it was
at one time questionable whether it would pass
at all, or not. He would say no more on the sub-
ject; but if the House would adopt the resolution
proposed by him, only by way of experiment,
he saw no reason why the Committee of Ways
and Means should not report within thirty days;
and he would express a hope that, whoever the
committee might be, they would strip these ap-
propriation bills of every thing but w hat were
legitimately matters of appropriation, and such
at, wore not they would make the subject of a
slhirate bJl.
lie hid allowed them a month, although, for
his ow i pan, he saw no reason wlyr they could
not make their íeport m ten days as well as in
thiity. The anpiortriations were called for upon
t'ie public estimates, and these estimates are pre-
sented by the executive department; and he was
happy to say, and he took this occasion to offer
his tribute of applause to the Secretary of the
Treasury for sending in his report of the esti-
mate of the expenditures at so early a period of
the session. He therefore saw no reason why
all the general appropriation bills mis-ht not be
reported within ten days. Cut he was willing to
allow thirty; and he could not see why they
might not be delivered to the President of the
United States before the last of February, at least;
though he himself thought they ought to be passed
before the first of Januniy, or the close of the
year, and the Treasuiy be prepared and ready
to pay them.
Mr. CAMBRELENG concuncd, he said, en-
tirely in the views of the gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts as to the evils he complained of; and
which were, probably, more rainifcst during the
last session of Congress than at any former one;
but Mr. C. dissented entirely to the position
taken by the gentleman that it ever had been, at
least in his experience, short as it had been in
r the Committee of Ways and Means, and long as
it had been in the House, that it was justly as-
cnbable to that committee. Mr. C. would appeal
to every old member of the House, whether it
had not been uniformly the practice for the chair-
man of that Committee to appeal and urge upon
the House the necessity of taking up the appropri-
ation bills, and whether the uniform habits of the
House had not been to postpone and postpone them
again from day to day, in defiance of all entieaties'
If the gentleman wishes to reach the evil he com-
plained of, he should make hn appeal to the
House. He should proscribe the law by which
that House should be bound to tako the bills up,
and proceed with them.    The honorable gentle-
i man prescribed duties to the Committee of Ways
and Means, but the gentleman must be aware,
his knowledge and experience must satisfy him,
I that every rem in the appropriation bills relating
to the Aimy and Navy was a matter of constant
communication between the committee and the
Department? How could heexpect the commit-
tee to adopt a mere estimate without reason '
Every item must undcigo full investigation, be-
fore any one member of the committee would con-
sent to its insertion. A most laborious duty had
to be performed before the bill came into the
House.
Mr. C. said he did not rise for the purpose of
objedfogjt© the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, because it had a modification that
1 the committee could give their reasons for not
i having reported the bills, and therefore the prop-
1 osition was not very operative upon the commit-
tee, because if they were ready to repoit they
would report, and if not, they could obtain fur-
ther time.   Still (Mr. C. would say) he thought
i the time too short. With regard to the measure
before the House at the last session, he regretted
as much as any gentleman that the Senate were
in the habit of putting upon the appropriation
bills others that had nothing to do with them.
He alluded to the United States Military Acad-
emy bill. Was it because the committee had not
imported the bill early enough to be acted on'
Was it the fault of the gentleman who had charge
of the bill that it was not called up: Did not
every gentleman, then a member of the House,
know that more than a dozen attempts were made
to get the bill up, and every attempt ftiled, till,
in the last emergency, the Senate were under the
necessity of attaching it to the appropriation bill
for the general expenses of the Gov ernmoht, Mr.
C. rose not for the purpose (he said) of appos-
ing the principle of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, but merely to show that the House itself
was the origin of all the evils of which the gen-
tleman complained; but lie did not think the
proposition one calculated to promote or facilitate
business. lie knew of no committee last session
that did not report in time, except one, and he
did not think the gentleman from Massachusetts,
having secured, as they did, by their united coun-
sel, a unanimous vote upon the Fiench question,
would find fault with the Committee on Foreign
Relations in not hav nig been premature. He did
not think the fault was with a committee, for every
committee would do its duty, and if they did not
act the House had power to compel them.
Mr. C. concurred with the gentleman in another
point, which was—not that it had been the prac-
tice of committees, who he believed were very
cautious not to insert anything in an appropria-
tion bill not allowed by law—but he concurred
with the gentleman, that it had been the practice
of the House, in some cases, to insert provisions
of the kind he complained of. He believed, how-
ever, the gentleman would do him the justice to
say, that "he (Mr. C.) had uniformly acted with
him in opposing such clauses—in other words,
new appropriations. He had dono it heretofore,
and should do it again; and would at all times
unite with that gentleman in opposing everything
of the kmd from that or any other committee.
Still, the committee was not so much to blame as
the House itself; and the House, he was sure,
would pardon him, for he spoke of what it was
perfectly sensible. There are some gentlemen
who had uniformly res.sted everything authorized
by the law; and he would again pledge himself to
unite with them on all occasions.
Mr. C. concluded by requesting Mr. Adams to
amend his resolution so as to extend the time to
six weeks, instead of thirty days.
Mr. VANDERPOEL was (he said) totally op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, because it involved a principle
which he well knew was not intended by the
honorable mover, that of discourtesy to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whoever they might
be. Mr. V. would ask the House whether it
was right and courteous to apply the cpur ex-
clusively to that committee? And was not the
amendment of the gentleman founded upon the
apprehension that, poradventure, that committee
would not do its duty? Now, in all charity to
every committee of that House, he was willing
to presume, nay, he was bound to presume, that
every committee appointed by the Chair would
feel the high responsibilities and obligations im-
posed upon them, and feel resolved to do their
duty, and do it promptly. Why was, it neces-
sary to call upon thw committee alone ? Ah!
say the gentlemen, we have suffered a great
deal of inconvenience heretofore. My answer to
that Is (said Mr. V.) that this committee will
profit from the lsssons of past experience. If
we suffered inconvenience from procrastination
last year and the ye ir before, I have no doubt
the Committee of Ways and Means will feel
stimulated from that circumstance, and it is
surely unnecessaiy, at this stage, to issue our
mandate that they shall report within thirty
days. Mr. V. agreed with the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that they did suffer
some inconvenience last year from procrastina-
tion, but he did not attach all the blame to the
Committee of Ways and M'ans. If fault was
anywhere, it was as much m the House, and
perhaps more, than in the committee. He well
recollected that the chairman of that committee
would come in there, day after day, and entreat
and implore the House to take up the appropri-
ation bill*; atfd ho will reoollecied, also, that
t those appeals/were made in vain. Mr. V. should
vote against the amendment.
|     Mr. JOHN Q.. ADAMS disclaimed any inten-
tion of censuring the ,Committee of Ways and
Means in the former Congress.
Mr. MERCER was understood to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. H. EVERETT moved an amendment to
the  amendment, providing * that   "the  general
appropriation bill,shall always be in order, in
preference to any other bills of a public nature."
I     Mr. ADAMS accepted it as a modification of
\ his own amendment.
Mr. SUTHERLAND supported the modified
amendment.
¡ Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
I to refer the rules and orders of the last House to
j a select committee, to consider and report thereon
I whether any amendment be necessary.
Mr.  MERCER suggested a modification to
