j^ChJO 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
21
adopt the last rules until the committee had re- (
ported
Mi 'WHITTLESEY thought the motion had
better be \\ithd>-a\m till the message had been
taktn up and ukmd
Mr PARKER also suggested the propntty
of adop*ing the i tinting rules for the present, to
enable the House to proceed with the ordinary
basinet
Mr WILLI VMS then modified his motion
aecoiding to t'ie sugeestion of Mr. Mercer; and,
at the nquest of Mr Giliet, included in his
motion the i ule n„liuve to the appointment of a
Committee on the MiUtia, before adopted
Mr. MANN, of New York, suggested the in-
sertion of the words, '• until the report of the
committee should be definitively acted upon by
the House," which Mr. Williams accepted as a
further modification of his motion.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the motion, as hit>
amendment would thereby be evaded.
Mr. WILLIAMS then withdrew it, and
Mr. MANN nnewed it, and after a few re-
marks fiom Mr. Wise,
Mr. AD\MS moved his amendment by way
of instruction to the committee, to lepoit tne
same as an additional rule.
Mr MERCCR moved that the committee be
required to inquire into the expediency of the
same, instead of reporting it imperatnely —Re-
jected—ayes 69. noes not counted.
Mr "VINTON then called for a division of the
original proposition of Mr Adams, and, after
some short time, the question on the first branch
of the instructions was put, and agreed to—ayes
91, noes 76
Mr ADAMS then moved an addition to the
second branch of the proposition, that the gen-
eral appropriation bill shall be in order in prefer-
ence to any other,as follows: " unless otherwise
ordered bv the House;" which was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS moved an amendment, to the
effect that district attorneys of the courts of the
United States be admitted on the floor of the
House, behind the bar, during the sittings,
which, after a few remarks from Mr. Beírdsley
in favor of the motion, was negatived—ayes 52,
noes not counted
Mr CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, moved
the following: " That the committee be instructed
to consider the expediency of amending the twen-
ty-fifth rule, by making all amendments in order ,
pending the main question." The object of the
amendment was to bear on the previous question.
After a few remarks by the mover, the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. PARKER moved a further instruction to
the select committee, that during the session of
the House the members shall remain uncovered,
unless specially permitted by the Speaker
Messrs P \RKERand BRIGGS briefly advo-
cated this motion, and it was opposed by Mr.
SUTHERL\ND.
Mr. PARKS moved to amend the amendment
by instruct ng the committee to consider all prop-
ositions relative to the rules which might be
handed to them by any member. Mr. r. was
induced to make the motion, to avoid any unne-
cessary consumption of time in discussing the
various instructions which geutkmen were desir-
ous of offering
After a few additional remarks by Mr. PARK-
ER in favor of his motion, the amendment to the
amendment was agreed to
The resolution as amended was then agreed to;
and the select committee was ordered to consist
of nine.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
On motion by Mr. WHITTLESEY,                |
Ordered, That the standing committees of the House be i
now appointed                                                              '
AMERICAN COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, submitted
a resolution granting the use of the Hall of Rep-
resentatives, on Tuesday evening next, to the
American Colonization Society; which was agreed
to—yeas 104, nays not counted.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, submitted a
resolution for furnishing documents, bills, &c,
to certain Departments and officers of the Govern-
ment therein named, the consideration of which,
at the instance of Mr Mivs, of New York, v\ as
w med foi the pi  si nt
MESSAGES TROM THE PRESIDE1NT.
Several messages irom the President of the
United States weie received by the hands of Mr.
Dqnelson, his Pnvale Secretary, which were
laid before the House by the Speaker, and con-
sisted of—
I.   A communication inclosing a report from
the Secritai y of the 1 reasury r lative to certain
tiansftis of appropriation; which, on motion of
Mi   Coibrell\g, was ordered to be printed.
II.   A message inclosing a report of the Secre-
tary of Wai of certain astronomical observations,
ímde with a view to the asceitainmcnt of the
not thorn boundiiy l.ne of the State of Ohio,
which, on motion of Mr. Joh\ GIlinct Adims,
was referred to a select committee uf nine, and
ordered to be printed
III.  A message, transmitting a copy of the
constitution, and various documents in lcference
thereto, adopted by a convention recently assem-
bled in the Territory of Michigan, with a view
to the formation of a new State out of said Terri-
tory.
Mr. JOHN MASON, of Vngima, moved to
refer the latter communication to a select commit-
tee, and that it be printed.
Mr. HAMER moved to refer the message to
the same select committee to which the commu-
nication in reference to the northern boundary of
the State of Ohio had been committed.
Mr. MASON remarked that, personally, he
was indifferent as to the committee to which this
subject was referred. There was some delicacy
involved in the two communications, which per-
haps might be obviated by sending them to dif-
ferent committees He should cheerfully acqui-
esce in the decision of the House upon the subject
of reference.
Mr HOWARD moved to amend the propo-
sitions by referring the latter message and the
accompanying documents to the standing Com-
mittee on Territories. He should follow up this
motion, if it succeeded, by moving to reconsider
the vote whereby the communication in reference
to the northern boundary of Ohio had just been
referred to a select committee, with a view to its
reference to the Committee on Territories He
conceived there was no propriety in sending to
select committees matters which appropriately be-
longed to the standing committees of the House.
Before any question was taken, on motion,
The House adjourned to Monday next.
IN SENATE
Monda?, December 14, 1835
Mr. Goldsborough, of Maryland, appeared
and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with, when—               |
DEATH OF MR. KANE.
Mr. ROBINSON rose and said-
Mr. President: It is true "in the midst of life
weaie indeath." Another inscrutable dispensa-
tion of Providence has given us renewed cause of
painful sorrow and grief. Elias Kent Kane is
no more. He, with whom many in this Cham-
ber have been here associated for the last ten
Sears, has left this for another and a better world
io eulogy is necessary to remind his associates
of his many virtues and amiable traits of charac-
ter, theirreheai sal would butadd poignancy to our
loss. As his colleague, I must be indulged in
saying death has taken from me a most highly
valued friend—from his State and country an able
Senator and an honest man—from his bereaved
wife and orphan children, the kindest of husbands,
the most indulgent of parents. He died at half
past one o'clock, on Friday night last, of a re-
lapse of fever, with which he had been afflicted
previous to leaving home.
I offer for adoption the following melancholy
resolutions:
Resohtl unammously, That * committee be appointed
to take order for superintending the funeral of the honor
able Euas K Kane, which will take place this day at half
past twelve oVlock, that the Senate will attend the same,
and that nonce of the event be given to the House of Rep
resentatives
Renloei unanimously, That tie member  of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect due
the memory of the honorable Elias K Kahe, deceased,
lit" a member thereof, will go into mourning for him one
month, b> the usual modo oi wealing crape round the left
arm
The CHAIR then announced the Committee
of Airangements, as follows:
Mr Bevto\, Mr. Clayton, Mi. Hendricks,
Mr  Critte\de\, and Mi. Wright.
de\tii of ho\. zalmon wildman.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Franklin,
their Clerk:
Whereas, sirce the list adjournment of this House, the
Hon. ZviiioN YViLDwvN, a Representative ot the State of
Counectnut, di d it hi-- lodging:;, in tins citj, and, in tem-
mom of re p"ct for In* memory, both Hoii-e-¡ of Congress
assembled in the Hall of the House of Representatives on
Saturdiv li=t, and attended the funeral of the deceased,
under the superintendence of the Committee of Arrange-
ment-, designated by the Speaktr, to wit
Mr. II ah y , of Connecticut, Mr. Lincoln, of
Massachusetts, Mi. Smith, of Maine, Mr. Beau-
mom,of Pennsylvania, Mi .Williams, of North
Carolina, Mr. Griffin, of South Carolina; Mr.
Harpin, of Kentucky.
Re,oloed unanimously, That, as a further testimony of
re p°ct for llu m-mory of the deceased, the Members of
tin-, Hou e n ill wiar cripe on the left arm for thirty diys.
Ordered, That the Clerk communicate these proceedings
to tliaSjnatc.
The message having been read,
Mr. TOMLINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and adopted*
Men'ted urumitnousbi, That the members of the Senate,
as a further testimony of respect for the memory of the
Hon Zai.mon Wilpman, late a member of the House of
Repres-ntatives from the State of Connecticut, will go into
mourning by wearing crape round the left arm for thirty
days
Mr ROBINSON then submitted the following
resolution; which was adopted:
Retolrei unanimyuslv, That, a-> an additional mark of
respect lor the m^morv of the Hon Elias K. Kane, the
Senate do now adjourn.
The Senate adjourned.
FUNERAL OF   MK. KANE.
The President of the United States and the
Heads of the Departments, the Vice President,
and Members of the Senate, the Speaker and
members of the House of Representatives, being
assembled in the Senate Chamber, the corpse of
the deceased was brought in  in charge of the
Committee of Arrangements,attended by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate, and divine service
peí formed by the Rev. Mr. Post, after which was
the funeral procession moved to the place of in-
terment in the following order:
The Clergy
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements:
Mr Be-ítov, of Missouri,        Mr Crittenden, of Ky ,
Mr Clavto" ,ofDoJaware,     Mr Wrioht,ofNewYork.
Air Hendricks, of Indiana.
Pall-Bearers.
Mr. Linn, of Missouri,            Mr Kino, of Alabama,
Mr T\ler, of Virginia,           Mr White, of Tennessee,
Mr Dams, ot Massachusetts,  Mr Buchanan, of Fa.
Relatives of the deceased.
The Senator and Representatives from the State
of Illinois, as mourners.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate of the United
States.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
Vice President and Secretary.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the House of Represent-
atives.
The House  of Representatives of the United
States, preceded by the Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States.
Heads of Departments.
Foreign Ministers.
Citizens and Strangers.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Decahber 14,1835.
The following Standing Committees were an-
nounced as having been appointed by the Chair:
Of Elections—Mess! s. Claibotne, 0inffin, Haw-
kins, Hard, Burns, Kilgorc, Buchanan, Maury,
and Bovd.
Of Ways and Mans—Messrs.   Cambrefeng,
McKim, Loyall, Corwin, Johnson of Tennessee,
