mo.
THE) CQNGfWSSSION&Lr GLOBE*
80
but who, at the sume time, felt deeply impressed
uith the conviction that Congress had the right
to legislate upon this subject within the Distuct
of Columbia, ami to \ lot out the foul stain of the
s!a\ e trade v\ uhui the Disti ict. There were vast
numbers who never did belong to the Abolition
Society, but vi ho came there with their earnest
petitions ti abolish the sl-we trade within the
District.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Vermont, that the mints of the question could
not be gone into upon a mere motion to print.
Mr. ¡aLADE woit'd com lude by calling the
attention of the House to one fact. It would be
remembered that, as long ajo as 1828, a memorial
of precisely the sime eh irm ter with this was pre-
sented from the district its If, signed by about
eleven hundred citizens of the district, many of
whom he personally knew, and who would not
be accused of fanaticism; and a year ago, upon
the motion of a respectable member fiom New
Hampshire, now in another branch of this Legis-
lature, [Mr. Hubbard,] that petition was called
up and ordered to be printed. Now, if any gen-
tleman would take the pains to examine it, they
would find stronger language hi that petition, and
that the memorialists took stronger ground than
was taken in the memorial then before the House,
and he thought this fact might be ureed in favoT
of the application that this memorial should be
prut ted.
Mr- VANDERPOLL lemnrked, that inasmuch
as the memorial had been audibly read by the
Clerk, and the contents of it were now well un-
derstood by every member of the House, and as
the motion to print was debatable, and the debate
now commenced was vtry unprofitable, and
would, in all probability, if not arrested, consume
the day, he would move to lay the motion to print
on the table; and upon that motion he called the
yeas and nays, winch were ordered by the House.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows: yeas 168, naj s 50.
YEAS—Messrs. Chiton Allan, Antho*\, A*h, AsMev,
Bailej, Barton. Jame-M U Beale,Beau,Beardoley, Beau-
mont, Bell, Bockee, Bond, Boin, Bouldui, Boice, Bo\d,
Brown, Buchanan, Bunch,Burn**, John Cilhoon, Canibre
leng, Campb-ll. Carr C'i-r-\,Chamber*. Chanev, Chapman,
Chapín, Claiborne, Cleveland, Cofiee, Cole*, Connor,
Craig, Cramer. Crane, Cu hman, Davi-, Deberrj, Picker-
son, Doubledav, Droingonk, Dmilap, Effuer, Fairfield, Far-
Im, Fore ter, French, Fn , Philo "C Fulle-, William K
Fuller, James Gat land, Rice Garland, Gdlet, Glascock,
Grkham, Graatlaud, Grave?, Gravson, Griffin. Haley, Jo
sepli Hall, flainer, Hammond, 11 unicgan, Hardin, Harlan,
Albert G Harri.-on, Hne>, II nvknif, H-nne , Ilopkin-,
Howard, HoweH, Huntington, Huntsman, Tuzham. Jo-eph
Jackson, Jarvis. Jo-cp!i Jobnton, Richard M JoJmson.
Ctve Johnson, Henry John -on, John VV. Jones, Benjamin
Jone , Jud-on, Kerinon, Kilfforc, Kinnard, Khngcn-mith,
Lane, Lan-ing, Laporte, Lanier, Gideon Le-, Joseph
Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lo an, Lovall, Lucas, Lvon,
Abijah Mann, Joél Mann, Martin, John Y.Mason, William
Ma?on, il«8 Mason, barap oa >la on, Maun, Ma-,,
McComas, McKa*, McKeon, iUcKi.n, IVfcLane, Meicer,
Montgomcn, Muhlenberg, Owen-, Pag->, Park", Pat'er-on,
Patton, Franklin Pierce, James A. Pearce, Pettiirew^
Phelps, Pickens, Pinckney, John Reynolds, Joseph Rey
nolds, Ripley, Roane, Sob rtson, Rogers, Sclienck, Hi y-
mour, Wdliam B. Shcpard,Augustine H Shepperd, Shields,
Shinn, Sickle-, bmith, Spangfer, Standefer, Steele, Storer,
Sutherland, Taliaferro, lavlor, Tilomas, John Thomson,
Toucey, Toira<, Turner, Tnrnll, Underwood, Vanderpool,
Wajencr, Ward, Wi hington. Week , White, Lewis Wil-
liam , Sherrod Wriliams, and Wise—168.
NAYS—Messrs John a Adams, Heman Allen, Bank ,
Borden, Briggs, WiUiani B. Calboun,Carter, George Cham
ber-, Clulds, Clark, CorKin, Cusbing, Darlington, Evans,
Uverett, Galbraith, Granger, Grennell, ILiand Hall, Hird,
Harper,   Ha«eltine, Henderson, Hcister,   Hoar, Hublej,
Hunt, lngcr-oll, William Jackson, Janes, Lawrence. Lay,
Lincoln, Lola, Milligan, Moma, Parker, Dutee J. Peane,
Phillips, Pott , R«od, Russell, Slade, Sloane, Sprague, Vin-
ton, Wardwell, Webster, and Whittlesey—SO.
So the motion to print was laid on the table.
Petitions and memorials were further presented
by                                                         r              I
Messrs. SMTTH and PARKS, of Maine;
Mr. CUSHMAN, of New Hampshire;
Messrs. GRENNELL, BRIGGS, ADAMS,
PHILLIPS, LAWRENCE, and CALHOUN,
of Massachusetts;
[Mr JOHN a. ADAMS, on leave, submitted
the following resolution, whieh, uader the rule,
lies one day on the tabic:
Ranked, That the Secretary of War be directed to report
to this House a statement ot the names of all the pension-
ers for services during the Revolutionary war, pensioned
under the act of Congress of Jfth March, 1813, whose names
were struck off the list by virtue of the act of 1st March,
1820, specifying those restored to pensions by the act of 1st
March, 1833, or «nice again pensioned under the act of
11th M iv, 1838, the act of 7th June, 1833, or any other act
of Congress «Hbsprmont to that of 1st Mvj, 1830 ;]
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
Measr*. INGHAM and JUDSON, of Connec-
ticut;
Messis, ALLEN, EVERETT, and HALL,
of Vermont.
Messrs. WARDWELL, CAMBRELENG,
VANDERPOEL, DOUBLEDAY, LEONARD,
HARD, BROWN, McKEON, GILLET,TAY-
LOR, WARD, GRANGER, HUNT, P. C.
FULLER, LANSING, BEARDSLEY, TUR-
RILL, and LEE, of New York;
[Mr. WARD presented the petitions of Jona-
than Ward «nd Samuel Youngs; which were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims;]
Messrs. PARKER and DICKERSON, of New-
Jersey.
fMr. DICKERSON presented certain joint
resolutions of the Legislature of New Jersey,
instructing their Senators in Congress to vote for
expunging the resolutions of the Senate of the
United States condemning the President of the
United States. Also, instructing the Senators,
and requesting the Representatives in Congress
from New Jersey, to vote against the United
States Bank, &c.; which havyig been read, were,
on Mr. D, 'a motion, laid on the table, aad ordered
to  be printed:]
Messrs. CHAMBERS, BANKS, ASH, ATNT-
THONY, FRY, HARPER, BEAUMONT,
SUTHERLAND, and INGERSOLL, of Penn-
sylvania;
Mr. MILL1GAN, of Delaware;
Messrs. HOWARD, STEELE, MeKIM, and
WASHINGTON, of Maryland;
Messrs. ROBERTSON, BOULDIN, CRAIG,
McCOMAS, MERCER, WISE, LOYALL,
TALIAFERRO, JOHNSON, GARLAND, LU-
CAS, MASON, HOPKINS, and PATTON, of
Virginia;
Messrs. A. H. SHEPPERD.andW. B. SHEP-
ARD, of North Carolina;
Messrs. HAYNES, OWENS, and COFFEE,
of Georgia;
Messrs. ALLAN, BOYD, JOHNSON, and
UNDERWOOD, of Kentucky;
Messrs JOHNSON, DUN LAP, HUNTS-
MAN, LEA, and Mr. Speaker POLK, of Ten-
nessee.
[The SPEAKER presented the memorial of Mr.
David Newland, of North Carolina, contesting
the election of the Hon. James Graham as a
member of the House of Representatives, which,
together with various documents on the same
subject, were, on motion of Mr. Pearce, of
Rhode Island, referred to the Committee on Elec-
tions.]
Among the petitions presented and referred on
Wednesday were the following:
Mr. MAY presented petitions from sundry in-
habitants of Jo Daviess and Cook counties, pray-
ing indemnity for property lost and destroyed
during tilt latt Indian distuibances.
Also, the petition of James Adams for remunera-
tion on account of sacrifices and losses sustained
during the late war.
Also, the memorial of Josetta Beaubien, pray-
ing permission to surrender to the United States
two sections of land reserved to her under the
treaty of 1832, made with the Pottawatomie In-
dians, and to locate a hke quantity- of land else-
where in the State of Illinois, in lieu thereof.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, presented the petition
and vouchers of Colonel Francis Vigo, of Knox
county, Indiana.                                                       j
Mr. ASHLEY, of Missouri, presented the '
following:
Memorials of the Legislature, of Missouri in
relation to the establishment of hospitals on the
western waters;
Respecting trade with the Mexican provinces;
Asking a grant of five hundred thousand acres
of land to the State of Missouri;
Asking Congress to authorize a change in the
application of money arising out of the sale of
lands appropriated for the support of a seminary
1 of learning in Missouri;
I     Recommending the establishment of a new land
distoct south of the Missouri river;
]     Asking the extension of the Cumberland road
to the seat of government of Missouri;
I     To grant the right of preemption to settlers
upon the public lands;
To improve the navigation of the Missouri and
Mississippi rivers;
The petition of A. Brazeau, praying the con-
firmation ot a tract of land;
John Mulanphy's heirs, praying the copfirma-
tion of twenty-two (22) tracts of land;
Petition of Joseph Barclay, praying an act for
the adjustment of his claim for military services;
Of George Elliot, for a pension;
Margaret Carter, for a grant of land in consid-
eration of the services of her late father;
Of Richard Brumfield, for a pension;
Of sundry citizens of Clay county, Missouri,
in relation to Indian affairs, and for the protec-
tion of the western frontier;
Of Dav id Browning and Jonathan Boon, to cor-
rect errors committed in the purchase of lands;
Of James Alexander,Ira Nash, and IraO'Ban-
npn, for remuneration for Indian depredations;
Of Iisaae Rutland, for remuneration for property
destroyed by the enemy daring the late war with
Great Butain;
Of Isaac Piggot, for compensation for the mili-
tary services of his late father in the army of the
Revolution;
Of Thomas Ruldick's heirs, praying the con-
firmation of a tract of land;
Of Joseph Garner, for compensation for his ser-
vices while, acting as clerk of a court under the
territorial government of Missouri;
Sundry pttttions of citizens of the counties of
Boon, Gallawav, Morgan, St. Charles, Monroe,
Cooper, Pitts, Washington, Ripley, Lafayette,
Saline, and Jeffeison, in Missouri, praying the
establishment of new post routes;
Anda resolution of the Legislature of Missouri,
approving of the'official conduct of the President
of the United States;
M. ssi s. WHITTLESEY, STORER, KEN-
NON, CRANE, and MASON, of Ohio;
[Mr HAMERroseandremarked.thatashewas
absent from his seat when the question was taken
on the motion of the gentleman from Maine, rela-
tive to the memorial on the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, he now asked leave of
the House to record his vote thereon; which was
objected to,]
[Mr. HALSEY, of Georgia, who was also ab-
sent, made a similar motion, which being objected .
to, he moved to suspend the rules of the House to
enable him to record his vote; but at the request
of Mr. Lane, of Indiana, he withdrew his motion
for the piesentn
| Messrs. JOHNSON and GARLAND, of Lou-
isiana,
Messrs. LANE, DAVIS, and KINNARD, of
Indiana;
[Mr. LANE presented the petition of Enoch
Blasdell for a pension; of Richard Oliver for a
pension; of Stephen Green and others, ef Swit-
zerland county, praying the passage of slaw di-
recting more specifically the manner of dividing
sections of the public lands; of the eitizens of
Ripley and Dearborn counties, for t V establishing
a post office from Aurora by Wilmington to Na-
poleon; of the citizens of Ripley and Dearborn
counties, for a post route from Versailles to Rising
Sun, thence to Burlington;]
[Mr. KINNARD presented the petition of Jacob
Shenclc, of Manon county, Indiana, praying
compensation for military services during the late
war;
Also, of Aaron D. Foster, a soldier of the late
war, praying to be placed on the invalid pension
roll;
Also, of John H. Newland, a soldier of the
late war, praying to be placed on the invalid pen-
sion roll;
Also, of James Calvin, a soldier of the late
war, praying to be placed on the invalid pension
roll;
Also, of WilliamJ. Posey, a soldier of the late
war, for compensation for a horse lost in the ser-
vice of the United States;
Also, of Scioto Evans, for compensation for a
horse lost in the service of the United States, in
the late war with the Indians on the frontiers of
Michigan and Illinois;
