m
THE eONGHESSfON&L GLOBE.
December rfT,
Alt , of \ndrew Hoover, for compensation for
a hoi-   ' «I in the -imr ^niro
\lso, s veril p< titions tor the < stnbli-hment of
po-i n ir> -,
\!so, the petitions of \rchibald Small and of
Dinul Smith, pra\ ¡n; that hud patents may is-
sue to them respective ly
\l-o, the petitions of John Griffith, and of
Oh-vdtah Turj>in. to be pheed on the pension roil
on mount of revolutionary services
A No. the petition of Jmnes Cnh in. a soldier
of the I itt n u , prat 1115 to be placed on the inva-
lid ¡h niion roll
\No, the petition of the Leatenworth and In-
dian xpolisRulreiad Company, nuking certain priv-
il< ces,
\No. the petition of the inhabitants of the
summary township m the county of Monroe,
tor a .jr.uit of lands in lieu of the sixtee nth sec-
tion in said townshtp;
\l*o, the petition of the heirs of Humphrey
Barre t, praying compensation foi certain proper-
tv emploted in the public service during the rev-
01  tionarv war,]
Messrs MAY. REYNOLDS, and CASEY, of
Illinois.
(Mr REYNOLDSstid-Mr Speaker, at the last
Consrress I had the honor to present a memorial
of the General A-stmblt of the State of Illinois,
prating a continuation of the national road from
Vandalia west to Alton, in the State of Illinois
I move that the said memorial, now on file in the
Clerk's office, be referred to the Committee on
Roads and Cana's: whi h was a"reed to,]
Messrs CH \PM AX and LYON, ot Alabama,
Mr   \SHLEY, of Missouri;
Mr  JONES, of Michigan Terntorv,
Mr  SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Mr  WHITE, of Florida-
Which petitions and memorials were referred
•o appropriate committees
SLAVERY IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr H \.LSE\ then renewed his motion to
suspend the rules of the House to enable him to
record his vote 111 reference to the memorial on
the abolition of slavery 111 the District of Colum-
bia, which was negatived.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPE A.KER presented sundry communica-
tions to the House
I. From the Secretary of the Treasnry, com-
municating a compromise w ith Thomas H Smith,
as authorized by the act of June, 1833, which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
II    From the First Comptroller, transmitting a
statement of unsettled accounts for three yeirs;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
pr nted.
III    From the Secretary of the Treasnry, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 3d of
March last, relative to the levee on the Mississip-
pi mcr, which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed
IV    From the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, relative to the reports of the Board
of Commissioners upon certain claims to land m
Missouri, which was laid on the table.
V. From the Third Auditor, respecting a claim
of Christopher Brown, administrator of------Gar-
land , which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
\ I Trom the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of February
Inst, respecting certain land claims in Florida;
w!u<-h was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
VII From the Secretary of the Treasury, m
ansvvi r to a resolution of the House of the 14th
January last, transmitting copies of the decisions
of the commissioners on certain land claims m
Michigan, &c.; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and the commu-
nication only ordered to be printed.
VIII. From the First Comptroller, transmit-
tii>!* 0 bst of balances on the books of the Fourth
Auditor for more than three years; which was
laid on the tabh , and ordered to be printed
IX Trom the Fir«t Comptroller, the same as
the forr^oincr in relation to the office of the Third
\ 1 ehtor which wis laid on th' table, and ordered
to be j>i in'ee)
X. From the Secretary of the Treasury in re-
litiontocustom-lious  buildings and pubheMoics,
vvhuhwa- ndutd to the <_ omniittee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
XI From thoClukot the House of Repre-
sentatives, transmuting the disbursements, ¿c ,
of tin contingent fund of the House, which was
laid on the tabh , and ordered to be printed
XII.   From the Treasurer of the United States,
a n port pursuant to the act of 1789, m r< ft rence
to the settlement of certain publu accounts, die ,
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed
MICHIGAN MEMBER.
XIII.  From Air. IjavcE.Crart, transmitting
his credentials as a member ot tin House of
Rtpresintitivis fiom tin Mate of Mulligan.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, without prejudging
the question, or giving the centli 111.111 power to
vote and act, he would move that the Speaker
assign to Mr Cr\rt a seat w ithin the bar of the
House, and that the communication be printed.
Mr. MERCER moved to lay the motion on
the table, but, before the question was taken, the
House,
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, adjourned.
IN SENATE
WEDVE<DtY, December 17, 1835.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tions, which he over one day for consideration:
Roo'i ed, That ihe Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire- into the etpediencv ot an appropriation tor eon
strutting a harbor at Michigan City, on Lake Michigan,
Indiana.
Raolred, That the Secretary of War be requested to
came to b ■ prepared and laid before the Senate a plan and
emulate tor the construction of a harbor at Michigau Citj
in the State of Indiana
CUSTOM-HOUSES.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Dep-irtmcnton the subject of purchasing
sites and erecting custom-houses at important
posts in the United States, which was laid on the
table.
THE   MAILS----RULROVDS.
Mr WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lutions, which lie over one day for consideration-
Raohed, That 30 much of the President's Me3*a«e as
respect  the que-tion « hcther the United States cannot,
«ithout t-an-cending their constitutional powers, secure to
the Post Ornee Department the u e of the several radroads
in the Inited btat-s by an act of Coigrc-s which shall
provide within itself tome equitab'c mode of adjusting the
amount of conip-n"ation. be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to make a special report 1
thereon
Resolced, That the Committee on Road* and Canals be
instni"ted to report the number, ertent, and direction of
the several railroads already built or commenced, and the
most important of tho^e n hich arc projected or contení
plated in the several Sutes; and that they inquire into the
expediency of aiding in any of tho e undertaking- on the
part of the Government of the United «tatcs, cither by
making payment in advance on contracts for earn me the
mails on such road , or otherwise, and on condition of
transporting the p-opertv or troop  of the Lnitcd States, by
=uch roads free of expense to the United Suites, «aether ,
in peace or in war
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.          Í
Mr CLA.Y gave notice that ho would, on
Monday next, ask leave to introduce a bill to
appropriate, for a limited time, the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, and for granting
lands to certain States, and for other purposes. °
LA>iD CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of notice given, asked
and obtained leave, and introduced a bill con-
firming certain claims to lands in the State of
Missouri, and for other purposes; which was
twice read and laid on the table, also, a bill au-
thorizing the President of the United States to
cause to be run and marked the boundary line
dividing the territory of the United States and the
State of Missouri, which was rend, and ordered
to a second reading.
PETITIONS REFERRED, ETC.
On motion of Mr TYLER, the petition and
papers of James T. Barton, presented at the last
session, wore again referred to the Committee on
Finance
On motion of Mr. RUGGLF.S, leave was
rranted to Gabriel B Shaw to Withdraw his pe-
tition and papers, presented at the last session
On motion of Mr. TALLMADGE, the petition
and papers of Mary Sullivan, presentid nt the
last session, were again referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
SCHOOLIANDS.
Mr. MOORE, 111 puisuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
authoiizing the relinquishment of the sixteenth
section of public lands gnntcd for the use of
schools, and the location of other lands in lieu
thereof, and for other purpose-, which was read,
and ordered to a second 1 tding
PITRS AT NL^CASILK.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the tollowing reso-
lution, which w.is considen d and agreed to:
Resolved, That the (. nnnultee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire 1 ito the i\|i die 1113 ot appropriating a
suflicii nt -¡uni to con truttpiir it Newcastle, on the river
Delaware, and thn the inMruitiom of the Lejulnturo of
Delan are to the henatora Irom th it ¡state, on that subject,
be and the saine are uerebvrcitrrcd to the Mime eoimnutee.
BILL ¡INTRODUCED.
Mr BLACK, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
authorizing the Secretary ol the Treasury to
invest the amount of the two per cent, funa, re-
served for making roads 1< ading to the State of
Mississippi, under the direction of Congress;
which was twice read, and laid on the table.
ELECTION OF COMMITTEES.
The Senate then proceeded to continue its bal-
lotings for the remaining members of its standing
committees, and the following were appointed:
On *ígneuítitr<—Messrs. Kent, King of Ala-
bama, Morris, and Wright.
On Military Jlffavrs—Messrs. Wall, Goldsbo-
rough, Preston, and Tipton.
On the Militia—Messrs. Hendricks, McKean,
Swift, and Wall.
On Jfaval Jiffenrs—Messrs. Tallmadge, Black,
Robbins, and Cuthbert.
On Pvbhe Lands—Messrs Moore, Prentiss,
Crittenden, and McKean.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Lin , Bug-
gies, Porter, King of Georgia.
On Indian JIffaiis—Messis. Tipton, Goldsbo-
rough, Swift, and Brown.
On Claims—Messrs. Tipton, Shepley, Swift,
and Brown.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Buchanan, Leigh,
Preston, and Crittenden.
On Post Offices and Post Roarf*—Messrs. Robin-
son, Ewing, Knight, and Davis.
On Roads and Canals—Messrs. McKean, Rob-
inson, Kent, and Robbins.
On Pensions—Messrs. Tallmadge, Linn, Pren-
tiss, and McKean.
On tiie District of Columbia—Mesara. Kent,
Naudain, Southard, and King of Georgia.
On Revolutionary Claims — Messrs White,
Hubbard, Leigh, and Shepley.
On the Contingent Expenses of the Senate-
Messrs Tomhnson and Brown.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Hill and Morris.
CHAPLAINS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr Franklin, their Clerk,
stating tint the House had passed a joint resolu-
tion, piovidingfor the appointment of two Chap-
lains, of diffeient denominations, in which they
request the concurrence of the Senate; and
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the resolution
was concurred in.
DISTRICT COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr KING, of Alabama, in pursuance of notice
given, asked and obtained leave, and introduced
a bill to piovidc for the better organization of the
distnet courts of the United States in the district
of Alabama; which was twice read, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the Senate adjourned
over to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thcmdat, December 17, 1835.
On motion by Mr. BOCKEE, the resolution
offered by him on a former day, appointing Over-
ton Carr Doorkeeper, and John W. Hunter As-
sistant Doorkeeper, was taken up.
Mr HA WES objected to the resolution.
Mr BOCKEE said, that at the suggestion of
