ÍS&5.
TOfi fcO??G#fiSSIO#Ái; GLOM.
2*
the gcnt'cmnn from Kentucky, and at the request
of Colonel Hun'er, he would modify his reso-
lution by striking from it so much as related to
the assistant doorkeeper.
The resolution, thus modified, was agreed to;
and Overton Can- was declared duly appointed
Doorkeeper.
Mr. BOCKEE submitted a resolution propos-
ing to proceed to the election of Assistant Door-
keeper; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAYNES nominated John W. Hunter;
Mr  PATTON nominated John B. Dade;
And Mr. C. ALLAN nominated Oliver Pease.
Messrs. Hatnes, Pattox, and Ah.au of Ken-
tucky, were appointed tellers; and the result was
ascertained to be—
For Mr. John W. Hunter.............155
For Mr. John B. Dade................29
For Mr. Oliver Pease..................17
Blanks..............................   5
Mr. John W. Hunter having received a ma-
jority of all the votes, was declared duly elected
Assistant Doorkeeper.
Messrs. Carr and Hunter appeared, were qual-
ified, and entered upon the duties of their offices.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. BEARDSLEY remarked, that it had been
customary, at an earlier period of the session, to
go into Committee of the Whole on the President's
message. He would move that the House now
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly went into committee, (Mr. John Q,.
Adams in the chair.)
Mr. BEARDSLEY submitted the following
resolutions, which were unanimously agreed to:
1. Resulted, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the political relations of the United Smte9 with
foreign nations, including " tlie ascertainment of the claims
to be paid, and the apportionment of the funds, under the
convention made with Spain,'' be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
2 Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to
the commerce ot the United States with foreign nations and
their dependencies, be relerred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
3. Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to
the finances, and everything connected therewith—the
custody of the public moneys, and everything connected
therewith—the offices ot Commissioners of Loans and of
the Sinking Fund, and everything connected with the
operations of tho e offices—and the Bank of the United
States, including the books and stock of the United States
m that institution, be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
A. Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to
the public lands, to the condition of the General Land
Office, and to improvements in the land system, be referred
to die Committee on the Public Lands.
5.  Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to
the report of the Secretar}' of War, and the public mtere-t
intrusted to the War Department, except so much thereof
as relate  to Indian affairs, be referred to the Committee on
Military Afiairs.
6.  Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to
the militia of the United States be referred to the Committee
on the Militia.
7.  Retolved, Tha  so much of said message as relates to
the Indian tnbes, and everything connected therewith, be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
8.  Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, and Hie public
interests intrusted to the Navy Department, be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
9.  Resolved, That so much ol said message as relates to
the report of the Postmaster Genera!, the condition and
operations of the Pot Office Department, and everything
connected therewith, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
10.  Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to
"amending that part Of the Constitution which provides
for the election of President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States,-' be referred to a select committee.                  '
11.  Resolved, That so much of said message a% relates
"to the present condition of the District of Columbia,"' and |
which rccommendsa rev won of its laws, anil the extension
of political nirhts to its cituens, be referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
12.  Resolved, Thatbomuchofsaidmessageasrelates" to
the defects which exist m the judicial system of the United
States," and which recommend.! an extension of that sys-
tem to all the State , be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The committee then (on motion by Mr. Mason,
of Virginia) rose, and the chairman reported the
resolutions to the House.
After a word or two of explanation by Messrs.
WILLIAMS of North Carolina, and BEARDS-
LEY, the resolutions were adopted, and the Se-
lect Committee on  so much  of the  President's
message as relates to the election of President
and   vice President of the  United States, was ]
ordered to consist of nine.
CHAPLAINS.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, moved the adoption
of the customary joint resolution for the election
of two Chaplains to Congress.
Mr. WARDWELL stated that he had intended
when this resolution should be considered by the
House, to offer an amendment, prohibiting the
use of this Hall on the Sabbath to the Chaplains
of Congress, or for any other purpose whatsoever.
As he did not, however, wish to embarrass the
election of Chaplains   which he shou Id not oppose,
and as some members supposed that such would
be the effect, he would not now offer the amend-
ment, but would give notice that he should, at
some future day, offer a resolution, the effect of
which will be, if adopted by the House, to close
this Hall on the Sabbath.
The resolution was then adopted.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. John Q.uincy Adams, was taken up, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
report to this Hou^c a statement of the names of all the pen-
sioners for services during the revolutionary war, pen-
sioned under the act of Congress of 18th March, 1818,
whose names were struck off the list by virtue of the act of
1st of March, 1820, specifying those restored to pensions by '
the act of 1st March, 1823, or since agaia pensioned under
the act of loth May, 1828, the act of 7th June, 1832, or any
other act of Congress subsequent to that of May, 1820.
The following resolution, offered some days
since by Mr. Richard M. Johnson, was then
taken up:                                                                    i
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives '
cause to be famished to the Secretary of War, for the uso
of his office, five copies, and to the General-in-Chief of
the Army, Adjutant General, Quartermaster General, Com-
missary General of Subsi-tence, Pavmastcr General. Com
missary General of Purchases, Surveyor General, officer in
charge of the Clothing Bureau, Chief Engineer, Inspector
of the Military Academy, (for the use of that institution,)
Chief of the Topographical Corps, Colonel of Ordnance,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Commissioner of Pensions,
and officer in charge of the Bounty Land Office, for the use
of their respective oifiee.s, each two copies of all bills, reso-
lutions, documents, and other papers pr.nted for the u e of
the House, at the present and succeeding sessions thereof;
of which two copies of those for the Secretary of" War, and
one copy of those for each of the other officers, shall be
retained by the printer to the House until the end of each I
session, and then delivered bound.                                   I
Mr. RICHARD M. JOHNSON moved the
adoption of the resolution.
It was objected to by Messrs. PATTON and I
WISE, and supported by Messrs. RICHARD 1
M. JOHNSON, and MANN of New York.
Mr. MASON moved to commit the resolution to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with instruc-
tions to inquire and report to the House whether
the public business would be promoted by tho
adoption of the resolution, cither in whole or in
part; which was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn over till Monday-
Mr. WHITTLESEY objected, and called for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WARD supported the motion, on the
ground of its affording time for the committees to
sit during the recess,and examine and prepare the
business before them.
After gome conversation between Messrs.
WARD, WHITTLESEY,and MERCER,
Mr. BOON moved to lay the motion on the
table; which was agreed to- -yeas 108, nays not
counted.
Mr. CAMBRELENG,by consent ofthe House,
moved that the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the finances, mid the Treasury esti-
mates for the year 1836, be referred to tho Com-
mittee on Ways and Means; which was agreed
to.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the report from the
same Department, presented yesterday, and or-
dered to lie on the table nnd W printed, on the
levees of the Mississippi and Red rivers, he re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; and
also that that report, together with the report of
a former Commissioner of the General Land
Office on the same subject, be printed; which was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, tho House then
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 18,1835.
Mr. McKennan, of Pennbylvania, appeared and
Was qualified.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. EVANS and PARKS, of Maine;
Messrs. PHILLIPS, GRENNELL.BRIGGS,
JACKSON, of Massachusetts.
Mr. JACKSON, of Massachusetts, presented
the petition of sundry citizens of Massachusetts,
praying the Congress to provide for the immedi-
ate abolition of slavery within the District of
Columbia; which he moved be referred to a
select committee.
Mr. HAMMOND moved that the petition be
not recehed. The large majority by which the
House had rejected a similar petition a few days
ago had been very gratifying to him, and no
douht would be very gratifying to the whole
South. He had hoped it would satisfy gentle-
men charged with such petitions of the impro-
priety of introducing them here. Since, however,
it had not had that effect, and they persisted still
in urging them upon the House and upon the
country, he thought it was not requiring too
much of the House to ask it to put a more deci-
ded seal of reprobation on them, by peremptorily
rejecting this.
The SPEAKER said he was not aware that
such a motion had ever been sustained by the
former practice of the House; and'in addition to
that, by a standing rule ofthe House, (the 45th,)
petitions or memorials could not be debated or
decided on the day of their presentation, but
must lie over one day, unless the House should
direct otherwise.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, then moved to
lay the petition on the table.
'Mr. HAMMOND said, as he was aware of
no rule of the House restricting the rejection of
petitions, he would modify his motion accord-
ingly, by moving that the House reject the peti-
tion.
The SPEAKER remarked that the motion of
Mr. Garland would take precedence.
Mr. HAMMOND begged the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Garland] to withdraw his motion
to lay on the table, that he might have a direct
vote upon this matter. He was not disposed to
£0 into a discussion of the question involved in
tho petition; though, should it be urged, he would
not shrink from it a hair's breadth; but he did
think it due to the House and the country to
give, at once, the most decisive evidence of the
sentiments entertained here upon this subject.
He wished to put an end to these petitions. He
could not sit there and submit to their being
brought forward, until the House had become
callous to their consequences. He could not sit
there and see the rights of the southern people
assaulted day after day by the ignorant fanatics
from whom these memorials proceed.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman to
suspend his remarks until he had read the 45th
rule ofthe House; which was as follows:
'■ Petitions, memorials, and o her papers addressed to
the House, shall be presented by the Speaker, or by a mem-
ber in his place ; a brief statement of the contents thereof
shall verbally be made bv the introducer, and shall not be
debated or decided on the day of their bemg first read,
unless where the House shall direct otherwise, but shall
lie op the table, to be taken up in the order they were
read."
Unless, therefore, the House should direct
otherwise, the Chair would be compelled, under
the rule, to arrest any discussion, and direct the
petition to lie over till to-morrow; besides, the
question to lay on tho table, having precedence,
was not debatable.
Mr. HAMMOND'S object, he said, was not
to debate the merits'of the question, but to move,
if it was in order to do so, the rejection of the
petition.
The SPEAKER replied that the rule was im-
perative on himself to arrest debate or decision
on the petition, unless the House directed other-
wise; and it must lie over one day.
Mr. MERCER remarked that the motion to
reject brought tip the whole merits of the ques-
tion, and would necessarily bring on the very
debate the gentleman said he desired to avoid;
