28
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^QBE.
December 18*
and he maintained that the motion to lie on the
table was in order.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, said he felt com-
pelled to insist upon his motion to lay the petition
on the table for the present.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, said
that he did not like to take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, but it was of some import-
ance that the rights of members should be clearly-
ascertained. He was sure that it was perfectly
m order for any gentleman to make the point
whether or not a paper should be received, and
to move its rejection.
The SPEAKER said,us the question was new
to him, he had doubts for a moment; he now
entertained the motion of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Hammonb,][butthe motion
to lay the petition on the table interposing took
precedence.
Mr. WILLIAMS contended that the latter
motion would apply only after the petition had
been received, and was in possession of the
House.
Mr. HA WES rose to a question of order.
Unless the gentleman took an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, he was out of order in
addressing the House.
Mr. "WILLIAMS  intended   to  appeal.     He
was in favor of the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, that the petition should be laid upon
the table, but he could not consent that that mo-
tion  should  ride  over  one   that  was  prior  to
it.    He begged to refer the honorable Speaker to
an example set by one of his predecessors.    It
was that of a memorial sent to that House a few
years ago, from a representative of some one of
the South American revolutionary Governments.
That representative of this South American Gov-
ernment tqok upon himself to appeal from the
decision of the President of the United States to
the nation, through the House of Representatives,
and his memorial was presented by the presiding
officer of that House.    A question was raised I
by a distinguished member from Pennsylvania,
and a motion was made that the petition should j
not be received, and the House decided that it ,
should not be received.    Now that was altogether
preliminary to the question  of laying  on  the
table, and had precedence of it.    A motion  to !
lay on the table could only be maintained when
the subject was before the House, and after the i
question, whether it should be received or not, i
or whether it should be laid before the House,
liad been decided.    It was with a view of ascer-
taining that question, that Mr, W. appealed from {
the decision of the Chair, for he was in favor of
the motion of tlie gentleman from Virginia  to
lay the petition on the table, but he was also in
favor of first receiving it.
Mr. M.ERCER well remembered (he said) the
case cited by tke gentleman from Tforth Carolina,
and, if he was not mistaken, the question on that
occasion was not in relation to the constitutional
power of that House to refuse to receive petitions
irom citizens of the United States, for the right to
petition was reserved to our citizens by the Con-
stitution, but it was as to whether an individual,
not a citizen of the United States, could come
there and petition; the petitioner in that case
being-a commander in one of the South American
Governments.
The SPEAKER stated the question before the
House as it then stood, and said he should be glad
to have the judgment of the House upon it. After
reading; the forty-fifth rule, and also the thirty-
second rule, laying down the order of privileged
motions, of which that to lie on the table stands
second, hq remarked, that the Chair considered
the petition as having been received by the House,
andliad entertained the motions for a time, but
under the former rule the petition ought to lie
over. If, however, the House set that aside, still
the motion to lie on the table having the prefer-
ence, the question could not be debated on its
merits. If in error, the Chair would be very
happy to be corrected. The question then before
the House was, shall the decision of the Chair
be sustained?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, thought it would be
better that the petition lie over for one day, with-
out being debated at that time. As the question
Was a new one, or about to be decided for the first
!' time, it would be safest for the House at lea3t to
let the petition lie over one day, and he would
therefore suggest to the gentleman from South
Carolina that this course had bettor be adopted,
and at the next day of meeting the House could
then either reject it or lay it on the table. Mr.
B. thought the decision of the Chair, that the
petition should lie over, in substance right, and
lie thought it certainly the safest course to pur-
sue.
Mr. GLASCOCK said he should have sup-
ported the views of the last gentleman, if a differ-
ent course had not been taken the other day.
He could see no reason why the course pursued
in relation to the petition presented by an hon-
I orable member from Mainp [Mr. Fairfield]
should be departed from now; nor why, after the
decisive vote that went forth to the country, ex-
pressive of the views and feelings of so large and
respectable a majority on that occasion, they
should now assume a different shape. Had the
question itself undergone any change? If what
was then done was wrong, let them say so, and
let those who wore unacquainted with the rules
of proceeding know they were in error; but he
saw nothing in the rules that conflicted with the
course now sought to be pursued in relation to
the petition on the table. He did hope that, so
i far as related to the memorials and petitions of
this kind, some additional views would be given
to satisfy gentlemen who felt it their duty to in-
troduce and present them, and to satisfy their
constituents who thought it necessary to send
them there, and that, as it seemed to him, could
best be done now by a vote of rejection. What
the decisions of the House might be he knew
not; but if there was such a rule in existence,
that the House had no power to reject a petition
presented to it, whether respectful or not, it was
time the rule should be altered, for he was well
assured that they, would be harassed throughout
the session. He should be sorry if the House
was tied down by any rule to receive any and
every petition, whether respectful or not. Sup-
pose a petition wore presented to the House, and
it was found to contain matter disrespectful to a
single member of the House, would not a motion
to reject it be in order? He would rcspcctfu-lly
ask whether he understood the decision of the
Chair correctly, that a motion to reject could not
be entertained on the presentation of a petition ?
The SPEAKER replied that he had not so
stated. When the gentleman from South Caro-
lina first submitted his motion, the Chair stated
that he was not aware of any such motion having
been made in that House during the period the
individual occupying the chair bad been 4 .mem-
ber; that it was netf to hito at the moment. The
Chair, however, dkl not feel authorised to say
the motion should not be entertained; but if it
was, he then.decided that the motion to lay on
the table would have precedence; or that, if the
motion to reject was received by itself, it was' not
debatable, because, under the rule of the House,
it must lie over one day, unless the House should
direct otherwise.
Mr. GLASCOCK had misapprehended the
Chair, and would conclude by calling upon the
House, that as they had given one decided vote
on the question before, they should not repeat it
in the same way, but change their course, and
reject the petition altogether.
Mr. HAMMOND would read to the House
tlie rule under which he thought it was entirely
competent for him to make the motion.' it was
this:
" Who  $ny motion or proposition is mtide, the question,
'Will tlie Ilouie now consider it." sliall not bo put, unless
it is demanded by some member, or is deemed necessary
by the Speaker."
Now the motion he made was a demand by him,
upon the Speaker, to put the question, whether
tlie petition should be considered or not; and it
was" a motion any member of the House had a
right to put, according to tlie rules. His reason
for making the motion was, not that he wished to
enter into a discussion of this subject, though he
did not fear it, and would never shrink from it,
but because he did not wish to disturb that House,
nor harass the country, by allowing such petitions
to come there. Still he could not sit there, and
allow petition after petition t<_> pour in, until they
became callous to the subject. He could not sit
there, and see the rights of the South assailed day
after day by ignorant fanatics, without calling
upon that House to put the stamp of reprobation
upon such conduct.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
the merits of the whole question were not open
on a mere question of order.
Mr. HAMMOND would confine himself by
saying, that if the House should decide that the
motion to lay on the table has preference, he
would then move that the petition be laid on the.
table till to-morrow, in order to call it up, and
move to reject it.
Mr. PEYTON had hoped, and yet hoped, that
gentlemen would not give up the motion. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Glascock] was mis-
taken. There had been no decisive vote yet given
upon this question. There had been an evasive
vote given upon it. Had not Mr. P. sat by and
seen gentlemen who voted differently at the last
session of Congress, now voting in favor of laying
the petition on the table ? But these firebrands
were cast upon the House now, at an earlier day
than usual; that spirit was abroad in the lana,
and it was left for the Representatives of the
people to meet it.
Mr. REED called the gentleman to order, as
his remarks were not pertinent to the question
before the House.
Mr. PEYTON said he was assigning reasons
for sustaining the motion for the decision of the
House at that time, pursuant to the demand made
by the honorable member from South Carolina.
He hoped they should be permitted to meet this
question at its beginning, in some shape or other.
Now, it struck him with great force, that when
a petition was presented, containing matter im-
proper for legislation, that the House ought to
reject it; and before it was received, it could not
be laid on the tablo for one day. Consequently,
the question of its reception or rejection must, as
a matter of necessity, be first decided, and that
brought prompt action upon the whole question.
He would repeat that he wished a more decisive
vote, and one that would ascertain the wishes,
the views, and the feelings of gentlemen upon it;
and if they met it, he would say, with the gentle-
man from Georgia, that it would be decisive.
Another reason why it should be acted upon in
the present stage, before the consideration of it,
was, that it asked Congress tq do what every man
in the country knew it had no power to do. Sup-
posing a petition was sent here, praying the
House to break down our republican form of gov-
ernment, and erect a monarchy upon its ruins;
would any one say the House had the power to
act upon such a petition ? And had the House
more power in the present case ? Was not the
first question to be decided before the petition
could be laid on the table? He thought, there-
fore, the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina the proper one, and that it must neces-
sarily have precedence of all others; and he desired
to consider it, and to consider it at once. It would
then be seen whether gentlemen would encourage
their constituents everywhere to send there such
floods of these petitions as would cover the tables
of that Hall like the locusts of Egypt; for such
would be the result in twelve months. Those
gentlemen who had not made up their minds to
meet this question in any and every shape in
which it would be presented, must take the re-
sponsibility. He wanted no evasive votes. He
wanted no propositions to lay on the table. He
met the question fully at once, by saying, that
the House had no power whatever to interfere
with the question. For these reasons, he should
vote for sustaining the motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina.
Mr. SLADE raised a question of order as to
debating the question of order under considera-
tion. The petition itself (said Mr. S.) could not
be debated upon the day of its presentation; and
this principle he understood carried along with it
a principle which would prohibit any discussion
on the motion to reject, or the appeal from the
decision of the Chair, then before the House; and
the motion to lay upon the table could not be de-
batable. Under these circumstances, he thought
no motion connected with this petition could be
debated that day; and he therefore submitted,
