1835.
fftfiB CX)NO^É88IÓÍ<fAL GLOBE.
29
whetherit did not followthat theappeal from the
decision of the Chair, on this subject, could be
debated ?
The SPEAKER sai', an appeal from his
decision, as a question of appeal, was certainly
debatable; although the motions out of which that
appeal arose were not.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, could assure the
House that he was not disposed to avoid this
question in any form or shape; and he hoped,
while he had the honor of a seat there .he should
be prepared to meet it whenever it might come,
and wherever it might come from. He had sub-
mitted his motion,because he thought the motion
of the gentleman from South Carolina could not
then be put; but if the House decided it could,
Mr. G. would withdraw his motion to lay the
petition on the table. The motion to reject came
up with the motion to refer the petition to a select
committee; the former, as he understood, not
being entertained or not in order, it was then that
Mr. G. moved to lav the petition on the table.
Air. BEARDSLEY asked whether the appeal
from the decision of the Chair went only to the
rejection of the petition, or also to the question
of laving it on the table ?
The SPEAKER said the gentteman from North
Carolina [Mr. Williams] had taken an appeal
from both.
Mr. WILLIAMS understood the Chair to de-
cide that the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina, whether the petition should be con-
sidered, or whether it should be received, was not
in order. Now, Mr. W. contended, with all due
respect, that when a petition is presented, if any
member choose to demand it, he could require
the preliminary question to be put: Shall the
petition be received? I understood the Chair to
decide that that question eould not be put.
The SPEAKER replied that the Chair had
distinctly stated that upon a moment's reflection,
he admitted the motion for consideration of the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then there is no question
of appeal.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, as there was no ques-
tion of appeal pending, but two motions—one to
rejectand the other to lay the petition on the table,
both of which would lie over till to-morrow—he
would move that the House proceed at once to
decide the last motion, which took the precedence.
The question was then put, whether the House
would consider the petition now; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. GARLAND said, as the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina to reject was
then in order, he would withdraw liis motion to
lav the petition on the table.
Mr. BEARDSLEY renewed it.
Mr. HAMMOND rose to request the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Beardsley] to with-
draw his motion. He expressed his surprise
that, but a moment ago, when the motion to lay
on the table—made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Garland,]—was before the House,
he (Mr. B.) had expressed his desire to have a
direct, " unentangled" vote on the proposition to
reject. Yet now, when the gentleman from Vir-
ginia withdraws his motion, he (Mr. B.) instantly
renews it.
Mr. PATTON asked if the Chair considered
the petition to have been received?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. PATTON understood that if the motion
to consider prevailed, it was distinctly declared
that the motion to receive or not receive the peti-
tion would be in order. That was a competent
motion, winch any member of the House had a
right to make. Now, it was understood as having
been received; theproposition not to receive is
thereby cut off. That seemed to be the effect. ■
If that be the effect—and if it be the effect the
House did not intend to produce—he trusted the
House would put itself in statu quo, and that they
should have an opportunity of putting a direct
vote upon it. If that was the state of "the ques-
tion, Mr. P. would feel himself compelled to move
a reconsideration of the vote just taken.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, the right to petition
wan a sacred right, guarantied to the citizens of
the United States by the Constitution, and was
one, thsrefore, the House was bound to resp et.
To obviate the objections urgred by the gentleman,
| he would withdrawhis motion to lay the petition
| on the table, and move to lay the resolution of
' the gentleman from South Carolina to reject the
1 petition on the table.
Mr. HAMMOND asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WISE rose to a point of order. It seemed
to him,according to the usual action of the House,
that the motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Beardsley] must be out of order. A motion
was made originally to reject the petition; where-
upon a motion was then made to lay the petition
on the table, but being withdrawn, the question
then came upon the motion of the gentleman from
South Carolina instanter. The motion, therefore,
to lay that motion on the table was out of order,
because the House had decided it would immedi-
' ately consider the motion to reject.
! The SPEAKER said the House had decided
they would consider the petition now, but pend-
ing the consideration, the House may decide to
lay on the table, and therefore the motion was in
order.
Mr. WISE would ask the Chair if there was
any pendency of consideration in a motion to
consider ?
The SPEAKER said, pending the considera-
tion of a question, it was competent for any
member to move to lay the matter on the table.
Mr. WISE. The motion then before the
House was effectually to undo the decision of the
House already made.
Mr. VINTON begged to inquire of the Chair,
as it would govern his vote, if the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reject prevailed, whether
the petition would also go on the table; or what
would be the pending question ?
The CHAIR understood that, by an affirmative
vote on the motion to lay the motion to reject on
the table, the petition also would go on the table
with it.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, as gentlemen seemed
to feel some embarrassment in voting upon this
proposition, though he himself did not, he would
withdraw his last motion, and renew the other to
lay the petition on the table.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. JAMES asked for the reading of the peti-
tion; and it was read from the Clerk s table.
j Mr. THOMAS said, he was surprised to dis-
i cover that there are gentlemen who are not content
with the evidence which has already been given,
that a very large majority of this House are
opposed to any interference whatever, not only
with the rights of slaveholders in the southern
States, but with the existence of slavery Within
the District of Columbia. We have already laid
on the table, by a vote of nearly three to one, two
memorials similar to the one now under consid-
eration; but gentlemen say those votes are equiv-
ocal; they wish to have direct proof that the
rights of slaveholders are not in danger from any
interference on the part of Congress. Mr. T. said
he did not concur in this opinion. The vote to
lay on the table had been given to signify a decided
opposition to the prayer of the petitioners; never-
theless, he would make a motion which would,
he thought, place this subject before the House
in a position to afford an opportunity to remove
all misapprehension which really existed, and
deprive every man everywhere of all pretext for
maintaining that southern property and southern
rights are in danger.
Mr. T. then moved to reconsider the vote just
given by the House in favor of considering this
petition, and said, if this motion is adopted, we
shall then have this petition before us in the posi-
tion in which it was placed when first presented
to the House. In the vole given in favor of con- '
sidering this memorial, many members had been
undoubtedly taken by surprise. Some members
who are in favor of rejecting this and other sim-
ilar memorials, and others who are in favor of
receiving, and then laying on the table, this and
all petitions of like import, united in the vote
which lie had moved to reconsider. This strange
combination could not have been created without
a mistake somewhere Gentlemen must have
supposed that, by the adoption of the motion to
consider this memorial, the diffieultv whieh has
arisen by reason of the decision of the Chair
' would alone be removed, and that, instead of
postponing until to-morrow all action on this
subject, we would now proceed to dispose of
it—either by a vote to reject, or to lay it on the
I table.
¡ I am not disposed, Mr. Speaker, to afford un-
necessarily an opportunity to discuss here the
relative rights of master and slave. As one of
the Representatives of a slaveh'olding State, I would
never provoke an examination here calculated to
create false hopes in the minds of an ignorant and
stupid population. We have been told, I know
not how truly, that great and general excitement
has already been produced in some of the south-
ern States by the circulation of a few fanatical
pamphlets. If this be true, is it not madness,
worse than madness, to struggle to elicit evidence
that there is in that House any one man willing
to reécho the sentiment whieh these incendiary
publications contain? I have been opposed, sir,
to all discussion on this subject, and accordingly
have voted repeatedly in the two preceding Con-
gresses to lay on the table every proposition cal-
culated to elicit useless and angry debate. And
I have been, and am, grateful to the Representa-
tives from the North and West, where slavery
does not exist, for their cordial and earnest effort
to extinguish every firebrand whieh has been
thrown in here, either in the form of speeches oi
petitions, tending to destroy the broad foundation
on which our Union rests. But is it not obvious
that our exertions have not been crowned with
complete success? In the last two Congresses,
the petitions of the Abolitionists were laid on the
table, as an evidence of our reprobation of their
objects, notwithstanding at the present session
we have already received those petitions, and
shall probably have to dispose of several more.
These fanatical crusaders against evils abroad,
who have no doubt vices enough at their own
doors to exhaust in their correction that over-
flowing Christian charity, of which they boast so
much, and manifest so little, nothing daunted,
continue to pour their poisons into that national
chalice from which the whole people of the United
States have so long quaffed the sweet waters of
concord and union. Now, what is to be done?
Por one, I am prepared to meet directly every
question connected with these memorials. I am
willing to follow the precedent sot by Congress
on another question. The opponents of a Sunday
mail petitioned Congress; their memorials were
rejected, because their object was unreasonable;
they persisted, and their numbers increased; the
House of Representatives finally referred all those
petitions to a select committee, from which eman-
ated one of the most masterly State papers which
has ever been published in the country. It was
addressed to the understanding, not to the passions
of the American people, and there was a response
from all quarters to its cogent, persuasive, and
conclusive reasoning. Its arguments were unan-
swered, and are unanswerable; and the petitioners
were silenced. The oil Was spread over the
troubled waters, and the turbulent waves became
still.
Gentlemen say we must prevent any discussion
on the subject of these memorials, because they
must inevitably disturb the harmony of our
Union. There was a time when the force of this
reason could be fully felt by all. But has not
that time gone by f Without our agency, indeed
in defiance of all precaution's on the part of Con-
gress, the power and purpose of the General Gov-
ernment to interfere with the question of slavery
has been, and will be, discussed in every news-
paper, in every periodical publication, from Maine
to Missouri. It is a gross error to suppose that
this House can, by a mere sic volo, give law to
the people of the United States. The members
of this House are not in positions stable enough
for that. To attempt it would be as vain as the
effort of Xerxes to chain with links of iron the
surging sea. Our march is not to be always on
the mountain wave of popular opinion. We are
here to-day—we are gone to-morrow; and must
return to our respective places in that great, deep,
that vast hall of legislation, the confines of which
are coextensive with the boundaries of the Union,
and there assist those who are now our constit-
uents to fashion, and form that public opinion
