30
TilE PONGMSSiQSÍAL aiX>#¥¡.
December 1$,
which must ever direct and control the whole
operations of this Govirunit nt.
•• Liki b.i'uil - o.i the Maul -nam r Sorin .
\\t n-. .  i tn.ak. a-i.l I" til t -c i r< • u i "'
Assuming these positions (•> bo trae, how
might the ni< huh rs of tin- Motive to art on the
present occasion - To decide that question satis-
factorily tor myself lias been, until to-day, a diifi-
cult task Twice during tiie piesent session I
hate voted to lay on the table petitions from the
Abolitionists. This was done under the impul-
sion that «mil a proceeding would be entirely
snlisuetory to the whole southern delegation.
The ¡arse majority of northern and w estéril \ otes
by which it was done, too, was luuled by me as
evidence condusivt that there, is no disposition
in those sections of the Union to do any act cal-
culated to disturb the harmony of our Union.
To-dav we are told that the \ote to lay on the
table is an equivocal act, that it has been re-
sorted to toatlortl an opportunity to pictending
euemies of abolition to conceal their futuie pul-
posas. Sir, is it right and proper, under tía so
cueumstaiices, to persevere 111 tiie couise which
has been heretofore pursued.5 If gentlemen on
this floor can be so far misled as to suppose there
is a linking intention in the mind of onj member
to tin n loose an ignorant and helpless population
to pillage and plunder, in what condition will
you leave many of the constituents of gentlemen
who are remote from the scene of action' Will
they not be in a proper condition to become the
instruments of the designing ; May not íashand
misguidtd nien.iu one extreme of the Union, en-
gender those suspicions and distrusts which will
be neci ssarily destructive of all the ends for
which tins Government was established.' And
may not the headstrong fanatics of the North be
furnished w ith the means of increasing their
paltry numbers by inculcating the belief that their
nefarious purposes are but postponed : In my
humble opinion, if we refuse to act decidedly, to
mee t all questions connected with this unpleasant
subject directly, we shall furnish the enemies of
our peace and union with a most dangerous wea-
pon. We shall supply the means to faction and
lanaticism to agitate the whole country, and the
day may come when these few and furious de-
stroyers of this country's happiness and glory
will have produced real—not as it is now, ima-
ginary, in the North—not as it is now, a very
limited, butaa extensive—excitement, which will
sweep in waves to tiie very walls of that consti-
tutional temple in w Inch our fathers fondly hoped
they had garnered up so many bright hopes and
so many blessings for this magnificent Confed-
eracy.
Mr. Speaker, I am prepared now to meet the
responsibilities which circumstances have im-
posed upon us. I am prepared to vote for the
reception of the petition, and of all other niemo-
rials of similar character; and am ready to vote
against laying them on the table; to declare dis-
tinctly that the prayers of these petitioners are
unreasonable, and ought not to be granted.
Mr. ROBERTSON asktdfor the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
Air. HOPKINS said that they were very much
embarrassed; and it occurred to him that there
was but one conceivable mode by which they
could be rehev < d from that embarrassment. He
understood that, by the rule of the House, upon
the presentation ef petitions, unless the question
Í3 required to be put by a member of the House,
or by the Speaker, the same is received as a
matter of course; in other words, received by a
vote of the House sub silentio. If this be th"
fact, then, this jx tition had been received. It
setnatd to him tuat the best mode would be to
throw the petition back again to the point where
it was left by the gr ntleman who presented it;
and, in ordei to do that, he would propose to
move a reconsideration of the vote of the House
by which the p< tition was received.    He would
Íjo further back than the gentleman from Mary-
and, [Mr. Thomas,] and move a reconsideration
of the vote of the House whereby the petition
had been reeeived.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said his colleague
would be satisfied, upon a moment's refaction,
that no benefit could result from such a motion.
it  was  the  constitutional right of the people
of this country to petition that House, and «<•
vote was ever taken on receiving a petition.
When an honorable Representative loseand pre-
sentid a pi titicn. it was received, and the first
quest on which any number had a right to de-
mand was, that it be1 considered. If the House
determine not to rnnsidi r it, tluyuio to determine
nt once, and that he uudei stood to be the point in
their proceedings at wlmh it was the object of
the giinleiuan fiom Maryland to arrive; and
Mr. M. hoped the gentleman's motion would be
adopted. lie had hoped that, after the proceed-
ings which had already taken place in that House,
there w ould hav e been a general acquiescence in
the only, if not the express, sense of the House,
by an overwhelming majouty not to entertain
siuh petitions as that under consideration. The
only mode in which there could be a more direct
sense of the House on the sub|ect was, by adopt-
ing the motion of the gentleman from Maiyland;
and then, if it be the pleasuieof the majority of
the House not to consider the petition, and so to
deteinune at once, there the matter would end;
and he hoptd the motion would be adoptid, and
then that the House would d* termine not to con-
sider die petition.
Mr. BEARDSLEY was s itisfied that most of
the difficulty arose from misconception. The hon-
orable member from South Carolina desired to
have a direct vote of the House upon the motion
to reject, or not to receive, the petition under con-
sideration. Other gentlemen, who agreed with
the gentleman fiom Virginia who last addressed
the Chair, said they would not vote in the affirma-
tive on such a question, because it was in viola-
tion of the rights of the people of this country lo
petition upon all subjects; and the House of Rcp-
re*entativi s was bound to receive their petitions.
When received, it was true the House might de-
cline acting on them, or might dispose of them in
a variety of ways. For himself, (Mr. B.said,) the
House having received this petition, he was ready
to give a direct vote upon it—a vote that should
mark the opinion of the House upon the character
of such petitions, by saying affirmatively that
they would not consider it. If that would meet
the views of honoiable gentlemen, he was willing
to modify his motion to lav on the table, and to
move that the House would not consider the pe-
tition, or would reject its prayer, although laying
it on the table he thought equivalent to either of
the modifications indicated.
All Mr. B. desired was to preserve the right of
their constituents to petition; a sacred and inval-
uable right, guarantied to them under the Consti-
tution, and the exercise of which the House Was
bound to treat with respevt. If the petition were
in insulting terms they might send it back, but
if their constituents s' nt them one that was re-
spectful in its language, but of whose prayer they
entirely disapproved, let them lay it on the table
or reject its prayer. If any gentleman supposed
that a vote of the lu.ouse not to consider this peti-
tion, and all other petitions of the sam^charaetor,
would more distinctly mark the reprobation of
the House, then Mr. B. vv ould w ith great pl< asure
modify his motion. Why, then, should they re-
consider, as pioposcd by the motion of the gentli -
man from Maryland! Foi what purpose ' Was
it to enteitain the question of rejecting the prti-
tion ! He understood that to be the object of the
mover, and if so, he hoped the House would not
reco.isider, but they would preserve to their con-
stituents the right of petitioning, and by a vote to
lav on the table preclude all fuither di bate,upon
tins exciting and mischievous topic.
Mr BOULDIN said he was willing to meet
this question in any way. He had been so the
last session and the session before, and declared
his willingness then, in defcience and respect to
his southern bn thrcn, who he knew agreed with
him in interest and in fiehng, and at their sug-
gestion, he agreed with them in voting to give the
matter the go-by. He then thought, and still
thought, that the people of the South ought to
know and to sec and to hear all that we know
and see and hear upon this subject. He was
anxious, hovvev r, that, if thry were to come to
any expn sbion of opinion and firling on this
matter, so momentous to the South, they should
not be brought to that vote cntaagl* a by the
rules   of that Hous .    He  wished,  when  the i
opinion of the South upon this subject should be
expressed, and their fc< lings made known, it
would be done in a way that would leave no
doubt what that opinion and those feelings were.
And he was persuaded, that when their opinions
and feelings came unshackled by forms or rules,
or anything but the mere question itself, the
South would satisfy the North, East, and West
—would satisfy the whole world—nay, would
convince even fanatics themselves, that they
must let us alone upon this point; and convince
them, and all the agitators and movers of these
petitions, that they liad as well let us alone, and
employ themselves in removing from their own
eye the beam which is in it, rather than disturb
themselves so much about the mote that is in
their brother's eye. Let us not (said Mr. B.)
come to a vote that will leave the world in doubt
whether we voted on the rule or the thing—let
this petition pass, and no doubt they will be
coming again to-morrow—ay, in half an hour—
but with one that will enable us to meet it face to
face, and toe to toe, and leave neither them nor the
world in doubt what we mean. Mr. B. concluded
by saying, that he rose to ask what would be the
effect of his vote—ay or no—on the question
itself. He would give the best vote he could,
but did not know himself how that vote would be
understood. He would content himself with the
belief, that the question would come up in a form
which would leave no doubt either with himself
or any one.
Mr. PEYTON was in favor of the motion to
reconsider. He would not have troubled the
House with any remarks again, but for the posi-
tion assumed by the gentleman from New York.
That gentleman contended that the right of peti-
tion was a sacred right, guarantied to every
American citizen under the Constitution, and that
the House had no right to deprive them of the
exercise of that right. Mr. P. said they had the
right to petition, and to think, and to say what
they pleased; and, further, they had the right to
send any matter they chose throughout all the
country, without regard to consequences, and
that House had no power to resist it. But, then,
he claimed that, when it came to that House, the
Representatives had the right to treat it and dis-
pose of it in such a manner as they thought best.
Was the sacred right of petition any dearer than
many other sacred rights ? The right to prop-
erty," to liberty, and to life? And had not the
attention of the House been called, by the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, to this
very question of this sacred right of thinking,
and writing, and sending through the mail such
documents as were then before them' Should
they connect the efforts of a few fanatics to dis-
turb the harmony and peace of tlje country with
those sacred and inalienable rights to which the
g •ntleman alluded? Should they connect the at-
t. mpt, w hether it came by petition to Congress,
or by a document transmitted in any other mode,
to throw a firebrand into the South with the
sacred rights of liberty and property'
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleniiin that
the merits of the question could not be gone into
under the motion before the House.
Mr. PEYTON only meant to reply to whnt he
considered to be the constitutional right con-
tended for by the gentleman fiom New York—
the right of the citizen everywhere to send such
papersand petitions there. He was endeavoi mg
to meet this by saying that the slave question
was not one to which the right of petitioning ap-
plied; but that, if it did, and petitions were seht
to that House, and papers of the same character
were distributed over the country, it would have
the effect of touching a chord that would arouse
all America.
Mr. RIPLEY said that this was a grave and
important question. There was no subject of
deeper interest in the quarter of the country from
whence he came. He had been sent here to op-
pose every effort of a certain class of citizens in
reference to slavery within this District, or else-
where. In disposing of the question be ore the
House, care should be taken rather to allay the
public feeling than to add to the existing excite-
ment. The right of petition was a solemn one,
and had been guarantied from the time of Magna
Charta to the present moment. Our citizens have
