183S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Si
a risht to petition for a change of their Constitu-
tion, and indeed for a change in the form of their
government. Every decorous memorial should
Fir received; but when received, it is in the power
of the House to dispose of it ns it may deem
proper. The motion to reject this petition was
an incipient question, and, in his opinion, should
take precedence. He again adverted to the great
excitement in the South on this subject, and the
importance of allaying that excitement by a deci-
sive course here, if the gentlemen from the North
were sincere in their friendship for their brethren
in the South, and were desirous of breaking down
the double wall of partition between these two
sections of the country, they could give an earn-
est on the present occasion by voting promptly
to reject this petition; and when it shall go forth
that we have rejected it by a vast majority, it will
have an effect even upon the fanatics themselves,
who do not understand tho position and feeling of
the South on this subject, while it will, at the same
time, allay the existing excitement in that portion
of the country
Mr. WISE was for sustaining the motion to
reconsider, and, for one, could testify that he had
voted under a misapprehension, in voting for
the motion to consider the petition, he thought
he was voting to have a direct decision of the
House on the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina. He was intending to bring the House
also to a direct decision of the question, and had
no idea that, after the House had decided it would
consider the petition, the consideration itself
would be evaded.
Mr. W. had misapprehended in another par-
ticular. He had not understood the motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina to be to con-
sider the pttition to-day, but to consider his mo-
tion to reject the petition, which was what Mr.
W. wished to consider. So help him God, he
never wished to consider the petition of an in-
cendiary, but he would consider the motion to
reject the petition, and he warned the gentleman
"from South Carolina that' these were the means
of evading his motion. Mr. W. then referred
to the proceedings of the Senate two years ago,
on a motion to reject a petition to that body, con-
taining matter disrespectful to the honorable Wil-
liam Wilkins, then a Senator from the State of
Pennsylvania, to show that such a course was
within the rules of order, and asked whether the
gentleman from New York considered the pres-
ent a respectful petition, where gentlemen on that
floor were characterized as land pirates? He had
hoped that, after the proceedings at a celebrated
meeting at Utiea last summer, where the gentle-
man himself took a very prominent part, he
should have had that gentleman's vote on the.
question of rejecting this petition—a petition that
was both insulting in language and incendiary
in its character. Mr. W. hoped the motion
would prevail, although he did not consider it in
itself decisive. They could never get a direct
vote on that question. Many would vote not to
reject it, on account of the sacred right of peti-
tion, but he hoped the House would not evade
the question. He hoped gentlemen who professed
to be friendly to the South would come out and
avow their principles and their opinions. If the
House desired to evade the question, let the South
know it. If it was the opinion that Congress
had the right to interfere in this question, let the
South know it at once, and it would know what
to do. Their predecessors had told them what
to do. They had no longer any business there
Their business was at home to report to their
people. He would go home, never to return
there again, if that House were to say, directly
or indirectly, that Congress had that power. That
was the question he wished to bring before the
House, whether the House had the constitu-
tional power to legislate upon the subject of
' slnvery in the District of Columbia at all. He
denied the right.
It was important to have a direct decision on
this question, and there was no way of gettin" it
but by sustaining the motion then under consid-
eration. Gentlemen must show us they are either
for or against us, and if they would not show it
upor. the direct questions, and upon the main
questions, they should show it upon the incidental
questions; and he, for one, would be willin  to
consider this as the test question. Those who
are for laying the motion on the table he viewed
as evading the question, and so would the South
view them. Those who were for a direct vote
on the motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina would be viewed as the friends of the South,
and not of the South alone, but of the whole
nation. He would repeat, the petition was not
respectful to the House, and therefore it ought to
be rejected. He could never consent to refer, or
consider a petition, that called the members of
the South land pirates.
Mr. HAMER inquired of tho Chair whether,
if the present motion prevailed, it would be com-
petent then for the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, or any other gentleman, to move to reject
the petition?
The SPEAKER said he was under the impres-
sion that that would be a competent motion.
Mr. HAMMOND said it had been far from
his intention, when he> made the motion he did,
tothrowa firebrand into that House. On the con-
trary, he had hoped by it to exclude one from the
House. He thought the motion was a very sim-
ple and direct one, and ignorant as he was of the
rules of the House, he had no idea that the House
had it not in its power to protect its own dignity,
and the feelings of its members, by rejecting iii-
stanter anything calculated to affect either the one
or the other. If the House had no such rule, the
rule of common sense ought to govern it.
When the proposition was made to consider
this petition, it was made by himself, with a view
of then moving its rejection. Under the decision
of the Speaker, that motion was decided not to be
in order. The subsequent vote was a trap into
which they fell, and he thanked the gentleman
from Maryland for having made a motion by
which they could extricate themselves. Should
the House determine to reconsider that motion,
Mr. H. would then move the rejection of the pe-
tition, for he was resolved that the House should
vote directly on the question. Let no member
there lay the flattering unction to his soul, that
he could escape the question, for it should be de-
cided. He did not make the motion with any
reference to party politics. God forbid that he
should make a motion of such a purport, to affect
a miserable scramble for offices in this country.
No! His object was a more sacred one. It was
to protect the rights of his constituents and his j
own, and if they could not maintain them by the '
action of that House, they would maintain them
by their own aetion. They did not call upon
the House to protect them; they did not ask that ¡
House or the Government to protect them; they
stood erect, self-confident, united, strong, and
they asked no protection, but scorned assistance,
ana defied opposition. Mr. H. said his motion
involved no constitutional right of any citizen
of the country; but if they had the right to pe-
tition, had not the House the right to reject?
Was there any constitutional privilege that de-
manded of the House that it should imperatively
receive and consider the petition of any citizen?
He thought not; and even if there -Were, the con-
stitutional privilege would operate both ways;
and when they choose to petition the House
could clwose to reject. To the recommendation
of the gentleman from Maryland, to refer this pe-
tition to a select committee, in order that they
might make a report, Mr. H. was utterly op-
posed. Fie would not treat that petition with so
much respect, nor was he disposed to fire, that he t
might exhibit his skill. He had no idea of scat-
tering firebrands through the country, that he !
might distinguish himself in putting them out.
He did not wish to discuss the question, and he
begged the House to understand that, in the few
remarks he had made, he did not design discuss-
ing it. Whenever it was discussed, they would '
go much deeper in the matter than this. When-
ever it should be, if ever, taken up in that House i
for discussion, it might expect to find parties and
principles anatomised and held up to the view of
the world that were now treated with lenity. He
hoped, however, now that the House would take a
direct, unentangled, and simple vote upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. BEARDSLEY desired to correct a mis-
apprehension of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr.PETTON.] Thathonorable gentleman seemed
to understand Mr. B. to Bay, that the citizens of
this country had not only the right to petition
that House, and to send papers of this character
there,but that they had also the right to transmit
such papers to every part of the Union in every
possible way.
Mr. PEYTON did not understand the gentle-
man so, nor did he intend to be so understood
himself.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he understood the
gentleman very distinctly to say, that he (Mr. B.)
had asserted that the citizens of this country had
not only the right to send their petitions here,
but also to send their papers elsewhere. The
honorable gentleman, however, disclaimed it, and
Mr. B. was satisfied.
A word or two upon another subject. If the
motion of the gentleman from Maryland should
prevail, the Chair has decided that this matter,
instead of being disposed of to-day, went over to
another day, and the House could not but see
that, after wasting this day—for it was wasting,
or worse than wasting—they would to-morrow
be in the same situation as at first. For what
purpose would the House reconsider its vote,
and spend another day, or perhaps a week, in
this discussion ? He hoped that the House would
follow the example, the salutary example set by
preceding Congresses, by putting all papers of
this description on the table without debate.
That motion was pending, and followed the one
made by the gentleman to reconsider. If that
should be rejected, the motion would come up
for laying the petition on the table, and nailing it
there, whence it would not be taken during the
session. If other petitions of the same character
came, let them follow the same fate.
Another remark or two. It was, it must have
been obvious to all, that there were those who
desired to continue the discussion of this ques-
tion. He could not, and he would not say that
they did it from any improper motive, but it
could not have escaped the attention of the House,
that gentlemen desired to speak, and talk, and
discuss this question of slavery, harassing as it
was to the country. Those who voted to lay a
similar paper on the table the other day, those
who would vote to lay the one under considera-
tion on the table to-dav, were those whe desired
to avoid discussion. For what purpose was the
continuation of the discussion now desired ? Every
one knew that petitions of this kind had been
presented for the last four years, but no discus-
sion had taken place upon them. He hoped,
most sincerely, that that House would not invite
or sanction this discussion. He would tell gen-
tlemen there were fanatics and incendiaries at
the South, as well as at the North, who hoped
to profit by the agitation of this subject. Those
who voted to put the petition on the table were
for preserving peace and quiet there, and for pre-
serving peace, quiet and order in every part of
the Union. Let us, then, (said Mr. B.,) nail it to
the counter, and thus silence debate. He hoped
the motion of the gentleman from Maryland
would not prevail; but that the motion pending
upon that, to lay it on the table, would prevail,
and then they would see no firebrands in that
House.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he was surprised at
the range which the debate had taken upon the
question now before the House. He believed it
was incompatible with the interests and true ob-
jects of those who were opposed to the mischiev-
ous doings of the modern Abolitionists. Mr. V.
said that he was the last man on that floor to
dodge or evade any direct point or vote that should
indicate his opinion upon the principle involved
in the petition now upon the Speaker's-table.
He would, as prefatory to the few remarks he
intended to submit, take occasion to say that
he had last year, as a member of the Committee
for the District of Columbia, to which similar
petitions were then referred, opposed, and he
would always and forever, while he had a seat
here, oppose any measure that might, directly or
indirectly, favor, or forward, or countenance the
views and objects expressed by such petitions
He. was opposed, openly and unconditionally
opposed, to the interference of Congress with
slavery in the District of Columbia, and to the
mischievous and incendiary doings of Abolition-
