82                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 18.
tstx und abolition societies m relation to slaverv
inthesI.iVclioldiiigSt-ite-5 He t>ír \ Ihadntvn
hadanvdoub *. or qualm*, orst itij>lt ^. a«> to wh it
wh*Ihh dutv upon tin* immpmoi^ *u >|et-t as an
Amontan cu , «n, ami a* ont of the Ripr\sent-
atiu'oton ottln* ioi il "i'd State* But
while he mtde this nneqimnnl avow il of his
sentiment"!, he could not retrain from r< marking
tint, it lu hid «nttrtuntd an\ *ut h doubts 01
scruples, he had lieird «tpeoehes to-day fiom cer-
tain quarter* very ill calculated to remove those
doubt* and «.crupiés Wh\ had this debate taken
such sn immeasurable range' Was it consistent
w ith one of the i ardiñal doctrines of the friends,
of the South, that the subject was one so delicate
in it«. nitun , that the K*s that was said about it
the b«tter' It reallv appeared to him that «t
were aiding the efforts ot the Abolitionists by
shooting oil upon a mere prt limiuary question
into dissertations upon the evils.ind abominations
wr night bv northern abolitionists
Whit «as the question betore the House > It
was upon the motion ot the honorable gentleman
from Man land, I Mr Thomas,] to reconsider the
Tote taken this moraine, to the end thit that
hononMe centlennn ought move (as he had
prom «ed to do") the question, w hethei the Hou«w
would consider the petition He would «.ote first
to recons dt r, and then h«. would, if the question
were propoundtd, \ot ag-unst considering the
petitioi, nnd for reasons which he w< uld >er\
on  ft\ «¡ate
Mr \ cone ived that this course would save
the rights of all parties Itw ould save the sacred
right ot petition, and secure the object of all thos
who ft It duly solicitous for the rights and interests
oft'it - iv t holding States For (said Mr "V )the
motion or question w hethT wr vnti consider the
petition presupposes Ike reception ot it Tint mo-
tion proc eds upon the assumption, that the peti-
tion is already here before us, as it now suitly is
in point of fact and a negative vote to the prop
osition, whether we irill consider the petition, would
certainly be as emphatic a mode of expressing
our disapprobation, nav . our reprobation, of the
objectof the petitioners,as could well beconceived.
It would be a strong and marked refusal to let the
petition go through the ordinary routine of legisla
tion, and would be telling the petitioners, the
nation, and the world, that the notions ot the
petitioners w ere so heretical, and their doing's were
so mischievous and mcendnrv, that to utstanti
that such petitions were read, we would consign
them tj a grave from which there should be no
resurrection. Was it not clearly so, viewing this
subject through the medium of common sense,
and testing it by the roles of parliamentary logic'
"Ves, sir The refusal to consider the petition
would he telling such petitioners, in language that
could not and would not be misunderstood, to
cease their abortive and incendiary efforts to dis-
turb the rights of property recognized and guar-
antied bv those men of olden times who were so
much ni. r and better than the reformers and
fanatics ot modern days ' Why, then, were we
disputing about forms ' Why not march directly
to the point upon which all the true enemies of
Abolitionists would agree ' Refuse to consider tne
petition, and vou do what should be done, and
that in the most prompt manner.
Mr. V. said he could not but repeat his sur-
prise, that anv gentleman could conceive, that
the mti rt st" of the South could be advanced by
the protraction of this debate He had flattered
himself that the vote that was given a few days
ago, upon the memorial presented by the honor-
able gentleman fiom Maine, [Mr. Fairchild,]
had givt n this exciting subject its quietus for the
session He imputed no sinister motives to any
gentleman, and he trusted that he cherished none
himself He believed that gentlemen here meant
what they not only avowed that they did mean,
but what they solemnly pledged by their votes
that they mrant He had supposed that common
charity, not to mention parliamentary courtesy,
required this species of faith from every gentle-
man upon this floor. He, therefore, had believed,
that w hen gentlemen bad refused on Monday the
courtesy oí even printing the petition presented
by the gentleman from Maine, in addition to their
vote to luy it on the table, it should serve as a
Biost ample guarantee, tha< all v/ho voted against
printing were decidedly opposed to the prayer of
the petitioners and was this not so, sir, accord-
ing to all the known and legitimate deductions
from parhanientiry proceeding* ' Had gentle-
men, bifore to-day, ever imagined 01 piopostd a
more summirv and unequivocal mode ot rt |ect-
ing the priver ot a petition than was indicated
by a refusal to print it, and an almost unanimous
vote to lav it on the table' It would be probably
recollected what course he (Mr V ) had taken
in regard to the petition of the honorable gentle-
man from Maine The mover of the pc tition him-
self moven! to lay it on the table, and many gentle-
men no doubt voted to lay it on the table because
of this circumstance. An honorable colleague
of his own [Mr. Granger] had preceded his vote
with the inquire , whether the gentleman who in-
troduced the petition moved to lay it on the table,
uid upon receiving an affirmative response from
the Chair he replied, «TAe  /ti#<r in ttie qfflrma-
twt' ' Mr V , for the purpose or more effect-
ually ascertaining the sense of the House, and to
arrest an unprofitable debate upon this exciting
subject, then niovtd also to lay the motion to
print the petition on the table, and the triumphant
utiirnntive vote upon that question should have
satisfied, and was sufficient to satisfy the nation,
tint such petitions would never receive the least
countenance from this House Strong as that
vote was, it was evidently not near so strong as
aun would be upon a direct proposition to re-
|ect the prayer of the petition. Many gentlemen
doubtless voted in favor of printing from consid-
erations of courtesv to the petitioners, who would
vote against the object of the petition. After all
that had taken place on Monday, he had supposed
that the st use ot this House against the exciting
and diabolic \1 scln mes of the Vbolitionists had
been expressed to the nation and to the world
in n manner so cleai and *i emphatic, that " the
wayfaring nun, ihougn ,v fool,' could not err as
to what w> re the st mini in* of a vast majority
of this House but from the proceedings of to-
day it wo ild sic u that s. >ine gentil men supposed
he wa* mistakt n.
Mr II iRPER, of Pi ii'isv Ivania,wished briefly
to statt the groun I ot hit two tot mer votes on
tus subject, and thos* i pon which he should
then vol . Hi vot d, gu ist the motion to lay
the petition from Manic, and lite motion to print
it, on the tabh , not btcaus^ he entertained a sen-
timent in common with the Abolitionists, but
because he thought the sense of the House ought
tobt fairly,decisively, cli iiiy,and unequivocally
expressed on this subject, so as to prevent its
being troubled with it hereafter. Therefore Was
it that he voted against laying both questions on
the table. He was convinced that tfte mere re-
jecting the petitions would not be satisfaetorv, '
and. would rtot be «vjng suck reas >ns as would
be convincing to the minds of those people Who
seat them there If the House viere to give these
memorials to a committee, and let them bung in
such a report as should clcaily express the senti-
ments of the country, these petitions would cr -ase
He hoped, therefore, the House would meet the
question on cool, dispassionate, and temperate
grounds, and that they would permit it to take
the course he had recommended. Mr. H. said
he should vote against the motion to reconsider,
because he wanted the question fully considered
in the way he had indicated. Ho wanted to get '
a report from a committee that would be adopted I
by the House, and thereby save further agitation
on tV sabjret.                                                             |
Mr   MASON, of Virginia, said, that in con-
sidering every question affecting the public in-
terest, the calmest deliberation became the Repre- I
sentatives of a free people     In all the wide range I
of the legislative duties of Congress,, all  must i
concur   there was  none which  required   more
essentially a dispassionate and delibera te dispo-
sition than this; without it, the beneficial moral
influences of their decision must be lost to the
country.    He was aware of the extreme delicacy
of the subject—of the deeply seated sensibility
which it excited, and winch it was impossible to
allay—of the extreme difficulty of approaching it
without excited  feeling, but no prart cal good
could  result  fiom   stiong denunciation or   lm
passioned invective.   He did not rise to discuss
the subjeet referred to in the petition. A lespect-
able portion of his constituents had instructed
him not to engage in such a discussion, but he
wished to submit a tew obst nations to the House,
in the smceie hope that the embarrassment of
then situation nugnt be ltht vt il, and a tlcusivc
vou taken on this mipoi (ant and exciting topic.
Thi«-same subject had bten presented to the
consideration ot Congus-., tiom Unit to tune,
suite lit had had a bent the io, on tac petition of
persons who had, as these pclitiontrs have, no
community of interest in the alleged gnevancc
of which they complained, and he would here
say what he fiimly believed, that he had never
seen on the floor of the House ot Rtpiesentatives
a half dozen membeis of any puity disposed to
exercise their kgislative authority for abolition
of slavery here or elsewhere.
In the course of this debate he was happy to
have heard every jcntleman express a decided
opposition to the prayer of the petition. All con-
curred that there should be no kgislative enact-
ment in conformity to their wishes. But the
difficulty exists in the conflicting views as to the
moans by which this end is to be attained. How
is the subject to be disposed of
The House has decided to consider the petition.
The gentleman fiom Maryland has moved to
reconsider that vote. Some gentlemen are opposed
to this motion, because they wish to lay the peti-
tion on tha table, from which it cannot be called
up without the concurrence of two thirds of the
House, and thus give it its quietus, and in effect
refuse to consider it But will they accomplish
their object' I undeistand the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Beardslf.y,] to have suggested
that, if more agreeable to the House, he will
modify his motion to lay on the table, so as to
refuse to consider the prayer of the petition. It
appeared to him, that this was precisely equiva-
lent to a direct vote on the question of consider-
ation, and although avoided now, it must be met
on some other petition of a similar character with
this.
It is necessary that the House should meet the
question. When, on a former day, a gentleman
from Maine p «sented a similar petition, and
moved to lay it on the table, he [Mr Mason]
had demanded that the question should be taken
by yeas and nays, and in doing so, alluded to the
deep sensibility which pervaded a laige portion
of the country on the subject, and asked the mem-
bers of the House to express their opinions on
the principle involved in the petition in the vote
then to be given. The result was an overwhelm-
ing majority against the petition He had hoped
most sincerely that the decision then made would
have been acquiesced in, and that gentlemen,
charged with such petitions, from respect to the
expressed opinion of the House, would have
withheld them, or, on presenting thera would
have consigned them to the same fate. In this
lie was disappointed, and to him it was apparent,
that laying one or many of these exciting peti-
tions on the table would not relieve the House,
and it was necessary to adopt a moie decisive
mode. In his judgment, this could only be done
by refusing to consider them.
Other gentlemen are disposed to refer the sub-
ject to one of the committees of the House. He
asked, what beneficial result could be effected '
The only object of a reference to a committee
was, that the subject referred might be investiga-
ted, and its details prepaied with more accuracy
and dispatch, for the purpose of legislative action.
To such examinations a committee was better
suited than the House, but surely the House
would not refer a petition, embracing a gieat
principle, which has agitated the public mind
throughout the country, and on which every mem-
ber is prepared to express his onmion. But it is
urged, that a report adverse to the petition would
aid in allaying excitement, and restrain a perse-
verance in this mischievous course. Hasnotthi*
been done' H-is not moie than one able report,
condemning similar petitions, been made to this
House in former sessions, and published to the
world' We cannot desne mi rely a republication
of what has already bwn published, and we will
deceive ourselves if we hope to repress a fanat-
ical spirit by giving such a countenance to the
effusions of misguided zeal.
If (said Mr. M ) the House is prepared to
