THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n<  n í
BY BLAIR 8. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRTCE $1 FOR A SESSION.
Fir't Session, 24th Congress.
MOND YY, DECEMBER 21, 1833.
Volume 3....No. 3.
decide upon the principle of this petition, * hy may
we not reject it at once' Surely there is not one
disposed to exercise the high and dangerous
power which the petitioners invokeat our hands,
why, then, shall we entertain the subject' why
keep alne those feelings of apprehension and
excitement which it is our sacred duty to allay '
To refer the petition is an act of supererogation,
which can do no good, and will do much mischief.
The most unexce ptionable mode in which we can
accomplish this object is to reconsider the vote,
and then it will be competent for the House at
once to refuse to consider the petition, or to reject
it, and if a majority of the House, and I doubt
not then- is an overwhelming majority, are op-
posed to the petition, let them meet the question
at once, and terminate those angry discussions,
and allay those bitter, bitter feelings which scat,
if they do not break, the pillars of the noble edi-
fice of our Constitution and liberty.
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, said he had
ao disposition to discuss the merits of this deeply
exciting question at any time, and his respect
for the rules of the House would prevent his
attempting to do so under the motion of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] to
reconsider, which motion he hoped would be
withdrawn and then the motion of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Beabdsli.t] so far mod-
ified as to meet the approbation of all who are
most sensitive upon this agitating question, and
he rose to add his request to the suggestion made
by his friend (he hoped he might so call him)
from Virginia. This was not the last memorial
of the same character which would be sent here.
It was perfectly apparent that the question must
be met now, or at some future time, fully and ex-
plicitly, and such an expression of this House
given as could leave no possible room to doubt
as to the opinions and sentiments entertained by
its members.
He (Mr P.) indeed considered the overwhelm-
ing vote of the House the other day, laying a
memorial of a similar tenor, and he believed the
same in terms, upon the table, as fixing upon it
the stamp of reprobation. He supposed that all
sections of the country would be satisfied with
that expression—but gentlemen seem now to con-
sider the vote as equivocal and evasive. He was
unwilling that any imputation should rest upon
the North, in consequence of the misguided
and fanatical zeal of a few—comparatively very
few—who, however honest might have been then-
purposes, he believed had done incalculable mis-
chief, and whose movements he knew received
no more sanction among the great mass of the
people of the North than they did at the South.
For one, he, (Mr. P.,) while he would be the
last to infringe upon any of the sacred reserved
rights of the people, was prepared to stamp with
disapprobation, in the most express and unequi-
vocal terms, the whole movement upon this sub-
ject.
Mr. P. said he would not resume his seat with-
out tendering to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] just and generous as he always
was, his acknowh-dgments for the  admission
frankly made in the opening of his remarks.   He I
had said, that during the period that he had occu-
pied a seat in this House, (as Mr. P. understood
him,) he had never known six men seriously dis- I
posed to interfere with the rights of the slave-
holders at the South.   Sir, (said Mr. P.,) gentle-
men may be assured there was no such disposition (
as a general sentiment prevailing among the peo- '
pie—at least, he felt confidence in asserting, that I
among the people of the State which he had the
honor, in part, to represent, there was not one in
a hundred who did not entertain the most sacred
regard for the rights of their southern brethren-
nay, not one in ave hundred who would not hare
those rights protected at any and every hazard.
There was not the slightest disposition to inter-
fere with any rights secured by the Constitution, I
which binds together,  and  which  he humbly I
hoped ever would bind together, this great and
glorious Confederacy as one family.
Mr. P. had only to say, that to some sweeping
chaiges of improper interference, the action of
the people of the North at home, during the last
year, and the vote of their Representatives here
the other day, were a sufficient and conclusive
answer
Thus much he (Mr. P.) had thought due to
himself and to those whom he had the honor to
represent. If the motion to he upon the table
should be persisted in, he should vote for it,
though he would prefer to meet the question in
some form which could by no possibility be con-
sidered either equivocal or evasive.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, suggested that the
object might be accomplished by a resolution to
this effect, that the House, having the petition
under consideration, resolved that it be rejected.
Mr. CAMBRELENG thought his honorable
colleague misapprehended the object of the motion
to reconsider, which was to reconsider the vote
to consider the petition this day. Mr. C. should
vote to leconsider, in order to move to suspend
the 45th rule, and consider the petition.
Mr. PICKENS said, as the question had taken
a much wider range than had at first been antici-
pated, he hoped he should be allowed to trespass
with a few observations. He understood the gen-
tleman who moved the consideration of the me-
morial did it with a view to leave open the ques-
tion, whether it should be considered to-day or
not, and in order to get rid of the 45th rule, as
suggested by the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr.
Mason,) a motion would be made to suspend it,
to enable the House to take up a resolution that
the petition be rejected. That seemed to be the
present position of the question.
In connection with this subject (said Mr. P.)
there were many interests involved. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Beardsley] had
alluded to the sacred right of the citizens to peti-
tion. That was unquestionable. But, as the
gentleman from Virginia had well remarked, that
House had also the right to reject, and Mr. P.
put it to the House whether they could not do
so, even if the petition were couched in respect-
ful terms. There were,however, other interests
concerned in this mattei. They had even higher
duties to perform than their mere duty as Repre-
sentatives, they had their own individual con-
stituents in the District of Columbia, and if their
rights were «jot to be maintained in that House,
where, let him ask, would their protection be'
[Mr. P. then referred to the act ot cession from
Virginia, which he was about to read, when the
Chair interposed, and said the sense of the House
must fiist be taken before the discussion could
be extended to the merits of the question ]
Mr. P. said, then, he would confine himself to
what had been thrown out by the gentleman from
New York. That gentleman had asked, why
was it that discussion was desued upon that floor'
and intimated that ceitain fanatics, as well in the
South as in the North, desired to agitate this
question. Mr. P. desued to take that opportunity
to throw back the insinuation with scorn and
contempt. Sir, (said Mr. P.,) we do desire to j
agitate this question We desire it, because we '
believe we have been foully slandered before the
world; and I stand here prepared, at any tune
when the question shall come up, to vindicate the I
institutions of the people I have the honor in part
to represent from the foul aspersion and calumny
thrown upon them. These are the motives which
prompt us to desire discussion. He had heard
some insinuations thrown outfiom higher quar-
ters than the gentleman fiom New York, that
certain geatlemen of the South, belonging to a
certain party, desired the discussion of this ques-
tion to advance the interests of a particular indi-
vidual; and he would again repeat that it was a
foul and infamous calumny, and those who uttered
it knew it to be such when they uttered it.
Mr. MAY called the gentleman to order "for
going into the merits of the question, and was
sustained by the Chair.
Mr. PICKENS explained, that as the discus-
sion had already taken a wide íange, it was diffi-
cult to keep within the strict rule. He had risen
to express a hope that the House would suffer a
direct vote to betaken on this question; and he
only intended to urge another reason in favor of
sustaining the motion of the gentleman ftom
Maryland. If that motion prevailed, then, as had
been suggested by the gentleman from Virginia,
the question itself should be brought directly be-
fore the House foi its immediate decision. These
were questions in which the most momentous
concerns of this Confederacy were involved, and
it was extremely to be desired that there should
be an immediate decision on them in that
House.
Mr. HAMER said, if evei there had arisen an
occasion in which it was necessary to call the
attention of the House to the wisdom of the 45th
rule, it would be found in the discussion of this
day. While this discussion continued as it was
then progressing, it was very doubtful, when
they came to vote upon the final disposition of
this petition, whether all the members of the
House would be prepared to give that vote to-
day which they might give to-morrow; and he
did not believe that such a debate was exceed-
ingly u ell calculated to a calm, dispassionate, and
dthberate consideration of the question. He was
of opinion, therefore, that, in order to disentangle
(to use the word of a gentleman who had spoken
to-day) ourselves from ombairassment, it would
be better to adjourn, and he therefore made that
motion.
Tellers were appointed, and the House refused
—ayes 98, noes 108.
Mr. HOWARD said, in order to check even
himself in debate, and with a view, if he could,
to obtain the opinion of the House, whether in
the outset he was right or not, he would move to
lay the motion of his honorable colleague, (Mr.
Thomis,] from whom it gave him great pain to
differ, on the table.
Mr JUDSON asked both the gentlemen from
Maryland to accept a proposit>on he intended to
offer, in the shape of two resolutions
1. Resolved, That the vote of the House just taken on
the petition be, and the same is hereby, reconsidered
2   Resolved, That the 4>tti rule of the House be sus-
pended , and said petition being under consideration,
Resolved, That it be, and the same is hereby, rejected.
If the House would give its consent he would
move these two resolutions.
The motion being objected to, the question
then recurred to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; whereupon
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays, but
they were nut oideied.
The question was then taken by tellers, and
decided in the affiimative—ayes 119, noes 72.
So the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table was earned.
Mr. HAMMOND then modified his motion in
substance as follows:
Resolved, That the 45th rule of this House be suspended
and resolved that the petition, fcc , be, and the same are
hereby, rejected
Mr. BRIGGS inquired what was the question
before the House'
The CHAIR informed the House that the mo-
tion of tho gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Hammond] being secondary to the motion of the
gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Beardslev,]
the question before the House was the motion to
lay the petition on the table
Mr. GLASCOCK suggested the propriety of
withdrawing that motion, and taking the question
on the motion to i eject.
Mr. H. EVERETT asked if the effect of the
motion just carried was not to lay the whole
subject on the table  
The CH 4.IR replied that was not the effect.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, expressed a hope
that the motion to lay the petition on the table
