34
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LQBE.
U   UrXiMi *.     '■ r   \
would be withdrawn, and let the question be
taken on the second part of the resolution of the
honorable member from South Carolina [Mr.
Hammoxd] without debate.
Mr. ELWRDSLEYsaid he would not yield his
motion, for the practice of the House for years
pa«f had hern to'lay a!! such papers on the table,
mid such a disposition of them he believed to have
been satisfactory to the country at large.
The yens and nays having been ordered on the
motion "to Ivy the petition on the table, the ques-
tion was so Liken; and decided in the negative—
yeas 95, nays 131; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Anthony, Ash, Bailey,
Barton. Beale. Bean. Bcardsjey. Beaumont. Bockoe, Bii-
v<e., Hoyd, Brown, Bucbnnau, Burns, Carr, Casey, George
Chambers, Chauev. Chapman, Cliapiu, Cleveland, Ciano,
CaJiins, Cu'htm'n, Dav¡«. Drb.-rrv, Dickerson, Evans,
Fmrñold. Trench. Try, William K. Fuller. Haley, Hamer.
Hairieptn. Hardin, Harlan, Samuel ¡?. Harrison, Hawcs.
Ji.nvkins, Howard. Howell, Huntington, Huntsman, Inger-
soll, Ingham, Jarvia, Joseph Ji>hii>oii, llichurd M. John-
ton, Benjamin Jonei, Kennon, Rumoro, Kinnuril. Klinien-
Miiith, Lnn", I>an«in?, Laporte. Jo-hua Lee. Thomas Lee,
Leonard, Loan::, Lu as, Job Mann, William Mason,Mores
AiAaKi, Sampson Mason, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan,
Muhlenberg. Pa^e, Park", Patterson, Pierce, Phelp-s, Ren-
cher. Jos:-¡>:i Koynold*, Sclienck, Seymour, Augustine H.
Slnfip'rd, rfhinn, Sickle', Spansler, Sutherland, Taylor,
John Thom-on, Turnll, Underwood, Vinton, Wajener,
We&ner, We^ks, Lewis Williams, and ¡Slierrod Wil-
liam—95.
\AYS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Ashley, Bell,
Bond. Gord-n. Bouldin. Brigfs, Bunch, Jolm Calhoun,
William B. Caihoun. Cambrelen , Campbell, Carter, John
Ciiaaibar-, Child*. Claiborne, Clark, Codec, Coles, Con-
nor. Corwin, Crais, Cramer, Darlington, Doubleday, Drom-
goole. Duninp, Effner. Everett. Farliri. Forester, Philo C.
Fuller. James Garland, Eiec Garland, Gillet, Glascock,
Graham, Granar, Grantlaiid, Graves, Grayson, Grennell,
GaSiii, Jn.;eph Hail, Hiland Hall, Hammond, Hard, Har-
B'r, .Úb^rt G. Harrison, Havnes, HazeUine, Henderson,
iesier, Hoar, Holsey. Hopkins, Hubley, William Jack-
son. Joseph Jackson, Janes, Cave Johnson, Henry John-
son, Joseph XV. Jones, Jud-w.i, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay,
Luke Lea, Lincoln, Love, Loyall, Lion, Martin, John Y.
JMa^un, Maury, May, McCartv, MeComas, McKay, Me-
Kennon, McKeon. MeKim. McLcne. Mercer, Miliigan,
Morris, Owens. Parker, Patton, Dutce J. Pearce, James
A. Pearce, Pcttisrew, Pc\ton, Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney,
Potts, Beed, John Reynolds, Roane, Eobertson, Rogers,
Ru-sscll, Shields, Slade. Sprainc, Standcler, Steele, Storer,
Taliaferro, Thomas, Warldy Thompson, Toucey, Towns,
VamJirpoel, Ward, Wasliiagton, White, Whittlesey, and
Wise—121.
So the House refused to lay the petition on the
table.
Mr. HAMM05D then modified his resolution
as follows:
Resolved, That said petition be, and the same is hereby, !
rejected.
Mr. HAWKINS, of North Carolina, asked '
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.         i
Mr. HUNT apprehended (he said) that there !
was but one sentiment on this subject in tha' ,
House, and let gentlemen extend their observa-'
tions over this wide and extended country, aud i
ferceive what had been passing sinee this abeli- '
tion question was first agitated, and they would ;
see he was correct; that there was but one senti- ¡
Blent everywhere.    He apprehended that gentle-
men on all sides merely differed as to the means
of effecting a general and desired end—an end
they were all seeking, and which was to give
quiet and composure to this Republic upon this
exciting question.    He  would repeat, he was
thoroughly convinced that the only difference of
opinion  that  existed  was  with  regard  to  the
means to effect a desirable end.    It had been
said, that if they rejected this petition they should
give quiet to the country, and no other petitions
or memorials of a like tendency would be sent
there.   Would this be so?   If constituents chose
to send their petitions to that House, would not
gentlemen feel it their   duty to  present them?
Permit him to say, that if there be anything in-
decorous or disrespectful in a memorial presented
there to any member of the House, or to any
member of the Government, then he understood
it to be parliamentary to reject it; but if, on the
other hand, the memorial be couched in respectful
language, it was a right guarantied to the citizens
of this country by the Constitution to memorialize
that House.    The right he held to be a sacred
one, and could never consent to infringe upon it,
even by implication.
Humble as he was, (said Mr. H.,) it might
not, perhaps, be unknown to some there, that
■upon this abolition question he had extended the
principle so far as fp go for all the gentlemen of
the South contended for. He could also assure
i them, that among the New England men there
was but one universal and unanimous sentiment
upon the subject. Rut, to go back again to the
mode of effecting the desired end, that of giving
quiet and repose to this agitating question, and
to this excited community, Mr. H. held ideas
with regard to it, which he submitted with all
due deference. He held that the quiet of the
community could not be insured by suppressing
information and inquiry; but, on the contrary,
both policy and expediency, and the true course
thev owed their constituents, dictated that they
should give to these memorials and these peti-
tions the usual course. He would appeal to an
eminent instance, within the knowledge of every
one present, which did more than all the meetings
on the subject, by way of putting down the
fanatical zeal in regard to the Sunday mail. As
long as the House laid those memorials on the
tables, so long were they loaded with them, ses-
sion after session: but the very moment he gave
them what he conceived to be their proper direc-
tion, by appropriating them to a committee,
which made a report thereon, that very moment
the excitement was allayed, and nothing more
was heard on the subject. He asked gentlemen
to carry back their recollections to what the effect
was upon the RenuWie. The subject was put
forever at rest; and so, he apprehended, it would
be with the present, for he considered the cases
analogous.
It was true, (said Mr. H.,) the subject was an
irritating one, but they, as Representatives of the
people, were bound to meet it. They could not
shut their eyes to what was going on around
them. They could not slight or evade it ; nor
did he believe it was the disposition of any hon-
orable member there to do so. The only differ-
ence in judgment appeared to him to be as to the
means to effect the end. To refer, then, to the
analogous case, Mr. H.'s own deliberate judg-
ment was, that they should give to all these peti-
tions the usual parliamentary course, for this was
not the last, in all human probability, that would
be sent there. They could not conceal from them-
selves the fact, that the public were advised of
the existence of these memorials. They would
be sent to members there, and, judging from what
he felt to be his own duty, he apprehended that
other gentlemen would also feel it to be theirduty
to present them. He asked, then, that they would
show the South fairly the principles they main-
tained, by referring this,and all similar petitions
and memorials, either to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, or to some special commit-
tee, with instructions to report. They did not
doubt what would be the nature of the report,
and he apprehended he ran ho risk in pledging
himself that there was not a man in that House
but would give his sanction to a report that should
put this question forever at rest; silence the fan-
atics on the one hand, and satisfy our brethren
of the South on the other. He would again as-
sure gentlemen that the feeling of the North was
entirely sound and healthy on this subject. This
was not the first public occasion Mr. H. had
avowed the feelings he entertained on this ques-
tion. He had avowed them on other occasions;
and in the great meeting at Utica, to which allu-
sion had been made, he had done all he could,
although he took not such a prominent part
as his honorable colleague over the way, [Mr.
Beardsley.J But to ask him to vote for the re-
jection of this petition was to ask him to do what
seemed to him not a proper and respectful course,
if he might be permitted to use that term. With a
view of enabling other gentlemen who might have
similar memorials to present, to pursue the course
their own sense of duty directed, and with a view
of carrying out the action of the House in a way
which might speak to the nation unanimously
on this question, through the report of some
proper committee. Mr. H. said he should be
constrained to vote against the motion then under
consideration. Late as it wasf and enfeebled as
he was, yet he would not permit his vote to be
recorded on the question without briefly explain-
ing his views.
Mr. GLASCOCK said it must be gratifying to
every individual to have listened to the remarks
made by the honorable gentleman from New
, ttegtmber 21,
.JTX"
York, [Mrf Hunt,] who* h#d just taken his seat;
and he believed it must be equally gratifying to
every portion of the House to have been placed
in possession of his views upon this question,
though a large portion of them must differ with
the gentleman in regard to the policy he thinks
ought to be adopted in relation to it. The dis-
cussion that had taken'place to-day, Mr. G. had
no hesitation in saying, would be hailed in the
South as the greatest omen that the permanency
of this great and glorious Union was about to be
secured; and for one, coming from that section
of the country, he hesitated not to believe that
the honest difference of opinion that did exist
was an honest difference of opinion only as to
the manner and mode in which this question
should be settled; For one, he believed the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina to
be one that would be approved, at least the best
approved, by that portion of the people from
whom he came. He admitted it was the consti-
tutional right of every citizen of the country to
petition this and the other branch of the Legisla-
ture. It was a feature in the Constitution itself,
nnd it was an inseparable privilege which he
believed no individual who advocated this motion
had pretended to deny. But he contended that,
whenever the petition was brought forward, that
very moment the constitutional requisite had been
complied with; and it then became the duty of
the House to treat it as its merits deserved. N ow,
he would appeal to the gentleman himself, and
ask him whether there be not, in that petition,
language which calls upon the House to frown
upon it with indignation ? He would ask if there
be not charges in it that called for the unanimous
voice of reprobation of those opposed to it? He
would to God that he could act on this occasion
with the gentleman; but the proper course to be
pursued in relation to the petition was to reject
it: and, in rejecting it, he could not, for himself,
believe that a similar petition would be again pre-
sented for the consideration of that body. With
due deferenoe to the opinions of those who rep-
resent States, some few of whom might be favor-
able to the principles contained in the petition, it
would, in his humble conception, be virtually a
disrespect to the majority either way, who might
vote to reject or receive, afterwards to vote to lay
it on the table; and he wished, therefore, to avoid
this by bringing the question at once and directly
to bear upon the motion to reject it.
But there yraa ariather reason, which he would
suggest to the consideration of the House. They
would not. be deprived of meeting the question
fully, freely, and deliberately hereafter. What
did the President recommend in his annual mes-
sage? He recommended to the consideration of
that House the enactment of some law to pre-
vent the circulation of these incendiary publica-
tions through the Post Office Department. Then
they would have an opportunity of expressing
fully their views in relation to this matter. It
was then he expected again to hear the voice of
that gentleman in vindication of the views he had
now taken. Then he trusted they would have
but one voice throughout that House; and when
that vote should be received, the South would be
secure in their lives, their property, and their
rights. It would be then they might say this
Republic is safe. Then everything like disunion
would be quieted; and, he trusted, forever.
Mr. SUTHERLAND believed (he said) that
no man in that House who had known him for
any length of time could doubt his feelings upon
this question. He came from a section of country
that was exceedingly anxious to allay, as far as
possible, all kind of excitement upon a question
so agitating to the South. He came there pre-
pared, as far as he could, to vote upon that ques-
tion, and he trusted that, when the time came to
meet it, it would be met in a manner the great in-
terests connected with it demanded. .But he would
say, in advance, that he was not quite satisfied
with some of the feelings expressed from certain
quarters of this country to-day in that House.
They were bound by all' the ties that kept the
Union together to meet this question freely and
boldly, to throw aside every prejudice, and sac-
rifice it upon the altar for their country's good;
and it did not become them to excite each othear
by any kind of language.
