1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3d
Mr. S. hved in a State (he said) once a tlavc-
holding State, and which had been one of the first
to abolish slavery, having found it expedient to
start earlv in this question. He lived in a State,
too, where they as sincerely and honestly re-
garded the rights of the South as any other State
in the Union, and he came especially from a dis-
trict that he knew—and if he could use stronger
language he would—utterly despised and detest-
ed the whole question of a prompt and speedy
abolition of slavery in the South. He knew
that he spoke their voice when he said he was
prepared to go all the lengths that honor and
justice should require at his hands. While he
admitted so much, he also looked at this: that
the Constitution guarantied to us all the right to
send our petitions to that House. But he went
further, and took the other side of the question;
that if that petition be not drafted in the style in
which it ought to be, or if it be even inflammatory
in its nature, and calculated to excite the feelings,
why, then, he would throw it out, because they
were assembled there fairly and dispassionately
to meet this question. He would neither allow
the high feelings of the South to disturb him in his
judgment, nor the high feelings of the North,
who were, some of them, anxious to run all
lengths, and some of them to cast the firebrand
of slavery and abolition into that House. Now,
on the question under consideration, he went with
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Glascock,]
that if there was anything in that paper that did
not comport with the dignity and respect of the
House, vote for its rejection, come from where it
might. But, at the same tune, Mr. S. held him-
self always bound to vote for every petition sent
there m a proper style and language, on any and
every question, be it what it might, from any
quarter of the nation.
Mr. S. did not rise (he said) so much with ft
view of making these remarks, b«t to state a fact
of which the House was probably not aware
before the last vote was taken on this question.
He would state to the House that it had already,
that day, that very morning, referred a memorial
upon this very question to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and the Chair would state
whether he was correct or not.
The SPEAKER stated the fact to be so, and
that he had conferred with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs,] who presented the
petition, informing him tliat it was the intention
of the Chair to call the attention of the House
to it. It was doubtless through inadvertence that
the members of the House did not generally hear
it, but the Chair intended to have made a state-
ment of the fact to the House, and ao he informed
the mover.
Mr. HAMMOND said the presentation of the
petition had escaped him, or he should have
made the same motion with regard to that as he
did with íeference to the other.
Mr. PATTON then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the memorial presented by Mr.
Bricgs was referred.
Mr. BRIGGS suggested it would be better to
postpone the consideration of it nil the one before
the House to-day was disposed of; which was
agreed to.
A motion was here made by Mr. VINTON,
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday next, which was agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HAWKINS called for the yeas and nays;
but the House refused to order them, and tellers
being appointed, the ayes were—120, noes not
counted.
So the House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 21, 1835.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the credentials of ¡
the Hon. J ohm M. Nil**, appointed by the Gov-
ernor of the State of Connecticut (in the recess
of the Legislature) a Senator Iron, that State, to
supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of
the Hon. Nathan Smith, which having been read,
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
States was administered1 to Mk Nilei by the Vice |
President.                                                                  I
1                         smitííson's bequest.
I     A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelsoií, his Private
Secretary, as follows, to wit:
Tb the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States :
I transmit to Congress a report from the Secretary of
State, accompanying copie  of certain papers, relating to a
beques to the United States, bj Mr James Smithson, of
London, for the purpose of founding, at Washington, an
establishment under the name ot the " Smithsonian Insti-
tution," for the ditiuMon ot knowledge among men The
Executiv e hav ing no authority to takt any steps for accept-
ing the tru->t and obt lining the fund--, the papers are torn
municateit with a view to such niea-ures as Congress may
deem necessary.
ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington, December 17, 183j
NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution, and asked for its consideration at that
time:
Resoled. That the Committee on Fwnnce be instructed
to consider w hat measure  it may be proper for Con<rre^s to
adopt, m coiiaequenee of the destruction of merchandise
and other propeit\ b\ the late fire in the city of New York
Mr WEBSTER said that, since the last ad-
journment of the Senate, we had heard of a con-
flagration attended with more injury to propei ty
than had ever occurred before in this country.
There was no place in this continent m which the
ravages of fire could have crt atcd so much injury
in such a period of time. It appeared that the
fire raged for many hours, and it had been very
difficult to overcome From the aspect of many
of the public papers it seemed that a strong
excitement existed, and that it was expected that
Congress would do something for the relief of
the sufferers. Congress, he said, had heretofore
acted on occasions of this natuie of fir less mag-
nitude ; and he thought that such undoubted scent s
of sufFei ing as were witnessed at New York re-
?uired that relief in some mode should be extended,
n casr s of this kind a prolonged credit in the
payment of custom-house bonds had been given,
other measures of relief might be recommended
He was not himself prepai ed to say what should
be done. The State of New York was numer-
ously represented in the other House, and many
of her Representatives had doubtless learned
through their correspondence the particulars
respecting the extent and nature of the injury
received, and would therefore be able to suggest
measures proper for the action of Congress. He
thought, under all the circumstances, it would be
better to appoint the committee and wait then
i for the action of the other House. The resolu-
tion was then adopted.
INTERAA.L IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. PORTER presented a communication from
the Executive of the State of Louisiana, inclos-
ing sundry resolutions of the Legislatuie of that
State, on the subject of certain internal improve-
ments within the State, and instructing their
Representatives to use their exertions to obtain
from Congress donations of land for such objects,
all of which were referred to appropriate com-
mittees.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. LEIGH presented the petition of General
Robert   Porterfield,   representative   of   Colonel 11
Charles Porterfield, late an officer of the Virginia
line of the revolutionaiy army, deceased, pray-
ing that a certain quantity of land may be gi anted
him in lieu of that located under his land war-
rant, but  covered  by a prior location,  which I
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary ¡
Claims,
Mr. HENDRICKS presented petitions from
the citizens of Michigan city, and from the in-
habitants of the northern part of Indiana, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor of Michigan city, and for the establishing
a port of entry at that place; which were appro-
priately referred.                                                       i
Mr. SWirT presented the petition of John ,
Taylor; which was referred to the Committee on ,
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SHEPLEY presented the petitions of
Green & Emerson, of E. Baldwin,and of Thomas
Cutts; all of which were appropriately referred.    |
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of the
executois of David Caldwell.   Also, the petition |
of sundry citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for
' a reduction of the duties on railroad iron; both of
which were appropriately referred.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the petition of
------Ostrander; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of the
heirs of the late General William Eaton; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims
Mr BLACK presented the petition of the Trus-
tees of the public school of Vicksburg, Missis-
sippi, and the petition of Eli7abeth Magruder;
which weie referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands
Mr. TIPTON presented the memorial of the
General Assembly of the Territory of Arkansas,
on the subject of the construction of a road from
Columbia to Washington; and which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
He also presented the petition of James Lean-
der Cathcart; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims: also, the memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Indiana; which wa 
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion by Mr.NAUDAIN, the petition of
Elizabeth Robinson, of the last session, was
again referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and the petition of Lieutenant Shubrick
was again refened to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, several pe-
titions, presented by him at the last session, weie
again referí* d.
On motion by Mr. TALLM A DGE, the petition
of the heirs of Michael Hogan, and the petition
of David Bronson, of the last session, weie again
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the report of the
boaid of commissioners for adjusting land titles
m Missouri, together with the report «f the Com 
missioner of the Geneial Land Office on that sub-
lect, were referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that he would
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill making
an appropriation for the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Wabash river.
Mr. TIPTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Hiram \. Hunter.
Mr. MOORE gave notice that he would to-
morrow <vsk leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Elijah Simmons; also, a bill for the relief of
Samuel Smith and Linn Magee, Creek Indians.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr EWING, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and intioduced a bill
to settle and define the northern boundary line
of the State of Ohio, which was read and ordered
to a second rending
Mr. MORRIS said that, as there was some
difference between his colkague and himself in
relation to some of the principles involved in the
bill just read, of an important charactei, he would
submit a resolution as presenting his views on
the subject.
The CHAIR stated that, is the resolution was
in the form of a joint one, it must be introduced
after giving one day's previous notice.
Mr. MORRIS gav e notice accordingly that he
would intioduce the resolution to-moirow
Mr. MOORE, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
for the relief of John McCarty, which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. IIUGGLES submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over one day for consideration:
Resolved, Th Utile Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of miking ippropnations to
construct harbors at the mouths of the St. Josephs, Kalama-
zoo, and Gal lie i rivers of Lake Michigan, and for re moving
the bar at the mouth ot Clinton river oi Lake St Clair
Mr. WHITE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands he in-
structed to inquire into the propriety ot providing by law
that John H. Cook, of the State of Indiam, ma> (nter and
obtain a grant for one thousand acres of land in exchange
for the like quantity «lairaed b> him in the State of Ala
bama
