4fe
/PHB fcON&RE3SÍ0NAL GLGHB.
December 22,
Boundary of tWM State «h H be ««tsMUhed by, and extended
o, a direct li e running from the somberly extreme of Lake
Michigan to the most northerly cape of the Miami bay,
after intersecting the due north line from the mouth of the
Great Miami aforesaid, thence northeast to the territorial
line, and by said territorial line to the Pennsylvania line."
«3nd it i¡ further resolved, That any State or States that
may be formed of the territory of the United States lying
east of the Mississippi river, which Confess may hereafter
deem proper to admit into the Union, shall be bounded on
the south by the State of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, as the ,
.aw may require.                                                      |
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF ILLINOIS.
Mr. ROBINSON submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
' Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to cause to be laid before the Senate the report and survey
of the commissioners appointed to survey and mark the
northern boundary line of the State of Illinois, in pursuance
of the law of the United States passed April 18, 1831.
OHIO BOUNDARY LINE----AGAIN.
The Senate proceeded to ballot for a select
committee to consider the President's Message
relative to the northern boundary of the State of
Ohio, and the application of the State of Michi-
fan for admission into the Union; and Messrs.
enton, Wright, Clattow, Crittenden, and
Preston, were chosen.
MICHIGAN SENATORS.
Mr. BENTON said he had submitted a motion
some days ago, to extend the courtesy of the
Senate to the two gentlemen elected as Senators
from Michigan, so far as to assign them seats on
the floor of the Senate. That motion he bad
made through inadvertence, and without looking
into any precedents em the subject. The motion
had been laid on the table, and he now wished it
taken up in order that he might withdraw it, and
submit a motion in writing similar to one that
had formerly been adopted in the Senate on a
like occasion, when two Senators from Tennes-
see presented themselves there for admission,
and was drawn up nearly v>drd for word with the
resolution then adopted.
The motion was then taken up, whe  Mr. B.
withdrew it, and submitted the following?
That Mr. Lyon and Mr. Norvell, who claim to be Sen-
ators of the United States, be received as spectators, and
that chairs be provided for that purpose on the floor of the
Benate, until the final decision of the Senate shall be giver 
on the application to admit Michigan into the Union.
Mr. EWING moved to amend the motion by
striking out the word "floor," which amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON said that he must claim the in-
dulgence of the Senate a few minutes, while lie
explained the reasons that influenced him to the j
course he felt compelled to pursue on the ques-
tion tlien under consideration.    Coming,as I do,
(said Mr. T.,) from a now State that but a few
years ago was like Michigan now is, knocking I
at the door of Congress for admission into the
Union, I cannot consent to give a silent vote that
might be construed by others as unkind to the
people of Michigan, where it is my good fortuné
to have some valued friends, or uncourteous to
the two gentlemen sent to represent the State of
Michigan in this Senate; and he acknowledged
the right of the people of this Territory to form
a constitution as soon as she liad a population of
sixty thousand free inhabitants, and to be ad-
mitted into the Union as a separate and inde-
rdent State, provided the Constitution formed
her was republican and not.inconsistent with,
or repugnant to, the Constitution of the United
States.   It will be remembered'(said Mr. T.)
that I had the honor, two years ago, to urge on
the consideration of the Senate a bill providing
for taking  the  census  of  the people  of  both
Arkansas and Michigan Territories, and author-
izing them to form constitutions and State gov-
ernments provided they were found to contain
forty-seven thousand seven hundred inhabitants,
federal numbers, that being the ratio of repre-
sentation in the other branch of Congress.   It
was not the good pleasure of the Senate to adopt
the measure proposed by him.  This he sincerely
regretted at the timé, and he still regretted it.   He
was confident that it would have prevented most
of the difficulty that we have had in a certain
"juarter, promoted harmony and good feelings,
and taught obedience to the laws.   And, more-
over, it would have enabled the people of these
Territories to come into the Union as independ-
ent States, which he considers them entitled to do
at a much earlier day than they now can under
present circumstances. What had followed the
period he had just alluded to ? Why, sir, (said
Mr. T.,)we have had flaming general orders,
calling on the militia to stand by their arms to
defend the integrity of certain boundaries estab-
lished by Congress, and which no authority under
Heaven, besides Congress, had the right to alter.
It was true that no blood was shed by these tu-
mults, but it was equally true that things as-
sumed, at one time there, a most alarming-aspect.
The people of Michigan (said Mr. T.) now in-
form us that they have ascertained to their own
satisfaction, that they have a sufficient popula- '
tion to entitle them to form a State government,
and they haveformed their constitution, and pre-
sent themselves here, demanding admission into
the Union as a separate and independent State.
The Senator from Missouri had moved the
Senate to allow the two gentlemen who pre-
sented themselves here as Senators from the State
of Michigan, to take seats in this Chamber; and
he tells us that we owe this much to courtesy; as
well as to the people of Michigan. This was all
very civil, and looked well on paper; but before
he could give a vote to admit the Senators he
must understand how this constitution was formed,
and what territory was embraced within the limits
of this new State.
Sir, (said Mr. T.,) I find, on examining the
first article of the constitution of Michigan, that
it includes all the territory that was embraced
within the Michigan Territory by an act of Con-
gress of January, 1805. This act establishes the
southern boundary of that Territory to be a line
drawn due east from the southern extreme of
Lake Michigan. The convention that formed
the constitution of Michigan had overlooked or
disregarded an act of Congress of 19th June, 1816,
authorizing the people of the Indiana Territory
to form a constitution and State government.
This actproposed to establish the northern bound-
ary of Indiana by a line drawn through a point
ten miles North of the southern extreme of Lake
Michigan, provided the Indiana convention would
accept and ratify that boundary. It was accepted
and ratified by the Indiana convention; the terri-
tory in question became part and parcel of the
State of Indiana; and now it was found that
Michigan sets up a claim to this same territory,
and has attempted to include it within the limits
of the new State. If Michigan is permitted to
do this, it will lop off from Indiana a tract of
country ten miles in width north and south, ex-
tending from Lake Michigan to the east bound-
ary of Indiana more than one hundred miles.
Indiana (said Mr. T.) has had the quiet posses-
sion of this country nearly twenty years, and has
organized counties, built towns, opened roads,
and made aB her local'arrangements on and over
this territory now claimed by Michigan.
The- third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States reads thus:
" New States may be admitted by the Congress
' into the Union, but no new State shall be -formed
' or erected within the jurisdiction of ar.y other
' State, nor any new State formed by the junction
' of Iwo or more States, or parts of States, with-
' out the consent of the Legislatures of the States
' concerned, as well as of Congress."
Unfortunately, as he thought, for Michigan, she
had disregarded this provision of the Constitution
' of the United States, and attempted to extend her
jurisdiction over a portion of the State of Indiana
without consulting the people or the Legislature
of that State.    This was as unnecessary to Mich-
1 igan as it was unexpected to Indiana.   Michigan
was longer without that territory than Indiana
was with it; the people who resided there had no
wish to be included within the boundaries of
Michigan, and Indiana would never agree tamely
to surrender it up to any other power whatever.
In this view of the case, sir, (said Mr. T.,) it is
impossible to admit Michigan into  the Union
I until she strikes from her constitution all that
j part of it that sets \ip claims to lop off territory
j from the neighboring States.
j     Mr. T. said that he could not sanction, by his
1 vote, any act of the people of Michigan that could
| by possibility be construed into an admission of
[ her existence as a State, nor could he vote seats
, to her Senators in this Chamber any more than
seats to any 'other gentlemen who might be in
attendance here from that Territory.
Let Michigan (said Mr. T.) retrace her steps,
and strike from her constitution all that conflicts
with the Constitution of the United States, the
laws of Congress, and the rights of other States,
and present herself here as a peaceable and good-
huhiored sister, and he would be among the first
to take her by the hand and welcome her into our
great family, the Confederacy, but he wanted no
more schisms in the family, nor could he admit
her into the Union on the terms that she now
asks to be admitted. If Michigan were admitted
.upon the terms she now asks, every Senator must
see that an appeal to the courts of the country or
to arms was unavoidable; it would produce ill
feelings among the people on either side of the
boundary line, and a state of things must ensue
that every patriot should avoid. He therefore
appealed to Congress to settle the difficulty before
admitting Michigan into the Union.
He had much more to say upon this subject,
but would postpone it to some other occasion.
Mr. EWING- considered that Mr. Lton had a
right, on account of being a Delegate to the other
House, to the privileges of members of that
branch of Congress. He would have no objec-
tion to a resolution to admit Mr. Norvell, as a
spectator, to take a seat on the benches in the
gallery. He was willing to go that far, if the
honorable Senator from Missouri would so frame
his resolution.
Mr. BENTON said that chairs had been
assigned the Tennessee Senators in the case he
had cited. He therefore thought they had better
let the word " chairs" stand.
Mr. HENDRICKS said, that he always re-
gretted when an appeal was made to his liberality
of comity for anything he could not grant, and
that this was his situation at the present time.
What is the case ? (said Mr. H.) A man comes
into my house; he tells me that he has come for
the purpose of appropriating to himself a part of
my house, or of despoiling me of a portion of my
foods, and that he has means in train by which
e will, in his opinion, speedily accomplish these
objects; but inasmuch as it will be more con-
venient to him to attend to this work of spolia-
tion within the house than out of doors, he asks
that, through comity, I would assign him a seat,
and permit him to remain until he can finish his
work. Now, sir, this statement well enough
describes the relations, as far as this position is
concerned, between the two citizens of Michigan
and the two Senators from Indiana on this floor.
They say, that they are Senators of the State of
Michigan; that the sovereignty and independence
of that State are extended over a large territory
of the State of Indiana; that it is their intention
to eject the jurisdiction of Indiana from this ter-
ritory, and that, to enable them more conveniently
and more speedily to do this, they ask to be ad-
mitted upon the floor of the Senate. Comity
(said Mr. H.) should never ask what comity can
never give, and this seems to be a case of that
| kirid.
i It has been said on this floor that Michigan is
'4 State defacto; but this, with groat deference to
the opinion, on account of the source whence it
eomes, I must be permitted to controvert, and to
| say that I know of no such case. I infer, indeed,
! that no such can exist, because the Constitution
| says that " no new State shall be formed or
I erected within the jurisdiction of any other State,
nor any State be formed by the junction of two or
more States, or parts of States, without the con-
sent of the Legislatures of the States concerned,
as well as of the Congress." Now, sir, (said Mr.
H.,) if it had been indispensably necessary that
Michigan should become a State, and that the State
of Indiana should be partitioned and dismembered
for her benefit, comity would have said, that she
should have at least asked the consent of the
Legislature of that State, and the Constitution of
the United States, «g well as comity, would also
have required the same thing. Comity, too,
would have deferred something to the fact, that
the State of Indiana has been peaceably in the
Union for about twenty years, and that, too,
with boundaries prescribed and assented to by
Congress.
Sir, (said Mr. H.,)I undertake to say that
