1&3&
THE' Ü0NORES8ÍONAL <£LOMl
43
Michigan is not a State, neither ie féclo nor it
jvrt, and that she never canbe a Sttte with her
assumed boundaries. The President of the Uni-
ted States is bound to see that the laws of the
Union are faithfully administered in and over the
Territory of Michigan, until the people of that
Territory shall have the permission of Congress1
to pass ¡rom a territorial to a State government,
and no one can doubt that he will faithfully per-
form that duty. It mightperhaps be outof place
here to say mwh about the rights, or pretended
rights of Michigan for admittance into the Union.
He did, however, say that she is not on a footing
with any of the three States already formed out
of the northwestern Territory. Their boundaries
were described by the ordinance *f 1787, and
by it they were made and called States. In it,
too, they had a guarantee that they should be
admitted into the Union with a free population
each of sixty thousand. None of these prerequi-
sites exist in relation to Michigan. Congress has
never yet determined to form any State north of
the latitude of the southern bend of Lake Michi-
gan. The people of Michigan petitioned Con-
gress two years ago to do this, but it has never
been done. There is no case in existence to
which the present condition and attitude of Michi-
gan can be assimilated. That of Tennessee was a
much stronger case, but he was willing to accord
to her citizens in question all that was granted
to the Senators from Tennessee. And what was
that? I take it (said Mr. H.)from the pamphlet,
furnished, as I suppose, by a citizen of Michigan,
for I have searched no further. It was that they
should be "admitted as spectators," until the
decision of the Senate on the pending bill. It
would not enlarge the present privileges of one
of the persona claimin  to be received as a Sen-
ator from Michigan. That privilege he has al-
ready under our rules, in virtue of having been
a delegate in the other House, but it would con-
fer this privilege on the other, who has it not.
This much, Mr. President, I am willing to do,
and no more; and to effect this, I ofteran amend1-
ment to the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri, or a substitute, whichever it ought to be
considered, for I have not his proposition befare
me, proposing to extend the same privileges of
the Senate to the Hon. John Nor\eLl which,
by our rules, are given to the members of the
House of Representatives, and the delegates
from Territories.
llcsotectl, That the sanio privileged be extended to the
Hod. John Norvell as ia extended to Delegates from
States or Territories to the Hause of Representatives in
Congrcá* gsnerauy.
Mr. BENTON modified the motion by substi-
tuting for all after "Resolved," an amendment
embracing the substance of the resolution to ad-
mit the Senators sent from the Northwest Terri-
tory to seats, in which he had inserted the words,
"on the floor."                                                         ,
Mr. B. thought that they should be careful
how they worded any resolution that might be
adopted there, lest they might expel those gen-
tlemen altogether. It could hardly be the design
of the Senate, or of the gentleman from Indiana,
to expel them, nor did he believe that such was
the intention of that gentleman. "With respect
to himself, as a Senator from Missouri before she
was admitted into the Union, he and his colleague
acted together with the same feelings on that oc-
casion; not permitting ourselves (said Mr. B.)to
accept any seat short of a full seat. We did not
(said he) ask for a seat, though the presiding
officer gave us one; nor did we hang about the
Senate Chamber, because we would not permit
the impression that we would take anything short
of what we were fully entitled to. But the case
of these Senators from Michigan was different.'
They would feel no difficulty in waiting until
Congress decided to admit the State they came to i
represent into the Union; and all he asked for
them was, to give them the privilege of being
present when the interests of their State were dis-
cussed. He thought it would be better to pass
his resolution than the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana. His resolution did not com-
mit gentlemen in any way. He had avoided
designating Michigan either as a State or Terri-
tory, and therefore no gentleman could commit
himscif by voting for its adoption.   Those gen-
tlemen migh« «oppose, from the word* tijey hew*
there.tkMthiiy could not usetheprmlegegrantwl
by the amendment without a surrender of their
rights, and that they could not come into the gal-
leries at all. Now they could come into the Cham-
ber anywhere, where spectators were admitted.
He left it to gentlemen, whether it would not be
better, under all circumstances, to follow up the
old precedent set in the case of the Tennessee
Senators, and allow these gentlemen to cortie into
the Senate Chamber, and listen to the debates
interesting to the diagram of country—(he wdtrld
not speak of Michigan as a State)—the diagram
of country they came to represent. It was a
matter of substance to them to have this privi-
lege; they might hear something in debate inter-
esting to the country they came from, that they
would be able to answer, and they might thus be
enabled to furnish some Senator with the answer
to make for them. He though t it would be better
, to furnish the gentlemen with chairs, as was done
in the case of the Senators from Tennessee.
Mr. HENDRICKS said that he could very
well appreciate the feelings of delicacy which had
so frequently been mentioned by Senators in this
discussion. The proposition now before the
Senate was one of courtesy and delicacy towards
the representatives of Michigan; and this was
its whole character. He admitted, too, the pro-
priety of prudence and caution in forming opinions
aboxt the right of Michigan to be received into
the Union as a sovereign and independent State.
But, in relation to himscif and his colleague, a
squeamish delicacy would be entirely out of place.
For us to doubt or hesitate about our course and
duty, with the constitution of Michigan on our
tables, claiming, as it does, a large district of our
State, would be wholly Unpardonable. He, for
one, had no opinion to form. He had but one
cewrse to take, and that was to resist the admis-
sion of Michigan as a State of this Union at
every step, until she expunged from her consti-
tution her unfounded claim upon the territory of
Indiana.
The Senator from Missouri had spoken of pre-
cedent , and had instanced those of Tennessee
and Missouri.    But the Tennessee case conferred
¡ no greater privilege than that already enjoyed by
¡ the Hon. Lucios Lyoh, one of the gentlemen in
question, in virtue of his having been a Delegate
I in the House Of Representatives, and no greater
I privilege than that proposed by his amendment
! to be conferred on the other, the Hon. Mr. Nor-
i vbll.   The precedent of Missouri! and is there
any similarity between the case of Missouri and
hat of Michigan ?    Surely none.    Missouri was
a State, known as such to our laws.    She had
formed her constitution in pursuance of a law of
Congress.    She was a State de jnrc, as well as in
form and in fact.    She presented a constitution
unexceptionable. There was no question of bound-
ary—no question about her right of admission as
a State.    The only question was one involving
the power of Congress to attach a condition after
her right to admission had become perfect. Here,
in the case of Michigan, the question of State or
no State has yet to bo settled,as well as the ques-
tion of boundary, involving as it does the integrity
of one or more of the States. In relation toother
States, where there were no difficult preliminary '
questions to settle, he believed that no special '
comity had been shown to the Senators who pre- ,
sented themselves.   He referred to the admission
of Ohio, Louisiana, Indiana, and other new States,
where the Journals showed rto resolutions of cour-
tesy to the Senators in attendance before they
were sworn as members of the body.    He well
recollected that the Senators from Indiana did
not obtain seats, until the joint resolution of ad-
mittance had passed both Houses, and obtained
the appropriate signatures. Theprecedents which
the practice of the Senate in these casos afforded
were against the application in the present case.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, that after a thorough
examination of the subject, there was one ques-
tion m this controversy on which he should hot
hesitate to express a decided opinion.    He never
should, whilst he had the honor to occupy a seat {
upon that floor, give a vote which might tend to i
disturb the States of Indiana or Illinois in the I
peaceable possession of all the territory within i
their present boundaries.     The  constitutional '
rigW of these'Sfaies, ai weü areduttd policy;
eqtralfy*W*HWBned'ány étfttr* 'which COOM inter-
fere witli their chartered limits.- He was as free
to express this opinion, as the Senator from In-
diana himself [Mr. HcmmiCKs.]
The question now before the Senate was one of
very little importance. ■ The difference between
the two propositions was go slight, as to rendei it
of little importance to hhn for which of them he
should vote. Whether the gentlemen elected
Senators by the Legislature of Michigan should'
be assigned 'chairs in this chamber as spectators,
or should be admitted into it as privileged persons,
could not be a matter of consequence to them.
We would nttt prevent them from taking seats,
whether they came in under the one resolution
or the other. They were the representatives of
Michigan, and were now asserting her claim to
be admitted as a State into the Union. It was
proper that they should be present in the Senate,
and have an opportunity of hearing all its pro-
' ceedings which had any connection with this
question. They would be equally admitted under
1 the one or the other resolution. He should vote
for the resolution of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] because it seemed to be conform-
able to the ancient precedents. He would, how-
ever, suggest whether it would not be better for
him to accept'of the modification proposed by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] than
make a question on this subject. The result
would be the same in either case.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH observed that the ob-
ject of the resolution appeared to be to extend
some civility tothe gentlemen coming as Senators
• from Michigan, and, on the otherside, gentlemen
were unwilling to go as far as to' commit them-
selves to any ulterior object. Now, he thought
the resolution might be so changed as to obviate
all objections to;it; that Was, to word it so as to
admit the gentlemen to the privileged seats of the'
Senate.
Mr. BENTON replied, that this privilege was
extended to the members of the other House, and
to a great mafiy others, perhaps to five or six
hundred in all. He could not say exactly to how
many the privilege was extended, but he believed
that, under the rule lately adopted, more were
entitled to occupy the privileged seats than they
would hold. A crowd might therefore be col-
lected in the Senate Chamber at times that the 
very questions interesting to these gentlemen were
debated, and they might, thus be excluded. By
assigning them chairs, they would have the sole
right to occupy them, and no one could exclude
them.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of Mr. Hkndiucks was  agreed to,  after
which the resolution was adopted as amended.
BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read tha
second tim^, and referred:
The bill for the legal adjudication and settle-
ment of claims to lands therein mentioned;
The bill authorizing the President to run and
mark the boundary line between the Territory of
the United States iind the State of Missouri;
The bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth section of public lands granted for the
use of schools, and the location of other lands in
lieu thereof;
The bill to settle and establish the northern
boundary of the State of Ohio; and
The bill to improve the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river in the vicinity of St. Louis.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Decanber 22, 1835.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion made by Mr. Patton, on Friday last, to
reconsider the vote whereby the petition pre-
sented by Mr. Brtgcs, praying the abolition Of
slavery in the District of Columbia, was referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRANGER protested against the manner
in which these petitioners had been confounded
with the Abolitionists of the North. He knew
the gentlemen who petitioned on this subject to
be as pure in their hearts, and as pure in their
