44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23 
lives, as any g*nttem*n upoa that floor. They
«ere individúala to whom Üm Constitution of the
country was as sacred as to any other class of
citizens.. Ho heta the Abolitionists of tlie North
in no more rt spect than did the gentleman trom
Carolina, or trow any other S«ate in tho Union.
There wire many ot them for whose motivis he
had no resiKit, there were many others whose
mouses he believed to be honest, but to whom,
misguided as the) wen , he would say, Slay
your hands, yi i are not to scatter firebrands
here. But w hen he was called upon to confound
these petitioners with such persons, it became
his duty to protest aganut it, Tliese petitioners
thought Congress had the right, undt r the Con-
sutuunn, to legislate exclusively, and to the
fullest intent, witlim the District of Columbia,
vi ithout gouu; bt yond the ConsUtuUon, and, with
this ab^traet proposition, they supposed they
had a right to appear at the bar of that House,
and to ask Congress to interfere on the sub|ect
ol slaverj within this District. Mr. G. then
took a re\iow of the class of individuals by
«ham ihtse petitions were subscribed—ladies,
quakers, and others, vv ho had conscientious scru-
ples on the subject of slavery. He referred to the
proceedings of the Legislature, or one branch of
it, of New \oik, a few years ago. He said it
should be remembered, and he was surprised
that it should seem to be forgotten by those
who had been longer ui that House than himself,
that in the popular branch of the Legislature of
New York, during the session of the winter of
1823, it «as declarvd by a most decided majority,
embracing gentlemen of all political parties, and
embracing as much talent ana as much patriotism
as w as to be found m any legislative hall of any
Legislature in this Union, that it was competent
for Congress to legislate on the subject of slavery
within the District of Columbia. The majority
of this respectable body were not, and ought not
to be designated as murderers and the) were not
less improper terms to be applied to an y portion of
the freemen of this country. In Mr- G. 's opinion
the House was bound to receive all petitions re-
spectfully couched. If gentlemen wished a direct
vote upon this question, let them meet the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Mar) land, [Mr.
Thomas,] to refer all these petitions either to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, or to a
special committee, and let a report be made,as it
would be made, to meet their wishes. Then they
should have Mr. G.'s vote; and, though differing
from many of his constituents, still he would
most fearlessly record his vote m fav or of such a
report But when it was insisted upon that he
should av oid the question, or that he should strike
through it, and inflict a deep wound upon the
very right of petition, he would Lake a stand with
the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts.
Who would have believed that from that country
to which the Constitution could not be made
acceptable until the right of freedom of speech,
freedom of discussion, and freedom of petition
had been secured—who (he said) would have be-
lieved that an attempt should be made thus to
drive from that Hall a petition which professed,
as he professed to believe, that discussion should
be left free, where the nation was left free'
Mr. 1NGERSOLL rose (he said) chiefly with
a view of announcing his intention to the House
to submit a proposition which, he thought, if
adopted, would be the means of tranquillizing all
parts of the House on this question, without
compromise on either side. His own belief was,
a motion to reject the petition would not, if ear-
ned, reach tho object it was desired to attain.
Mr I. read the sketch of his resolution, which
was as follows:
Resolved Th-it the holding of slates is a right clearly
recognized by the Constitution of the United States, and
is tiiereby secured to the citizens of those States whom:
policy does not forbid it, as the legitimate subject of indi
vidual property, and source of polrtical influence and power;
and all attempts to interfere with, or molest them in Its
exercise or enjoy uent, are impolitic, uscoMtituuonal, and
UllJUit.
Mr. I. then addressed the House at some length
in support of the foregoing propositions.
Mr. MANN, of New York,sa*d he had avoid-
ed all participation in this debate, because he
thought it wise to do so, and he should then say
a very few words in relation to it.   All that he
I would «ay he deemed necessary fro  certain re-
marks that had fallen from one of his honorable
oolleasvics that morning, [Mr Granger.] That
gentleman was phased to say, that it had been
forgotten that the Legislature of New York, not
longer ago than the year 18.39, had passed reso-
lutions upon the subject of the right of Congress
to interfere with slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. GRANGER explained. His words were,
" it seemed to have been forgotton that the popular
branch of the Legislature had passed resolutions"
—and (said Mr. G ) I leave the gentleman there.
Mr. MA>iN said that thus fur he had avoided
participating in this debate. He had purposely
done so, because he fully believed that gentlemen
of the South, on that floor, were entirely sincere
m their assurances to us that such discussion*
were unprofitable, and productive of anything but
utility; dangerous to their rights, and, perhaps,
destructive to the lives of their wives, their chil-
dren, their citizens. He had hoped that gentlemen
giving such assurances would have refrained from
going into the discussion; but in this he had been
greatly disappointed. He would forewarn the
House that it was not his intention to deviate far
from the course he had prescribed for himself,
and he would not now trespass at all if it had not
been for aome remarks made by his honorable
colleague [Mr. Granger] who first addressed
the House this morning. My colleague, sir, (said
Mr. M.,) has been pleased to say that it seemed
to be forgotton that tie Legislature of New York,
not longer ago than 1839, passed resolutions in
favor of the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. GRANGER here explained by saying
that such resolutions were only passed by the
popular branch of that Legislature.
Mr. MANN continued and said, that the im-
pression he received from the gentleman '8 remarks
was as he had stated, and he thought he had
heard him distinctly and attentively; but it was
possible he might not have done so, and he-was
happy to have the gentleman understood. Mr.
M. said he had the honor of having been an hum-
ble member of tliat Legislature, and, on looking
into its lournal, he found that there were four
others of his colleagues on tins floor who w ere
then also his associates, [Messrs. William K.
Fuller, Philo C. Fuller, Effher, and Haz-
eltinb.1 His colleague [Mr. Granger] was not
in that Legislature, as he had been accustomed
heretofore to be, and having stated this fact, (said
Mr. M.,) perhaps it is due to the gentleman that
I should state the reason, and it is, that he was
at the previous election a candidate for tho Lieu-
tenant Governor's chair of that State, which lie
failed to reach, for the simple reason that he could
not get, votes enough!
Now, Ms. Speaker, on looking into the Journal
containing the record of the decision taken on the
passage of the resolution to which my colleague
has alluded, (and it is due to my colleagues to
state it, after what has fallen from the gentleman,)
I find the record to be consistent with all my
former and subsequent action upon the subject.
I am there recorded as voting with my two col-
leagues, with whom it has usually been my pleas-
ure to act on most questions, [William K Ful-
ler, and Effner,] as voting against the resolu-
tions, while I find my other colleagues, [Philo
C. Fuller, and Hazeltinb,] who have always
been aliens to most of my views upon political
questions, recorded as there voting for them.
My course, str.and thatof my friends generally
at home, as well as on this floor, has been con-
sistent in opposing any interference upon thissub-
lect. It is true, sir, that resolution passed that
Assembly—passed too, sir, for purposes, and by
means winch I am not permitted to discuss here;
but having been sent to the other branch, of the
Legislature for their concurrence, it slept, I be-
lieve, in the same famdy vault with those men-
tioned yesterday by the honorable gentleman
[Mr. Adams] from Massachusetts, " the tomb of
the Capulets.'' After this explanation, sir, the gen-
tleman is welcome to all the " gulls he may catch
by that 11 yn"— to all the benefits which he can (
appropriate to himself m this, the next, or any i
other campaign. Having said thus much in reply |
to my colleague, and being on thi   floor, (said
Mr. M.,) I beg leave to add, that my own opin-
ions on Uiie subject are in accordance with those
of my constituents, with whose views 1 am
acquainted, or ought to be presumed to be so; and,
sir, I may claim some acquaintance with the peo-
Fleofthc State of New Yoik. Sir, (said Mr. M.,)
am fully warranted in saying, that, fiom my
acquaintance with that people, there is not one
person in five hundred among a population of
more than two millions of people in that State,
who is in favor of abolition, oi any other inter-
ference with the lights of mastei and slave in the
South. Among the political friends with whom
I have uniformly acted, (the Republicans,) I
have never known one—no, sir, not a single one.
Sir, (said Mr. M.,) there is no constitutional am-
biguity to ray nund on this subject; for while it
is admitted that Congress has exclusive power
" of legislation in all cases whatever," in the
District of Columbia, the Constitution has pro-
hibited any of our interference with the local in-
stitutions of the States. The Union and the
Constitution, sir, were the result of concession and
compromise. The subject under debate formed
one of the points, We agreed—wo entered into
the compact with our southern brethren; and the
question now presented by them to us—the real
question (when the argumt nt is pushed to the full
extent) propounded to us of the North, is whether
we will live up to the bargain we have made to the
compact and union we have entered into' For
myself, for my constituents and fuends, I answer,
without hi sitation or mental lescrvation, that
under all circumstances, and in eveiy vicissitude 
good or evil, we will—we will, though the heav-
ens fall. What more need 1 say' (said Mr. M.)
I will ask gentlemen to believe us sincere. Why
suspect our sincerity> What motive have we
to interfere in concerns that do not concern us?
Sir, the people of New York can have no motive
for such interferenee.
The ft.w misguided men in the North who are
desirous of intruding their misdirected philan-
thropy upon the South, have political and party
purposes to subserve. Sensible of their own
want of consideration m their own community—
of their own destitution of political integrity and
patriotism, they seek even infamous notoriety in
attempts to destroy the institutions of their
country. I have placed my vote on our State
legislative journals against them, and I shall repeat
that vote on your journal as often as I may have
opportunity.
Mr. Speaker, I have deprecated this debate,
and deplored the spirit in which it is conducted.
Shall it come to this, that an American Congress
shall be bandying epithets springing from youth-
ful or excited feelings' Is it necessary, sir, to
accuse any individuals of crimes, and stigmatize
them with epithets, that shall with me be name-
less' For myself, sir, I cannot consent to such
an employment, and I trust that we may conduct
our further proceedings in such manner as will
avoid  t.
Mr. ROBERTSON said, the question to be
met was not whether Congress had power to legis-
late on the subject of slavery within the States
of this Union, as referred to in the resolution of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ingkr-
soll,] but whether it had the power to legislate
within the District of Columbia. He should sup-
port the motion of his honorable colleague [Mr,
Patton] to reconsider, because that would open
a way for meeting the question; and they must
meet it, and must decide it. To use the word of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
on another occasion, they must not " dodge" it,
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia was but the entering wedge to attack the
whole of the institutions of the South. Would
it be contended that the right of exclusive lega-
tion give  to Congress within the ten miles square
was unrestricted' Could Congress pass an ex pott
facto law in the District' Could they confiscate
property? And what was the proposition of the
petitioners but a confiscation of property ' There
was no such authority under the Constitution,
and this was the question by which he wished
the House to be tested. The Government might
confiscate private property, under the Constitu-
tion, for certain purposes, and under certain pro-
visions; but slave property was not of that class.
