1883.
tmt oomtmmmiM glow:
u
Supposing Congress did emancipate the slaves
here, what would they do with them? The Con-
stitution did not empower Congress to acquire
property in slaves. If Congress had power to
abolish'slavery, it had the power to establish
siaverv: the one proposition necessarily followed
the other. Mr. R. then took a review of the act
of cession, under which he denied the right of in-
terference on this subject. He excepted altogether
to the jurisdiction of that House or the other.
After some further remarks, Mr. R. said he hoped
party considerations would notbe brought to bear
upon it, and that the House would adopt a course
that would tranquillize the South.  It was not the
E copie of the South who had brought this fire-
rand into the House, but a small band of ruf-
fians harbored in the North.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,briefly addressed
the House, and said he considered any discussion
on the merits of the question at that time entirely
inexpedient.
Mr. WISE spoke for some time, chiefly an the
constitutional question, that Congress had no
power to legislate on the subject, and gave notice
of his intention to move a resolution to that effect.
Mr. JONES, of Virginia, said he did not rise
to discuss the merits of the proposition which
would be necessarily presented by the petition
now offered to the House; that was what he not
only did not desire todo, but it was what he dare
not do. He designed briefly to assign1 the reasons
which would induce him to reeonsider the Vote
by which, in a moment of inadvertence, that peti-
tion had been sent to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and also to reply to the ob-
jections urged bv gentlemen to the course now ,
proposed to be adopted in reference to that, and '
he hoped all other petitions of the same character. I
He expressed himself grateful to the gentleman '
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingersoll] for the re- ¡
marks he had made this morning. But while he
rendered this tribute to the good feelings and
sympathies of the gentleman, he hoped his own
motives would be duly appreciated by him when
he said he could never consent to entertain ordis-
cuss here the right by which thepeople of the
South held title to their slaves. The great Object
he desired was, to obtain a direct vote upon these
petitions, which continued daily to come in; and
that the solicitude he felt on the subject arose
from a conviction upon his own mind, that noth-
ing but a direct vote would satisfy the members
from the South, or quiet the apprehensions of their
constituents; and deeply as he lamented the neces-
sity which rendered it proper, in the opinion of
the honorable gentleman, to go into this debate—
unwilling as he had always been,so far, to coun-
tenance the views of these misguided, deluded,
and infatuated men, who for years past had been
scattering firebrands among the people of the
South, and who, to accomplish their base pur-
poses , were willing not only to aim a deadly blow
at theirprosperity as apeople,butto peril the lives
of millions, and to endanger theperpetuityofthe
Union—he felt as though he should be unfaith-
ful to the high trust confided to him if he did not
contribute his aid in obtaining a direct vote upon
this all-absorbing question.
But a few days ago there seemed to exist a
unanimity of sentiment upon this deeply interest-
ing subject which had very seldom manifested
itself upon any important question which had
come up for consideration before the Represent-
atives of the people; there was then heard from
all sides of the House a wish expressed, not only
to put down the Abolitionists, but to do it in the
most effectual possible manner; and the great
point of difficulfy was, to determine upon the
mode by which it could be most effectually done.
With one of the modes (Mr. J. said) he
should be satisfied. Promptly to reject these pe-
titions as they were presented, he believed, would
meet the opprobation of southern gentlemen; and
if they, who we're more deeply interested than
all others, regarded that mode of disposing of
them as effectual to the accomplishment of the
great object they had in view, and the people of
the East and of the North really intended, in
good faith, to cooperate with them, (as he be-
lieved they did,) he could perceive no good reason
why the proposition to reject should not be sus-
tained.
It had been said, that gentlemen from the South
were over sensitive, ana disposed to act with too
much precipitation on this subject.   It had also
been contended, that this course of proceeding
was calculated to abridge the great right of peti-
tion; and others there were who thought the only
proper course was to refer them to a committee.
The intimation that this was a subject upon which
the people of the South were sensitive, was just.
The fact could not be disguised, that there existed
throughout the slaveholding States an excitement
which had never been witnessed at any former
period of their history; and strangely indeed must
lie be constituted who could look upon the con-
duet of the Abolitionists, and witness the scenes
to which it had given rise in the South, and not
have his Sensibility wrought up to the very high-
est pitch. Was it not known to every gentleman
upon this floor that numerous abolition societies
had been formed in the  eastern and northern
States—frowned upon,indignantly frcnvned upon,
he believed, by the intelligent, the well-informed,
and respectable portions of these communities—
but could they shut their eyes to the fact, that
these societies existed; that they had gone on to
coHect large sums of money, and had put into
operation printing-presses which were worked by
steam?   Yes, sir, worked by steam, with the open
and avowed object of effecting the immediate ab-
olition of Slavery ih the southern States.   That
by means of these two great revolutionizers of
the world—he meant steam power end the press—
they had caused to be printed, and, by means of
the public mails, circulated throughout the slave-
homing States, large numbers of newspapers,
pamphlets, tracts, and pictures,calculated, in an
eminent degree, to rottse and inflame the passions
of the slaves against their masters, to urge them
on to deeds of death, and to involve them in all
the horrors of a servile war—productions which
(Mr. J. said) he would take upon  himself to
say, were as foul libels upon the people of the
South as were ever printed.    And, as if to add
insult to injury, there were those here who had
the charity to believe that they were influenced
m their conduct by humane and religious mo-
tives.    If, indeed, (said Mr. J.,) this most un-
called-for, officious, and dangerous intermeddling
with the rights of others be dictated by religion,
he would say it was not the religion which was ]
inculcated by the Savior of the world, or taught
by his disciples.                                                        |
j Mr. JONES said he hoped it would 'not be
1 understood by anything he had said, that he was
| in favor of abridging either the freedom of the
press or the freedom of speech; far from it; he
regarded them as the great safeguards to our
republican institutions. There was, however, a
difference between the freedom and the licentious-
ness of the press; and what he objected to was,
the right of these misguided and deluded men to
propagate slander, to instigate murder, to disturb
the peace of States, and to endanger this Union;
and, if persisted in by them, he called upon the
Representatives of the people to interpose, and
stamp their conduct with the seal of their disap-
probation.
But (said Mr. J.) wc have been told by the
gentlemen from New York and Massachusetts,
[Mr. Be amulet and Mr. Adams,] that to vote
to reject this petition #ould be to abridge the right
of the people to petition Congress. He admitted
that to be aright, the free exercise of which was
secured to the people by the Constitution, and he
would be among the last, he hoped the very last,
to lay violent hands upon that sacred instrument;
he had sworn to support it, and, as a Represent-
ative oí the people, support it he would, at every
hazard, for upon it depended the last hope of
freedom throughout the world; and if he could
be satisfied that any constitutional right of the
people was to be invaded by the course he fro-
posed in disposing of that petition, he would be
the first to abandon the position he then occupied.
But (said Mr. J.) in what Consists the right of
petition, if it be not to set forth, in written form,
the grievances ccmrplained of, with a view to pro-
cure uppn then) the action of Congress; and had
not these petitioners already lenjoyed that right?
Did not the proceedings which had taken place
upon this petition furnish the affirmative answer
to the inquiry ?  Had they not petitioned, had not
their petltfftns beert p**#entedbyaWiewtb#Hn hw
place, *ec«rod by fhe House, wad by the Clerk ?
and was Congress not then engaged in endeav-
oring to dispose of it in conformity with rule*
which had been made and adopted for the gov-
ernment of the House; and if it should ever be
disposed of, would not this petition have been so
fully considered, as it could have been, had any
other form of proceeding been adopted?   Mr.
J. said, that when a petition had been presented
to the House, received, and read by the Cleric,
(unless it should be afterwards withdrawn by
the consent of the House,) it became the prop 
erty of the Representatives of the people; they
might refuse to consider it, lay it on the table,
postpone it to a day certain, refer it to the com-
mittee, or, what they had in vain attempted here,
they might f-eject it. Here, then, Were five several
ways in which this petition might legally and
properly be disposed of; and how it was that the
aispositi6rt of it in one of these modes, in prefer-
ence to another, (all of which were prescribed]
by the rules of the House,) was, in any possible
way, to affect the right ef the people to petition
Congress, he was wholly at a loss to comprehend.
But they were told by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that, if these petitions
were sent to a committee, they would there b*
allowed to "sleep the sleep of death;" and that
thereafter we should be troubled with no others
of like character.  Would to God that this assure
anee of the honorable gentleman could be realized;
but they had only to Took to the past history of
their legislation upon that subject to be satisfied
that the expected consinHnatMm, to which he
looked forward, had existence nowhere except in
the fertile imagination of him who conceived it. It
would then be seen that that eourse had been tried
again and again; still these petitions continued t#
flow in upon them, and would continue to do so
so long as they were received and referred to com-
mittees.    What (he inquired) was the object in
referringsubjects to a committee? It was to collect
information which, ih the ordinary course of legis-
lation, could not conveniently be collected in any
other way.    But did this House stand in need of
information upon the subject sought to be brought
to its notice by that petition?   Certainly not.   It
was well understood that it was a subject to which
public attention had been long turned with the
most intense interest; that from the river St. Law-
rence to the Gulf of Mexico the best talents of
the country had been almost everywhere engaged
in its conaideratiottj-and in communicating inform-
ation to the people.   So soon as the excitement
over the country commenced, meeting after meet-
ing was called in the southern States in altnosi
every town and county; discussion after discus-
¡ sion was had before the people; resolution after
¡ resolution adopted, until, like a wave froirt the
ocean, it swept over the whole southern country.
) It resulted in strong appeals to our brethren of the
I North to step forth and aid us in putting down"
! these base attempts upon our ri^htS) our prarperty,
i and our lives.  And it was with mingled emotions
of pride and of pleasure he referred to the fact
that these appeals were not made in vain; they,
too, ¿ailed the people together; meetings were
held throughout the whole eastern and northern
countries; and the measures adopted by those
meetings for a time gave quiet, and, to some
extent, allayed the excitement in the South, and
it was for gentlemen from the North to say Mrhethe 
we may still relyupon their assurances by heartily
coBperating with us in putting this subject to rest
by a direct and decisive vote upon the question.
Mr. J. said it must be obvious, that there could
be no need of further information upon the sub-
ject to enable gentlemen to vote understanding^
upon it.    Why, then, sehd it to a committee?
Was it believed that the report of a committee
was to produce any effect upon the Abolitionists?
Did gentlemen flatter themselves that the spirit
of fanaticism coald be checked by a calm, dispas-
sionate , and logical argument ?   To such he would
recommend to read'the reports of committees
which have been already made on like petitions-,
and he dóabted not but that gentlemen would be
satisfied that no benefit was likely to result front
the adoption of the Same course in reference te
thepetitton before thetrt.   So far from that «6urs«
of proceeding having had a tendency to check
