J88fr      ,n
OTB. C4) N(íiíE«8K)^ U; tíLOBIÍ
4?
not receive the petition ; b«t merely and ü  «ly
and explicitly, that that Houae was «Yerse, ami
would not act upon any such subject. That was
reasonable, and was precisely equivalent to laying
such petitions on the table. Mr. B. believed that
those resolutions would meet the cordial and uni-
vtisal approbation of gentlemen from the North,
except those, if any there were, who would be
disposed to encourage the getting up of these
petitions. The resolutionsdid not touch the power
of the House. It was unquestionable that there
was a strong and fixed sentiment of that House
and of the whole country on thisquestion. Why,
then, permit themselves to change the position
thev had taken, and lnyolre themselves in the ex-
amination of controverted and debatable ground,
and thereby lose the high character the House;
had certainly occupied upon this subject} He,
did hope sincerely that the motion to reconsider
the reference of the petition would be at once
adopted,and that they should either lay it on the
table, or apply the resolutions of the gentleman
from Georgia to it. Pass those resoluüons, and
they will furnish a clear, direct, and unequivocal
expression of the sense of the House that it will
in no event act upon the subject.
Mr. SLADE obtained the floor, and moved an |
adjournment, but withdrew his motion at the re-
quest of
Mr. CAMBRELENG, who, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following amended bill
for that which he yesterday reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means:
A Ml fur the relief of the sufferers by Are in the city of
New York.                                   1
Be it enacted fa/ f Ae Senate and House ef Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the collector of the port of New York be, and he is herebv,
authorized, as he may deem best c-ileulated to secare tlie
interest  of the United States, to cau«e to be extended (with
the assent of the sureties thereon, to all persons who have
Buffered loss of prop rty by the late couflaf ration at that
place) the trine ot payment of all bonds heretofore given for
duties as aforesaid, to periods not exceeding three, four,
and five years lrom and after the day of payment specified
in the bonds; or to allow the said bonds to he canceled,
upon giving to the said collector new bonds, with one or
more sureties, to the satisfaction of the said collector, fbr
the sums of tlie former bonds, respectively payable in three,
four, and five years from and alter the day of payment
specified in the bonds to be taken up, or canceled as afore-
said. And the -aid collector is hereby authorized and di-
rected to give up or cancel aJl^oeh bonds upon the receipt
of others described in this act, which last mentioned bonds
shall be proceeded with, in all respects, like other bonds
which are taken by collectors fur dutie  due to the United
States- Provided, haweier, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall extend to bonds which had fallen due before
the 17th day of the present month.
SscTtos 2. And be U further enacted by the autlwrUy
aforesaid, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to transfer to sqeh banks
as he may select, as safe depositories of the public treasure,
a y surplus moneys of the Government, or any part thereof,
which may uot be required for Ihe public serviee, and to
permit the same to remain in such banks for a period not
exceeding twelve months from the passage of this act:
Provided, That this: section shall not interfere with any fur-
ther regulation of Congress concerning the collection, am-
pout, distribution, or disbursement of the puoUc moneys.
Mr. CAMBRELENG gave notice that he
should on Thursday next ask the House to take
up and consider said bill.
Or. motion by Mr. SLADE, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 23, 1835.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
the heirs and legal representatives of the late
General Lord Stirling, praying compensation for
the revolutionary services of the deceased. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of the'
legal representatives of Daniel Van Pelt, of North
Carolina; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. TOML1NSON presented the petition of
Commodore Isaac Hull; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
G. Bentley; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of Wil-
liam M. Steele and others; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the petition
of Thomas Aspinwail, United States Consul at
London; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Petitions were further presented by Mesarri,
HENDRICKS, KENT, SOUTHARD, DAVIS,
and CALHOUN.
On motion by Mr. RUGGLES, the petition of
sundry inhabitants of Thomastown, Maine, and
othet plaoes, praying for the construction of a
breakwiiter, was again referred to the Committee
a  Commerce.
, On motion by Mr. ROBINSON, the petition
of a bank of Illinois, on the files of the last ses-
sion, was again referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.                 u
1   RESOLUTIONS.
% Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolv'ctl, That the Committee on Military Áffaiis be in-
structed to inquire what number of floating steam batteries
are necessary tor the defense of the Chesapeake and Dela-
vpire bays, and the harbor of New York, together with thi
estimate of the probable cost ot the same, and to report fue
result to the Senate                                                 ,
Mr. GRUNDY submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post OrBc  and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedient of
reducing into one act all the laws establishing po-t roads
and post routes within the United States and tlie Temto-
nes thereof.
president's message.
' On motion by Mr.' D^AVIS, it was
ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to commercial affairs, be referred to the Committee
«a Commerce.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, it was                 I
Orietei, That so much, of the President's message as re-
lates to military affairs, be interred to the Committee on
Military Affiun.
On motion by Mr. KENT, it was                      I
Oritsti, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the District of Columbia, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.                                , '
BILLS INTRODUCED.                        !
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced the fol-
lowing bills; -which were severally read, And or-
dered to a second reading:                                    i ■■■   j
A b fl providing for the increase of the corps !
of the United States engineers; and
A bit! granting a certain quantity of land to the !
State of Missouri, for purposes of internal im-
provements.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of notice given, asked
and obtained leave, and introduced the following
bills; which were severally read and Ordered to a
second reading:
A bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher, the
heir and legal representative of Bartholomew
Butcher, Michael Butcher, and Peter Bloomfield;
and
A bill for the relief of Jtfsoph Herteck.
Mr. TOMLINSON, on leave!, introduced a bill
for the relief of Walter Loom is and Abel €foy;
which was read twice and referred.                     '
¡REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a. bill for the relief of James
Barren; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
NOTICE OF Bttx.         '    "'
Mr. ROBINSON gave notice that he would
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to create
an additional land office in the State of Illinois.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolutions lyin<* on the table, submitted
by Messrs. Southard, Linn, and Prentiss, were
severally considered and adopted—the latter hav-
ing been first modified by the mover.
NEWSPAPERS FOR SENATORS.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Robbini rela
tive to the supply of members with newspapers,
came up for consideration, when
Mr. KING, of Georgia, objected that the reso-
lution, being for an expenditure of money out of
the contingent fund, could only, consistently with
the rules of the Senate, be introduced after one
day's notice. Mr. King referred to, and read the
rule applying to the case.
After some remarks to the same effect, and a
few words from Mr. Robbins, the Chair decided
TT-3B
1 that ene day'* previous notice must be given,
'j and Mr. R&ews  gave notice accordingly.
ElECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for a Chap*
Iain, and the ballotings resulted as follows:
Fiisi BalM.—Mr. Htgby, 12; Harrison, 12¡
Fisk,9; Stockton,2; Palfrey.2; Post, 1; Reed, 1.
Sec*nd Ballet.—Mr. Harrison, 16; Higby, 15;
Fisk, 5; Stockton, 1; Palfrey, 1.
" Third Ballot.-Mr. Higby, 23; Harrison, 14;
blank, 1.
Mr. Higby, having a majority of the whole
(lumber of votes'gtven, was declared to be duly-
elected.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wemíesdat, Deetmbtr 23, 1835.
I • Mil- ADAMS (by coneefht of Mr. Sladb, wh 
was entitled to the floor on the first question be-
fore the House) referred to the message af the
Piwsident of the United States on the subject of
the northern boundary of the State of Ohio. It
woUld be recollected that this subject had been
referred, ten days ago, to a seieet committee, at
his instance, and die Speaker had done him the
honor to appoint him chairman of that commit--
tee. Subsequently, -.iraotiou hod been made to
reconsider the Tote referring the matter to a select
committee. He presumed it was in consideration
of this motion to reconsider, that the Clerk had
not placed those papers in'his possession. His
object m rising-was w giva notice that, unless the
question of reconsideration was taken up and dis*
posed of to-day, he should feel k to be his duty
to call the1 committee together to-morrow, for the
purpose of considering the subject referred to it.
SLAVÜRY IN'THE DfSTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Patton, to reconsider the vote
referring to the Committee for the District of
Columbia a petition, presented by Mr. Briggs,
from sundry citizens of Massachusetts, praying
Congress to abplish slavery within the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SLADÉ said he wished to come up to
the subject, and investigate it fully, in order to
represent what were the views of his own con-
stituents on this subject. He was sorry to hear
these memorialists designated as intermeddlers',
and gentlemen who were themselves the repre-
sentatives of constituents who entertained simi-
lar opinions to these petitioners, wished to avoitj
the question. He was surprised to hear those
gentlemen advocate the laying these petitions on
the table. The proposition of the gentlemen of
the South, much as he was opposedto it, was a
better one, because it was direct, namely, to re-
ject them; iind that of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] to refer them to the
Committee: for the district of Columbia, where
they would be buried in the " tomb of the Cap-
ulets," was also objectionable, because it did
not meet the question. Mr. S. said, for himself
he was in favor of the prayer of the petition.
The petitioners first wished the abolition of sla-
very within the District; so did he. They de-
sired to abolish the slave trade in the District,
and so did he. He was not, however, in favor
of the immediate and unqualified abolition of
slavery within the District, because he believed
it impracticable; and to seek it would defeat the
very object he and those who concurred with
him desired. He believed there was no right
of one man to hold another as property, and
that the exercise of such power ought every-
where to cease; but the work should be done
gradually. The States of the Union owed obli-
gations to the African race; and it was their duty
to prepare them for a state of emancipation and
freedom. They were bound to enact laws for
this purpose. He was an anti-Mason and an
Abolitionist on this principle, and always should
be. Ha was, hoover,, in favor of an immediate
abolition of the sktve trade within the District of
Columbia. He said the sentiments of the people
of the North had. not been fairly described by
gentlemen who had addressed the House. Gen-
tlemen were altogether mistaken on this subject
It was not a few miserable fanatics, as had beer
