48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                     December 2a
asserted; and the srentleman from New Hamp-
shire fMr. PtERcr] was equally mistaken m
thinking that not one out of the hundred of the I
people there were in favor of this object. There
wa- a full and deep feehn? among the people at
thi North. TuMie meetings had been reterred
to. Those moetiiurs (.Mr. S. said) applied only
to the abolition of slavery generally, and not in
this Di.-tnet. As proof of this he referred to
die Boston resolutions. Mr. S. then referred to
the clause in the Constitution of the United
States, emng Congres  the neht of exclusive
jurisdiction, and was understood to contend that
that clause involved the entire jurisdiction, and
as such the n?ht of Congress to legislate on the
subject of slavery here. Had it not been for the
denuaciatory language used by the Abolitionists,
of land-pirate and kidnapper, applied to the peo-
ple of the South, he did not know but that he
should hare been an Abolitionist himself oa the
whole question. He believed slavery an evil,
and one that ought to be abolished, and that
would eventually be abolished everywhere. Mr.
S. requested that the petition presented at a former
period, from eleven hundred citizens of the Dis-
trict, praying for the abolition of slavery and the
«lave trade therein, should be read from the
Clerk's table.
Mr. GLASCOCK said, he should object to the
reading of that and all other petitions on the
subject, unless the gentleman used it as a part
of his argument.
Mr. BLADE replied that he intended so to use
it: but, feeling exhausted, he wished it read by
the Clerk.
Mr. GLASCOCK then withdrewhisobjection,
and consented to the reading as aa act of ootu>
tesy to the gentleman.
The petition was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. PATTON inquired whether the gentleman
from Vermont could inform him how many of
die signers were slaveholders ?
Mr. GARLAND would make a further inquiry
whethpr the gentleman knew if they were inhabit-
ants of the District'
Mr. SLADE referred to the names of some of
the signers, but said the onus of proof on the
question put to him was on the other side.
Mr. S. then proceeded to contend that Con-
gress, under the Constitution, had the power to
legislate on this subject. The people of the Dis-
trict, by the act of session, were transferred to
Congress, and were placed precisely in the posi-
tion to it that the people of the States were to
their State Legislatures. Congress had the same
power, and were kept within the same restrictions
as the latter. It had been said that there were
other restrictions contained in the acts of cession
from Maryland and Virginia. Mr. S. had care-
fully examined those acts, and found no such re-
strictions in them.orinany clattses of the grants.
The very question under consideration was not
restricted, and this was proved from the fact that
exceptions or restrictions were to be found in the
act of cession from Virginia, but not a word
about the subject of slavery. What a condition
were the people of the District in, if Congress
had not the power to legislate on the subject!
The State of Maryland had no power. The
State of Virginia could not relieve them; and if
those two States should ever see fit to abolish
slavery within their limits, here it must forever
remain, although every citizen of the District pe-
titioned for relief. There were now about six
thousand slaves in the District; there might then
be sixty thousand slaves, and so they must con-
tinue. Mr. S. referred also to the debate in the
Virginia Legislature, where numbers of the Del-
egates advocated the gradual abolition of slavery
in that State, and quoted some comments, pending
the discussion, of the editor of the Richmond
Enquirer, wherein it was stated to be a great and
growing evil, and one that must be met. The
article would be found in Niles 's Register, January
14th, 1832.
Mr. S. also quoted an article from the Rich-
mond Whig of the 5th of March in the same
year; from the United States Telegraph of last
summer, to be found in Duff Greene prospectus
for the publication of the Examiner in Washing-
ton ; from the report of the committee of the Synod
of Kentucky.
Mr. S. said one of the objections he had heard
strongly insisted on was, that abolition had a ten-
dency to disturb the balance of the Constitution.
He contended that the balance was disturbed on
the other side by the gradual increase of the evil
of slavery. It would not be long before the rep-
resentation of the slaveholding States would far
outweigh the proportions settled under the Con-
stitution; and this was not through the relative
increase of the white, but of the black population.
The increase of the white population in Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia,
from 1790 to 1830, was 84 per cent., while that of
the slave population, in the same States, during tha
same period, w as 136 per cent., and that in South
Carolina, during the same period, the increase of
the whites was 94, while that of the slaves was
194J per cent. This fact, he contended, would
show that the progress of abolition was necessary
to preserve the balance of the Constitution, or
rather to restore it, for it had been already dis-
turbed by the purchase of Louisiana.
Mr. S. concluded by recommending that the
House send all these petitions to a special com-
mittee who should investigate the whole subject,
and make a report, which should be discussed in
the House, and go forth to the country. The
question could no more be blinked now than they
could put forth their hand and obscure the sun at
noon-day.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, addressed the
House at some length, in reply to Mr. Slade,
and in favor of the House giving a more direct
and decisive vote on the question than that indi-
cated by the motion to lay petitions of this char-
acter on the table. Mr. G. also went into the
constitutional question, and reviewed the acts of
cession from Virginia and Maryland. Mr. G-.
was in favor of not receiving or rejecting the
petition, and contended that nothing less than that
motion would restore the peace and tranquillity
of the South.
When Mr. Garland concluded, several gentle-
men rose; but Mr. Mann,of New York, obtained
the floor, his right to which was contested on the
ground that he had already addressed the House
on the subject.
The SPEAKER decided that, if the fact was
as stated, the gentleman could not, under the
rules, again address the House until every other
member who chose to do so had spoken.
Mr. MANN stated his object to be to Make a
motion, which he would do without accompany-
ing it with the remarks which he had intended.
After some conversation upon the point of
order,
The SPEAKER decided that the- gentleman
from New York was entitled to the floor, if tus
only object was W make a distinct motion.
Mr. MANN then moved the previous question,
the effect of which wds to preclude further dis-
cussion on the question of reconsideration.
The motion to reconsider was seconded—aye*
104, noes 79.
The question, " Shall the main question be now
put?" was then propounded.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. CljiJtpn Allan, Anthony, Ashley, Beale,
Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, Bockee, Bond, Borden, Bovee,
Boyd, Brown, Buetianau, Bunch, Burns, CambretenV Carr,
Carter, Casey, George Chambers, John Chambers, Chaney,
Chapman, Chapín, Cleveland, Coffee, Cole*, Connor, Craig,
Cramer, Crane, Cushman, Davis, Deberry, Dickersm,
Doubleday, Dunlap, Effner.Fairneld,Farlm,Forester,Fry,
PhiloC. Fuller, William K. Fuller,Galbraith, Gillet,Graves,
Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hannegan, Hard, Haram, Sam-
uel 8. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Haynes, Henderson,
Hopkins, Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ing-
ham, Jabez Jackson, Jarvj*, Joseph Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson, Cave Johrreon, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Judson, Keonon, Krfgore, Kinnard, Kltngensmth, Lane,
Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Liy, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee,
Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Logan. Lucas, Lvon,
Abíjate Mann, Job Ma n, Martin, John Y. Mason, William
Mason, Moses Mason, Sampson Mason, Maury, May, Mc-
Kennon, McKeon, McKim, Miller, Montgomery, Muhlen-
berg, Owens, Page, Patterson, Franklin Pierce, Dutee J.
Pearee, Peyton, Phelps, Phillip , Pinckney, Bencher, Job 
Reynold!, Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Bclwnek, Seymour,
Augustine H. Sheppetd, Shields, Shorn, Smith, Spangler,
Sprague, Standifer, Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor,
Thomas J. Thomson, Toncey, Towns, Tamil, Vamlerpoe!,
Vinton, Wagener, Ward, Weeks, and Lewi  WiBiams—
NAY'S—Messrs. John Q. Adams, Heñían Allen, Bailey,
Bell, Bouldin, Bnggs, John CaRloon, William B. Calhoun,
Campbell, Child , Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Gushing,
Denny, Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Fowler, John Garland,
Rice Garland, Glascock, Graham, Granger, Grayson, Grcn-
nr!I, Griffin, Hiiand Hall, Hammond, Harlan, Harper. Haz-
eltuie, Hoar, Holsey, Howell, Hunt, Ingersoll, William
Jackson, Janes,Henry Johnson. Lawrence, Lincoln, Love,
Loyall, McComas., McKay, Mercer, Milligan, Morris, Par-
ker, Parks, Patton, James A. Pearce, Pcttigrcw, Pickens,
Potts, Reed, Riplev, Robertson, Roger , Russell,William B.
Shepard, Slade, Waddy Thompson, Underwood, Washing-
ton, Webster, White, Whittlesey, Siierrod Williams, and
Wise—71.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion be now put.
Mr. WHITTLESEY asked for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and were as follows:
YEAS—Mesare. Anthony, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Bell,
Bockee, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Bunch, Burns,
John Calhoon, Cambrrlcng, Campbell, Carter, John
Chambers, Chaney, Chapman, Chapm, Claiborne, Cleve-
land, Coffee, Coles, Conner, Craig, Cramer, Cushman,
Davis, Deberry, Dtckerson, Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dun-
lap, Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, Forester, Fowler, French,
William K. Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Gar-
land, Gilret, Glascock, Graham, Grayson, Griffin, Haley,
Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hammond, Hannegan, Samuel 8.
Harrison, Albert G. Harrison. Haynes, Holsey, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez
Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Judson,
Kennon, Kiigore, Kinnard, Klingensmith, Lane, Lansing,
Lawier, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Luke
Lea, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, AbijauMann,
John Mann, Martin, William Mason, John Y. Mason, Moses
Mason, Maury, May, McComasJVlcKay, McKeon,McKim,
Mercer, Miller, Montgomery, Muhlenburg, Owens, Page,
Parks, Patterson, Patton, Franklin Pierce, James A. Pearce,
Pettigrew, Phelps, Pickens, Pinckney, Rencher, John Rey-
nolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Robertson, Rogers,
Schenck, Seymour, William n. Shepard, Augustine H.
Soepperd, Shields, Shinn, Smith, Spangler, Standifer,
Taliaferro, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, William
Thompson, Toucey, Towns, Turnll, Vanderpoel, Wag-
ener, Ward, Washington, Weeks, White, Lewis Wil-
liams, Sherrod, Williams, and Wise—148.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Ileman Allen,
Ashley, Bailey, Beaumont, Bond, Borden, Brigg , Buchan-
an, William B. Calhoun, Carr, Casey, George Chambers,
Clulds, Clark, Corwin, Crane, Cushing, Denny, Evans.
Everett, Philo C. Fuller, Granger, Graves, Greuneii, Hiiand
Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Hazelüne, Hoar,
Howell, Hunt, Ingersoll, William Jackson, Janes, Benja-
min Jones,Laporte, Lawreiice,Lay,Lincoln, Love-Samp-
son Mason, McCartv, McKennan, Milligan,Morris, Parker,
Dutee J. Pearce, Pott , Keed, Russell, Slade, Sprague,
Storer, Underwood, Vinton, Webster, and Whittles.ey—-<>2.
So it was decided that the vote referring the
petition to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia be reconsidered.
Mr. OWENS rose and moved to lay the peti-
tion on the table, stating that, when the States
were called for resolutions, he should then sub-
mit those he had read to the House a few days
ago. Mr. O. also gave notice that he should
make « similar motion to the present on all peti-
tions arid memorials of a like character to the
one before the House.
Mr. WISE then moved to reject the petition.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out
of order.
Mr. WISE then asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay oa the table, which was decided in tire affirm-
ative; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Anthony, Ashley, Beale,
i Bean, Beardsley, BeadaiOrtt, Bell, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin,
l Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Buchanan, Bunch, Burns, Cambre-
leng, Carr, Casey, George Chambers, Chaney, Chapman,
Chapin, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Conner, Corwin, Craig,
Cramer, Crane, Cushman, Davis, Deberry, Dickersnn,
Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Effner, Fairfield, Farlin,
Forester, Fowler, French, Fry, Philo C. Fuller, William
K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet, Graves, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hamer, Hannegan, Hardin, Harlan, Samuel S. Harrison,
Albert G. Harrison, Haynes, Henderson, Holsey, Hopkins,
Howard, Howell, Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman, Inger-
soll, Ingham, Joseph Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson,
Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Jud-
son, Kennon, Kiigore, Kinnard, Klingensmith, Lane, Lan-
sing, Laporte, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee,
Leonard, Logan, LoyaH, Lncas, Abijnli Mann, Job Mann,
Mam , John Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses Mason,
Sampson Mason, May, McKav, McKeon, McKim, Mer-
cer, Mdler, Montgomery, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Par-
ker, Parks, Patterson, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, PhiHips,
Pinckney, Rencaer, Joha Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds,
Ripley, Roane, Schenck, Seymour, Augustine H. Sheppcrd,
Shields, Shinn, Smith, Spangler, Stan^i&r, Storer, Suther-
land, Taliaferro, Tavlor, Thomas, John Thompson, Tou-
eey, TurrilL, Underwood, VanoVrpoel, Vinton, Wagener,
Ward, Washington, Webster, Weeks, Lewis Williams,
and Sherrod Wiiuams->14a.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Bailey, Bond.
Borden, Briggs, John Cíalhoon, William B. Calhoun,Camp-
bell. John Chaiatstt, CluMs, Claiborne, Clark, Gosling,
Dehay, Evans, Everett, James Garland, fiioe Garland,
Glatcock, flrahain, Granger, Grayson, Grenuell, Griffin,
Hiiand Hall, Hammond, Hard, Harper, Hazeftuip, Hoar,
