50
TAB CONQJRE^IONAC O
_^;_i^-S_2—-
Now thisfirs7wednesday of March next !j now stands. The day of adjournment being fixed,
...MOW, tills 1115>l  Hunauo)      ____       ____       i         :„„„„„._,,1,| 1,„ .1,.,„,„1   n r fnwni-o tntlintdav.
ífebember 24,
v -—r----Sr^
Hon.    ^.~..,-----........—      ,.   „      ,   ,        -
(said Mr. H.) happened to be the fourth day of
March, 176*9; and thus is the only reason why the  ^
fourth day of March, in every ot'ier year, has  j
ever since" been sanctioned by usage and custom
as the commencement of the congressional term,
and the reason why the previous day, the third of
March, has been considered the close of the term.
And here he remarked, that in this view of the
subject, the delicacy felt by many members in  ■
protracting the sessions of the 3d of March be-
yond midnight was without any good reason;
for, taking it for granted that the congressional
term of two years commenced on the fourth of
March, the two years would not expire till the
same hour of the day on the 4th in which the
first Congress of 1789 was opened.    The truth
is, (said Mr. H.,) the Constitution says nothing
about the 4th of March as the commencement of
the term, nor does any law save the resolution
of the old Congress, before referred to.    The  ,
Constitution merely says, that "The House of
Representatives shall be composed of members
chosen every second year by the people."   And
in reference to the meeting of Congress, or the
commencement of the  session, it  says: "That
the Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meetings shall be on   the  first
Monday in December, unless they shall, by law,
appoint a different day;" and on these subjects
it says nothing more."   It is obvious, then, that
the whole subject is open for legislation.   Con-
gress cannot, indeed, say that the congressional
term of two years shall hereafter commence at
an earlier day than the 4th  of March, because
that would infringe upon the constitutional term
of the Congress in being when the arrangement
should commence; but Congress can say, that
the commencement of the term shall be on any
subsequent day, and that the session shall com-
mence at any time thought to be most convenient.
The power, then, of regulating these matters by
law being unquestionable, the propriety and neces-
sity of doing so is scarcely less certain.    I have r
said that the increasing length of the long sessions
has become an evil which ought to be remedied.
For proof of this, it is only necessary to look back
a few years upon our Journals for the dates of our
adjournments.   During the last session, I pro-
cured (said Mr. H.) to be made out a statement,
showing the commencement and termination, and
■ the number of days in each session of Congress
held under the present Constitution.     A refer-
ence  to  this statement will  show, that in the '
history of this Government, in times of peace,
there has been no session at all equal to the long
business would be shaped in reference to that day,
and much less time would be uselessly disposed of.
I will not, however, further pursue these remarks,
but will content myself for the present with offer-
ing a resolution on the subject, and with moving
that the statement referred to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS then submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of fixing, by law,
the time of the cimuneneement and close of every succeed-
ing session ot Congress.
Mr. WEBSTER said, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hendricks] had stated very correctly
the manner in which the 3d of March had been
originally fixed upon as the time for adjourn-
ment. The first Wednesday of March happened
to be on the fourth day of the month, and it so
happened that six years for Senators, and two
years for members "from the 4th of March was
fixed upon as the period or term of their service
by common understanding. He had no doubt
of the authority of Congress to alter the time of
adjournment, but the alteration of the present
arrangement, so far as regarded fixing a day cer-
tain for closing the session, might be a question
of expediency. Some of the State Legislatures
might in that case have to change the time of their
meeting. He thought the great object of the gen-
tleman might be come at, by fixing an earlier
period for the commencement of the session—say
the 1st of September. If a law could be passed
which would fix the convening of both sessions
at an earlier day, it would,in some measure, ob-
viate the great evils resulting from the procrasti-
nated length of the sessions.
Mr. CLAYTON observed that this subject had
been referred to the Judiciary Committee at the
Í last session, and although the reference had been
1 made at a very late period of the session, yet it
, had received, as far as circumstances permitted,
i the consideration of the committee. The greatest
! difficulty that this subject presented had not been
I referred to by the Senators from Indiana or Mas-
! sachusetts, and could not be obviated by making
the sessions commence at an earlier day, because
¡ the constitutions of some of the States have pro-
! vided that their elections shall be hold in Novem-
! ber. The committee had been in some doubt
; how they could, consistently, with the provisions
i in the constitutions of some of the States, fix an
j earlier day for the meeting of Congress than the
\ 1st of December. He was in favor of the refer-
ence of the subject to the Judiciary Committee,
because, (said he,) when we have it under consid-
sessions of the last two Congresses—the sessions  ¡ eration, gentlemen from the different States can
which terminated in 1832 and 1834.    The session
of 1812, when war was declared, was a few days j
longer than that of 1832-, but the tetter was much ,
longer than any other session during the war.
The long session of 1798, during our troubles with
France, was the longest session since the ad op- ¡
tion of the Constitution.    That, ana' the one just
mentioned, of 1812, are the only sessions of greater
length than that of 1832; and these and one other,
that of 1790, are the only sessions as long as that
of 1834.    The long sessions since the last war
have all terminated in April and May, except the
last two.
There is, Mr President, much evil in this tend-
ency to perpetuate parliaments. Wtr all know
that they are not needed on account of legislative
business; for the statute-books, the Journals, and
our documents show that during a short session
lis much useful business is generally done as in a
long one. High party times, such as we have had
for years past, and such as existed in 1798, give
occasion for long sessions. Such times have a tend-
ency to protract the sessions that arc not limited
by law, but whether for good or for evil, is very
questionable. Such times, and such sessions, are
not well calculated to throw oil upon the troubled
waters; and party broils and national discords are
generally heightened, and often engendered, by
lengthy and excited discussion  here. A law,
then, that would fix the termination of every regu-
lar session, giving time enough for all useful dis-
cussion and legislative deliberation, is, as I believe,
greatly to be desired. The necessary business
would then all be done, and probubly with much
more certainty and accuracy than a  the matter
give us information as to the laws of their respect-
ive States fixing* the periods of their elections.
He, was not opposed to the inquiry. He had
only adverted to the difficulties in the way.
The resolution was then agreed to.
THOMAS F. GORDON.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Thomas F. Gordon.
WRITS OF ERROR.
Mr. PRESTON, from the same committee, re-
ported the bill concerning writs of error in the
courts of the United States; which was read.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned over to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 24, 1835.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted a resolution for the election of
Chaplain by the House, at one o'clock this day;
which was agreed to.
CONSTITUTION OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, asked the unanimou s
consent of the House to take up and dispose of
the message of the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of the constitution and other
documents emanating from a convention in Mich-
igan, in reference to the formation of a State gov-
ernment of said Territory.
The unanimous consent of the House having
been obtained,
Mr. M. remarked, when the subject was Jast
before the House, there -were three different prop-
ositions presented to its consideration. He had
moved that the message of the President of the
United States, with the accompanying documents
on this subject, be referred to a select committee;
the gentleman fromOhio [Mr. Hamer] hnd moved
its reference to the select committee already raised
on the subject of the northern boundary of Ohio;
and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.Howard]
moved its reference to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
For himself, (Mr. M. said,) he had no disposi-
tion on the subject. Ho believed, however, that
it was very important the subject be speedily acted
upon by Congress. He had taken the trouble to
examine the Journals of the House, in regard to
former applications of a similar character; and he
had found, without exception, that the course had
been to refer all such applications to a select com-
mittee. That was the reason which induced him
to make the motion he had. He had the whole
of the precedents before him, including every
State admitted into the Union from the foundation
of the Government. He would again remark, that
he had himself no disposition on the subject, but
he presumed there was a disinclination on the part
' of the mover that the subject should go to a sep-
arate and select committee. Mr. M. then stated
it as his belief that the two subjects' ought to be
kept separate and distinct, if possible; but, if it
met the pleasure of the House,he should be per-
fectly willing to refer it to the Committee on the
Territories, merely remarking that such had been
the usage of the House in former instances.
It was true, that in every other case, there had
been no conflicting claims; and that circumstance,
perhaps, might make an exception to the general
: rule heretofore pursued with regard to the subject.
He hoped the House, however, would promptly
refer it either to the one committee or the other,
in order that the sense of the House might be
| speedily ascertained, and the question settled in a
| way satisfactory to all parties.
i     Mr. HAMER then withdrew his motion to
refer the subject to the same committee' to which
the message and documents on  the   northern
boundary of Ohio had been referred.
Mr. H. remarked, that in withdrawing his
motion his principal object was to present an-
. other question to the House. Ho desired that
this whole subject should go to the Judiciary
Committee, in order to arrive at a fair expression
of the sense of the House. He therefore moved
that this matter be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. STOKER said, if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] would permit the pending
question of reconsideration of the vote, referring
the President's message on the subject of the
northern boundary of Ohio, to be first disposed
of, he would interpose no objection to the wishes
of the gentleman in regard to the reference of the
other document.
Mr. MASON said, he would merely suggest to
the House that the two subjects were distinctand
independent questions.
The SPEAKER stated the motion first in order
would be the reference to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. VINTON hoped the motion of his col-
league [Mr. Hamer] would be adopted, though
he had no distrust of any of the other commit-
tees named. It was not because he had any ob-
jection to the Committee on the Territories, but
because he thought it a question that peculiarly
belonged to the Judiciary Committee. This ques-
tion came before the House in a shape different
from that which had been presented by the case
of any other State or Territory to the House,
applying for admission into the Union. In all
other cases, except that of Tennessee, which
stood upon peculiar circumstances, the admis-
sion had been upon a law of Congress previ-
ously passed, prescribing the boundaries of the
country, and directing the manner in which the
convention should be elected; prescribing, in
short, all the details preparatory to the admis-
sion, so that, when the constitution came back to
Congress, in pursuance of the law, nothing re-
mained to be done but to see that the requisites of
the law had been complied with.   In all former
