ó2
THE CONGRESSIONAL' &LÓBE.
December 28,
and papers of Noah Brown, and the heirs of Adam
Brown, on the files of the last session, were again
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Manchester, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for an appropriation for rhe improvement of
the harbor of that place;' which- was referred to
the .Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the memorial of
.Samuel Hurlbut, legal representative of Captain
George Hurlbut-, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
air. NILES presented the petition of the heirs
of Colonel William Douglas, of Connecticut, and
of Colonel William Bond, of Massachusetts;
which were referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, presented the petition
of George Crawford and Stephen Jones; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.  ,
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Maine, praying that an appropri-
ation may be made for the improvement of the
harbor of Owl's Head; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUGGLES also presented two petitions,
one from sundry citizens of Augusta, and one
from sundry citizens of Thomastown, Maine,
praying for the establishment of new post-routes;
which "were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. NAUDAIN, the petition
and papers of Doctor Boyd Riley, praying Con-
gress to purchase the right to use his improve-
ment for the application of vapour to the human
body, presented at the last session, was referred
to a select committee, consisting of Messrs. Nae-
dain, Kent, Linn, Grundy, and Robinson-.
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
memorial of the Legislature of the State of Ala-
bama, on the subject of the dividing line between
that State and Georgia, was again referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Alexandria, District of Columbia,
numerously signed, on tho subject of the finan-
cial condition of that town.
The petitioners state, (said Mr. B.,) that the
corporate authorities of Alexandria had, to say
the least of it, greatly mismanaged the affairs of
the town, and that the town had been involved
in difficulties and debts beyond its ability to pay,
a state of things bearing hard on the middling
and industrious classes. The petitioners prayed
to be relieved from their Holland debt, and for
such other relief in their embarrassments as Con-
gress, in its wisdom, might see fit to grant. Mr.
B. presumed that this petition had beon put into
his hand in consequence of some remarks he
made a few days ago on the subject of the Dis-
■ trict banks, a kindred subject, referring to the
embarrassed financial condition of this ten miles
square, created, as he believed, by great misman-
agement. It was n6t for him to say anything
in aggravation of the case set out by the petition-
ers. They were, some of them, no doubt, known
to some of tho members of the Committee on the
District, who would inquire into allthe circum-
stances referred to in the memorial. He would
move to refer the petition to the Committee for the
District of Columbia; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Clay county, Missouri, on the subject
of Indian Affairs; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Also, the petition of William Moss, of Mis-
souri, on tho subjectol'certaaiprivaícland claims;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
J_,and Claims.
Petitions   were   also   prcpcnted   by  Messrs.
CHITTENDEN  and PORTER, from persons
whose names were not heard.
REPORT OP COMMISSIOKER OF  PENSIONS.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the War Department, transmitting a report from
the Commissioner of Pensions, made in compli-
ance with the resolution of the Senate of the 29th
May, 1830; and,       ■    ■
On motion of Mr. TOMLINSON, it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr. WRIGHT said he was charged with the
presentation of a memorial on behalf of the citi-
zens of the city of New York, and moro espe-
cially in behalf of that portion of those citizens
who were sufferers by the late conflagration in
that city. Consequent upon that unexampled
calamity a public meeting of the citizens of the
city was called, and a committee of one hundred
and twenty-five persons,' distinguished'for their
standing, was appointed to preparen memorial to
Congress for such relief as it might be supposed
Congress could afford. The memorial he held
had proceeded from that committee, and was
signed by its chairman.
Mr. W. said the memorial was too long to au-
thorize him to ask for its reading at the Secre-
tary's table, and he would, therefore, state, in
the condensed language of the memorial itself, the
relief prayed for, which was as follows:
1.  A remission or lefunding of duties on goods m original
packages, which have been destroyed by the late conflagra-
tion.
2.  An extension of credit on all the existing bonds for
duties payable m tin* city, and falling due after the 16th of
thi3 month.
3.  Ageneial tempo} ary extension of tho time of payment
of cash, and other dunes on goods imported into the United
States subsequent to the 16th of tins month.
4.  An inv05tm?nt of a portion of tho unappropriated sur-
plus revenue of the United States, at such periods and in
such manner as will afford relief to tile city of New Vork.
These (Mr. W. said) were the specific modes
of relief prayed form the memorial. It was not
his purpose to consider them at this time; but he
felt it to be a duty he owed to his colleague and
himself, upon the presentation of this memorial,
to trouble the Senate with a single remark. This
signal calamity upon a very numerous and most
important portion of their immediate constituents
had not been unnoticed by them, or failed to
excite their most lively anxieties, but upon full
deliberation they had believed that they, as the
immediate representatives of the State in this body,
should best discharge their duties here, and best
consult the interests of those who had suffered,
to wait any action, so far as action of Congress
might be expected, until the specific wishes of
those immediately concerned, and therefore most
competent to specify their wants, should be made
known. That had now been done in the memo-
rial he held in his hand, and he most cheeifully
communicated those wishes to the Senate. For
the single reason assigned, and for no other, his
colleague and himself, up to this time, had re-
mained silent upon this important subject, and
had not made any proposition, or in any shape
brought the matter to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. W. then moved that the memorial, with-
out a reading, be referred to the Committee on
Finance, and that the same be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER said that the memorial pre-
sented by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wright] went into questions of right and ex-
pediency.    All the specific requests contained.in
the memorial were certainly such as deserved the
prompt and serious action of Congress.   For one,
! he "would express an opinion in relation to the last
1 specific remedy mentioned in the memorial.    He
i looked upon that as the most ready and effieacious
j remedy.   They all knew there was a surplus rev-
! cnue in the Treasury.    By this distribution of
! the funds asked for, an equitable relief would be
afforded.   The most effectual remedy at present
' was to make the money market easy.
The memorial was then referred to the Com-
; mittec on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Í               REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
!     Mr. SOUTHARD,from the Committee on Na-
i val Affairs, to which the subjects had severally
\ been referred, reported the following bills; which
i were road and ordered to a second reading:
1     A bill for the relief of Henry B. Tyler, execu-
| tor of Colonel Richard B. Smith, deceased;
j     A bill providing for the settlement of the ac- j
Í counts of Michael Hogan, deceased;                       ,
¡     A bill to fix- the compensation of certain clerks \
i in the Navy Department; and
i     A bill for the relief of Commodore Isaac Hull.
!     Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
i nance, to which had been referred the memorial
| of Doctor James T. Barclay, of Virginia, on the
I subject, reported a joint resolution, directing that
certain experiments be made-at the Mint'of the
United States, under the direction of the said
Doctor Barclay, with a view to an improvement
of the gold coins of the United States; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the'Committee on
Finance, to which the memorial on the subject
had been referred,-reported a bill for the relief of
the owners of the brig Despatch and cargo; which
was read, and ordered to-á seco-nd reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the CorrnMttee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition of
Benjamin Murphy, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ROBINSON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
to establish a surveyor general's office in Illinois;
which was read twice, and referred.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolutions; whicMie on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senat« the report «if a survey recently
made tinder the direction of the War Departmen , " of a
road fiom the Maumee Bay, through the northern counties
of Indiana, to or near the rapids of Illinois river, and thence
to the Mississippi river to some point between Rock Island
and Quim-y."
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of auUi'on/.ing, by law, a
final settlement of the claims of the legal representatives
of John H.Piatt, deceased, on jirincipies of equity,and that
the documents in the ease be referred to the s,aare com-
mittee.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire' into the expediency of establishing a
port of entry, or a port of delivery, at Michigan City.
RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
The resolutions submitted on Thursday last by
Messrs. Goldsborobgu, Grundy, Porter, and
HuBBARD.were severally considered and agreed to.
BILLS REFERRED-
The following bills were severally read the
second time and referred:
The bill to change the organization of the Gen-
eral Post Office;
The bill providing for the increase of-the corps
of Engineers, and for other purposes;
The bill to grant the State of Missouri a cer-
tain quan tity of land for the purposes of internal
improvement;
The bili for the relief of Sebastian Butcher and
others; and
The bill for the relief of Joseph Hertick.
NEWSPAPERS TO  SENATORS.
The joint resolution for the Supply of Senators
-with newspapers, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to a third reading.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to brjng in a bill providing for
abetter organization of the corps of United States
Topographical Engineers.
Mr. LINN gave notice that, on to-morrow, he
would.ask leave to introduce 'the following bills:
A bill for the payment of a debt due to the
heirs of Antoine Peltier;
A bill for the payment of a debt due to Joseph
Bogy;^
A bill for the payment of a debt due to Pierre
Menard;
A bill confirming the title of Joseph Sorin,
alias La Rochelle, and those claiming under him,
to a tract of land in Missouri; and
A bill providing for the erection of certain sur-
veys of the public lands.
Mr. CALHOUN gave notice, that cui to-mor-
row he would ask'leave to introduce the following
resolution and bills, viz:
A resolution, proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, providing for
a distribution of the surplus revenue among the
several States and Territories until the year 1843;
A bill to regulate the deposits of the public
money; and
A bill to repeal the first and second sections of
" an act to limit the'tfcrm of office of certain offi-
cers therein named," approved the 15th of May,
1820, and for other purposes.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
