&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December Í®,
him to courier t'13 Territory of Michigan as a '
pirtv to thi-s cpittmci-M'. The case was now
this" peace umii; been presened benvet 11 the*-
tw 1 Tar. s.the Pi t<=. dent of the O.i'u! StiU s had
se it to C0.1 T^stwomi'SMirc'!. the one consisting
of,.he constitution of thr State of Michigan, formed
by the people of that State, conformable to the
riVits secuied to them as citiz-ns of the United
States bv the Constitution of the United States,
under t'10 act of Co i:rris* of IsOó, and under the
irrepinlable oiditnn 0 of ]7e-7, constituting the
same identical boundaries, the President had sent
to Consress a nies«mgc on the subject of the bound-
ary li'ie With that const twon the rcpresent-
nuve of that St ue h ul pns<iitid himself there,
and under the clmn of r. nts secured to him bv
tne Cons'itution of tne U- tied States, had claimed
a seat m that House. To the other branch of
Con iessthe S.ate had elected Senators upon the
same prwripV; who. under the same claim of
n~ht, had piesented themselves there for admis-
s on, and had been admitted as spectators. To
Mr. A.'sextreme regret, tin Repre-sentative from
the State of Michigan in thu Hoase had not yet
been admitted upon th" floir even as a common
spectator. It became Mr. A. ta s iv that he did
not pretend to any such tiling as impartiality be-
tween those two parties, and if the sentiment of
pur'ulity, or his sense of justice, were to dis-
q ui'ufy him fioni acting as a racm'icr of a com-
mittee of the House upon this subject, how were
twenty-nine members of that Hoat-e, who were
in' ^rested on this question, to bo quilificd? Theirs
was not a matter of paitia'it} , 01 a .natter of jus-
t.ce,but of interés'. T'iey were all united as one
in tn. Yes, th' nineteen members from Ohio, the
*nen from Indiana, and the three from Minor*,
ver all united as one man. Fie * ished to tell
the-v gentlemen ihat while he eonsidtred them all
men who would, on every other question, act
under a sense of justice, the question under con-
s'deration being one neither of partiality nor of
iT.nnriiahty, theie could not be a difference of
o.. 1 on among them on this question. It was to
tne -0 a mere question of interest, and not a qucs-
t 0,1 of 1 s'\t, upon which they and their constit-
1 ents had their arms in their hands, ready to shed
fe blood of their fellow-citizens with the same
u > .. mi'tv tii 'v came there to vote in favor of this
v-une riffht ot interest. And because a member
i>f the Hoase. haw ? no interest in the question,
1 ad cxnress.ii h -. opinion on this subject, was he
to be considered more disqualified than those gen-
'ieircn ■ LV cauv ,as amere question of right and
vrnp;, a niemoer of that House had heretofore
. xnr. -s"d. in the discharee of his duty to that
House iitd the eoiii rry, an opinion that these gen- 1
tinmen had nothing Lut power on their side, and 1
no ri!rht,was he tobe considered disqualified as a t
member of a committee on the subject? Besides, I
the committee did not decide the question at all,
but merely gave their counsel and advice to the I
House- and vet these gentlemen get up and say
1 nt that mein'icr was disqualified, from having
I 'rmerly ffiven an opinion, to act on su<"h a com-
mittee' He could not but admire the sense of
justice that enabled these gentlemen to disqualify
a in. mber, because he happened to have an opin-
ion at variance with their interest, when twenty-
nine of them, one after another, would vote on it,
■ihen it was not with anyone of them a question
nt'part'-vlity or justice, but one of interest. There
were twen'v-nine members, whose States they
i(,pres"ni<'d were directly interested m the ques-
tion, bavin  and exorcising the right to vote; and
■x <iti?le individual, represe nun? the Territory of
■\fic(ii"-an. who had to sustain the rights of his
wHuuiiupiu* upon that floor by the powers of
•*P' .-ch alone, for he had no vote; and he believed
a vote was always worth more than a speech.
He was afra d, too, there w< re thirty-five more
l/«f>[dr the twenryMiine, who were, operated upon
'•y other considerations he would not mention.
'' was his determination ti be open and explicit
on- tins suiyect, and he had offered the resolution
for its n fcmice to a select committee, not of his 1
own .nsti^'ation, for he was well aware it would '
be a runs; t n<rracious duty, but at the request of (
fie Delicate from Michigan. He wished that a
lvprirt «'¡i te.is subject should 1-e presented from .
.■ commute of tnat IIous. , 'ilii-h liad nei er yet
been cc.11.-   A bill wa-i pasi.i (I Lytaeothei branch,
sent to that House, and the only report made by
a committee, was one simply stating that the bill
ought not to pass. He had seen an Ohio docu-
ment, a very able one it wa3, for it consisted of
declarations of the power of Congress, but not
one single iota of argument, nor one single refer-
ence to any question of right between the two
Parties did it embrace. When it came to that
louse, at the close of the session, the whole sub-
ject was referred to a select committee, and that
committee, after hearing the parlieson both sides,
day after day, for more than a week together—
hearing one of the ablest members of that House
fiom Ohio on his side, and hearing the then
Delegate from Michigan on the other—that com-
mittee came to the eo lclus'on he had stated; six
out of s.'ien concurring th*>t Ohio had no right
to this disputed territory. They made no report,
for theie v. as not time to exhibit the full and
entire men's of the question, but contented them-
selves with simply reporting that the bill from
the Senate o'ight not to pass; and upon that rec-
ommendation the subject went over to the close
of that session.
The gentleman who represented the Territory
or State of Michigan came to Mr. A. at the com-
mencement of the present session, und asked him
to move the reference of the President's two mes-
sages to a select committee. Mr. A. told him that
he woul I, with pleasure, move the reference of
one of them to a select committee,—that was the
one on the boundary question; but he said it
would be most proper that the two messages
should be referred to two distinct committees,
each of whom should have the subject fully be-
fore them, and each of whom might be called upon
to make a report thereon to the House, if thev
concurred; then the House might act unani-
mously. If they differed, at least everything
would be said that could be said on each side of
the question. He thought it, therefore, best that
the two subjects should be referred to two distinct
committees? and, accordingly, he made the mo-
tion that one should be referred to a select com-
mittee, leaving the other to take whatever refer-
ence the House might think proper. He should
say no more on the subject. The House would
decide as they thought fit, and as they thought
would be consistent with justice. For himself,
(Mr. A. said,) he should feel himself relieved
from one of the most painful of public duties
which had ever devolved upon him, if the House
should tranfer the duties of this select committee,
of which he had the honor to be chairman to
one of its standing committees.
Mr. STORE ft addressed the House in reply
to Mr. Ad IMS, and in defense of the measures
adopted by the'State of Ohio, in reference to the
boundary between Ohio and Michigan. He was
in favor of reconsidering the vote whereby the
subject had been referred to a select committee,
principally on the ground that the chairman of
that committee had prejudged the case, that his
opinion was made up, and that the weight of his
name would have au undue influence upon the
decision of the controversy.
Mr. LANE next addressed the House in reply
to the gentleman fiom Massachusetts, and in op-
position to the rtf< renco to a select committee.
Hp was in favor of sending the subject to the
Committee on the Judiciary—a committee which
would do entire justice to all parties concerned.
Mr. VINTON also rose in reply to Mr. Adams.
He was unwilling to submit questions involving
the rights of States, to a committee, the chairman
of winch had avowed himself prejudiced, and
who stated that his opinions were made up. Mr.
V. reviewed the past history of the boundaiy
question, and urged the propriety of sending the
subject to the Judiciary Committee, or at least to
an impartial committee.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion, to reconsider; which were ordered,
and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Baile}, Bocfcee, Bond,
Boon, Buchanan, Bunch, William B. Calhoun, Campbell,
Carter, Casey, Chancy, Chapman, Chapín, Child , Clai-
borne, Clark, Connon, Convin, Craig, Crane, Cashing,
Dam, Dromsoole, Uffuer. Evans, Everett, Firim, Forester
PhUo V Fuller, James Garland, Rice Garland, Graham,
Granar, «raves, Graven, Grcnni II, Griffin, Hiland Hall,
Hamer, Hammond, Hannegan, Hardin, Harlan, Harper,
Samuel S. Harrison, Hazeltute, Hoar,  Howard, Howell,
¡ Hubley, Huntsman, Janes, Jarvis, Henry Johnson, John W.
jone-,"Benjamin Jones. Ju'Non, Kcnnon, Kilgorc, Kinnard,
Khn.vn-initli, Lane. L-iiwencc, Gideon Lee, Luke Lea,
Lovall, Lucas, Miirtin, Samp on Ma-on, Maury, May,
McUirt}, McKenuon, McKiui, McLene, Mercer, Morris,
Paje, Patterson, Pcttijrew, Phillip-, Pineknev, Reed,
R"ñchcr, John Reynold-, Regtr-, Ru-scll, William B. Shcp-
ardjAuüusUneH. Sheppenl, Shields, Slade, Sloan, fepang-
1-r, Standeter, Storer/lahalerro, Thomas, John Thomson,
Waddy Thompson,Toueey, Underwood, v inton, Webster,
Lewis"Williams, and Wise—107.
NAYS—Messrs Adam", Ilcman Allen, Anthony, Ashley,
Barton, Bcalc, Bean, BennHcv, Beaumont, Borden, Brig"*,
Brown, Bmuin, Cambrclong, John Chamber , Cleveland,
Coffee, Cushman, Darlington, Deberry¡Dcnnv,Doubleday,
Fairfield, Fowler, Trench, William Iv. Fuller, Galbraith,
Gillet, Gla-cock, Ilalev, Joseph Hall, Havncs. Henderson,
Hcister, Holsev, Hopkins, Hunt, Ingham, Jabez Jnekson,
Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Lansing, Lnporte, Lawler,
Lav, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Ljon, Job Mann,
John Y Mason, William Mason. Moses Mason, McComns,
Miller, Montgomeij, Morsan, Muhlenberg, Parker, Parks,
Dutee J Pearee, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Potts, Robertson,
Sohenck.Seunnur, Shmn, Smith, Sp a7in,Tavlor,Toivns
Tamil, Vanderpoel, Wajencr, Ward, Wardwell, Weeks,
and Sherrod Williams—79.
1 So the House determined to reconsider the vote
1 referring the President's message in relation to
the northern boundary of Ohio, to a select com-,
mittee.
Mr. HAMER moved to refer the subject to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ADAMS then withdrew his motion to
refer to a select committee.
The motion to refer the papers to the Committee
on the Judiciary was then agreed to.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the House ad-
journed.____________________
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 29, 1835.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
report of the surveyors appointed to run and
mark the northern boundary of the State of Ohio;
which, on motion of Mr. Robinson, was referred
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. PORTER presented the memorial of R.
W. Meade; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. KENT presented the following petitions:
The petition ©f "William A. Gordon; which
was referred the Committee on Chunas;
The petition of Stockton & Stokes, mail con-
tractors; which Was referred to the Committee on
1 the Post Office and Post Roads;
'     The memorial of the President and Directors of
the Bank of Washington, praying for a renewal
of their charter; which was referred to the Com-
1 mittee for the District of Columbia; and
I     The petition of Barbara Mudd and others, and
the petition of Eliza Causin and Ann Turner:
which were referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Lewis Newnsha, praying for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the memorial
I of the corporate authorities of Washington, pre-
' sented yesterday, was ordered to be printed.
i              BILLS INTRODUCED   ON LEAVE.
I     Mr. KING, of Alabama, on leave, introduced
a bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes and Jere-
1 miah Austin; anda bill for the relief of Theodore
Briffhtwell; which were severally read twice and
referred.
PROCEEfeS OP THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of notice given, askeC
leave and introduced a bill to distribute for a hm
I ited time the proceeds of the sales of the publit
¡ lands among the States, and for other purposes.
¡ A BILL to appropriate, far a limited time, the proceed  of
the sales of the public lands of the United States, ano
I     for g anting land to certain States.
Be it tnttetei hj ike Senate aht Hatae ef RepreseitttMvet
of the United Stotaofjtmenmm Ctnqren ameviUed, Tha
1 from and after tlie tbmy-nnjt day of December, in the yea'
of our Lord one thousand eijhthundrcd and forty-one, there
I be allowed and paid to each of the Stateü of Ohio, Indiana
Illinois, Alabama, Missouri, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arknn
so , and Michigan, over aad above what eaeh of the said
| States is entitled to by the terms of the compacts entered
into between them and the United States, respscuvely,
upon their admission into the Union, the sum of ten pei
centum upon the net prodoe.ls of the a le= of the public
