1695.
'i
TOE COl^BESSIONAk GLOEfJ.
55
and?, which, subsequent to the day «foresaid, shall have
oee , or may bo made within the several limits of the said
Slates; which -aid mm often per centum slnll he applied
to som-.-o'jject or objete of internal improvement within
tue said iut"*. under t'le direction of their respective
Legislatures: PriviicU Tuat the sum so allowed to the
said flatos, re-p^ctivcly siiall be in no w'u-e affected or
diminished on account of any sums which have been here-
tofore, or -hall lu hereafter, applied to the construction or
cojtiiiuidca oftlio Cumbarlandroad. but that the disburse-
ments for the said road thall remain,as heretofore, chnrge-
atilo o.i fie two p?r centum fund provided for by compacts
with several of the sn¡d States.
Si:r. 2. .4arf be it /irtter enacted, That after deducting
the saul ten p>r ceutinu, and what, by the compacts afore-
said, hus her to ore b vn allowed to the States aforesaid,
he residue of the net proceeds—which net proceeds shall
>e ascertained by deducting from the gross proceeds all the
expenditures of the year for the following objects: salaries
and esjienses on account of the General Land Office; ex-
penses for surveying public lands; salaries and c\pen es
in the surveyor "«entrara office; salanes, commissions,
and allowances to the registers and receivers; the five tier
centum to new States—of ull the public lands of the United
States, wherever situated, which shall have been, or may
be sold subsequent to the said thirty-first day of December,
shall be divided among thetivrnty-six States ol the Union,
according to their respective Federal representative popula-
tion, as ascertained by Uic last census, to bo applied by the-
Legislatures of the said átales to education, colonizatiou,
internal improvements, or the reimbursement of debt created
for internal improvements : ProeUed, That nothing herein
coatained shall be construed to the prejudice of future ap-
propriations lora reduction of the price of thepubhc laiid^,
or to the prejudice of applications tor a transfer of the pub-
lic lands, on reasonable terms, to the States within v.hich
they lie, norto impair the power of Congress to mak° such
future disposition of the public lands, or any part thereof,
as itmav deem expedient.
Sec. '3. And be it farther enadei, That the several sums
of mnncv received in the Treasury as the net proceeds of
the sales'of the public lands shall be paid at the Treasury
half reariyon the first day of January and July in each year,
during th.' continuance of this act, to such person or p'r-
bons as the respective Legislatures of the said States shall
au'horize and direct to receive the same.
Sec. 4. Andbeit farther enacted, That thisact «hall con-
tinue and be in force until the thirty-first day of December,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-six, unless the United
States shall become involved in war with any foreign Power,
in which event, from the commencement of hostilities, this
act shall cease and be no longer in force : Prouidecl, nerer-
tkden, That if, prior to the expiration of this act, any new
State or States shall be admitted into the Union, there be
assigned to such new State or States the proportion to
which such State or States maybe entitled, upon the prin-
ciples of this act, so much of the proceeds as shall accrue
after their admission into the Union, and upon the princi-
ples of any of the compacts made as aforesaid Willi either
of the [nine] States first mentioned.
Sec. 5. -1nd he it further enacted, That until the said
thirty-first day of December, one tlioasand eight hundred
and forty-one, there shall be annually appropriated for com-
pleting the surveys of said lands, a sum not less than-------
dollars; and the minimum price at which the public lands
are how sold at privite sale shall not be increased ; and in
case the same shall be increased by law, within the period
aforesaid, so much of this act as provides that the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands shall be distributed
among the several States, shall, from and after the increase
of the minimum price thereof, cease and become utterly
null and of no effect, anything in this' act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Sec. 6. JlnA be it further enacted, That whenever, for
two successive years, it shall appear to the Secretary of the
Treasury that tiie net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, within any land district now established, or which
may hereafter he established by law, shall not be sufficient i
to discharge the salaries of the officers employed by the '
United States within such district, he may discontinue such
offices, and the lands contained in such district, remaining
unsold, shall, in such case, be annexed to the adjoining
district.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That there shall he
granted to each of the States of Mississippi, Louisiana,
Missouri, Arkansas, and Michigan, the quantity of Ave
hundred thousand acres of land; to the State of' Indiana, j
one hundred and fifteen thousand two hundred and seventy-
two acres; to the State of Illinois, twenty thousand acres; ]
and to the State of Alabama, one hundred thousand acres
of land, lying within the limits of said States, respectively ; :
to be selected in such manner as the Legislatures thereof
shall direct, and located in parcels, conformably to sectional
divisions and subdivisions, of not less than three hundred \
and twenty acres in any one location, on any public land
subject to entry at private sale; which said locations may ,
be made at any time within five years after the lands of the
United States, in said States respectively, shall have been
surveyed, and offered at public sale, according to existing
laws.
Sec. 8. And be it furtker enacted, That the lands herein
granted to the States above named shall not be disposed of
at a price less than one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, until otherwise authorized by a law of the United
States; and the net proceeds of the sales of said lands shall
be faithfully applied to objects of internal improvement
within the States aforesaid, respectively, namely: roads,
bridges, canals, and improvement of water-courses, and
draining swamps; and such roads, canals, bridges, and
water-courses, when made or improved, shall befree for the
transportation of the United States mail, and munitions of
war, aud for the passage of their troops, without the payment
of any toll whatever.
Mr. CLAY said, that borne down as he was by
private affliction, he felt illy prepared to obtrude
himself upon the attention of the Senate. He,
however, nad thought that even private affliction
ought not to hinder him from the discharge of a
public duty. Ho arose, in pursuance of notice
given yesterday of his intention to introduce a
bill providing for the distribution of the surplus
revenues among the several States and Territories.
He felt it incumbent on him to give the following
explanation. The bill (said he) proposes a dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public lands for
theyearsl834,-'35,-'36,and '37, and corresponds
with that offered in 1832. [Here Mr. C. went
into a detail of the provisions of the bill.]- He
would, for one, have been willing to have divided
among the seven new States the twelve and a half
por cent., but that had been objected to by the
President of the United States; and objections
had been made to it from other quarters. He had,
therefore, thought it proper to restrict it to a more
moderate sum, (tun per cent.) Mr. C. recited
the several amounts of surplus revenue in the
years ]833,-'34, and '35, making an aggregate of
mora than twenty-one millions' of dollars. After
deducting the percentage reserved to the new
States, he went into a recapitulation of the pro-
portion that would be given to each of the States;
and the proportion of all the States he had pressed
into a table he had in his hand, prepared at the
Secretary's office, to which access might be had
by any one who desired it.
The President, in a former message, had ad-
verted to the public lands and the relief of the
country from the public debt; and, moreover,
had expressed a willingness to cooperate in any
measure adopted by Congress, calculated to.pre-t
serve the harmony, and advance the prosperity
of the Union. The bill was passed and presented
to him; but was retained by him, as he (Mr. C.)
thought, contrary to the Constitution of the United
States. It was said, and believed at the time, that
the President had, in anticipation of the passage
of the bill, prepared his objections, and it was
believed that if it had been returned, it would
have passed by the constitutional majority.
There are those, Mr. President, (said he,) who
believe that this bill, having thus been detained
contrary to the Constitution, is now the law of
the land. The money arising from these lands
| was a matter of public trust,and the Government
I had a right to distribute the proceeds of the three
| last as well as of the two next years. No one
j could have read the report of the Secretary of the
j Treasury without the conviction that it was pru-
dent at all times, rather to underrate than over-
rate the estimate in the Treasury. He believed
that when the returns came in, it would be found
to greatly exceed the amount of the estimate of
the Secretary of the Treasury. This was not
the time for him to enter into an estimate of the
probable receipts of the Treasury hereafter. It
was not, however,difficult to show that, exclusive
of the surplus, as reported, there would be abund-
ant funds left for the ordinary expenses of Gov-
ernment.
This bill (said Mr.C.) provides, that its opera-
tion shall cou.se in case of a war, and in that event
provides for a vigorous prosecution of the war.
He wished his opinions not to bo misconceived.
i He did not wish it to be understood that he be-
, lieved the General Government had the power to
j levy and collect taxes solely for the purposes of
j distsjbution among the States. This bill was
' founded upon express stipulations in the several
deeds by which the public lands have been ceded
by the several States to the Government. He
had ever regarded, with the profoundest regret,
the decision of the President. If he (the Presi-
dent) had pursued a different course, the several
States could respectively have prosecuted with
energy the great objects of internal improvement,
education, and colonization. [Here Mr. Clay
expatiated at some length upon the blessings and
advantages of these objects.] "When we institute
a comparison, said he, between what might have
been done, with these twenty millions, and what
has been done, our sensations of regret become
infinitely deep. Instead of becoming an object
of national benefit, it had been an object of scram-
ble. Instead of advancing the great interests of
our country,- it had been appropriated to partial
and local objects, scattered about among a parcel
of petty corporations, who stand growling over
it, and the Secretary of "War was brooding over
schemes to squander the whole!   The spirit of
improvement pervaded the country—all it wanted
was an intelligent direction of the means. Mary-
land had constructed her great causeway over the
mountains. Pennsylvania had completed another
improvement still bolderin conception, and more
arduous in completion. Virginia had evinced her
spirit of improvement, and a fourth State, still
further South, had commenced an important
work; but without the aid of this fund, he feared
she could never accomplish it.
Let us, said he, give to the States what is their
own—the proceeds nf the public lands. Placing
this exhaustlcss fund in the hands of the Presi-
dent was giving him the power described by the
British bard.
This affair of the public land had originally
been forced upon him; a motion was made from
a quarter unfriendly to him to refer the subject
to the Committee on Manufactures, of which he
was a member, and to which motion he waa op-
posed, as not properly belonging to that com-
mittee. Bub the unnatural alliance was ordered
by a vote of the majority of the Senate. He felt
that a personal embarrassment was intended for
him. He felt as if a many-edged instrument had
been put into his hands, the handling of which
would necessarily wound him. Scarcely was the
report which accompanied the bill read, till a
motion was made to refer it ti> the Committee on
Public Lands, to produce a countervailing report.
But, in despite of all exertions, the bill passed.
He now.felt anxious for the passage of tne bill.
No bill was fraught with more unmixed good or
enduring benefit to the nation than it was. If he
could be instrumental in effecting its passage, he
should go into retirement, into which he shortly
expected to go, with highly gratified feeling3,
which he described in emphatic language.
Mr. C, in conclusion, took a retrospect of his
past life. He adverted to the circumstance of his
being left an orphan, his widowed mother, her
numerous offspring, and embarrassed circum-
stances—unaided himself by adventitious circum-
stances, he felt as if he ought to be grateful to his
countrymen for the high honors their partiality
had conferred upon him, for which, in return, he
had aimed at an honest, faithful, and zealous dis-
charge of his duties,.
The bill was then read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
DISTRIBUTION OF   SURPLUS REVENUE.
Mr. CALHOUN, in pursuance of notice given,
1 asked and obtained leave, and introduced thefol-
1 lowing bills; which were read and ordered to a
■ second reading:
I A resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, providing for
a distribution of the surplus revenue among the
several States and Territories, until the year 1843;
A bill to regulate the deposits of the public
money; and
A bill to repeal the first and second sections of
" An act to limit the term of office of certain offi-
cers therein named," approved the 15th of May,
1830, and for other purposes.
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following res-
olution; which was laid on the table:
Keso'.vcd, That the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the 15th instant, relative to the duties that may be
reduced or repaaled, be referred to the Committee on Man-
ufactures, with instructions to report a bill providing for
the reduction or repeal of all duties which, in their opinion,
mayb"ieduccd or repealed consistently witli a due regard
to the manufacturing interests.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of notice given, asked
and obtained leave, and introduced the following
bills; which were severally read, and ordered to a
second reading:
A bill for the payment of a debt due to the
heirs of Antoine Peltier;
A bill for the payment of a debt due to Joseph
Bogy;
A bill for the payment of a debt due to Pierre
Menard;                                                               .
' A bill confirming the title of Joseph Sorin,
olios La Rochelle, and those claiming under him,
to a tract of land in Missouri; and
