188*
TUB GONGRiBttORiK GDQBfflM
S*
Morrison, Esq., of Knskaskia, Illinois, pdayiag
remuneration for property taken by the Kickapoo
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Also, the claim of the heir* of N. Janot, de-
ceased, praying indemnity for property taken by
the Indian enemy in the late war with Great
Britain; which was referred to theConmaittaeon
Indian Affairs.
Also, the claim of J^wcs McLane^prayingthe
firivilege to purchase another forty-acre tract of
snd, he having already purchased two forty-acre
tracts. He states also in his case, that he hope 
that he and other American citizens will hare
the same privilege extended to him and them as
were given to foreigners on a former occasion;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of the inhabitants of Madison
county, Illinois, praying for relief in the reloca-
tion of a section of land for school purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
And also the memorial of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Illinois, praying for a bounty
in land to the soldiers who defended the Territory
of Illinois in the late war; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands;]
Messrs. LYON, MARTIN, LAWLER, and
CHAPMAN, of Alabama.
Messrs. ASHLEY and HARRISON, of Mis-
souri.
[Mr. Ashley presented the following memo-
rials and petitions:
Memorial of the Legislature of Missouri,
asking an extension of the boundaries of the
State;
Memorial of the Mayor and Aldermen of St.
Louis, asking an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of that city;
Petition of Joseph Bos:gs, David McGill, Abra-
ham Groom, Elisha Todd, Fra Cottle, David
Todd, and the citizens of Cote San Des Sign, for
Indian depredations;
Petition of Frederick Derit and others, in rela-
tion to lands;
Petition of John Howell, in relation to lands;
Petition  of James Baldridgc, in relation to
lands;
Petition of "William AValker, and the heirs of
Samuel Brown, in relation to lands;
Petition of George Symington, for the payment
of a certain sum of money;
Petition of the citizens of Washington and Jef-
ferson counties, asking the establishment of a
new land district.
Mr. Ashley asked the reference of documents
on file, in relation to a grant of land to the town
of Louisiana, Missouri, for the use of a school.
Mr.  Harrison,  of Missouri, presented  the
petition of Wynkoop Warner, praying for the
liquidation of his claim for baggage lost during '
the war;
The petition of JohnWiley and Jefferson Greer, '
praying for remuneration for improvements put
upon land bought of the Government by them,
and which had previously been sold;
The petition of Robert Murray, praying for a
ihange of entry;
The petition of numerous citizens in the State '
of Missouri, praying for a mail route from Jeffer-
son city, through the counties of Morgan, Benton,
Polk, and Greene, to Little Rock, Arkansas Ter-
ritory;
The petition for a mail route from Jefferson
city to Palmyra, in the State of Missouri, from !
sundry citizens of Boone;                                       '
The petition of Jeremiah Clay and Nancy Clay, ¡
praying for a grant of land;                                    I
The petition of sundry citizens, praying for a
new land district at Jefferson city, in the State
of Missouri;                                                             '
The petition of sundry eitizens of Calloway
and Monroe counties, Missouri, praying for a
mail route from Fulton to Paris;
The petition of William Monroe and Joseph
Wolfskill, praying for remuneration for losses
sustained in the Boonslick settlement, by the
friendly Sacs, during the war;
The petition of Joshua Pilcher, praying the
liquidation of his claim for overpaying an Indian,
interpreter;
I The' memorial ef sundry piti*en« af. Cio-y |
county, praying for a line of military p<S?ts on
the western frontier, and for the removal of .the
supenntendency of Indian affairs from the city
of St. Louis to some point on 'the western fron-
tier,                                                                     i,
Mr. H. also moved that the report of the qoi -
misaioner.1 appointed to adjust, the private land
claims in-the State of Missouri, made to Congress
in 1833, ami the supplemental report of the same,
made m 1834, be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and be printed.]
Mrw SEVIER, of Arkansas,
Messrs. EVANS, HALL, J ARVIS, SMITH,
and FAIRFIELD, of Maii>e,
Messrs. PIERCE and CUSHMAN, of New
Hampshire.
Which petitions and memorials were (with the
exceptions stated) referred to the appropriate
committees.
EXECUTIVE  COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER presented^ to the House the,
following communications:                                       '
I.  From the Secretary of War, ju pursuance
of the act of May, 1830, transmitting the annual
report in relation to applications for pensions;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
II. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the subject of weights and measures;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, offered the following
resolution; which, by the rule, lies over <ftie day:
Retolvel, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
communicate to the Hott«e of Representatives the report
of the survey and examination made pursuant to an act
of Congress, approved March 3, 1833, hy Captaiq Caufield,
under the direction of the War Department, of the line of
the national road btween Spi in«rfi>Id in the State of Ohio,
and Richmond in the Srate of Indiana; and that he further
report whether the President of the Umted States has
approved or dis.tpp.-oved o:'thc same.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. McKENNAN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following" resolutions; which were
1 agreed to:                                                                   I
! Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
, be instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
I to the heirs or legal representatives of Thomas Gordon,
1 deceased, a sum of money due him, 1br service  rendered
; during the revolutionary war.
i Resolved, That the Comaiittee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to-inquire into the expediency of allowing to
the heirs of Colonel George Morgan,  n officer of the re vo-
lutionaryarmy, the five year ' full pay in lieu of half pay, |
for life, to which lie was entitled, and that they have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
'    Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported the following resolutions;
, which were agreed to:
- Retolved, That so much of the Jetter of the ffavy com-
mU-ioners of the 12th of ifovember last as relates to the
employment of a steward at the Washington navy-yard, and
to changes in the compensation of certain clerks and other
officers at various navy-yards, be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.                                                            j
Resolved, That so much of the estimate of appropriations
and of the communications of the Quartermaster General
as relates to eitra compensation to clerks, and the salary of
clerks in that department, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.                                                             I
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.              I
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills;
which were read twice, committed to the commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed, to wit:
A bill making appropriations, in part, for the
suppott of Government for the year 1836;
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions, for the year
1836;
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser- !
vice for the year 1836;                                              !
A bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year 1836;                               I
A bill making appropriations for certain fort-
ifications of the United States for the year 1836; j
and    a                                                                         |
A bill to authorize the proper officers of the
Treasury Department to credit the account of
the Treasurer of the  United States  with the ,
! amount of unavailable funds standing to his debit '
oi* the book ; of the Treasury, «ni to transfer the
amount to the debt of the banks and individuals
indebted for the same.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, .reported a bill to carry
into effect the convention with Spain; which,was
read twice, committed to the Committee of the
Whole" on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Comraittee on Invalid.
Pensions, reported a bill granting pensions to
certain persons therein named; wnich was, read
twice and committed.        ,                                   •  ,
Mr. PHILLIPS, from, the Committee on Com*
merce, reported the following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Joseph- W. Olmsted,
master and owner of the schooner Sally, and the
crew of said vessel;
A bill for the relief of the officers, owners, and
crew of the schooner Mary, of Marblehead, Mas-
sachusetts;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Phillips and
others;
A bill for the relief of Joseph W. Green and
the owners and crew of the fishing schooner Two
Brothers, of Marblehead, Massachusetts; and
A bill for the relief of George Groot and
others.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
and Nancy Merrill; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. B. said he would avail himself of the op-
portunity, the first that had presented itself, to
make an inquiry in relation to a subject of much
importance, and which had created considerable
alarm in the country. He alluded to the election
of a President by the House of Representatives.
The. President of the United States had recom-
mended this subject to the consideration of Con-
gress, and a select committee of the House had
charge of it. His object in rising was to inquire
of the chairman of that committee, if present, or
if absent, from some member of that committee,
when they might expect a report upon the im-
portant matter to which he had referred.
Mr. DROMGOOLE (the chairman o'fthe select
Committee) remarked in reply, that the commit-
tee had not yet held a meeting. A day had,
however, been appointed for that purpose, and
he presumed that the committee would discharge
the duty assigned with fidelity and prompt-
ness.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Grusham; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
Resolvsd, Thnt the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of William Robertson,
and that the same, with the account accompanying it, be
referred to the President of the United States.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills; which
Were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of the citizens of Monroe
county, Indiana; and
And a bill for the relief of William Bowman.
Unfavorable reports upon petitions, &c, were
made by Messrs. MERCER, HAMMOND, and
WHITTLESEY, from standing committees.
On motion of Mr. McKIM, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday i December 36, 1835.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. KENT
and DAVIS.
REVORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
, Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which had been referred the
bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Jewitt,
deceased, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on thePub-
h'c Lands, to which had been referred the bill
authorizing the relinquishment of the sixteenth
sectionr of public lands, granted for the use of
schools, ana the location of other lands in lieu
