m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 1B0,
was all that was done by the Committee on the
District, and he begged permission of the House
o have that bill read by the Clerk, in order that
this matter might be set aright. [The bill in ques-
tion was then read from the Clerk's table.]
As to whether this subject should go to the
Committee for the District of Columbia or to a
select committee, if the members of the former
were willing to yield, Mr. McK. had no objec-
tion. He believed it, however, a legitimate sub-
ject of examination fortheformercommittee;and
jnless the members of that committee, like the
gentleman from New York, yielded, he should
*eel himself bound to vote that the subject should
lave that reference, and none other.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD begged the indulgence
jf the House to make a few remarks in reply.
The gentleman from Maryland said that he (Mr.
3.) had prejudged this question. Now, he was at a
oss to know how he had prejudged this question.
As a member of the Committee for the District
if Columbia, during the last session, he could not
have projudged the question, because nobody
*sked them to make these investigations. How,
.hen, could he prejudge the question when he had
•íeither made, nor been asked to make any inves-
tigation f Why did not the gentleman himself,
is vigilant as he seemed to be, submit instructions
to that committee then ? Mr. S. really thought
that the gentleman was laboring under a serious
mistake in making that charge upon him. Cer-
tainly, Mr. S. did not pretend to the skill in bank-
ing the gentleman himself avowedly did, for the
gentleman had had opportunities which had fallen
to the lot of few members on that floor. Mr. S.
remembered very well the gentleman was a mem-
ber of two committees on the subject of banking,
and then saw and examined the "great monster"
himself; and he also remembered that one of those
committees reported to that House a very volu-
minous document, and he had no sort of doubt
that, if the members of the House had thought
proper to read that very voluminous document,
they would have been very much enlightened on
the subject of banking. He should be sorry to
obscure die sliglitestray the .gentleman shed upon
the subject.
Mr. S. said, for himself, he had no interest in
the question, nor did he care one farthing about
it in any point of view; but so long as he was a
member of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, he would assert upon that floor what he
believed to be the rights and privileges of that
District, and the rights and privileges of the Com-
mittee for that District. It was for the House to
say whether that committee was as fit, had as
much time, as much knowledge, and as much
interest in the welfare and prosperity of the Dis-
trict, as the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. S.
could not pretend to as much interest, perhaps,
as the gentleman from Maryland in one point of
view. The gentleman tells us that he had a
peculiar interest in the question, because the
people of his district came down to the District
of Columbia to trade, and the money of the Dis-
trict circulated among them. Why, the people
of the gentleman's district, when they came down
here, sometimes stayed at the taverns; and for the
same reason, the House ought to raise a select
committee, and put the dram-shops under its
charge, for it was as much a matter of interest to
them. Why not put every matter that touched
the gentleman's district under his special charge)
However, Mr. S. would only remark, that it was
a mero matter of fitness and propriety, of which
the House was the judge, and which needed no
argument from him.
Mr. LANE was a member of the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and he believed no
person would charge him with any particular
partialky for these or any other banks in the
United States. He must, however, object to the
reasons, assigned by the gentleman from Mary-
'and, [Mr. Thomas,] for taking the subject from
the committee to which it legitimately belonged,
and sending it to a select committee. The gentle-
man might disguise his sentiments as he pleased,
but it was evident that he had not only reflected
«mt had made a direct imputation, upon the Dis-
trict Committee.
The gentleman had charged the committee with
having prejudged the question. He was mistaken.
There were five new members upon this commit-
tee, and he could assure him, that so far as he was
concerned, he was in favor of a speedy and critical
investigation into the affairs of these institutions.
It had been contended that the Committee for the
District was not the legitimate one, because the
subject was one of general concern. These banks
were local, and the people of the District were
more interested in them than those who resided
at a distance.
But the gentleman had asked if this subject was
sent to the District Committee, when would the
investigation take place, and when would it close?
He would answer, as soon and as speedily as the
untiring industry of the committee would permit.
Could more be expected of a select committee ?
The gentleman from Maryland was a member of
four important committees, while the members
of the Committee for the District were on no
other committee. The gentleman must, therefore,
have four times the ability, and four times the
industry, of himself and associates, if he could
perform this duty more promptly.
If had further been charged, that the commit-
tee, although it had been in existence for several
weeks, had not taken up this subject. Mr. L.
remarked, that it had not been referred "to them,
except informally that the committee had met
but twice; and when it should be ascertained that
they had neglected their duty, it would be time
enough to charge them with a direct omission to
do so.
The gentleman had referred to the several in-
vestigations he had made of another banking
institution, and this is urged as a reason why this
subject should be placed under his especial care.
If this be a conclusive argument, it will of neces-
sity throw into the hands of the same gentleman
any other subject presented to the House in rela-
tion to the District.
Reference had been made to the fact that the
Michigan question had the other day been sent to
the Judicial Committee insteadof the Committee
on the Territories.
The reason of this was obvious, Legal questions
were involved,and that committee wag composed
of able lawyers, who were more competent to
investigate it. The gentleman from Maryland was
a member of the Judiciary Committee. Did the
gentleman draw an inference from the case, that
because his honorable self, and those who might
be associated with him upon the select committee,
were more competent, that therefore his motion
ought to prevail? For one, if the subject should
be referred to the Committee for the District, he
should be disposed to spare neither time nor labor
to discharge his duty with fidelity.
Mr. L. alluded to the remarks which had been
made in reference to the course and the solvency
of the banks in the District. He was opposed to
prejudging the institutions, and in favor of the
strictest scrutiny into their operations. If they
had acted improperly, let it be ascertained before
they were condemned. He, for one, would not
attempt to screen them, nor to sanction any abuse
which might be fixed upon them.
Mr. BOULDIN again addressed the House, in
reply to the last remarks of the gentleman from
, Maryland.    In conclusion, he moved to amend
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. William B. Sh&pakd,] by adding the fol-
lowing instructions  to  the  Committee  for the
District of Columbia, to wit:
|     To examine into the condition of the currency
of the said District; to inspect the books, and to
examine into the proceedings of said banks; to
i ascertain whether their charters have been violated
or not, and whether any abuses or mal-practices
have existed in their management; to send for
personsand papers, to examino witnosscson oath,
and to appoint a clerk to record their proceedings.
Mr. MERCER said that it was the duty of the
Speaker of the House to appoint the committees,
and to distribute the business of the House among
the members as equally as possible; and, for that
j reason, be rose tocall the attention of the House
to this/act, that, if the business was taken from
one committee and transferred to another, the
I labors of the House would be unequally divided;
and if you continued to pursue that course, you
J would take from the District Committee all its
i duties.   It was in vain for the gentlema- from
Virginia to say that he had no feeling in this
matter. He had supposed the whole country felt
an interest in it. The people in his district felt an
interest in this question; and he would say that
he felt the fullest confidence in the Committee for
the District, and would be pleased to have the
matter referred to that committee. He said that
the failure of certain banks in the District was an
unfortunate occurrence, and ought not to be re-
flected upon by die gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. MANN said he had but a word to say on,
the subject. It should be remembered that the
Committee for the District had all the legislation
of this body in relaüon to the District in their
own hands; and certainly that committee had
as much business as they could attend to, inde-
pendently of the matter under consideration. It
therefore seemed to be proper that this proposition
should be sent to a special committee. It was
highly important that an investigation should be
made, and thoroughly made. It was important
to the people of the District that this investiga-
tion should be made; and he therefore hoped that
it would be sent to a select committee, and let it
be the special duty of that committee to investi-
gate this matter.
Mr. LANE said he would inform the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Mann] and the House,
that the committee, so far from having more
business than they were able to perform, had met
again and again without having any business be-
fore them; and they would be obliged to gentle-
men if they would give them something to occupy
them. The Committee for the District has as
much zeal, and as much disposition to investigate
into the affairs of the banks, as the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Thomas] had,but that gentleman
seemed to want the whole management of the
currency of the District himself. Perhaps he is
afraid the currency of the District would over-
whelm and supersede the currency of Maryland,
Mr. THOMAS said that gentlemen misunder-
stood him. He did not wish to reflect upon any
committee or any member of the House. He
said, his constituents were more interested in this
matter than those of many gentlemen; therefore,
they wished it investigated. They wished to
have a sound currency in a District with which
they were so closely connected.
Mr. LANE read the following- rule:     '
" 62. It shall be the duty of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia to. take into consideration all sucJi.peti-
iioils, matters, or tilings, touching the said District, as sTiall
be presented, or shall conve in duestion, and be referred to
them by the pause; and to report their opinion thereon,
together with such propositions relative thereto as to thent
shaH seetn expedient."
Mr. BEÁRDSLEV said, he was very happy,
indeed, to perceive, and lie could not forego the
opportunity of congratulating the House and the
country upon it, that there appeared now to be a
universal and concurrent sentiment on the propri-
ety of making the examination contemplated by
one or the other committees of the House. As
those banks came there1 to ask favors at the hands
of that House, and as the character of the House
and the interestof the country at large were deeply
embarked in the applications made by these banks,
it was only fit and proper towards the House itself,
and towards the country at large, that they should
know, and that the country should know, the con-
dition and circumstances and past conduct of these
petitioners. Everybody there seemed now to agree
to the correctness of that proposition. He recol-
lected the time when another institution, when
another bank, came there for.a similar purpose—
to seek for an extension of its charter, and when
one class, of personages in diat House thought
proper to propose.that an investigation should be
liad into the circumstances and condition of that
institution then, he well recollected that the unan-
imity of sentiment now prevailing in the minds
of members of that House, if they might infer that
sentiment from what had passed in the present de-
bate, was all discord. Then the bátüe was. contiftr
ucd upon the policy and propriety and jusficje. of
making a similar examination. It was ukimately
carried that investigation should be had, and the
results of that and a subsequent investigation, so
far as there was any subsequentinvestigation, were
before the country, Jibw, however, all doubts aiid
difficulties upon the propriety of examination are
dissipated, and it was admitted on all sides that
