m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GÍ.OBBT.
December, ffct,
a country much larger than all the residue of the
United States; a country perhaps uurqualed in
resources, in the fertility of its soil, the naviga-
tion of its. mors, the internal commerce which it
creates and sustains, the rapidly increasing mag-
nitude of its population, and the maximum of
which it is susceptible ; unequaled in these par-
ticulars, in all probability, by any other region of
theearth of the aamecxtent. I take this occasion
to say to the Committee on Commerce, to which
T wish tins memorial referred, that this is an im-
portant interest of the western country—one in
the hands, and especially so, of the Federal
Government; that its importance, within the last
few years, has increased in a ratio far beyond the
increase of the population and the commerce of
the country. The cholera, so prevalent on the
Mississippi and its tributary streams, has given
this subject, of late years, an importance and a
magnitude almost indescribable. The want of
these hospitals scatters the cholera, and dissemi-
nates it in the neighborhoods and villages of those
rivers; whereas, if erected, they would aid in
concentrating and extinguishing it, by collecting
its patients together, and preventing their inter-
course with society. A man known to a boat's
crew to have the cholera is put on shore where-
soever he can, by stratagem or persuasion, be
deposited. He produces consternation wherever
left, is neglected or abandoned, and dies. Thus
the cholera is spread upon these rivers, among
the citizens on shore, and its fatality is greatly
increased among the river-faring men themselves.
The Committee on Commerce cannot be engaged in
a work of patriotism and devotion to the best inter-
ests of the country, of more importance; in a work
of benevolence and humanity, more broad and ex-
pansive.  This subject Juts been greatly neglected.
I do not, Mr. President, stand alone in these
opinions. The Secretary of the Treasury pressed
this subject upon the attention of the last session
of Congress. He tells us, in his report of last
year, that the laws on the subject of relief fpr
sick and disabled seamen should be revised; that
hospitals should be built, and that the fund should
be made more productive; that instead of yielding
about $60,000 per annum, it ought to produce
^ISOfiÜO a year. A fair dividend of these opera-
tions of philanthropy, on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers, would be productive of the most beneficial
results. It would produce sanitary regulations,
which would be the means of saving thousands
of lives perhaps every year,and of eheckmgand
controlling, in some measure, the cholera, that
minister of desolation amongst us.
On this subject efforts have been unceasing for
several years past. Tins is the third time that it
has been placed before the Senate by myself:
last session, by thatsaine- memorial which 1 na,w
hold in my hand, and the previous session by a
resolution which,, on my motion, was adopted by
the Senate; and 1 hope that the Legislatures, and
the Representatives of the western States, will not
cease to importune Congress until they obtain,
on this subject, some beneficial regulation. It
was referred to the Committee on Commerce of
the Senate last session; the session previous,
also. A bill was reported last winter m the other
House. It was, however, insufficient in its pro-
visions. It did not contain any appropriation for
hospitals above the mouth of the Ohio. It was
nay intention to have proposed an amendment to
it in the Senate if not amended by the House;
but it never reached this body. The practice of
the Committeo on Commerce, for years past, in
waiting for bills of the other House, has, as it
appears to me, been deleterious to much useful
business. I hope it will not be so at thp piesent
session, but that this subject will at least be taken
up and acted on by the committee of the Senate.
The want of money is not at this time a consid-
eration. We have enough, and more than we
know what to do with; and there is surely no
object more deserving the appropriation of a few
thousand dollars, than that of erecting hospitals
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen, and
river-faring men. He moved the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on Commerce; and it
was so referred.
PETITIONS,  ETC.
Mr, TALLMADGE presented the petition of
John McDonald, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed during the late wir; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of Bever-
ley Chew And others, of New Orleans; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Lerov Seguarra and others;
winch was referred ta the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. EWING presented the petition of------—
Dewes; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SWIFT presented the petition of Benja-
min Babcock; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HILL presented the petitions nf Moses
Hoot and Abijah Rings, praying for pensions;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the petition of Alvin
Edson; which was referred to the Committee od
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petition of
Alexander Ray, attorney for Garrett Tunison;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Petitions were also presented by Messrs. WEB-
STER and MOORE—names not heard.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the bill for the relief
of Hiram A. Hunter, reported the samp without
amendment.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition
of Augustus Nicholson, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to which had been referred the
petition of Mary O'Sullivan, reported a bill for
her relief; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading 
Mr. ROBINSON, from tho Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which had been referred
the memorial of the Legislature of the Territory
of Arkansas, reported ft bill making an appro- ]
priation for opening and repairing certain roads
in that Territory-, which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, the Committee
on the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to compromise the clairh of the
United States.
On motion by Mr. WRlGtTT, the Committee
on Finance was discharged from the further con-
sideration qf the memorial of Dr. William Beau-
mont, asking compensation for certain cxpcii-
ments performed'by him relative to the gastric
juice; and the same was referred to the select
committee appointed to consider the memorial of
Dr. Boyd Rücy.
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, it, was ordered,
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to.iucet
on Monday next.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
The resolution submitted by Mr. RUGGLES,
foV the appointment of a select committee on the
affairs of the Patent Office, was agreed to; and on
balloting,Messrs. Rucóles, Premtiss, and HttL,
were chosen.
HARBOR AT   MOUTH OF ST. JOSEPH'S.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the report of the
Secretary of War, together with the map on the
subject of constructing a harbor at the mouth of
the river St. Joseph, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
LANDS TO EDUCATE THE POOR.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resoliei, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making a grant
of land to one or more colleges in cacn'of the new States,
lor education of the poor upon the manual labor plan, and
that the documei therewith be referred to the same com-
mittee.
PRIVILEGES OF SENATE CHAMBER.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Pccstox, rel-
ative to the admission of visitors in the Senate
Chamber, was, on motion of Mr. Tipton, laid on
the table.
TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEERS.
The bill for the better organization of the corp
of Topographical Engineers was read the secoiK
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
AfldilS.
WRITS OF ERROR.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the bill ccm
corning writs of error and appeals  under the
revenue laws of the United States was read the
third time, and laid on the table.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the ihir-*
time and passed:
The bill to authorize the President of the Uni
ted States to cause to be run and marked the line
dividing the territory of the United States from
the State of Missouri; and
The bill for the relief of Henry B. Tyler, ex
ccutor of Lieutenant Colonel Richard B. Smith
deceased.
WILLIAM HOGAN.
The bill for the relief of William Hogan, ad-
ministrator of Michael Hogan, deteased, was
read the second time and, on motion by Mr
CLAYTON, laid on the table.
COMPENSATION OF CLERKS.
The bill supplementary to the act to frx the
compensation of the clerks in the different offices
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole, and ordered to a third
reading.
[This bill increases the compensation of the
chief clerk in the Navy Commissioner's office
and of two of the clerksin the Navy Department."
COMMODORE ISAAC HULL.
Tho bill for the relief of Commodore Isa&c- HuT
was, after some remarks from Messrs. SOUTH-
ARD and SHEPLEY, laid on the table.
The Senate then adjourned over to Monday
next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TfcüitstoAT, Deeetnher 31,1835.
Messrs. Cl.miiobve and Dickson, of Missis-
sippi,, appeared and were qualified.
GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURES.
.    Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, by unanimous con-
sont, submittal the following Tesolutioa; which
was considered and agreed to:
11 emlreá, That the Secretary of the Treasury transmit to
thi~ Hou>e the tabular (tntement exhibiting tile turns yearty
paid under each material eipenilittine from 1816 to 1834,
inclusive, referred to mlua report on the finances of the 8th
Instant.
HALL OF THE HOUSE-
Mr. WAR DWELL remarked that he had
some days since given notice of an intention to
submit a motion prohibiting, in future, the use
of the Hall of Representatives as aplace of public
worship. Re now asked the unanimous consent
of the House to make this motion.
Objection being made, Mr. WARDWELL
moved to suspend the rule.
Mr. CRAIG asked for the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered.
The motion to suspend the rule was then neg-
atived without a count.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. TURRILL, by consent, tubmitted a mo-
tion that when the House adjourn  to-day, it wil
adjourn to meet again on Monday next; which
was agreed to.
BANKS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Thomas, of Maryland, to refrr to
a select committee, with instructions, the petitions
of sundry banks in the District of Columbia,
praying for an extension of their charters.
The question pending was the amendment
offered by Mr. Bocldin, proposing to strike from
the instructions moved by Mr. Thomas so much
as provided that all future memorials of a similar
character should be referred to the same com-
mit'ee.
