THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1836.
Volime 3....No. 5.
did not like to vote for any amendment which
would prevent access to tins information, nnd
would be obliged to move to strike out the latter
clause of it.
Mr GRENNELL thought the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania not germane to
the object of inquiry, as intended by the original
resolution of the gentleman from Maryland. No
good could result from it, but much evil to the per-
sons whose names might be brought forward in
connection with banks charged with gross mis-
management. He thought the amendment en-
tirely wrong, and its object and end wrong. He
could not consent to institute a proceeding so m-
¿unous to gentlemen whose transactions with
anks were tair and honorable. He also regarded
the instructions as objectionable; for they pro-
posed too broad and too extended an inquiry; not,
however, as to the past conduct and present con-
dition of the banks, but as it regarded the trans-
actions of individuals in loans and private deal- |
ings. The original proposition empowered the
committee to sit during the present and the next
session of Congress. This seemed to be giving
too great length and permanence to the commis-
sion, and he hoped the gentleman from Maryland
would limit it to the present session.
Mr. HOWARD again asked the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he would accept the amend-
ment.
Mi. McKENNANsaid,he had no objection to
go as far as any gentleman pleased, but he had
prepared his amendment with care, and he could
not consent to its modification.
Mr. EVERETT objected to the amendment,
and said it was entirely opposed to every principle
of the side of the House with which the gentle-
man had heretofore acted. There could be no
good reason for exposing to public view every
little private transaction on the books of these
banks; and he designated it as an outrage—a cu-
riosity, worse than vain curiosity. It Would be
an invidious and wanton act, and one which he
hoped would never be concurred in by the House.
Mr. HOWARD said that, after what had fallen |
from the gentleman from Vermont, he would,for
the present, withdraw his motion, to see what
form the amendment might ultimately assume.
Mr. THOV1AS then entered into a review of
the proceedings of the committee of investigation
on the Bank of the United States, in the years
1832-'3, in reply to Mr. Adams, and in opposi-
tion to the amendment of Mr. McKennan, in f
the form in which it wai presented. Mr T. con- !
eluded by modifying his motion, so as to confine
the investigation to the present session of Con-
gress.                                                                         I
Mr. KINNARD submitted the following
amendment to the amendment of Mr. McKe vna-í :
" And to make the same inquiry, as far as
'practicable, in its application to loans made by
' the United States Bank and branches to mem-
' bers of Congress and officers of the Govern-
' ment, since the veto of the bill to recharter said
'bank, and also to loans made to members of
' Congress by all the deposit banks."                    I
Mr. KINNARD asked for the yeas and rays
on his amendment; which were ordered.
Mr. PARKER moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Monday next,
and that the several propositions be printed;
which was negatived.
Mr. PARKER briefly opposed the two propo-
sitions to amend. If members of Congress had
borrowed moBey from those banks, it was mat-
ter of no consequence in reference to the question
of the recharter of those banks. He also ob-
jected to the original proposition in the form in
which it was presented.
Mr. MANN, of New York, was opposed to
the amendment. He alluded to a former attempt
on the part of a committee of the House to in-
vestigate the affaire of the Bank of the United
States, and the refusal on the part of that institu-
tion, to submit the book*, &c. to inspection.   A
similar attempt now would be nugatory and use-
less, as the same couisc would be puisucd by
that bank. Ho had no particulai objection to the
inquiry of tin gin tit man from Pennsyhania,
[Air. McKennajj.] If there was anything rottm
in Denmark, lot it be known.
Mr. WARDWELL had hoped that this ques-
tion would have been soon or disposed of, and that
an oppoitunity would have been afforded to pre-
sent petitions, this bung the last day that the
House would sit tins week. The proposition of
the gentleman from Indiana had nothing to do
with the original proposition. Certain banks
had applied foi a renewal of their charters, and
an inquiry into the propriety of acceding to these
applications was entirely proper. The gentleman
from Indiana had, however, oifeied an amend-
ment foreign to the subject, and he ti usted it
would bo vv ithdiavvn.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, con-
curred in the views of the gentleman last up. He
would vote for the inquiry of the gentltman from
Pennsylvania. He was opposed to leaving to
the discretion of the committee what should and
what should not be reported to the House.    He
Erotested against the idea that a committee should
e in the possession of secrets which the House
itself was not to be intrusted with
Mr. McKENNAN hid a distinct object in view
when he offered his amendment, and the gentle-
man from Indiana and other gentlemen might
attempt to clog his proposition, yet ho would not
be driven from his purpose. Mr. McK con-
cluded by modifying his proposition, so as to
limit the inquiiy from the 1st of Octobei, 1833,
to the present time
Mr. GALBRAITH thought more time had
been spent upon this subject than was necessary.
He therefore moved the previous question; but
at the request of Mr. Kinnard, who desired to
make an explanation, lie withdrew his motion.
Mr. McKIM renewed it
The previous question was seconded—ayes 87,
noes 83.
The question, " Shall the main question be now
put'" (the effect of which would be, if adopted,
1 to cut off all the amendments) was then taken,
and decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YE\S—Mes-rs Antnoirv. Barton, Beale, l¡ean,Bcaid3
ley, Bovee, Brown, Bynuin, John Galhoon, Cm, Caiter,
j Casey, Chancy, Cliapman, Lhapin, Coffee, Cole*, C mner,
I Craig, Cu*hman, Davi*, Dicker on,Doubleday Efluor, Ev
Prett, Fairfield, r-irlm, Tonler, Williim lv Full-r, Gal
braith, Glascock, Haley, Jo*ep'i Hill, llilaml Hill, (lamer,
Hannegan, Samuel S Harrison, Hivne*, Hender on, Hoi
soy, Hopkins, Howard. Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman,
iDgham, William Jackson, Jabez Jackson, Jariii-, Josepn
Johnson, Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson. Henry John
son, Benjamin Jone*, Judión, K'Jnnon, Kilgoit, Khngen
sinitil, Lawler, Gideon LeOjThO'ms Lee, Leonard, Ahijan
Mann, Job Maim, Mirtin, M(i pe Mison, William Mason,
May, WcKim, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan,
Muhlenberg, Pair* , Park ,Patterson, riaiikliu Pierce.Dutee
J Pearco, Phelp-, Job i Remolds, Jo,iph Reynolds, Ro me,
Seymour. Shield*. Smith, Ta\lor,Tho na^, John Thomson,
Touccy, Town , Turner, Turrill. Underwood, V anderpoel,
Wurenr-r, Ward, Wirdw II, Webster, and V\ eclta—1O0
NA\ ^—Messrs   Adam* Chilton Allui, llaman Allen,
Bailey, Beaumont, Bell, no"lie<\ Bond   Bonlr n, Bouldin,
Boyd, Bngjs. Buchanan, Willi nn B Calhoun,Camh.elme
Campbell, George Chamber^, John Chambers, Child-', Clai- j
borne, Clark, Cleveland, Co vun,Cran^,Cu*hin'i, D^berry, i
Denny, Dromgoole, Evans, French, Philo C Fuller, Eice '
Garland, James Garland, Graham, Gmnier,  Grnntluml,
Graves, Grennell, Griffin, Hammond   Harlan, Albert C
McKaon, Morris, Owens, Parker, James A Pearee, Prtu
erew, Phillip", Picken , Piaekney, Potts, Reed, Kencher,
Rogers. Ku-sell, William B Shepard, Augu-tine II Shep
perd, Sloane, Spanker, Spracme, Standef 'r Steele, Storer,
Taliaferro,Waddy Thompson, Vinton, Washington, Whit
tlesey, Lewis William', Sherrod Wilhaiqs. and Wise—93
Mr. TALIAFERRO asked a division of the
question. He desired that a separate vote should
be taken on so much of the instructions as re-
quired that all future, or similar, memorials on
this subject should be referred to the same com-
mittee.
Mr. THOMAS proposed to modify his motion
by striking out that part which provided that all
other memonals which might be presented to the
j present Congiess, praying for the extension of
the charters of existing b-xnks in the District of
Columbia, or for the establishment of any other
bank or banks in their stead.
The SPEAKER said this could only be done
by unanimous consent, the previous question
having been ordered.
Mr. THOMAS asked the-unanimous consent
of the House to make the modification indicated,
i     Mr WISE objected.
Mr EVANS demanded that the question should
be first put on the commitment of the memonals
to a select committee; which was done accord-
ingly, and determined in the affirmative without
a division.
The question was next taken on so much of
the instructions not embraced in tha modification
last proposed by Mr. Tncyivs,a,nd carried in the
affirmative without a count.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
so much of the instructions as was proposed to
be stricken out by Mr. Thomas, in icfeience to
future memorials, and decided in the negative.
The House then adjourned over to Monday.
IN SENATE.
j                    Monday, January 4, 1836.
'     The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Navy Department, containing, in ^omohan-e with
the provisions of the act of the 8d M re'i, 1899,
an abstiact of expenditures, under the contingent
head of said Department for the list yoai.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS,   ETC.
Mr. PORTER piesented the  memorial of a
railroad company in Louis.ana, praying permis-
sion to use the publ clinds ov< r which it passes;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
j and Canals.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of Lewistown, D hware, and the
petition of sundry citizens of said State, piaying
for an appropriation for the construction of a
mole or whaif near the Delawaie breakwater,
¡ which were referred to the Comm.ttee on Com-
merce .
¡ Mr GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of the heirs of the late Ciptain George Cook,
praying compensation for services íendered and
losses sustained by the deceased in the revolu-
tionary war; which was retried to tie Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Martin
Daly and others, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; and the petition of Ciptain
John Boswoith; which was refened to the Com-
mittee on Pensions
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Daniel Stoddert, praying for a pension; which
was lefcrrcd to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LEIGH presented the petition of the rop-
íesentativcs of the late Commodore Thompson,
praying for certain allowances in his acounts,
which were disallowed him at the Navv Depart-
ment; also, praying compensation for certain dip-
lomatic services rendered by the deceased; which
was referred, the fiist prayer of the memonal to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and the second
praver to the Committee on Foreign Relations
Mr. L. also presented the petition of Richaid
Boon, praying for compensation for military sti-
vices rendered during the last war; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affans
On motion by Mr. BLACK, the petition and
papers of Andrew Knox, on the filos of the list
session, were again referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. KENT moved to take up the memoua' of
the president and directors of the Bank of the
Metropolis, praying for a recharter, and ltfcr it to
the Committee on the District of Columbia
Mr. BRENTON said, he should to-morrow
