68
THE CONGRESSIONAL tfIX)BÉ.
January 5,
employed in that Department, and the compensa-
tion paid to each
Also, a íeport from the same Department, made
in compliance with the resolutions of Congress
of the ¿3d April, 1816, and July 14, 1832, con-
taining a register of all the officeis, civil, na^al,
and military, employed m the service of the
United States
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. EWING presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Belmont county, Ohio, praying for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
and moved to refer the same to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and
On motion by Mr GRUNDY, it was laid on
the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to w Inch had been referred the bill author-
izing certain allowances to be made in the accounts
of the American Consul at London, reported the
same without amendment, and
On motion by Mr D , the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading
Mr CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred the petition
of David Bear, reported a bill for his relief,
which was read,and ordeied toa second reading
Mr C , from the same committee, to which
had been referred the petition of James Thomas,
reported a bill for his relief, w Inch w as read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which had been íeferred the message
of the President relative to the bequest to the
United State"! of the late James Simthson, of
London, for the pulpóse of founding a seminaiy
of learning at the city of Washington, made a
report thereon, accompanied by a joint resolut on
authorizing the President to aopoint an agent for
the purpose of receiving the éequest, and carry-
ing the intentions of the testator in that behalf
into effect.
The resolution was read, and ordered to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. L., from the same committee, to which
had been referred the bill for the relief of Theo-
dore Bright-well, reported the same without
amendment
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to Which had beenrefeiied the bill
to revive and continue the act for the relief of the
legal representatives of John Donnell and Stephen
Heard, reported the same without amendment     j
Mr LINN, from the Committee oh Private
Land Claims, to which had been inferred the bill
to revive and continue in force the act for the |
final adjustment of private land .claims in Mib- |
soun, reported the same without amendment.      I
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that he would,
to-morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill to authorize
the Leavenworth and Bloomington and other
railroad companies therein named, to locate roads
through the public lands.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. KING, of Alabdma, in pursuance of notice
given, asked and obtained leave, and introduced
a bill to authorize George Whitman and John B.
Lamar to import, free of duty, an a on steam-
boat, in detached parts; also, a bill making an
appropriation for the completion of the road from
Lime Creek to Chattahoochee, and for the con-
struction of bridges thereon? both of which were
twice read, and referred.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies on the tibie one day
Resolved, That a «elect committee of fK c be rai-ed to net
jointly with any committee raised lor similar purpose* by
the House of Representatives, to whom shall be relerred all
the petitions now presented to the Senate lor the renewal
of Bank charters within the District of Columbii, with au-
thority to examine into the conduct of said banks, and
for that purpose to have authority tp send for persons and
papers, to ni-pect book , and to examine witnesses on
oath , also, to examine into the condition of the cur
rency m the District ot Columbia, and the means of ím
proving it, and approximating it to the currency of the
Constitution; also, to inquire into the necessity (if any)
tor banks of circulation in tae District of Columbia, in
eontr-idistinction to banks of discount and deposit, and
for d-almg m bullion and exchange, al o, to inquire
how fir banks ot any kind aro wanted for the use? of the
Federal Government in this District, and wherefore the
Trea urcr of th- United States may not act as keeper and
payer ot the public moneys within the District of Columbia,
and drawer 01 check'  or drafts in favor of tho^c who may
choose to recive their monev el «where The said select
committee to have leave to employ a clerk, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and adopted:
Retailed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be*rected
to report to the Senate, before the third Monday of the pres-
ent instant, the amount ot revenus trom all sources, during
the j car ending on the 31st December last as far a  returns
have b°en received, with an estimate of the amount to be
received
Mr. RUGGLES submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and adopted-
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate, the survey and plan of We>t
Tbomaston harbor, m Maine, together with the estimated
expense ot contemplated improvements therein, made pur-
suant to a resolution of the laot Congress.   *
Mr TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reorganising
the General Land Office, so as> to give it uioie efficiency,
and to cnab'e that office to meet the exigencies of the in
creased and increasing wants of the «ettlers in the western
country, and also of making that office a separate depart
ment ot the Government.
Mr EWING submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was consideied and adopted:       «*
Resoloed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what has been the whole cost of
attending the pu-olnse and managem^ntof the public lands
up to the fiist day of January, 1833, designating the amount
ot each of the various hcad= Of expenditure , also, that he
inform the Senate what amount ot land has been surveyed
and offered for «ale in each ot the States and Territories,
the amount which lias been sold in each, and the net pro
ceeds of such sales to the said first day of January, 1836
THE JUDICIARY SYSTEM.
On motion by Mr CLAYTON, the Senate
proceeded to the eonsideratioh of the bill in addi-
tion to the " act to amend the judiciary system of
die United States "
Mr TALLMADGE moved an amendment in
the second section, after the word "annually, "in
the twentieth line, bymserting the words, "in the
northern district of New York, at Albany, oñ the
fiist Tuesday in June and the second Tuesday in
October," which was agreed to.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved an amendment in
the tenth line of the first section, to make it read,
"the eastern and icetfetn district  of Pennsyl-
vania." Also, in the second section, fifteenth
line, by inserting the words, "in the western
district, in the city of Pittsburg, on the 17th day
of March;" which was agreed to
Mr. B. also introduced an amendment" to pre-
vent the bill in its operation from interfering with
the holding of the courts in Utica, in the State of
New York, and Wiiliamsport, in the State of
Pennsylvania; whieh was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON moved a  amendment in the
fourth section,after the word " Alabama,"in the
eighth line, the words, "the northern district
of New York, and western district of Pennsyl-
vania;" which was agreed to.
After some further verbal amendments,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the third
time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy,
The bill for the relief of the owners of the
Brig Despatch and cargo, and
The bill for the relief of Irvin Shubnck.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and when the doors were opened,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuespat, January 5, 1836.
Mr. DUNLAP, fiora the Committee on the
Public Lands, by unanimous consent, reported a
bill to amend the act authorizing the State of
Tennessee  to issue grants and perfect titles to
certain lands therein desenbtd, and to settle the
claims to the vacant and unappropnatcd lands
within the same State, passed the lbth of April,
1806.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD moved to suspend the
rules, in order that reports might be received from
the standing committees; which was agreed to.
Mr.CAMBRELENG.from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making an
appropriation for suppressing hostilities, com-
menced by the Seminole Indians, which was read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. gave notice that, in consequence of the
urgent necessity that this bill should be speedily
acted on, he should call it up to-morrow.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported the
following bills, which were read twice, and com-
mitted :
A bill making appropriations for the current
expenses of the Indian Depaitment, and for In-
dian annuities and other similar objects, for 1836,
and
A bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon & Co ,
of New York.
Mr C.,from the same committee,reported the
following substitute for the second section of the
bill for the relief of the sufferers by the late fire in
the city of New York:
Sec 2 And be if further enacted, That the collecto r of
the port of New York is hereby authorized and directed to
extend the payment in the manner pi escribed in the first
section ot this act of all other bond.i given tor duties at the
port ot New York, prior to the late fire, and not provided
for in th_ fir~t section, as a oresaid, for six, nine, aud twelve
months, from and after the dayot payment specified in the
bonds Prouded, hotieicr, That nothing contained in this
act shall extend to bonds winch had fallen due before the
17th day of December last
Mr. C. gave notice that he would call up, for
consideration, this bill, and the bill making partial
appropriations for the support of Government for
the year 1836,on to-moirow.
Mr. C, from the same committee, moved that
a document in relation to the remission of duties
under the tariff of 1828, be printed for the use of
the House, which was agreed to.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported the following
bills, which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Amy Wilson; and
A bill for the relief of Peter Doxtater and Jacob
Weaver.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the following bills, which "were
read twice and committed-
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Haliday, and
A bill for the rehef of William Wooáward and
William Mitchell.
Mr. GRENNELL, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Josias Thompson, which was
read tw«te and committed.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
relief of Gilbert A Smith and others; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Corrimittee on Claims,
reported a bi 1 for the relief of Clark Allen; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported a bill to
incorporate a fire insurance company in the town
of Alexandria, District of Columbia, which was
read twice, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time to-morrow.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following bills, which were
read twice and committed:
A bill corfcerning pensions, payable out of the
navy pension fund;
A bill for the relief of Samuel W Ruff; and
A bill for the relief of James Wiltbank
Mr. KENNON, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill for the rehef of F
Eskndge and E. Fisk; which was lead twice and
committec|.
Mr. CRANE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill foi the íclicf of
the legal representatives of Dr. Absalom Baird,
which w as read twice and committed.
