1836.
THI) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
W
Mr M lY.from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Daniel
Smith, « Inch w as read tw ice and committed
Mr C\SE"i,fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, made a ri port, accompanied by a bill to
graduate the price of the public lands, to make
Í>ro\ rsion for actual settlers, and to cede the refuse
ands to the States wherein the same may he,
which was read twice and committed
Mr WILLI \MS, of North Carolina, said, as
the bill last ropoited was one of great importance,
he would move that one tliousand additional
copies of the bill and report be printed.
Mr. SLADE named three thousand copies.
Mr. WILLIAMS accepted the modification,
when the motion, by consent, was considered
and agreed to
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands reported a bill for the relief of John
Dement, which was read twice and committed
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to author
lze a compromise and secure to the United States
the title to Pea-Patch Island, in the State of Del-
aware; which was read twice ard committed
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Parish Carter and the heirs of Charles Wil-
liamson, deceased, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. JONES, of Virginia, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Nathaniel Tyler, which was read
twice and committed.
Mr PIERCE, of New Hampshire, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for
the relief of Thomas McLeUand and James
Smith, which Was read twice and committed
Mr HARRISON, of Missouri, fi om the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported the following
bills, which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of David Browning; and
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Boone.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of James Caulfield; which, was read
twiee and committed.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Don Louis Rosamond Orillion; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. INGHAM, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of William
Stanard; which was read twice and committed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions
were made by Messrs. HAYNES, WHITTLE-
SEY, DAVIS, KENNON, WILLIAMS of
North Carolina, PIERCE of New Hampshire,
STORER, LINCOLN, BOND, LEA of Ten-
nessee, LAWLER, COFFEE, LYON arid FRY,
from their respective standing committees.
REPORTS FROM SELECT COMMITTEES.
Mr. STORER, from the select committee to
whom the petition of Morgan Neville had been
referred, reported a joint resolution; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. WISE, from the select committee raised
on the subject, reported a bill to carry into effect
a resolution of the Congres  of 1787, to erect a
marble column at Yorktown, m. Virginia-, which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. MANN, of New York, from the select
committee to whom had been referred the Rules
of the House, reported sundry amendments to
the same; which were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
HATS OFF.
Mr. PARKER asked the consent of the House
to receive and print an additional amendment,
providing that, during the session of the House,
the members should, unless otherwise ordered,
sit uncovered.
The House refused to receive the amendment.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications :
I. A report from the Secretary of the Navy, in
pursuance of the act of 3d March, 1809, embrac-
ing an abstract of expenditure under the contin-
§ent head of said Department; which was laid on
íe table, and ordered to be printed.
II.  A report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
pursuant to a resolution of the 31st of December
Hst, containing a tabular statement of the sums
yearly paid undereach particular head of expend-
iture, since the year 1816, which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be punted.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, in view of the import-
ance of this document, moved, by consent, that
five thousand additional copies be printed; which
was agreed to.
III.  A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in pursuance of a resolution of
July 10, 1832, various statements showing the
capital, the amount of notes in circulation, specie
on hand, discounts, &c, of State banks; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, by consent, moved to
print five thousand additional copies of the last
named document.
Mr. G. LEE, of New York, suggested seven
thousand five hundred
Mr. MANN, of New York, named ten thou-
sand
Objection being made to the consideration of
the proposition it this time, it was, under the
ules, laid ovei one day
IV.  A communication from the Stcietaryof
War, in relation to the condition of ordnance and
ordnance stores; which was lnid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
V.   A letter from the SecieUry of State, trans-
mitting printed copies ot the Annual Register of
the Expenditures of the Government, which was
laid upon the table.
VI A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting a list of the clerks employed in his De-
partment, and their compensation, which was
referred to the Committee on the Expenditures in
the State Department, and ordered to be printed.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional depositions in the contested election from
North Carolina, which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Elections.
CLERKS FOR QUARTERMASTER GENERAL.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to authorize
the quartermaster general to employ additional
clerks and a messenger in h¿s office, which was
read twice and committed.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed.
A bill for the relief of Henry B Tyler, execu-
tor of Colonel Richard Smith,
A bill to extend two patents to James Barron;
A bill supplementary to " An act to regulate and
fix the compensation of the elprks in the public
offices," passed April 28, 18J8, and
A bill authorizing the President of the United
States to run and mark the line dividing the tei-
rltory of the United States and the State of Mis-
souri.
MEMORIAL OF LEGISLATURE  OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. BE\RDSLEY asked the consent of the
House to present, and to refer to the Committee
on the Judiciary, a memorial purporting to be
from the Lr gislature of the State of Michigan.
Mr  BOND moved that it bo not received
Mr. BEARDSLCY hoped that the House would
permit the memorial to tike the usual couise
He saw no necessity for so much formality about a
matter so trifling    He moved to suspend the rule,
in order to eniole him to present the petition.
Mr. KINNARD demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rule, which w ere
ordered, and were as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Adam?, Anthony, Ash, Ashley, Bailey,
Bean, Beardsley, Bockee, Borden, Bo\ee, Bovd, Brown,
Buchanan, Cambrefcng, Casey, Chapman, Chapm, Cleve-
land, Coffee, Conner, Craig, Cramer, Ciuhuian. ÍJouWeday,
Dromgoole, Efflier. Fairfield, Farlin, French, Fry, Philo C.
Fuller,WilliamK.Fuller,Galbraith.Jamts Gailand.Gillet,
Glascock, Grantland, Grayson, Joseph Hall, Samuel S
llamsdn Albert G Harrison, Hawes, Haynes, Hender-
son, Hoteey, Hopkins, Uubley, Huntington, Ingham, Wrt-
bam Jackson, Jabez Jackson, Ricbard M Johnson, John
W. Jones, Judson, Kennon, Khngensmith, Lansing, La
porte, George W Lay, Gideon Lee, Jo-hua Lee, Leon
ard, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Abijan Mann. Job Mann, Man-
ning, Mania, John ¥. Mason, William Mason. Moses Ma
•On, May, McComas, McKay, McKeon, MeKiin, Mont-
fomery, Moore, Morgan, Muhtenb rg, Owens, Page, Parker,
'arks, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Pons, Roane, Robert* 
| Rojcr . Russell, Seymour, William B Shepard, Shinn,
Smith, Steele. Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas, Toueey,
Town , Tumll, Vanderpoel, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell,
Wa tungton and Week«—110
N \YS—Mes«r=-Clulton Allan, Heman Allen, Beale, Bell,
Bond, Bngji, Bunch, Bynum, John Calhoon, William B.
Calhoun, Campbell, George Chambers, John Chambers,
Ciiincv, Cluld«, Nathaniel H Claiborne, John F H Clai-
borne, Clark, Coles, Com in, Crane, Davis, Deberry, Dennv,
Evans, Everett, Forester, luce Garland, Graham, Granger,
Graves, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Uamer, Hammond,
Hanaegan, Ilurd, Hardin, Harlan, Hazeltinc, Hoar, Howell,
Huntsman, Ingersoll, Janes, Jam , Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Henry Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kilgore, Kin-
nard, Lane, Laivler, I awrence Thomas Loe, Luke Lea,
Lincoln, Lo\e, Lucas, Samp on Ma-on, Maury, MeCarty,
McKennau, McLene, Mercer, Milliqan, Morn , Patterson,
Patton, Dutee J Pearce, James A Poaree, Pettigrew
Phillips, Pmckney, Read Rencher, John Reynolds, Riplev,
Schenck, Augustine H Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Sloan,
Spangler, Sprasue, btandiicr, Storer, Talialcrro! Joint
Thomson, Waddv Thompson, Turner, Underwood, Vin-
ton, V\ eb-ter. White, Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, Sherrod
W uliams, and Wise—101
So the House refused to suspend the rule, two
thirds being necessary.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The first business for consideration was the
Question debated yesterday on the point of or-
er, on the petition presented by Mr, Adams,
from certain citizens of Massachusetts, praying
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade
\\ ithin the District of Columbia.
Mr CRAIG expressed a hope that the House
would consent to proceed in the call for petitions,
a-  this was the last day of the session, except on
Mondays, when petitions and memorials could be
presented
Mr   BEARDSLEY  moved that  the subject
befoie the House, viz: the question of orderand
the principal subject connected with it, be post-
poned till Tuesday nelt, which was agreed to.
¿EVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
On motion by Mi   ADAMS, it was
Resohcl, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen
sions be nisfu"tcd to inquire into the expediency of restor-
ing to Hie list of pasionera for services m the revolution
arv war, the names of all persons who were entitled to
and ob lined pensions under the act of Congress of 18th
March, 1818, but whose names were afterwards stricken
from the list, and have not suiee been restored for the sin-
gle reason, that tlney were not in abject poverty
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed toinqnire into tlie propriety of grantingto Cap-
tain John Sinitfy of the borough ot Carlisle, in the State of
Pennsylvania,late a lieutenant in the revolutionaryarmy,
commutation payin lieu of half pay during Ufe, and that an
the papers now on the files of this House relating thereto
be reigned to the said committee.
Mr. CRAIG, by leave, offered the following
resolution, which was agieed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the propriety ot allowing Da-
vid L Johnston, sole heir of Captain James Johnston, who
fell in the war ot the Revolution, the seven j ears' half pay
p-oniised uj the resolution of the old Congress of the 24th
, of Augu t, 1789, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. PATTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revplutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law for the payment to Philip Lightfoot, of Port Roval,
Virginia, of the commutation of five yeans* fall pay (with
interest) in lieu of half-pay for life, due to his father, Philip
Liglifout, for services in the war of the Revolution
R. P. LETCHER AND THOMAS P. MOORE.
On motion by Mr J Y. MASON, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Elections be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing Ibr the payment
to Robert P Letcher and Thomas P Moore, the compen-
sation fixed by law, as member  of the Twenty Third Con-
gress from the State of Kentucky, for their attendance at
the first session of that Congress
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. ADAMS, LAWRENCE, LINCOLN,
PHILLIPS, REED, JACKSON, GRENNELL,
GUSHING, and CALHOUN, of Massachu-
setts;
Mi. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
Messrs. INGHAM, TOUCEY, and HALEY,
of Connecticut;
Mr EVERETT, of Vermont;
Messrs WARDWELL, GILLET, HARD,
HAZELTINE.MANN.BEARDSLEY, CAM-
BRELENG, CHAPÍN, M'KEON, VANDER-
POEL, TURRILL, WARD, TAYLOR, HUN-
TINGTON, and PULLER, of New York.
[Mr. Beahdslet presented a memorial from
