7*0
THE CONGTHESSÍÓÑAt G¿OBÉ.
January 6,
the Leg sla'U' r of ^. nigin. Mr. E. said he had
not i. u! t'l ■ ■• l-ii '1 through, but is the subje t
had «¡ready been refera üd to t'ie Committee on
the Judic.a. y, an 1 wa<* tVn unck r^oingm vestiga-
t on befo.e that c-m-invttie.and is the memorial ho
held in his hand assumed to be .in argument on
the same subject, he moved fiat it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and printed.
Mi. Hvw-e-siv "¡ltd for the reading: of the
memo'ual, which, having been done, Mr. H.
moved Us injection, and called for the yeas and
nays
The Cu vik decided that the question must he
over till the next day of presenting petitions.
Mr. Chapiv presented the memorial of John
McDonnell, of Michigan, asking compensation
fen property destroyed dining the late war.
Mr. Tirrill presented the following:
A petition of the hens of Peter Dygert, asking
payment foi seivices during the Revolution, for
wliieh Pettr Dygert received Continental money,
tlrat proved to be of no value.
Petition of Joel Burt, asking for the passage of
a law to satisfya judgmentrecovered against him
by Charles B. Bristol, in consequence of his acts
iri enforcing the embargo law as United States
collector.]
Mi. PARKER, of New Jersey;
Messrs. MeKENNAN, HUBLEY, CHAM-
BERS, GALDRAITH, MUHLENBERG, AN-
THONY, BUCHANAN, DENNY, INGER-
SOLL, ASH,and SUTHERLAND, of Pennsyl-
vania ;
Mr. MILLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messrs. McKIM, STEELE, WASHING-
TON, PEARCE, and TURNER, of Maryland;
Messrs. LUCAS, MERCER, CRAIG, MA-
SON, LOYALL, JOHNSON, PATTON, TAL-
IAFERRO, MORGAN, and WISE, of Virginia;
All which petitions were respectively referred
to the appropriate standing committees.
DELAY IN THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. WISE said, it would be recollected that,
on the 8th of December last, he had moved that
fifteen thousand copies of the President's mes-
sage, with the accompanying documents, and live
thousand without the documents, in addition to
the usual number, should be printed for the use
of the members of the House. He found by the
joint resolution, prescribing the duties of the
public printers, that in case of any inconvenient
delay in the public printing, or in the delivery of
the woik, the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House were respectively authorized
and íequired to employ another printer to execute J
any portion of the work, and charge the excess
above what was allowed by the joint resolution,
to the printer guilty of such negligence or delay, i
Mr. W. wished to inquire of the Clerk, whether i
he could inform the House of the cause of the
gross negligence or delay, on the part of the
public printer, in printing these fifteen thousand
copies of the message and documents, and five
thousand of the message alone. Heretofore this
work had been done within the first week or ten
days; now, nearly a month had transpired, and
only a very small number had been sent in.
The CfcrAIR said that, during the time occu-
pied in the receipt of petitions, no discussion on
other subjects could he entertained.
Mr. G1LLET said he was piepared to give
the required information, if the House would
permit.
The CHAIR said he could not permit any dis-
cussion, without the House gave leave.
Mr. G1LLET then asked leave to explain; he
Jesired'to make a brief statement only in reply
to the interrogatory of the gentleman 'from Vir-
ginia.                                                            '
■•-Objections were raised in several -parts of the
House, and a motion was made by Mr. REY-
NOLDS,.of Illinois, to adjourn, which Was car-
ried; anA-
The House adjourned at four o'clock, p. m.
\\     ¡      '          IN SENATE.
r "Wednesday, January 6, 1836.
Petitions' were presented by Messrs. WHITE,
TYLER.'LEIGH, ROBINSON, and PORTER.
rMr.i.8£NTOa.T   presented a communication
from Colonel Bankliead, Captain Washington,
and Lieutenant Vipton,a committee in 1 t-half of
sundry offi~eis oí" t íe Ai my, containing two pio-
jeets for the equalization oí t.it pay of the Aimy
and Navy of the United Stilt .
On motion by Mi. B., it was refened to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which the subject had been
referred, reported a bill making appropriations for
the continuation of the Cumberland road, in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. TIPTON, the Committee
on Claims were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bills for the payment of a debt
due to Joseph Bogy, for the payment of a debt
due to Antoine Peltier, and for the relief of Pierre
Menard; and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Claims,
to which the subject had been referred—the bill
for the relief of John McCarty—reported the same
without amendment, but with a recommendation
that it ought not to pass.
Mr. S., from the same committee, made an
unfavorable report on the petition of Nahum
Ward, President of the Ohio Company.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to which had been refened the
memorial of "James Smith, made an unfavorable
report thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, submitted a resolution, which was con-
sidered and adopted.
NEW POST ROUTES IN MISSOURI.
The resolution submitted on Monday last by
Mr. Livn, relative to the establishment of sun-
dry new post routes in Missouri, was considered
and adopted.
(A slight error occurred in copying this reso-
lution.    It contemplates running a line of stages
from St. Charles to Palmyra, which was omitted.]
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Tipton, relative to the Land Office, was consid-
ered and adopted.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Benton, for the appointment of a select com-
mittee on the petitions of the Distract banks,
praying for recharter, was, on motion by Mr.
Southard, postponed to Monday next.
BERNARD* PATTON.
The report of the Committee on Claims, unfa-
vorable to the petition of Bemaffl Patton, was
concurred in.
AMERICAN CONSUL AT LONDON.
The bill authorizing the allowance of certain
charges in the accounts of the American Consul
at London, was read the third time and passed.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
The bill supplementary to the act entitled " an
act to amend the judiciary system of the United
States," came up on its thud reading; when,
Mi. BLACK called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and they were accordingly
ordered.
Mr. BENTON observed that he would not have
said one word relating to this bill, if the yeas and
nays had not been ealhd; and as they were called,
he would not say more than a dozen. He should
vote for this bill, because it suited the section of
country from which he came, and because it was
also desirable to several States that it should pass.
He had, however, objections to it,vvhirh he should
hot then trouble the 'Senatp with a detail of; and
before he gave his vote he wished it distinctly
understood that he had objections, and if ever he
was called on to state them, either there or else-
where, he was ready to do so. One word while
he was up in reference to a remark of the chair 
man of the committee the othe>r day. H'ei(Mi.
B.) also objected to seeing the judges a debating
body, though he should wish ,ro see as mtmy
judges as twelve. He meant as many as twelve
on paper, for he did not believe that that number,
if the bench consisted by law of so many, would
ever be all present on the bench at one time.
Mr. CLAYTON said that his objections were
the vcrv opposite of the objections of the S( nator
fiomMissjuii, [Mi. Benton.] lie (Ylt.C) was
opposed to nieiiasiiig the numbi i of judges to
the number of twelve. IJe li >p( d the pass ige
of this bill would put that quibtion forevir at
rest, and that the number of jud¿( s ncvei would
exceed nine at most.
Mr. PORTER rose briefly to remark, that it
was rather strange to hour a gentleman say he
was about to vote for a bill, but had same objec-
tions to it. That occuned with regard to almost
ev li y bill that came before the Senate. Members
had ¡>omc ¡small objections to importantmcasuies,
but waived them on account of the gieater good
to be obtained. He should i egret that the bill
went to the other House under the disadvantage
that there were scnous objections to it. With
respect to the number of judges on the bench,
he should much legret to see moie than twelve;
for, although twelve men might be stronger than
six, he never could believe thai they weic wiser.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed—yeas 38, nay 1, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan, Cal
houn, Uavton, Crittenden, Davia, Evvuig, Golttborougti,
Grundy, Henrfnck , Hubbard, Kent, King ot Alabama,
Kmjtit, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Man um¡ JMoore, Morns,
Nile*, Porter, Pientiaa, I're'stou, Uobbia , llobin&ou, Bug-
gies, blieptej, Southard, Swift, Tomluison, Tyler, VVafi,
Wt batir, White, and Wright—38.
NAY—Mr  Hill—I.
DETERIORATION OF UNITED SÍATÉS COIN.
The joint resolution directing experiments to
be made at the Mint to ascertain how far a dete-
rioration of the coin of the United States can be
prevented, was taken up and consideied as in
Committee of the Whole; and,
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, laid c?n the table.
REPRESENTATIVES OF ROBEJtT JOUETT.
The bill for the relief oF the legal representa- 
tives of Robert Jouett, deceased, was read tha
second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole, and, after having been explained and
advocated by Mr. Letgh', ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
SENATE GALLERIES AND CHAMBER.
Mr. PRESTON moved the consideration of the
resolution, offered by him some days ago, and
which in his absence had, on motion by Mr. Tip-
ton, been laid on the table.
TJie resolution reads thus:,                ,    '
Retolced, That the regulation  in relation to the Senate
Chamber and gaMcrres, adopted at the present se-«¡on, fx
rescinded, except bo muctt as relaté  tó (he reporters.
Mr. PRESTON said .the object of the resolu-
tion was to establish things exactly as they were
before the adoption of the resolution now in force
in the Senate, e^«ept as regarded the reporters,
who were excepted in the resolution he had of-
fered—seats having been provided for them by the
existing resolution on the floor of the Seriate. It
was a privilege Which, like others, might be
abused-, but inconvenience raiüht, by proper cir-
cumspection in future, be avoided. It was very
desirable to hare persons in the lobhy who had
business, without going out during the session to
speak with them. The lobby might on extraor-
dinary occasions be crowded to some extent^ but
he thought it migJrt berestriated on any occasion
witlim proper bouaada.v He thought so graye, so
. dignified, and so.aged a body* might safely be
1 trusted with the pimlegeof keeping open doois.
The supposed necessity of auca a provision would
I induce a circumspection that would guard againat
the inconveniences- heretofore experienced.
Mr. PORTER understood the Senator from
South Carolina [Mn Prsstpn] to regard the rule
| adopted as an innovation upon the rurea of the
1 Senate. , Until within a very few years back the
regulation was precisely the same as it is now.
The resolution adopted for the regulation of the
Senate Chamber, and now in force, was thesame
verbatim H M/«raiM ij>tiHc/*<riiHtt stheoriesadojptcd
. by the House pf Representares. .Until the
adoption of the present rogutaticjiithoSepate had
I experienced great inconvenience, ' He1 would like
the honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Preston] to point outgome «leans of prevention
against the intrusion of a crowd. Would the
inducements to the cp|U etion of a crowd be any
less than heretofore' Would any Senator reñís*
the admission of any one who would ask him?
