1836.
T!HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
Persons were much exposed in crowds.   On one
occasion an honorable gentleman had had his
pocket picked in a crowd in the gallery. The
attraction of an audience was great. There were
occasions on which gentlemen would withdraw
their attention from the business before the Sen-
ate, and turn round, to more attractive objects in
the gallery. He was willing to afford further
facilities to spectators by making some additional
exceptions t> the rule prohibiting them; but he
was opposed to any measure calculated to dis-
turb the public business.
Mr. PRESTON said, that under the late rule,
as far as his experience went—and he believed his
and the gentleman's [Mr. Porter] was about the
same—he thought the business of the Senate had
been as well conducted as at any time. The
presence of an audience evidently excited them
to a more faithful discharge of their duty. It
was a privilege incident to all deliberative bodies,
and one that ought not to be withheld. He flat-
tered himself that he was not more susceptible
of those attractions alluded to by the gentleman
[Mr. Porter] than the gentleman himself; and
he was very certain they had never hindered him
|Mr. Prestos] in the discharge of his duties.
He had experienced much inconvenience under
the present rule. He had at times, in the press !
of important business, been called three or four
times to the door to persons who wished to see
him. The rescinding of the rule would not be
attended with so much inconvenience in the Sen-
ate as in the House of. Representatives, where
the throug was more general. It seemed to him
that the whole organization of the Senate had
fallen upon a very limited number of members.
It did not seem to him that there would be any
difficulty in vesting the Senate with the power to
say what number ofspeetatorsshouId.be admitted.
He did not believe it would be indiscriminately
exercised.    He had himself refused admission to
persons applying to him on certain occasions, and
he believed other Senators would exercise a rea-
sonable discretion also.     The gentleman [Mr.
'Porter] had alluded to the circumstance of a
gentleman having his pockets picked.   He trusted
the pocket that was picked belonged to the hon-
orable gentleman who had introduced the person !
who did it.    The privilege of witnessing the pro- '.
ceedingsof the British Parliament was not denied
the public.    It had been stated that the presence
of an audience was apt to divert the discussion of
subjects before the Senate into other channels. '
He was not averse to the- Senate exercising a
proper influence upon popular opinion, and he
could see no reason why the Senate should not
have the same liberty ¡n that respect that other I
bodieshad.   They had all firmness enough tose- I
cure the Senate from the inconveniences growing j
out of the extension of the privilege.   He would !
be glad tq see the resolution pass, or modified so j
as to suit the gentleman.                                          I
Mr. PORTER wished to exclude the, idea that !
he was opposed to the proceedings of the Senate [
being made public. There are professional per- '
sons here (said he) whose business it is to take an :
account of the proceedings of the Senate—and ]
others, who are connected with newspaper estab- i
lishments, have access to us. He would he sorry
any Senator should be so unfortunate as to have j Í
his pockets picked. The gentleman who had had i
his pockets picked, no doubt, was deceived in the i
character of the person whom he had introduced. ■
He thought the gentleman | Mr. Preston] was i
not so old as to be impervious to the attractions of
the ladies. No doubt the animating motive was
the country's good; but he would ask the gentle-
man if the splendid figures of speech the Senate
had witnessed on certain occasions, were not
stimulated,in some degree, by the sajiles of the
ladies ? Some part of the gallery had been appro-
priated to the members of the other branch/and
the adoption of this rule would tend to exclude
them.
Mr. CALHOUN vas disposed Wpm this ques-
tion tipon different grounds from what either of
the gentlemen who had spoken upon it had. Our
Government was a popular Government, and he
was disposed to accommodate as much as possi-
. ble the people that belonged to it. Those galleries
were made for the accommodation of the public,
and the public had a right to the use of them!
I The smaller gallery had been thrown open, but
the more commodious one had been closed against
aged persons and others, unless they had females
under their charge; and shall we (said Mr. C.)
keep that gallery (turning to the circular gallery)
continually shut a«ainst the people of this Union?
He had higher objects in view than some of the
gentlemen who advocated the passage of the res-
olution. He looked to the great struggle they
■were going to have in that body (the Senate)
with one branch of the Government; and it was
plainly to be s ;en, by the course pursued in rela-
tion to this resolution, who were the advocates
of power, and by whom secrecy was desired. In a
struggle between power and the peopte—between
power and liberty, an audience was materially
necessary. In the great struggle for liberty, the
galleries were thrown open.    The reports were
i thrown coldly on the world, and could not be re-
lied on. He would suggest that a certain number
of tickets should be given out, in order to pre-
vent the gallery from being crowded to excess.
He would hold that the generous-minded ladies
themselves would fully accord with his views.
Mr. C. concluded his remarks by demanding the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to amend the reso-
lution by striking out all after the word " Re-
solved,   and inserting—
That the circular gallery of the Senate Chamber be open
for the admi sion of spectator.-', ahd that each Senntqr be
allowed to admit any number, not exceeding three, into the
lobby of the Senate, in front of the Chair.
Mr. MANGUM thought it to be very desir-
able that the Senate should throw open its galle-
ries entirely, and that the restrictions should apply
to the number of persons to be admitted on the
floor of the Senate. He had witnessed, under the
change of the rule, in his own person, decided in-
convenience; yet he should be willing to agree to
any modifications of the resolution the gentleman
might choose to propose, provided the galleries
were thrown open to spectators. Under the old
rule,spectators were not permitted to comewithin
the bar of the Senate, nor to go behind the pillars;
therefore no very great inconvenience was occa-
sioned by their admission. He, himself, though
occupying a seat in the outer range, had expe-
rienced no inconvenience from the spectators. He
■would agree to the resolution, if the "restrictions
were conined to the floor of the Senate, but he
would never agree that the galleries should be
.closed.  There would be one inconvenience,how-
! ever, in the restrictions as to the floor of the Sen-
ate. We have (said he) strangers here from all
parts of the Union, and we have in our intercourse '
with them to go out of the Chamber, thus incur-
ring the risk of being absent when a vote is taken; \
while, under the old rule,, we could still have the
necessary intercourse with our friends and con-
stituents, without losing any part of the business
going on. He felt that there was much force in
the remnrks of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, that the public eye should not .be shut in the
proceedings of that body. He wished for him-
self, and for those with whom he acted, to have
a fair chance on that floor; for he believed that, if
a fair chance was. to be had, it would only be had
on that side of the Capitol. Again, he was not
willing to incur the risk of the imputation that
might be cast on them, in consequence of restrict-
ing the admissions into the Chamber, that the
Senate did not wish to give the dtrnost publicity
to its proceedings. As to the galleries, they
should be thrown freely open to all. It was
what the public had a right to expect, and he
hoped the Senator from Delaware would rtiodify
his resolution, so as to meet their j&st expecta-
tions.
Mr. CLAYTON was perfectly willing to take '.
the suggestion of the gentleman from North Car-
olina.    His only object was to admit as many as
■ possible in the circular gallery, without excluding
the ladies.    He thought the restrictions as to the
floor of the Senate should still be continued.
. • Mr. PRESTON regretted that his friend.from ,,
Delaware should persist in giving the same effect '■'
to his amendment.  He was inclincd.to think that I
the inconveniences under the old rule had  been [,
much exaggerated.    No  deliberative body had j
ever conducted its business in a more orderly i
manner than the .Senate, and in «one had there i i
been less interruption to the proceedings. As for
accidents, such as had been alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, they were unavoidable, and
might occur anywhere; for he had heard that a
gentleman had been robbed at a private party in
Washington. But lie put it to gentlemen, if the
business of the Senate had not always been con-
ducted in the most orderly manner, and whether
they would continue these restrictions on account
of the.slight inconveniences that had attended the
operations of the old rule ? On what occasions
(he asked) had such great crowds been collected
there? Why, on occasions of great excitement,
when subjects of deep and absorbing interest
were debated; and he was very willing on such
occasions to submit to slight inconveniences,
rather than exclude any who could by possibility
be admitted. He had witnessed, for many years
past, the occasional throngs which debates of
great interest and importance had collected here,
and, although almost suffocated by the crowds,
yet there had been no interruption to their pro-
ceedings. If any were excluded, he did not hes-
itate to say that'it should be the ladies, rather
than those who came from different parts of thft
Union to hear and report what passed in that
body. He was not disposed to give to the ladies
more than their sex deseired; it was not desirable
that they should be there at all.    It was man__
thinking man—for whom they acted, who should
superintend their proceedings. He again repeated
the belief, that the inconveniences under the old
rule had been greatly exaggerated; he had never
seen the business in any manner interrupted. He
laid down this general proposition, that it was the
bou iden duty of that body to give to the public
to the utmost extent the proper accommodation.
He oiijected to the limitation proposed by the
Senator from Delaware. They had already closed
"more than half of their house to spectators; the
"small gallery was daily crowded almost to suffo-
cation, while the circular gallery seldom contained
more than a dozen ladies. He believed that no
serious inconvenience had resulted from the old
rule, and he hoped that his resolution would be
permitted to pass without limitation.
Mr. CALHOUN said he should vote for the
resolution of his colleague, with the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware,because he wished
to take the question as to opening the galleries.
If, hereafter, it should be found that the lobby
could contain more than the amendment proposed
to admit, without inconvenience, it might be fur-
ther opened; but he was of opinion that the gal-
leries ought to be opened. It was the nature of
power to shut its doors and hide its proceedings
from the publiceye; butthose who resisted power
i had an interest in giving to their efforts the utmost
publicity. He wished the whole people of the
United States to have an opportunity of witness-
ing what passed in that Chamber. As he desired
to have the question essentially on the opening of
the galleries, he should vote for the amendment.
Mr. BENTON had but one word to say, and
that was drawn from him by yhat he had heard
of the hardship of those who were almost suffo-
cated in the* crowds attending the little gallery,
while so few occupied the large one. Whoever
encountered that hardship, he would undertake
to say, had brought it on himself, because he
could easily be relieved of it, by taking a lady
under his arm, and going into the other gallery;
and if he had such an antipathy to the ladies as
to prefer the crowds of the little gallery to their
society, he (Mr. B.) had no sympathy for him.
The circular gallery was freely open to all under
the rule, as it then stood. Every gentleman could
go there if he pleased; and if he did not know
how, he (Mr. B.) would tell him. He had simply
to get a young lady, or an old on.1, or any lady
he pleased, to go with him, and he would find th,e
doors open.
, Mr. TALLMADGEsaid he should vote against
the amendment of the gentleman from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] and if the amendment of that
gentleman did not succeed, he would then offer
an amendment to admit a certain number in the
circular, gallery. He was willing to give to each
Senator the privilege of admitting a certain num-
ber of persons in that gallery. He had no objec-
tion to affording every facility to spectators; out
Owing to the inconvenience mentioned by some
