74
THE GOIttíRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6r,
Mr WISE accepted it as a modification of his
amendment                                                            ,
Mr GL VSCOCK vvislml. hi -ud. hi" amend-
ment to bo offircd as a substitute tor that ot the
ecntltman from ^ lnrmn, so that the whole ques-
tion, in soim form or other, would be presented
to the consideration of the House
Tht CH MR said tint could only be done by
mown" to stnke out from the amendment all afn r
a certain •  oid It would lie competent fortín
gent It man from Gtoigia to movt to strike out all
after the word ' that,"and insert his ami udment.
Mr. GLASCOCK said ht would make that
motion. His object was, ns expressed by the
gentliman fiom Virginn, to come to some under-
standing, and by some direct and decisive vote,
asceitain how fir tluir northern brethren were
disposed to £0 with those of the South on this
question, and ht \i is gratified to find, that for
the first ume, it began to assume some tangible
shape.
Mr G. sa d lie w ished   distinctly understood,
that so far ¡s tlu resolutions of the gentleman
from Maine went, they nut his appio'oation, but
that they did not  o tar enough, was perfectly
clear to "himself and evident upon the veiy face
of them. Whatever might be the constitutional
difference ot opinion as to the right of Congress
to interfere -with slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, it was expected by the South, if such a right
be recognized, (vv luch he w ould not for a moment
believe,) tuat something definite should be done,
and that We should be placed in possession of
their view son this important subject; and he be-
haved tin.} would be such as to quiet all fears,
and soothe the feelings of a now agitated people.
If, however, he was mistaken, then, in the lan-
guage of his resolution, further attempts to agitate
this question hen, w ould Le ca'culated to disturb
thi lompromisis of the Constitution, and en-
danger tlu  Union. The simple act of laying
petitions of the character of those presented here,
and expect" d to be presented, oil the table, were
not ealculated to allay t'.e feelings of the South,
ind if sucn result was anticipated, gentlemen
were indeed mistaken. But he did believe that
if, on the pn sent occasion, there could be a
clear expression of opinion against the right of
Congress interfering with slavery in tlus Dis-
trict, coupled with the sentiments of the public
meetings held throughout the different States of
the North, it would tranquillize the " troubled
waters," and have the tendency to quiet and sat-
isfy the South. But if it be not done, these fond
anticipations would never be realized. Now
(«ad Mr G) was the proflfied time for his
northern brethren to come forth, the crisis had
arnv ed w hen they should speak out, and if they
spoki and acted as he expected, then all would
b. well
Mr G said he had no objections that a direct
resolution, or s ríes of resolutions, should be
off red, declaring that it was a violation of the
Constitution for Congress to interfere w ith slaveiy
here, that he had satisfied himself it was uncon-
stitutional,and should voti forany such resolution
But, whilst he was disposed to do this himself,
he vras not prepared to censure those, or impugn
the motives of such as might differ with him.
And he felt it his duty in candor to state, that so
far as the abstract question of the constitutional
r ght w as concerned as to this District, there were
various and conflicting opinions among the best
jurists, as well as constitutional lawyers of the
country, and he regretted that some of these were
to be found even in the South. And even here,
in this House, (said Mr. G.,) he knew several
who would vote against any resolution declar-
ing it unconstitutional in Congress to interfere
with slavery in the District, but who would go,
heart and hand, with the southern members against
anysuch interference, and agamstlhercadingand
even printing; of the petitions of the Abolitionists,
or furthering their views, either directly or indi-
rectly And from what had taken place, he looked
with great confidence for a warm and cordial sup-
port of the resolution Vhich he had the honor to
offer. He thought it the least the South ought to
expect, and what they had a right to require,
from their brethren of the North.
Mr. HOLSEY then rose, and after proceeding
a few moments, gave way to
Mr. CAMBRELENG, who moved the orders I
of the day, which motion was agried to.
BILTs, PASSED, COMMITTED, ETC.
The bill to incorporate the Alexandria Fire
Insuranee Company was read the third time and
ptsst d
Tin follow nig bills fiom the Senate were read
tw leand committed, viz-
V bill to authorize an allowance in the accounts
of the American consul at London;
A bill supplemental to the act to amend the
judicr.l system of the United States;
A bill for the nluf of In in Shubnck;
A bill for tin riluf of the owners of the brig
Dispatch and carsro  mid
A bill for the nluf of Benjamin Murphy, of
Arkansas.
NAVY REGISTER.
Tht CH MR lud before the House a letter from
tin Nin uvotthi Navy, transmitting two hun-
dr d and siventy-five printed copies of the Navy
Rt gisii r for the year 1836, w Inch was laid on the
table and oidered to be printed.
LIST OF BALAJSCES.
The CHAIR laid before the House a commu-
nication from the Comptroller of the Treasury,
transmitting a list of balances standing on the
books of the Department against the receivers of
the public land offices, for more than three years
prior to the 30th September, 1835; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be punted.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Conner
in the chair )
On motion bv Mr. C, the committee proceeded
to consider the following bill:
\ bill miking an appropriation for repres«inf hostilities coin-
ínenced by the Seminole Indians
Bt i( enacted, tfc , 1 hat ttie sum of $89,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, outof any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise app opnatod.for the cvp<n e attending
the repres-ion o' hostilities commenced by the Seminole
Indians in Florida
A communication from the Secretary of War
on the subject was read; when
Mr. CAMBRELENG briefly adverted to the
depredations committed by the Seminóles—their
having laid waste and desolated the country for
eighty miles, &c.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether tlte gentleman
from New York was in possession of any inform-
ation as to the cause of this-war or who com-
menced it'
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he had in his pos-
session a package of documents containing the
desired information. The disturbance had grown
out of a treaty with the Seminole , the execution
of which had been postponed, from time to time,
by them; and when a portion of these Indians had
determined to remove, two of their own chiefs
had been murdered by themselves, &c. The gen-
tleman from Ohio could examine the correspond-
ence in his possession, and he would be able to
satisfy himself on the subject
Mr VINTON inquired when the treaty alluded
to wasmadp' He did not wish to delay the pas-
sage of the bill, but if it was the treaty of 1823
or 1824, it was his intention to move to amend it,
by making it obligatory on the Un'ted States to
carry that treaty into effect
Mr. CAMBRELENG adverted to the necessity
of speedy action upon tins subject.    The war was
progressing    Fifteen hundred Indians were in the
field, and they were opposed by only about two
hundred troops.    Unless speedily repressed, they
would probably make inroads upon the State of
Georgia.   If the gentleman from Ohio desired to
raise a question or a debate upon the treaty, he
could select another opportunity, without embar-
rassing the present measure.
i    Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the biH by
I providing that the sum appropriated should be
expended  under the direction of the Secretary
t of War, conformably to law.   The btll he con-
sidered rather indefinite in its terms.    The oppro-
i priation in this bill was the same mpnnciple with
that of the $3,000,000 appropriation of the lost
I session.   He would inquire by whom was this
appropnation to be expended     Was u for the
purpose of raising in aimy > Conga ss alone had
this powir. Was it uiteiidid to toiifc i upon the
Prcsidemt a power which the Constitution had
reseived exclusively to Congress? If that was
the intention ot the present bill, he should be
constrained riliutintly to vote nganifct it lie
adverted to the fortificition bill of the last session,
in which was contained the appropriation of
$3,000,000. He had -voted for that bill upon the
principle which had always prevailed, and about
which there was no doubt, that liovvt \er mdt fi-
nite might be its terms, then was no atithoiity to
expendía single dollu of if unios, in puisinnce
of law. The Senate hud objected to I In appro-
priation upon the ground, as he undi «stood,
that it placed nt the disention of tin PnsiduU
$3,000,ttO0,withoutpresein)Uigb> law the manner
in which it should b. exptnded. Aeonimittie
of conference had bi i n appoint! (1—a compioiiuse
was agreed upon—the appropnation was h dtictd,
and its terms win not so ind< finite, thereby
strengthening the belief that the objection of the
Senate was that which he had stated, and that
there was some plausibility in it, from the more
di finite shape agrted upon by the committee of
conference That committee had reported, but it
was too late, and this appropriation nad not only
failed, but the whole bill was lost He believed
that the appropriation was an extremely proper
one at that time, and the whole country was now
suffering in consequence of the failure of the en-
tire bill.
In conclusion, he trusted that the amendment
which he had submitted would be adopted.
Mr. CAMBRELENG briefly replied to some
of the remarks of the gtntleniaii from Massachu-
setts. He had no objection to the amendment
which had been proposed.
Mr. EVERETT made a few remarks, which
were wholly inaudible.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the
bill laid aside
SUFFERERS BY THE NEW YORK FIRE.
The committee proceeded to consider the bill
making appropriations foi the relief of the suffer-
ers by the fire in the city of New York
Mr CAMBRELENG made several verbal
amendments, which were agreed to.
Mr. C. then offered a substitute far the second
section, (being the same which was contained in
the proceedings of yesterday,) which was agreed
to.
Mr. C. then explained briefly the provisions
of the bill, stated the various acts from 1790 to
1801 for remission of duty in cases of fire, and
fiom 1803 to 1824 for extension of credits in
s milar cases He reminded the commits e that
the question was not now of remission of duty
on goods destroyed by the fire, but one which con-
cerned Government quite as much as its debtors.
On the question of remission, when it came before
them, he shoti d submit his views, and he hoped
a majority of the House would concur With him.
To the bill now submittal he anticipated little
opposition The first section was in conformity
to the usage of Government in cases far less im-
portant, the second would apply to debtors of
Government equally Unfortunate, but not pro-
vided for in the first section.
Mr C then went into an argument to show,
that while, under the old laws and long credits,
the merchants had enjoyed the use of the pu ihc
money, under the late revision, by substituting
cash duties on woolens, and three and six months
on all other goods, the merchant was compelled
to advance the duties to Government; and that
those debtors, for w hose relief the bill was de-
signed, had actually advanced to Government, in
1835, near twelve millions of dollars, independent
of the three or four millions now due. So far
from Got eminent being a lender to its debtors,
the city of New York was actually a lender to
Government of millions beyond the amount now
deposited ih that city, which had bien advanced,
and was now loaned to (he East, West. Noiih,
and South The extension of the bonds was
mertly to restore temporarily that which they had
advanced—the extension of credit on bonds for
, duties on goods, all of which had been imported
within three months, and some of which had
