70
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOB?.
January 7,
would be received, and the motion of the gentle"
man fail. It was not necessary that he shou ü
express his opinion of- the effects that would
follow a contrary course.
Mr. PORTER felt that he should but illy per-
form his duty to his constituents, if he permitted
this subject to pass without noticing it by a few
remarks. And first as to the remarks of the ¿sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Morris;] he agreed with
him that his constituents wished to place their
feet on the Constitution; and if the gentleman had
looked into and fully considered all the conse-
quences that might ensue from such memorials,
he could not but himself feel that he had been
putting his foot on the Constitution in presenting
them. The gentleman had made one remark which
he had heard elsewhere, that by refusing the right
of petition, there was no knowing where they
mi"ht go. No man could value more highly than
lie did the right of the people peaceably to assem-
ble and petition for a redress of grievances. It
was a right which his vote should always sustain.
But he should be glad to know how the motion
of the gentleman "from South Carolina, or the
vote he was about to give on it, could be consid-
ered as restraining the right of petition. Did
not the same power which conferred on petition-
ers the right to make petitions, also confer on
Congress the right to reject them, if, on examin-
ation, their prayer should be found unreasonable
and unjust? And if they liad this right, had they
not also the right to say so at once? Did the gen-
tleman want a petition to be carried to a commit-
tee, and deliberated on, when it contained language
grossly reflecting on the people of the South—a
people as pure and as virtuous as any on the face
of the globe? Were they to take petitions couched
in such language, and commit them before reject-
ing them? He, for his part, would not suffer
these fanatics, and worse than fanatics, to come
there and tell them that the people he represented
were murderers, kidnappers.
There was another reason why they should re-
fuse to receive the petitions. They proposed to
takeaway the property of the people of this Dis-
trict. The good people of Ohio were exceedingly
kind to wish to emancipate the slaves of this Dis-
trict; to take away from widows and orphans,
because the tabernaclos of Ohio were endued with
an extraordinary spirit of philanthropy. He
knew what was wanted by these Abolitionists.
They wanted to get some legislative action here
with regard to slavery in this District, for the
purpose of bearing on the Legislatures of the
South. .But they were mistaken. Did they sup-
pose that they could ever induce the people of the
South to give up the property, acquired from their
ancestors and by their own industry ? Did they
suppose that because they had the example of tie
Briüshislanda before them.w here themotliercoun-
try had be$n worked ©n by hypocrisy, fanaticism,
and the most profound ignorance, that they ever
could effect their objects in the South ? Did they
suppose that they could found anything on what
had passed on the other side of the water ? Did
they suppose that the islanders would ever, of
themselves, hare consented to the emancipation
of their slaves, if the measure had not been forced
upon them by the mother country ? No, they
never would; and it would be in vain for the Ab-
olitionists ever to hope for anything of the kind
from the South. With, respect tq these petitions,
he was for rejecting thera at once. Was he to be
told that, in doing so, he was rejecting the right
of petition ? This was a painful subject, and he
. wished to avoid it; but he should be a traitor to
the State ha represented, if he consented that
these petitions should be presented there from
day to-day, containing the grossest slanders on
the whole southern country, and calculated to
keep ¡alive that excitement of which they had
. already had too much.
Mr.,PRESTON said that the presentation of
petiúoas at this time must, under the peculiar
eircunistances,. create excited feelings. Mr. P.
adverted to various circumstances that had trans-
pired during the past year, in relation to the Abo-
litionists; and (said he) after all this, shall we
permit a petition to be presented pa this subject,
yithoutour animadversión, or, without the possi-
bility of aotion upon it, permit it to lie peaceably
up©  the table.- They of the South had a right,
under the Constitution, to demand some other
action than the Government had pursued. He
referred to the meetings held by Abolitionists—
the apostles they had sent out to preach their
doctrines—the circulation of publications of every
species, and their exciting character. All of
them had seen these things, and he felt called
upon to keep the South informed of them. TLey
were calculated to spread terror throughout the
South. Men's minds had already been disturbed
there. The Government had been called upon
to act upon them. They could not sit by and see
the character of their constituents aspersed by
ignorant, blood-thirsty fanatics. They were
bound to appeal to the Government.
For one Mr. P. did not fear an interference in
the rights of the South. You can't (said he) in-
terfere wkh them, either in politics, in religion, in
morals, or physical moans. They were bound
to defend them, by all the means the God of
nature had put into their power against these in-
cendiary attempts to wrap their land in flames,
and to deluge it in blood. Sir, (said he,) they are
filling our houses, our fields, and our hearths with
implacable murderers, and robbing us of our thou-
sands ! Sir, we demand repose! We insist that
the Government shall say to us, in intelligible lan-
guage, that you can't legislate upon this subject—
that you can't receive the petitions of these hot-
headed and. cold-hearted fanatics — these men,
women, and children who are waging a war of
extermination againstus. In this free Government,
(said Mr. P.) it may l>e impossible for the Govern-
ment authorities to stop them entirely; but (said
he) we ask that Congress will distinctly and posi-
tively interfere between us and those fanatics, and
that the General Government will not directly or
indirectly be an agent in this system of destruction.
I fear, (said Mr. P.,) unless it stands as an im-
i passible barrier between these people and us, the
consequences will be terrible. We in the South
(said he) exist under a bond of necessity, which
cannot be broken—our lives and our property are
the ligaments that bind us together. Civil war was
terrible—to the ratiocinations of the mind it was
dreadful. Interference must be direct or indirect.
The people of the South demanded such aetidn
of Congress on these petitions as would leave no
possible doubt between them and this exciting
subject. It was a matter on which there could
be no difference of opinion. He abhorred the
i idea of mixing up politics with it. Their sole
J object was to protect their property and their
, lives. In a political point cf view, it was ex-
tremely important to prevent the agitation of this
subject. He spoke of its bearings upon differ-
ent sections of the country, and (said lie) the
;. overwhelming vortex of politics sweeps every-
thing before it.
1 Howlongithen, should they endure this matter,
J before Congress took such action as would secure
them from the agitation of it? , What he desired
was, that such action should be had as would
close the doors of this Hall against the agitation
of this subject. He was sure the object of the mo-
tion of his colleague Mr. Calhoun] was nothing
more. But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morrii>]
says that the door<>¡' the Hall shall not be closed
thus far. The primary question was: Shall the
petition be received or not? What was a peti-
tion read for? To see whether Congress would
take it into consideration. The motion of his
colleague was a milder remedy tthan they had
aright to take. He (Mr. P.) was disposed to
ask a direct renunciation of the power of Congress
to act in the matter. The Constitution declared
that Congress had no right to pass a law abridg-
ing the right of petitioning. But did that mean
they had no right to reject a petition after it was
presented? How does this petition (said Mr. P.)
characterize twenty-two members of this body?
Was it respectful to them that women were brought
in to shield the agitators ? The petition was offen-
sive; not personally so to him, but to the whole
southern delegation. Mr. P. here quoted the Con-
stitution on the subject of the right of petitioning.
Was the objectof the petition here presented for the
. redress of grievances? Was it an affair of local
grievance, to the petitioners, or of general interest?
. Was this Capitol to be converted into a college for
its discussion? He plead to the jurisdiction. But
(said Mr. P.) we cannot plead to the jurisdiction at
11 the bar of public opinion. There we must answer.
i The petition was a slanderous libel upon a large
population.   It asked for the exercise of powers
| not delegated to Congress. They might as well
have petitioned for the establishment of a particu-
lar religion. The section of country he represented
had a constitutional right to their property, and
the people there had a right to expect of every
Senator to say that Congress had no right to in-
terfere with it. The Constitution provides that
you shall not interfere with private property, with-
out ample compensation. Where will you get the
funds (said he) to buy our property ? Would this
Government buy it? The right to this property
was coextensive with this District. The ceding
of this District to the United States was in the
nature of a general trust, that they might exercise
jurisdiction over it as a trust government. How
were these ten miles square originally given? Cer-
tainly not to militate against the provisions of
Maryland or Virginia. He concluded, that in the
just interpretation of the act of cession itself by
Maryland and Virginia, Congress was excluded
from interfering. Suppose (said Mr. P.) that
Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania, had
been ceded to the United States, and the citizens
of Virginia had petitioned to have perpetual slavery
established in Philadelphia without the consent
of Pennsylvania; then, if Congress could abolish
■ slavery in the District of Columbia, it could estab-
lish it in Philadelphia, or wherever jurisdiction
was ceded to the United States. No man (said
Mr. P.) who had character enough to come here,
would say it was even expedient to interfere. He
had intended proposing a resolution, if his col-
league had not made this motion, calling for the
I strongest action of the Senate upon the subject.
It was most desirable to them to have peace, and
he hoped the action of the Senate upon this peti-
1 tion would be such as would insure it to them.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that, for two or three
weeks past, there had been in his possession* a
memorial from the Cain quarterly meeting of tie
; religious Society of friends, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, requesting Congress to abolish slavery
and the slave trade within the District of Colum-
bia.    This memorial was nota printed form—its
, language was not that in established use for such
documents. It did not proceed from those des-
perate fanatics who have been endeavoring to
disturb the security and peace of society in the
southern States, by the distribution of incendiary
famphlets and papers.    Far different is the truth,
t emanates from a society of Christians, whose
object had always been to promote peace and good
will among men, and who have been the efficient
[ and persevering friends of humanity in  every
i clime.   To their untiring efforts, more than  to
¡' those of any other denomination of Christians,
we owe the progress which has been made in
abolishing the African slave  trade throughout
the world.    This memorial was their testimony
against the existence of slavery.    This testimony
they had borne for more than a century.   Of the
purity of their motives, there could not be a ques-
tion.
Mr. B. had omitted to present this memorial
at an earlier day, because he had thought that on
, its presentation, at the proper time,, much good
might be done.  He had believed that, by private
Í consultations, some resolution might be devised
upon this exciting subject which would obtain the
unanimous vote of the Senate.    If there was one
man in that body not willing to adopt any proper
measure to calm the troubled spirit of the South,
he did not know him.    This, in his judgment,
would be the best mode of accomplishing the
, object which we all desire to accomplish.    The
proper course to attain this result was, in his
opinion, to refer the subjecteither to a select com-
mittee or to the Committee on the District of Co-
; lumbia.    They would examine it in all its bear-
ings; they would ascertain the views and feelings
-      1ÜA1Zldmi 6eMU>n, and lie had-no doubt they
would be able to recommend some measure to the
j Senate on whjch they could all unite. This would
, have a most happy effect upon the country.  He
I   1- ,ln,tei2de<Ji  «P°n  presenting the  memorial
I which he had in charge, to have suggested this
mode of proceeding.    He regretted, therefore, he
j bad not know;  that hjs friend from Ohio, [Mr.
' Moráis,] was ip possession of memorials having
