80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7.
gentleman representing the northern States, that
an abolition discourse could not be delivered
anion" those whom they represented, without
endangering the safety of the person attempt-
ins: >'•                                            ,
In addition to this he would say, that the action
of the Federal Government through the Post
Office Department was protective of the rights of
the South against incendiary publications. If
postmasters to theNorth and South did their duty,
as sanctioned by the head of that Department,
these enemies of our Government and of the hu-
man race were cut off from circulating, through
that medium, their firebrands of mischief. Under
these circumstances, was this a time for us to
throw open the door to discussion on this subject,
and thus assist in exacerbating the feelings which
had already been enough excited? He thought it
only necessary to contrast the proceedings of the
Senate on the petition to which he had before
alluded, and which had been laid on the table by
the unanimous vote of the Senators present, with
the proceedings of to-day, to show the decided
wisdom of taking the same course in relation to
the present and all similar petitions. The petition
which had been quietly inurned by the motion to
lay on the table, had scarcely been thought of or
heard of since, consigned, as it had been, to the
insignificance and contempt of mortifying neglect
and want of notice.
What was the fact, in relation to the proposed
mode of proceeding, as to the present petition?
The Senate had already found itself engaged in a
debate, which ho one could foresee the direction
of, thus producing agitation aud dignifying with
undeserved, and, no doubt, gratifying notoriety
to the fanatics a miserable effusion, which, but
for this proceeding, would have fallen into obscu-
rity and contempt.
He (Mr. B.) had nothing to ask from the
North, as one of the Representatives of a south-
ern State, more than we were entitled to, under
the compact with our sister States, and from that
feeling of fraternal regard, which, for many pur-
poses, made us the same people. He, however,
was disposed to act upon this, as upon all other
occasions, in that spirit of conciliation in which
our Federal Government had originated, and with-
out which it could not survive. He would not
quarrel with gentlemen so long as they took decid-
ed ground against any interference on this ques-
tion, even if they should differ as to some abstract
questions in relation to it. He believed most sin-
cerely, that the almost universal sentiment of the
intelligent and respectable portion of the North
was against any interference either in the District
of Columbia or elsewhere on this delicate sub-
ject. In this feeling of confidence, he was in
favor of clinging to the Union of the State*, as
the great source of oui safety, happiness, and
liberty. He would not for a moment believe that
cither of the great sections' of this country would
so far forget its just obligations to the other, by
such an outrage upon its constitutional rights as
would end in the overthrow of a Government
won by the united valor and patriotism of their
ancestors.
Mr. LEIGH thought it important that the con-
stitutional question on this subject should be dis-
tinctly understood and expressed. He had said
the other day that he had never conversed with
one intelligent man from any of the non-slave-
holding States whose opinions on this subject
were calculated to give him dissatisfaction. He
made this declaration, because he thought it was
calculated to give a gratifying assurance to the
people he represented, and to produce a salutary
effect in the South. Since then a pamphlet had
been put in his hands purporting to be a review
of another pamphlet, written by a clergyman of
great learning and piety, whom he had always
been taught to respect. There were extracts in
that pamphlet calculated deeply to injure the
feelings of the South. This gentleman was at
one time a resident of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, and ought to have known the state of her
society better; yet it appeared to him that the
mind of the gentleman was entirely poisoned on
the subject of slavery; and if his congregation
thought as he did, this agitation which the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. BiiotvN] dep-
recated so much had already commenced.    It was
i in vain for gentlemen to deprecate agitation when
it already was in existence.
Give me leave to say to the gentleman from
North Carolina, when he calls these Abolitionists
contemptible, and say that they have no means of
doing mischief, that I differ with him Mo codo.
In that gentleman's love for this Union—in which
the feelings of the heart, as well as of the under-
standing were engaged—he entirely concurred;
and it was because he entertained those feelings
that he wished the expression of some opinion
as to the constitutional powers of Congress on
the subject of slavery. He would not then pur-
sue this subject->-when it came up again he
should be prepared to enter more fully into the
discussion. His object should be to conciliate
as much as possible; but not for the purpose of
conciliation would he forego what he conceived
to be his duty in urging upon the Senate what
was so necessary to the peace and tranquillity of
the South—a distinct expression of opinion as to
the constitutional powers of Congress over the
question.
Mr. PRESTON said, there had been a petition
on this subject presented a few days ago and laid
on the table. He was not in when it was pre-
sented-, and, thinking it had passed ju4 siltntio, he
had not thought proper to call it up. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Bhown] had
said there was a disposition to rake from the Cap-
ulets causes for excitement upon this subject.
Did the gentleman mean to say that there was
nothing peculiarly emphatic in the southern States
to require action by Congress? The Governor
of South Carolina had recommended action. All
parties there had been necessarily disturbed
But the gentleman says, be quiet—say nothing.
He sees the torch lit and ready to be applied,but
we are to say nothing. We see slanderous peti-
tions, incendiary assemblies, and threatening de-
nunciations on all sides, and we are told to be
quiet. He was astonished. It might be, as in'
the remark he had made before, that this matter
was mixed up with the poison of politics. The
petition now before them was the very child of
this poisonous subject. He felt, with the honor-
able gentleman, a profound respect for the course
pursued by the honorable gentlemen from the
North. He thanked the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania for the reprobation he had given the
petition here presented. He doubly thanked him,
being, as he was, from the Quaker State, that he
had seen what the gentleman from North Caro-
lina could not. We are tamely to stand here
(said Mr. P.) until the torch is thrown in upon
us; and it is to be extinguished by invoking those
who have thrown it in upon us to do it. The
proceedings of every Legislature of the South had !
deeply regretted the movemeitis of the people to |
the North: If there be fanatic  (said Mr. P.)
who are willing to light up the political torch of
unhallowed partisanship, he would not shrink
from the duty he owed to his constituents. He
would not so dishonor the State that had sent him
here.
Mr. BROWN begged leave to say one word
more before the question was taken. The hon-
orable gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pres-
ión] had asked, in a very-emphatic manner, if,
when the burning torch -was thrown into the
House, he as a southern man would not be ready
to extinguish it? He would answer that he was
ready; but he would also say that he was not
ready to pour oil on the torch, and increase the
flame into a conflagration which might destroy
the Union. The honorable gentleman had said
that he would not have discharged his duty to the
South had he not exposed aad proclaimed the
danger, and seemed to think him not vigilant
enough, because he did not take the same course, i
He was, perhaps, not gifted with the keen per- \
spicacity of the gentleman from South Carolina; ''
he admitted he was unable to discover the benefit
that would result to the South, or any other por-
tion of the country, from pursuing a course
which would lead to the discussion and agitation
of this subject here. Sir, the time has been
when the high-minded members from the south-
ern States assumed an attitude highly honorable
on this subject. What was it? Why, they de-
clared that it was a subject on which they would
not tolerate the slightest discussion.   Thai was i
once the course of honorable gentlemen from the
South on that floor.    But that time had gone by;
it appeared that new lights had sprung up, new
discoveries had been made, and gentlemen were
ready to go into the discussion of a subject that
once was not permitted to be discussed at all.
He, as one of the representatives of the southern
States objected to any discussion which went
to call in question the rights of the South.    He
was ready to gft with southern gentlemen in any
measures that would prevent such discussion.
He would go further.   Whenever our northern
friends shall attempt in   the slightest degree to
interfere by legislative action with the rights of
the South, (and he could with pleasure say, that
they had shown every disposition to repress such
interferences,) lot us depart from them—let us
depart peaceably.    The gentleman   had   asked,
why should they in the Senate not express their
opinions on this subject, when the Governors and
Legislatures of southern States had done so?    It
was true that the Executives of the southern States
had recommended this subject to the considera-
tion of their respective Legislatures.    This it was
| their right and their duty to do; but he denied
i the right of Congress to discuss or in any man-
1 ner interfere with the subject.   Tho gentleman
' from South Carolina would at once perceive the
| distinction between any action on this subject by
' the Legislatures of the States specially interested
1 in it, and a discussion by Congress, which had
nothing to do with it.   That was his answer to
j the gentleman.
1    Mr. CALHOUN saia he should be glad to say
a few words more before the question was taken.
He certainly should have no objection that this
question should be laid over till Monday.    He
wished to give all the Senators an opportunity to
deliberate on the course they were about to pur-
sue.   But as to this particular motion, he must
say that it had been brought forward with .great
deliberation, and he could not abandon it.    He
I never could consent to receive these petitions.
Had he no other objections to it,, an imperious
• one with him was the language in which "they
were couched.   The Senate exhibited an extraor-
dinary «pectaole—it was deliberating on receiv-
ing a petition which denounces eleven of these
States as kidnappers and pirates.    That there
could be a single individual from one of these
States willing to receive them, was to him wonder-
ful; and .still more Wonderful was the argument.
Why hesitate at all as to rejecting them at onoe ?
Was it out of delicacy towards these petitioners ?
If so, should they not feel the same delicacy
towards eleven of the  States, and not receive
calumny (forsuch he regarded the petition) against
them ?   He profoundly feared that the gentlemen
representing the States knew from whence these
petitions came—knew that a. feeling existed in
them which rendered it not desirable to take a
decided course in opposition to them.   This was
the point of his alarm.   If it was so, then mast
assuredly the people of the other section of the
Union should know the state of facta.
,     Mr. C. felt4he greatest gratitude to those citi-
zens of the northern States who had kindly inter-
fered towards these incendiaries; but he did not
think they had succeeded in their efforts to put
them down.    A paper had been sent to him,
drawn up by Arthur Tappan and others, protest-
ing against the President's message, for interfer-
ing with the subject of abolition, in which it was
declared that more than one hundred new socie-
ties had been added to the abolition cause since
the mBBsas?.   It had been noticed by the Sena-
tor from Virginia that one of the most eminent
divines *nd learned men of the age and country
had come out in favor of abolition.   These signs
showed him that the danger had not passed over,
as he had hoped.    But he had been told that
there were constitutional objections to refusing to
receive these petitions.    He wished gentlemen
would point them out to him.    He had read the
Constitution one thousand times, and he could
see no such objections ns had been urged.    He
wished gentlemen who were so liberal in quoting
the Constitution in favor of the Abolitionists,
would be equally liberal towards the southern
States, and quote it to show that Congress had
not the power to interfere with the question agi-
tated by these petitioners.  No man who had read
