THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 6.
the Constitution could find the authority for any
such interference. But he had been told that
Congress had the right to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, and that, having this con-
stitutional right, these petitioners were justifiable
in coming there. He denied that Congress pos-
sessed any such right. But still they ought not
to receive the petitions, because their language
was highly disrespectful. The Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Brown] very much depre-
cated agitation on the subject. He knew as well
as that gentleman that there were two ways of
preventing agitation—the one was quietly to sub-
mit, the other was to meet it boldly. He put it
to the gentleman from North Carolina, would he
submit when called kidnapper and pirate, or
rather would he not, as a man of honor, knock
the calumniator down. He denied the right of
Congress to interfere with slave property in the
District of Columbia. He found in the amend-
ments to the Constitution (and he rejoiced at the
jealousy and vigilance of those who caused them
to be inserted) that no man shall be deprived of
his liberty or property without due process of
law. The property of the citizen cannot be taken
from him but by process of law—by a trial by
iury, and were not the slaves of this District
property ? How were they to be taken but by
due process of law? It had been said correctly,
that Congress had exclusive jurisdiction over the
District of Columbia; but what power had Con-
gress there other than exclusive legislation, ac-
cording to the forms of the Constitution ? Con-
gress could not abolish the trial by jury in this
District, nor could it abridge the liberty of the
press.
His object (Mr. C. said) was not agitation; it
was to suppress it. He saw an agitation that was
working asunder the bonds of this Union, making
the South cling more closely to the means within
themselves for their preservation, and poisoning
the minds of the people of the non-slaveholding
States, making them believe that slavery was
•inful, and that the people of the South were im-
moral and corrupt. While this agitation con-
tinued, it was impossible but the ignorant slave
population must believe that one half of the
people of this Union were their friends, and that
all they had to do was to organize a successful
insurrection for those friends to come to their aid.
This agitation was unnecessary  and it was not
to be put an end to, unless by a deeisive refusal on
the part of the Senate to receive these petitions.
But his friend from Virginia [Mr. Ttler]
wished to go further than he had proposed to go.
He thanked him for it. He had said that the
Committee on the District of Columbia was pre-
pared to make a satisfactory report on the subject,
and that every member of the Senate, with the
exception1 of the Senator from Ohio, was in favor
of giving a distinct expression of opinion as to
the constitutional powers of Congress on the
question. He was glad to hear this. But if his
motion had no other object than to protect the
honor of the State he represented, it was enough
to make him adhere to it. If the gentleman from
Virginia did not present such a resolution as the
one he had alluded to, he himself would lay a
resolution on the table, affirming that Congress
had no constitutional power to legislate on the
subject of the slaves in the District of Columbia.
He was not disposed to create any difference of
opinion with his southern friends; but when he
nad been compelled to act, he hud put himself
boldly forward When he found these petitions
coming on that floor, with unjust, false, and ma-
licious language, as applied to the section of
country he came from, he felt it to be his impe-
rious duty to move for their rejection. He feared
that the gentleman from Virginia was mistaken;
but if he was not, the expression of such an
opinion as he contemplated would have a most
beneficial effect on the whole South.
Mr. BROWN rose to ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhofn,] whether he was
6
to understand the remarks of that gentleman as
intended to convey any reflection upon him, (Mr.
B?)
Mr. CALHOUN said, he could assure the gen-
tleman from North Carolina that he had intended
no personal reflection whatever.
Mr. WEBSTER said it was evident that the
proposition to receive or not to receive this peti-
tion would run into a protracted discussion, and,
as the day was far spent, he hoped that the motion
to postpone the further consideration of the sub-
ject until Monday would be agreed to.
The question being then taken, the motion to
postpone until Monday was agreed to.
THE SEMINOLE HOSTILITIES.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for repressing hostilities, commenced by the
Seminóles, was read twice and referred.
SEBASTIAN BUTLER, AND OTHERS.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported, without amendment, the
bill for the relief of Sebastian Butler, and others.
The Senate then adjourned over to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 7, 1836.
As soon as the Journal was read,
Mr. ADAMS rose and said, he wished, by per-
mission of the House, to put a question to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. A. said he found in a paper of this morn-
ing a statement in relation to an interruption of
our commerce with Mexico.    [Mr. A. here read
the statement, which is contained in the National
Intelligencer of this  morning.]    The question
which he meant to ask was this: Whether the
Committee on Foreign Relations had received any
official communication on the subject of the rela-
tions, political or commercial, between the United
States and the Government of Mexico?    The
article he had read (he said) was the grounds on
| which he had founded this question, and he put
it now because he perceived a motion would be
made to adjourn over to Monday next.    If there
I had not been a communication made, he presumed
1 there would be one from the Executive before that
i time.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said, in reply, that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs had received
no communication from the State Department on
1 the subject of the relations of the United States
with Mexico, whether commercial or political;
and that they had no information on that subject
other than that contained in the message of the
President of the United States, delivered at the
commencement of this session.
Having seen a statement in a morning news-
paper of yesterday's date, founded on a commer-
cial letter, that the arbitrary measure alluded to
by the gentleman from Massachusetts had been
adopted by the Mexican Government, he [Mr.
Mason] had called at the State Department, and
was informed that no intelligence had been re-
ceived on that subject. Mr. M. had no doubt
that, if the rumor proved to be true, information
would be promptly communicated to Congress.
Mr. ADAMS said he had nothing further to
inquire of the Committee on Foreign Affairs; but
he gave notice that unless a communication was
made by the Executive between this and Monday
next, he should submit a proposition on the sub-
ject to the House on that day.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. JONES, of Michigan, asked the consent
of the House to present the memorial of the
Legislative Council of the Territory of Michigan,
praying the establishment of the territorial gov-
ernment of Wisconsin. This was the only op-
portunity which had been offered of presenting
this memorial.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
i    Mr. HARDIN moved to suspend the rule, for
the purpose of calling for petitions from those
States which were omitted at the last call: which
was agreed to.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Mr. McKAY, of North Carolina;
Mr. PINCKNEY, of South Carolina;
Messrs. HAYNES and COFFEE, of Georgia;
Messrs. HARDIN, HAWES, CALHOUN,
JOHNSON, UNDERWOOD, CHAMBERS,
ALLAN, WILLIAMS, and HARLAN, of
Kentucky;
Messrs. CRANE, HAMER. PATTERSON,
SLOANE, HOWELL, STORER, WEBSTER,
WHITTLESEY, and KENNON, of Ohio;
Messrs. JOHNSON, GARLAND, and RIP-
LEY, of Louisiana;
Messrs. LANE, DAVIS, BOON, KINNARD,
and HANNEGAN, of Indiana;
[Mr. Kinnard presented the claim of Bazil
Brown to be allowed compensation for certain
horses furnished to the Commissioner of the
United States to treat with the Miami Indians, in
1834, and for the use of said Indians; referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs; also the memo-
rial of the heirs of Dr. Samuel Kennedy, a senior
hospital surgeon of the revolutionary army,
praying a full adjustment of their accounts.
On motion of Mr. Lane, the following peti-
tions were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads: That the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of establishing the
following post rout-s in the State of Indiana:
From Versailles, in Ripley county, to Burlington,
Boon county, Kentucky, via Hartsville, Dells-
borough, Guionvilles, Hartford, and Rising Sun;
from Napoleon, in Ripley county, to Louisville,
in Henry county, via Clarksburgh, New Salem,
and Smelsor's Mills; from Aurora, in Dearborn
county, to Napoleon, in Ripley county, via Wil-
mington; from Harrison, Dear county, to Scipio,
in Ohio, via Drewersburgh, in Franklin county;
from Lawrenceburgh, in Dearborn county, to
Brookville, in Franklin county, via Hubbies and
McKenzey's Cross Roads.
Mr. Hahnecan presented memorials from a
large number of the merchants, traders, and other
citizens of the States of Indiana and Illinois, ask-
ing an appropriation to construct a harbor or
breakwater at Michigan City, in the State of
Indiana; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce. And one to have Michigan City
made a port of entry; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. And one asking a
sufficient sum for the construction of alight-house
at the same point; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Also, a petition for a post
route from Indianapolis, through Danville, Bain-
bridge, Rockville, Montezuma, and Newport, in
the State of Indiana, to Danville, in the State of
Illinois; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads; from Newtown,
Fountain county, by the way of Rob Roy, Ath-
ica, Reinsville, in the State of Indiana, to Iro-
quois, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. Davis presented the petition of Frederick
Slinkard, asking to be allowed for certain moneys
destroyed (by the burning of his house) belong-
ing to the Post Office Department; and the petition
of the citizens of Putnam county, Indiana, for a
mail route.]
Messrs. CASEY, MAY, and REYNOLDS,
of Illinois;
[The Speaker presented a petition from sundry
inhabitants of Illinois, praying for the establish-
ment of certain post routes therein designated.
Mr. Casey presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Wabash county, Illinois, praying the
establishment of a mail-stage route from Louis-
ville, Kentucky, by Albany, Camden, Leaven-
worth, Jasper, and Petersburg, Indiana, Mount
Carmel, Allein, Fairfield, &c., Illinois, to St,
Louis, Missouri; which, on his motion, was ret
feired to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.]
