1886,
Tflff yflN£RES8K>$Ak ftLQjffi 
85
genuine paper,but if it was.he presumed a com- I
munication would be sent to the House on the i
subiect at a proper time.
Mr. GIDEON LEE said it was well known to
every member of the House that the works on
the fortifications had been stopped during the last
year for want of appropriations to carry them on.
It was also known that early appropriations were
necessary for the support oí our Army and Navy.
The Committee on Ways and Means hare laid
on the table bills appropriating moneys for those
purposes, which, may be taken up át any time.
He would, therefore, suggest to the chairman of
that committee the propriety of taking up these
bills as early as possible.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he rose at the same
moment his colleague did, to announce to the
House, under instructions from the Committee
on Ways and Means, that he should, with per-
mission of the House, call up the bills making
appropriations for the Army and Navy to-mor-
row, at one o'clock. The committee would have
called up these bills to-day, but some further
communications were expected from the Depart-
ments.                                                    _       .          ,
As regarded the other bill about which his col- '
league had inquired, Mr. C. hoped the presenta-
tion of petitions would not take up the whole
day; and if it did not, the bill, in its present
shape, would not, he was quite sure, encounter
much opposition, and if there was time, he should
call it up to-day, and he trusted it would be
passed.
Mr. LEE said he was perfectly satisfied.    He
only wished to call the attention of the House to
matters of vastly more importance than any other
before it.
MEMORIAL OF LEGISLATURE OF  MICHIGAN.
The memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Michigan, presented on a former day by Mr.
Beardsley, came up in order.
The question being the motion of Mr. Hanne-
oan to reject the petition,
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, hoped that the gen-
tleman from Indiana would withdraw his motion,
and permit the petition to go to the Committee on
the Judiciary. It could certainly do no harm to
Indiana or Ohio to refer it.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he thanked the gentle-
man for his suggestion, but he could not adopt it.
He could not consistently with his own feelings
of duty  withdraw the motion.    The memorial
Eurports to come from a power which neither
imself nor the House could recognize. If it came
from the Territory of Michigan assuming no
powers, he would willingly let it go to the com-
mittee. In what situation would this House place
itself by accepting this memorial, coming, as it
Purported, from the sovereign State of Michigan ?
t would be recognizing her right to send her
communications here as a sovereign State. If we
accept one communication, we must accept all she
chooses to send us. There is something in this
beyond the mere acceptance of the memorial. It
was the ground-work to force Ohio before the
¿' udicial tribunal s of the country. Congress gave
ihio her boundary by admitting her into the
Union; and now would she suffer herself to be
made a laughing-stock of the country, by allow-
ing Michigan to claim and hold a portion of her
territory ? He hoped and trusted that on this
question the House would act with him.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, when he presented
this memorial he did not suppose—he could not
have supposed—that it would have elicited the
debate which had occurred on its presentation.
The memorial purported to be a memorialfrom the
Senate and House of Representatives, or Legisla-
ture, of what was named in it as the State of Mich-
igan . Now an inquiry had been made where was
the State of Michigan ? He should not say that
Michigan was rightfully a State; much less should
he say that Michigan was one of the States of the
Union; nor should, he undertake to say—for to
do so would be prejudging the question—that
Michigan was in any sense a State. But they
all knew from public report, and from documents
presented to that House, what had been doing in
the Territory of Michigan. They knew that the
inhabitants of that Territory had convened in the
form of aconvention for thepurpose of organizing
a State constitution; that they had agreed upon a
State constitution, and had referred that consti-
tution to the people of the Territory of Michigan
for their adoption; and that the people had adopt-
ed it. That constitution had been sent to that
House, and referred to one of its committees to
act upon, and advise the House of their opinion
upon it. Now all this was known to have occur-
red. The Territory of Michigan had thus as-
sumed the form of a State, had proceeded to elect
Senators to Congress, and had chosen a member
to represent what was designated as the State of
Michigan to that House. All this they knew, and
still he should not say—for he ought not to say—
that Michigan in all, or in any part of its course,
had acted according to the Constitution or in con-
formity with her rights. She had not, however,
professed to act in hostility to this Union, but
had been seeking, and was then seeking, either
by right or wrong, to become a member of this
Confederacy. Thus seeking to become one of
the States of this Union, it seemed to him that
liberality and fair dealing, and a spirit of har-
mony and good will, should have induced them
to receive a communication from what purported
to be the Legislature of that State. His object
was to send this memorial to the same committee
to which the matter had already been referred,
and not to invite discussion. He had presented
it at the request of the gentleman who had been
chosen to represent Michigan on that floor.
Mr. B. would not say one word whether Mich-
igan was right or not, but he might be permitted
to say this much: that those persons who had con-
vened as the Legislature of Michigan, and sought
to bring that State into the Union, were not acting
in hostility, but in subordination, to the Union,
and that their memorial should be treated in a
respectful manner, even if the House should not
agree with their views. The motion, then, was not
to receive that paper.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman that the
motion was, that the petitionbe rejected.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said: Well sir, the motions
are identical.    While he was up he wished to say
a word or two upon the general proposition of
rejecting petitions of this nature,    Was it pre-
tended that there was anything offensive in this
petition—any thing reflecting upon the dignity and
i character of that Hcrasr, or any member of it ? It
' stood free from that difficulty, and the objection
now taken to it was, that there   was no such
¡ body known to that House as the Legislature of
| Michigan.   Now, (said Mr. B.,) if these memo-
¡ rialists had misnamed themselves, but had chosen
' to address that House in a respectful manner, it
did seem to him an objection against receiving
their petition that was hardly a good one.
I     But on the general right of petition: How did
' that right stand in England, a country from which
we derived some of our notions of liberty.    In
England, as they all very well knew, the legisla-
tive power was supposed to reside inherently in
the Crown; by the Crown all laws were enacted
by and with the consent and advice of the two
Houses of Parliament. Petitions, therefore, upon
legislative subjects were addressed to the Crown,
and not to the Parliament.    They all knew that
before the revolution of 1688, it was no uncommon
exercise of the kingly prerogative for the Crown
to repel petitioners, and even to imprison them
for assuming the right to lay their grievances at
the foot of the throne; but, in the bill of rights of
1688, the subjects of Great Britain had taken care
to guard this right to petition, and to guard it
much more effectually than it was guarded here,
if that House were to drive out petitions as they
had been asked to do.    As the British bin of
rights was peculiarly applicable at the present time,
since so much new light was coming in upon lis,
he would beg leave' to refer the House to a single
clause of it.   Mr. B. then read the clause setting
forth that was the right of the subject to petition
the king, &c.    Well, then, (said Mr. B.,) it was
their right to petition, and the king was bound to
hear them and to receive petitions, whether he
chose to grant the prayer of them or not.    This
was the right of Englishmen.
Now, what were the rights of citizens of the
United States? If honorable gentlemen would
take the trouble to look into their own State con-
stitutions, they would find, without, he believed,
any exception, this right of petition was most
sacredly and Carefully guardea in each and all of
these constitutions. The idea of driving petition-
ers out of door  had never before been heard of.
It was a new invention of the present day, which
no one ever dreamnt of before, except under the
arbitrary kings of England, before the revolu-
tion of 1688; certainly never heard of in this coun-
try before the present session. It was true, that
the Constitution of the United States contained
no bill of rights when first ad op ted, but an amend-
ment of it contained a similar provision to the
one he had read from the English bill of rights.
It would be recollected that when that Constitu-
tion -was subjected to the Virginia convention for
adoption, one of the objections on the part of Vir-
ginia was, that it contained no bill of rights; and
that convention recommended to the people of the
several States the adoption of certain clauses
specifying what were the rights of citizens of the
United States; and one of those very clauses was
this amendment: " That the people had the right
' peaceably to assemble together to consult for
' the common good and instruct their Represent-
' atives; and that every freeman had the right to
' petition to the Legislature for a redress of griev-
' anees." Virginia recommended the incorpora-
tion of this c'ause into the Constitution of the
United States, and it was substantially the same
with the English bill of lights. Petitions on all
matters, whether grievances or not, if the people
held them to be so, they had the right to present,
and had the right to assemble together, and to
instruct their Representatives. But in these lat-
ter days—when the right of instruction, if not in
theory disregarded, was in practice, treated with
contempt—it might not be a matter of any sur-
prise that gentlemen should be disposed to treat
with as little ceremony the right of petition.
Mr. B. said, clauses of this kind were in all the
State constitutions, and essentially the same in
the Constitution of the United States; the prin-
ciple was in conformity with the notions of lib-
erty acted up to in England, and with what was
the declared will of the people of Virginia. He
thought that the House should receive all peti-
tions from the citizens of the country which were
respectful in their terms, and not reflecting upon
the body or some of its members. This was
his unqualified opinion. It was not because the
prayer of a petition might be deemed unconsti-
tutional that the petition should be rejected or
the petitioners treated with contempt. Many held
it unconstitutional for Congress to make appro-
priations for objeots of internal improvement; yet
others believed theGeneral Government possessed
the power; but who ever heard of rejecting a
petition which pointed to some local improve-
ment ? Who ever heard of rejecting such peti-
tions from any quarter of the House, and driving
them out of doors, because the petitioners asked
for an appropriation for an object some gentlemen
believed to be unconstitutional ? A large propor-
tion of the members of that House believed a
Bank of the United States to be unconstitutional,
but had they not received, year afrer year, peti-
tion after petition, for a Bank of the United
States; and had these gentlemen, who believed
the object unconstitutional, ever dreamed of reject-
ing those petitions.' Another mischievous ques-
tion had been brought there, and he had done in
that case, as he had in this, what he conceived to
be right. He repeated, that the House was, in
his opinion, bound to receive every petition from
citizens of the United States, 'when they were
couched in respectful and properterms.
With regard to the memorial then under con-
sideration, (Mr. B. said,) if they conceived that
Michigan was an inchoate State, and that the
citizens of that Territory had chosen to denom-
inate themselves the Legislature of Michigan,
surely there was nothing offensive in that. He
did trust that unless the new doctrine to which
he had referred should prevail, that the House
would receive this paper, order its reference and
printing, so that if anything contained in it could
throw any light upon the subject, the committee
and the House might have the benefit of it.
Whether it contained any or not, he did not
know—he had read but a small part of it; but as
it was a paper emanating from citizens of Michi-
gan, he could see no reason for refusing to refer i .
