1889.        '.
T«& CQlNOMféSIONAX/C^QB^:
§3
Mr. McCARTY said, as the discussion of this
memorial impidt-d the presentation of otherpcti-
tions aid numoiials, and na many gentlemen
chai^t d v\ ltli them v\ ere anxious to presentthem,
he would nioii to postpone the subject till Tues-
day next, lor that purpose.
The motion was negatived—ayes 67, noes 72.
Mr. BCAH.DSLEY begged leave to say awoid
or two in explanation. In reply to tin. question
put from one of the gentlemen from Indiana,
[Mr Kin sard,] how it happeoed that this peti-
tion had not been presented by the Delegate fiom
Michigan, instead of being presented by himself,
the reason w as, as Mr. B. had been told since the
question w is put, that the Delegate was not in
the city at the time, and hence it was handed to
Mr B. for piesentation. This was the only rea-
son, as far as he knew, for the paper being handed
to him Mr. B. wished to make a remark upon
an objection urged by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Pi\cknet.] Thatgentleman said
that Michigan, which was only alerntory .had,
in this paper, assumed- to be a State. Hence
lie drew the inference that it would be unconsti-
tutional to receive this petition, or give it any sort
of countenance, and hence he would vote it out of
doors. Now, sir, (said Mr B.,) we have before
heard of instances ot attempts to nullify in. order to
get out of the Union, but this seems to be an effort
to nullify morder to getuito the Union! Michigan,
as I undtrstand the gentleman, is now attempting
to violate the law s ot the United States—in other
words, to nullify them—in order to become a
member of the Union' Mr. B. said that he did
not so understand the memorial, for it urged that
Congress should acquiesce and receive Michigan
as a sister State; but the argument of the gentle-
man himself was, that this movement by Michi-
gan was in derogation of the laws of the Union.
This, upon the argument of the gentleman, was
the first instance of an effort by a Territory to
break into the Union, although they all knew that
efforts had been heretofore made to break outof it!
Mr. B made some further remarks, to show
that the case of Tennessee was analogous to the
present one, except m reference to the boundary
.question, and said the mere receiving and referring
the memorial under consideration in no way com-
mitted the House or any member who so voted.
Mr. HARDIN followed on the other side,and,
as one of the Committee on the Judiciary,dissent-
ed from the v lew he understood to have been taken
of the controversy by Mr. Beardsley. Mi. H.
expressed his opposition to the ratification of the
Michigan constitution.
Mr. STORER also spoke in opposition to the
memorial, and complained that the gentleman
from New York had formed his opinion. Mr.
S. also went into the history of the admissions of
Tennessee, Indiana, Alabama, Ohio, and Illinois,
to show that these cases were not analogous to
the present.
Mr. BEARDSLEY explained, and said that the
gentleman [Mr. Storer] must have misunder-
stood him. He had expresslystated that upon the
boundary questions, and everything connected
with those questions, he gave no opinion—indeed
he had come to no result upon those questions.
He hoped and expected that the gentleman would,
in this respect, neither misapprehend or misrep-
resent him, and he confidently believed he should
not m this respect be mistaken.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr
Hardin] had thought proper to rebuke him for
having expressed the opinio  he had done, yet
that honorable member had gone much further,
and announced his own opinion upon the bound-
ary question in all its aspects and bearings. This
he had not done, he had only said that, inde-
pendent of the boundary questions, the case of
Tennessee was a precedent for the present appli-
cation of Michigan. He, however, made no
complaint that his colleague on the committee had
made up a full opinion upon all matters; that was
* matter for him alone to decide.
Mr. DAVIS was in favor of the rejection of the
petition, principally on the ground that it pur-
ported  o emanate from a State which did not
exist; that one of its objects was to take from the
State of Indiana a portion of its territory, without
'the consent not only of that State, but without the
authority or consent of the citizens of Indiana
residing in that portion of her territory which
was claimed by Michigan. He was not disposed
in this w ay to compromit the lights and interests
of the citizf ns of his State, while he would be the
last to entail or abridge the legitimate right of
petition. When the people of the Territory of
Michigan should, in a proper manner, apply for
admission into the Union, he should not object,
but would hail her as a sister of the Confederacy.
Upon the proposition before the House, however,
he felt bound by every consideration of duty and
justice to enter his protest, and he had voted
against the motion for Us postponement, because
he wat. pi epared at once to meet the question, and
vote foi the rejection of the petition.
Mr HAWJSS disliked upon any occasion to
move the previous question. He, however, felt
constrained in self-defense to make the motion.
Mr LANE hoped the gentleman would with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr HAWES said lie would do so most will-
ingly, but that at Itast fifty speeches were in a
state of preparation on the subject.
The pi evioua question was seconded—76 to 59.
The House then determined that the main ques-
tion should be now put
Mr. HANNEGAN asked for the yeas and
nays on the main question, which were ordered,
and were as follows*
YEAS—Menta. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Bond,
Boon, Bunch, Bynum, John Calhoon, Carr, Carter, Casey,
John Chamber-, Chaney, Nathaniel H Claiborne, Crane,
Da-.i«, Evans, Rice Garland, Grave , Griffin, Hamer, Ham
mend, Hanneean, Hardin, Harlan, Harper,Howell, Hunts
man, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, Kilgore, Kinnard,
Lane, Lay, Luke Lea, Lucas, Sampson Mason, Maury,
May, McCarty, WcLene, Mercer, Milhgan, Moore, Patter
son, Pettigrew, Pinckney, Rencher, Reynolds, Shield*,
Sloane, Spangler, Standeter, Storer, Waddy Thompson,
Turner, Vinton, Washington, Webster, W hue, W hittlesey.
Sberrod Williani3,and Wise—61
N VYS—Messrs Adams, Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Bearrdsley, Beaumont, Bockee,Borden,Bovee,Boyd, Brigg ,
Brown, Buchanan,William B Calhoun, Cambreleng, Chap
man, Chapín, John F H Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland,
Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer, CuslHng, Cushman,
Darlington, Denny,Doubledav,Dromgoole, Effner, Everett,
Fairfield, Farhn, French, Fry, Philo C Fuller, William K
Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Glascock, Graham, Gran-
ger, Grantland, Grennell, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hail,
Hard,SamueIS Harrison, 4aronG H irrison, HawesHavv
kins, Hav ne=, Hazeltine, Henderson, Hcrster, Hoar, Holsey,
Hopkins, Howard, Hunt, Huntington, Ingram, William
Jackson, Jabez J ackson, Janes, Joseph Johnson, John W
Jone , Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Klingcnsnuth,
Lansui", Liporte, Lawler, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Leon-
I ard, Lincoln, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Abijah Mann Job
| Mann, John Y Mason, William Mason, Moses Mason,
McKay, MeKennan, McKeon, McKim, Miller, Mont-
gomery, Morgan, Morns, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Par-
kpr, Parks, Dutee J Pearce, James A Pearce, Franklin
Pierce, Phelps, Phillips, Potts, Reed, Joseph Reynold ,
Ripley, Roane, Rogera, Rus-,ell, Seymour, Augustine H
Shepperd, Shinn, Smith, Sprague, fcteele, Sutherland,
Tahalerro, Taylor, John Thomson, Toucey, Ton ns, Tur-
rill, Underwood, Vanderpocl, Wagener,Wafdu(li,Weeks,
ana Lewis Williams—138
So the motion to reject the petition was determ-
ined in the negative.
Mr LANE moved to amend the motion to re-
fer the petition to the Committee on the Judiciary,
by adding that " it be considered as a memorial
from the citizens of the Territory of Michigan."
He was desirous that the petition should go to
the committee in its true garb, and not in one
which it hid no right to assume.
Mr HANNEGAN moved to amend the
amendment, by adding the following:
" This Hou.ee in receiving the memorial purporting to be
from the Senate and House of Represcntatn es of the State
of Michigan, regard the same in no other light than aa the
vo'untary act of private individuals, who hene, without
autlianty, assumed a corf ovale capacity and name "
Mr. SLADE proposed to strike ont the words
of the amendment printed in italics.
Mr. HANNEGAN accepted the amendment
as a modification of his motion.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. HANNECAN,and decided m the affirm -
, ative, as follows.
I     YE\S—Messrs   Chilton Anan,  Heman Allen, Bean,   i
Bell, Bond, Buchanan, Bunch, John Calhoou, William B    '
Calhoun, Casey, George Chambers, John Chambers, Cha-
ncy, Child', Nathaniel H Claiborne, Coles, Corwin, Crane,
Davis, Denny, Everett, Farhn, Forester, Philo C Fuller,
Galbraith, Rice Garland, Gillet, Granger, Grayson, Gren- 11
yell, Gnflin, Hdand Hall, Hamer, Hammond, Hannegan,
Hardin, Harper, Samuel S Harrison, Hazeltine, Heister,
Hopkins, IlonUI, Ingersoll, William J.ick on, Jane , Jar-
vi^, Joseph Johnson, Henry Johnson, Benjamin Jones,
Keiin hi, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lawrence, Luke Lea,
Lincoln Lucas, Abijan Mann, Sampson Mason, Maury,
May, McCarty, McKennon, McLane, Mercer, Milhgan,
Morns, ParMei .Patterson, PattdHi, James A. Btarce, Petti-
grt w, Peyton, Pnslfeey, Reed, Rancher, John Reynold ,
Seymour, William B. Sliepard, Augustine II Shepperd,
Shields Slade, Sloane, Spangler, Standefer, Storer, Taha
1 ferro, John Thomson, Underwood, Vmton, Washington,
Webster, White, Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, Sherrod
Williams, and Wise—98
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Ash, Beale, Beardsley, Beau
inont, Bockee, Borden, Bojd, Bnggs, Brown, Chapman,
Chapín, John F II Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Conner,
Craig, Cushing, Cushman, Darlington, Doubleday, Drom
goole, Fairfield, French, Fr}, William K Tuller, James
Garland, Glascock, Graham, Grantland, Hnley, Jo eph
Hall, Aaron G Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Hen-
derson, Holscy, Howard, Hubley, Hunt, Huntington, Hunts-
man, Ingham, Joseph Jackson, John W Jones, Judeon,
Klingensimth, Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Joshua Lee,
Leonard, Loyall, Lyon, Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John
Y Mason, Moses Mason, McKay, McKeon, McKun. Mil
ler, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens, Parks,
Dutee J Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Phillips, Potts,
Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Rogers, Russell, Smith, Speight,
Sprague, Steele, Taj lor, To'vns, Turner, Turnll, \aiider-
poel, W'agener, and Wardwell—89
So the amendment was agreed to, and the me-
morial was referred to  the Committee on  the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. JARVIS, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asked the consent of the House to pre-
sent a resolution.
Objection being made, Mr. JARVIS moved to
suspend the iiile, which was agieed to.
Mr. JARVIS then submitted the following res-
olution.
Rooked, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
naval force in commission
Mr. WISE was opposed to the call. He felt
it to be his duty to state, that the Committee on
Naval Affairs had already determined that they
would not, without a call from the executive depart-
ment, recommend an increase of this branch of
the service. The committee had authorized their
chairman [Mr. Jarvis] to call for information
fiom the Department on this head, with a view to
ascertain whether an increased appropriation was
requned. He had no idea that a committee of
this House should be over-active or zealous m
this matter, where no call had been made by the
Executive for an increase of the naval service. If
there was any responsibility involved in the sub-
ject, he wanted the Executive to assume it. If it
should turn out that there was no necessity for
this increase, he was unwilling that it should
hereafter be said that the executive depaitment
did not ask for it. He believed that some of the
executive departments were very anxious that
Congress should assume this responsibility For
one, he could not agree to do so.
Mr. JARVIS said, there was no doubt as to the
sense of the Naval Committee on this subject,
there being seven out of nine on the committee
in favor of the resolution. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Wise] was unwilling to take the
i responsibility of acting on this subject. That
gentleman was disposed to place the committee
| and the House in the attitude of the mere crea-
tures—the mere organs of the Executive, to, carry
into effect his will. He conceived that t,he rep-
resentatives of the people had the right to act on
this important subject, without waiting for the
views of the Executive or any other Department
of the Government. If the Executive acted with
too much haste it was their duty to check him;
if he was too slow, it was their duty to spur hüji
up.
Mr. WISE desired to know whether the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
[Mr. Jarvis] had executed the trust confided to
him by the committee '
[Mr. Jarvis here rose to respond to the inquiry;
but other gentlemen claiming the floor, Mr. Wi&e
refused to yield it, unless for the purpose indi-
cated.]
Mr. W. continued: He would state %o the
House, that if the chairman of the committee had
made the call upon the Department which be
was requested to do, it had not been answered;
and for one, he was not disposed to act until it
was answered. However gentlemen might sup-
pose he seemed to think that the House was the
mere organ of the Executive will, all who knew
him would agree that he was, in fact, utterly op-
Eosed to any such doctrine.    He had no idea of
cing made the tool of the executive.   At one
