ib$6.
Tfeffi tíomk£SSlüNAí> GÉCteE.
8fr
insult of demanding from the American people
exphnntions (and those with a fleet before our
harbor—with the rod hanging over our heads) |
•which are incompatible with" their self-respect i
and chir icter as an independent people—if under
such circumstances compelled to assume a hostile
atutude, I cannot consider that attitude ridicu-
lous.
Mr McK. regretted that this discussion had
taken place To our divided councils many of
our difficulties may be attributed. They give
confidence to those who deny us justice. It is
time these drv ísions should be healed. He had
hoped that, on an occasion like the present, but one
feeling pervaded their body, as was certain but
one feeling animated the entire people of the coun-
try. To refuse the inquiry would look like an
indisposition on the part of the House to sustain
the country. He could not believe that one would
object to a course which was demanded by the
exigency of the times, or that we should present,
when the slightest speck was visible in the hori-
zon portending the approaching storm, a divided
people. On this question which had giv en rise to
this debate, let us, whether it continues to retain
its present aspect or assume any other character,
rally around the altar of country, and be true to
our motto—let us be in factepZuriiius «num. Let
us be true to oursehes, and to our own character;
and present to the civilized world but one front.
Com.ng, as he before remarked, from a section of
country, the lives and property of the citizens of
which were most exposed, he (Mr. McK ) felt
eompelled to address those remarks to the House
on this occasion, and ask the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. REED observed, that the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs had stated that seven
out of nine of the committee had instructed him
to (present the resolution.
Being one of the committee, (said Mr. R.,) I
beg to state to the House the part I have taken.
The chairman, a few hours ago, handed me, in
my seat, the resolutionjiowunder consideration,
and asked me, as one of that committee, if 1 would
consent that he should offer it to the House ' Af-
ter I had read it, I replied that I did not know
that I had any objection. On further reflection,
apprehending that the resolution might lead to an
excited debate, I called upon the chairman, and
expressed my fear to him, and retracted my ap-
proval of the resolution. I feared that it might '
Lead to a debate which might be injurious to the
country. I do not consider the resolution itself
as one of great moment. I admit the subject is
important, but it is only a resolution of inquiry.
It does not instruct the committee to act In my
opinion the whole subject is now before the com-
mittee. They have powers at any time, without
adopting the resolution before us, to report a bill
to increase the Navy, and, of course, the appro-
priations for that object. The subject of im-
proving and increasing our Navy is one of vast
importance, and deserves the deliberate consider-
ation of the committee and of this House. Our
commerce needs protection everywhere. It may
need protection more especially now against Mex-
ico, and vessels may be needed for that purpose.
I regret that, upon a subject of mere inquiry, gen-
tlemen should indulge themselves in debating
upon the danger and probability of a war with
France. I regret that the debate should assume
a tone and manner calculated to produce mischief.
It is calculated, unnecessarily and unjustly, to
alarm the country. It seems to me we are pie-
cipitate. The debate is assuming a most unfor-
tunate character.
We are debating upon the all-important subject
of peace and war with Prance I hope we shall
have more light and knowledge upon this subject
before we seriously engage in such debate. I fear
the debate is ill-judged and unadvised, and calcu-
lated to produce the evil which 1 am quite sure a
great majority of this House and nation depre-
cate and hope to avoid. I do not propose to
engage in such a débete. It is altogether prema- '
ture I beg the House to be calm and deliberate,
and tD avoid excitement, which may be injurious, '
but cannot be useful to the country.                       I
Mr MILLER said he did not rise to discuss a |
question of peace or war, but simply to ask that
the question might be taken by yeas and nays. '
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] had
observed very significantly, a day or two ago, in '
relation to another question, that he would see
who would move the previous question to cutoff
his amendment He (Mr. M.) wished to see,
now, who would vote, under existing circum-
stances, against a resolution directing xnquiry
into the expediency of putting the country in a
state of defense
Mr EVERETT said he was decidedly in favor
of this resolution, for he could not but look around
him and see w hat was passing He, for one, could
not wait the tardy movements of the Executive,
but when he saw gentlemen there rising in their
places, and say, with the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Glascock,] they were prepared to anticipate
the course of the Executive, Mr E. could not but
feel some alarm; and when he saw the indications
he did, from other quarters, it left no doubt in his
mind that it was time for the House to take the
inquiry to itself. At the commencement of the
piesent session, the President had sent them a
message, in which he said that, if any alteration in
the state of our relations with France took place,
at the same time stating what he had already done,
that he would communicate it to Congress. Now
every member of the House knew that communi-
cations had been at least five days in possession
of the Executive,and yet the House had received
no message from him. It was an extraordinary
crisis. When they saw that the Executive was
bound by every pledge, as well as by his public
duty, to make a communication to that House;
when it was known that communications were in
his possession; when it •  as rumored that Execu-
tive councils had been held on the subject, and
yet nothing had officially been sent to them, he
thought it was, in the language of the gentleman
from Georgia, time for the House now to begin
to anticipate the course of the Executive.
Mr. E. said he felt no alarm at the passage of
the resolution, though he would then state what
he believed would be its ulterior object. He I
would conclude by expressing his belief that they j
were to have no communication from the Execu-
tive on this subject for some time, and therefore
it became the duty of that House to institute in-
quiry He should vote for the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. LANE rose (he said) with no intention of
discussing this subject, but merely to state, for
j the information of the House, what his under-
standing was in relation to the course of the Ex-
ecutive on this occasion He believed it was
only on Saturday or Sunday that Mr. Barton
arrived in Washington. [Several Voices "That
is not conect; ho has not yet arrived.' 1 Well,
(said Mr. L.,) there was such a report, and he made
no inquines as to its foundation He would ob-
serve that he was well assured that the President
would communicate all the information in his
possession at as early a period as possible. Of i
this Mr L. had no doubt, and he could sec no
cause thus to arraign the Executive for want of
vigilance, industry, or patriotism
Mr. L well recollected what had taken place
on a former occasion. He recollected that com-
plaints long and loud weie made, that the pro-
posed measure of preparing the country for de-
fense at the last Congress was intrusting the
President with too much povvei. Mr. L. would
now say, that he rested under the firm eonviction,
and he would proclaim it here and elsewhcic, that
if the last Congress had sustained the President
of the United States, by making appropriations
to put the country in a reasonable state of defense,
the provisions of the treaty with France would
all have been complied with, and the money paid,
and this dark and lowering cloud now hanging
around us would never have been seen. It wasthe
maxim of the Father of his Country, " In peace
prepare for war " What was the situation of
this country compared with France' She had
been actively preparing and fitting out her fleets
and armaments, which were hourly expected
upon our coasts What was the situation of the
American people' Scarce a ship in a condition
to defend them' Not a solitary regiment, per-
haps, full' The very omitting to make that ap-
propriation might involve this country in war,
cost hundreds of millions of money, and tens of
thousands of lives, all of which might have been
averted. Had this appropriation been adopted,
we should have had no war, rior apprehension of
war, with a powerful and ancient ally. Mr. L
said he was in favor of the resolution, though, if
he had been consulted, he would have prefeired
waiting for a communication from the President,
who, he had no doubt, would, at as early a period
as possible, communicate all the information of
which he was possessed; and then the House
may be called upon to act in a very different man-
ner and form.
Mr. GRENNELL made a few remarks in op-
position to the resolution.
Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Island, expressed his
surprise that a difficulty should be made of adopt-
ing this resolution from one of the standing com-
mittees of the House, until they heard flom the
Executive, or from one of the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, in relation to its subjeet
matter. He was not disposed to wait in regard
to that question, or in regard to any other ques-
tion in relation to which it might be competent
for the House to act, until they heard from either
one or the other of the Departments. It was not
his intention to enter into any argument on the
propriety of adopting this resolution. If it had
been ordered in ordinary times there would not
have been perhaps a single voice raised against it.
The subject was simply one of inquiry, which
might be offered for consideration at any time,
involving in itself a mere question of expediency,
whether the object was proper or not proper; and
for the purpose of cutting the matter short, and
to test the sense of the House in regard to it, he
demanded the previous question.
Mr. HOWELL moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. GLASCOCK said, as that would be a vir-
tual abandonment of the question, he asked for
the yeas and nays, but at the request of several
members he withdrew the call.
The motion to adjourn was decided, by tellers.
in the negative—ayes 80, noes 96.
The previous question was then seconded by
the House—ayes 104, noes not counted; and the
main question was then ordered to be put.
The question on the adoption of the resolution
was then decided in the affirmative—yeas 164,
noes 18; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs Adams, Ash, Bean, Beardsley, Beau
moat, Bell, Bockee, Bond, Boon, Borden, Bouldm, Bovee,
Boyd, Briggs, Brown, Buchanan, Bunch, Burns, Bynum,
John Calhoon, William B Calhoun, Cambrelong, ( amp
bell, Carr, Carter, Casey,George Chambers, Chanov, Chap
man, Chapín, Childs, Nathaniel H Claiborne, John P H.
Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig,
Cramer, Cushing, Cushman, Darlington, Davi , Denny,
Doublcday, Dromgoole, Everett, Fairfield, Farlm, Forester,
French, Fry, Piulo C Fuller, William K Fuller, Gal-
bratth, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, Glascock,
Graham, Granger, Grantland, Halej, Joseph Halt, Hdmer,
Ilannegan, Harper, Aaron G. Harrison. Hawes, Haw-
kins, H lynes, Heistcr, Hol ev Hopkins, Howard, Hitblev,
Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, William Jackson, Jo«eph
Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Cave Johnson, John W Jones,
Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, kilgore, Kinnard,
Klmgensmith, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lavvler, Law-
rence, Joshua Lee, Lnke Lea, Leonard Lincoln, Logan^
Love, Lucas, Lyon, Abijan Mann, Job Mann, Manning,
Martin, John Y Mason, Mo.-cs Mason, Sampson Ma«on,
Maury, McCarty, McKay, McKennon, McKeon, McKim,
Miller, Milhgan, Montgomery, Morgan, Morns, Muhlen-
berg, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Patton, Franklin
Pierce, Dutee J Pearee, Jame  A. Pearce, Petugrew, Pey
ton, Phelps, Phillips, Pinckney, Bencher, John Reynolds,
Ripley, Roane, Roger*, Russell, Seymour, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Shield-,, Shmn,Slade, Smith, Spangler, Sprague,
Sundifer, Steele, Stonir, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor,
Thomas, John Thomson, Toncey, Towns, Turner, Tumll,
Underwood, Vinton, Wagener  Wardwcll, Washington,
Webster, White, Whittlesev, and Sherrod Williams—106.
NAYS—Messrs Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, John
Chambers, Corwin, Crane, Grennell, Hammond, Hardin,
Harlin, Hazeltine, Hoar, Howell, Inger^oll, Mercer, Potts,
Waddy Thompson, Lewis Williams, and Wise—18
So the resolution was agreed to.
The House then, at five o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 12, 1836.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelsov , his Private
Secretary, containing reports from the Secretaries
I of State and War, relative to the controversy be-
tween  Ohio and  Michigan  on the  subject of
boundary, and, on motion by Mr. EWlNG, it
was ordered to be printed.
,     The CHAIR announced a communication from
' the War Department, transmitting a report from
