9a
TUB iPOXGRESSIONAi, G-UQBifc
January* 12,
the Topographical Bureau, made in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the oth m-
^aid to tin impiovementoi the harbor
if East Thorn «town, Maine, and, on mot on Im-
itan t, in r
if East Thorn isiow u, , i«mt. «m., «•■ —-.....-j
Mr. RLTUÜL!>, it  n> rtfi rred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS,  ETC.
Mr LINN presented the foilowingpctuions
The pctit'on ot sundry citizens of Missouri,
praying forthcestiblishmentof a post route from
Jetttrson cit\ , through the counti. s of Morgan,
Polk, and Groin, to the seat of sovernmeut ot
the Territory oí AiKansas, which was referred
to the Committee on tlie Post Office and Pobt
Roads,
A petition numerously signed by sundry citi-
zens of Missouri, asking for the establishment of
«post route from P .Inn ra, to pass through Pans,
Monroe county, to Columbia, Booae county, to
Jefferson city; which was referred to the same
committee;
The petition of sundry citizens of Missouri,
asking that the session of the district court of the
United States for the district of Missouri may be
held at St. Louis and Jefferson city, which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary; and
The petition of citizens of Missouri, praying
for the establishment of a new land office in t ie
State of Missoun, to be located at Jefferson City;
which was referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr T\LER presented the petition of the
Trustees of the Georgetown Lancaster school,
asking pecuniary aid from Congress, which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr WILES presented the petition of sjndry
citizens of Michigan, praying for an appropria-
tion to improve the harbor of St. Joseph's, on
Lake Michigan, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of William
P. Rath bone, of New Jersey, late a paymaster in
the Army; which was refeired to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Petitions were also presented by Messrs. DA-
VIS, CLAYTON, and LEIGH; names of peti-
tioners not heaid
On motiou by Mr. WRIGHT, the petition and
papers of the heirs of Henry Eckford, on the
files of the last session, were again referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES .
Mi. PORTER, from the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims, to which had been referred the
Íietmon ana documents of the heirs of Milan de
a Carrera, reported a bill confirming their title
to a tract of land
Mr LINNjfiom the same committee, to which i
had beenreferred the bill confirming certain claims
to lands in Missouri, reported the same without
amendment
Mr. TYLER,from the CommUtee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.to which had been ufoircd the
memorial of certain banks of the District on the
subject, reported a bill to extend their several
charters for one jcar, which was read, and oi-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to w hich had been referred the petition of
the heirs of the late General William Eaton, re-
ported a bill for their relief, which was redd, and
ordeied to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WEBSTER, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave and introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were scverallyread twice and
referred:
A bill to fix the compensation of certain offi-
cers of the customs, and to alter certain collection
distncts, and
A bill in addition to the act of 24th May, 1828,
entitled " An act toauthoure the licensing of ves-
sels to be employed in the fisheries."
Mr. KING, of Alabama, in pursuance of notice
fiven, asked and obtained leave and introduced a
ill for the relief of John LaFurettee, which was
read twice and reft rred.
Mr. RUGGLES,in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a joint
resolution providing for the employment of addi-
tional clerks jn the Patent Office, which was twice
I read, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary
SUFrERERS BY ¡NEW   YORK TIRE.
On motion by Mr. WEDisTER, the Senate
procieded to the consideration ot the bill for the
íelicf of the suffeiers by fire in the city of New
^ork. and, after some remarks from Messrs.
WEliSTER, CLAY, WRIGHT, mid WEB-
STER, the bill was laid on th< table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreid to:
Rcsihel, That tho Jiutimn Commute he in truotcd
to innurr into tin propm ti ol en rtin" ft court limwc in
Charleston, south Carolina, tor the ujc o the L niteil ¡states
court .
Mr. TALLMADGE submits d the following
resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pn*t Office and
Post ttoads be ln-trutti d to inquire into the i xpedieney ot
furnishing the prmcip.il post oHumi the several «'t ik> and
Temónos with copies of tho maps ot the po t ornees and
post roid prepared under the direction ot the Post Office
Department, and al o rato the expediency ot lurmslung
copio- ot tlie sauie lor fie u l oi the other Department* ot
the Government
Mr LINN submitted the following resolutions;
whieh he on the tabic one day:
Retailed, That tlie Committee on the Po t Ofilce and
Post Roído be instructed to l iquire into the expediency ot
e>nblishing the to'low in1? po-t roufs
From St Chart * to Dardeiro, Missouriter, Mattnasville,
Pinekner, South Island, Big Spring, Portland, Hihenua,
one ^ a w eek,
Tro n ¡-> ( hide-, bi Portage d"s Sioux, to \lton, tv\ ice
Twoi'vintwo ho-sp p j-t coiche«,
From Palmira, m Marion counti, to pas* through Tans,
Monroe count), Columbia, Boone county, to Jefferson city,
tnict i week,
Tioiu llichmond to Compton's Store, on Grand River„55
milns  once i week ;
From St Loins to Jefler>o.i Barrados, Hcrrnlaneurn, S 
Genevi ve, Pernvdle-, Jackson, toCape Girardeau, twice a
\\ eeK,
Troii Jackson, Cipe Girard" lucounn toFrrdencKtown,
Poto i,Old Almes, Hcrcurvcum Jeffe-son Barravk-. twice
a week, in iour-horsepost coaches.
Rcsjhti, The' the Comimtie on Claims b3 instructed to
inquire into the txp"*dieac\ ol uniting compensation to tlie
record r o* 1 nul tul at St Louis, Missouri, for extra
(hr"- lnr,., onVe rent, and fuel lor office, nlottin? in«tru
menu tnrnishi d ¿nit paid tor by «aid recorder, between
Octi ber U, 1810, and -septembr JO, leaf
üfío'ici/, n at the Commute! 0111*011151011 be instructed
to inquire into the evp Iipik1 ot p arms the mm ' ot J in
Uaptistc Jani-,arreiii-h mtn'ii'a it of Mis=oan, on the pen-
sion roll—the said Jam- havm? erved 19 an ensieii in a
company ol volunteers at the nejo and cip'urc ot V in-
cline ,111 the vear 1779, when said plac vva^ taki.11 by
( )lo ie' Geo 2" P.niers Clark" , o- to im\e siifh other pro
vision tor him as the justic" of the ei e would seem to
demand
Mr CL4.YTON submitted the following reso-
Intioii, which lie on tlie table one day:
Replied, Tint  the Committee on  Military Affairs  he j
instruí ted to inquire into ths expediency ot providing for
toe erection of a fornficatiou lor the defense ot the Deia-
\v are breakvv iter
The resolution submitted yesterday, by Mr.
Swift, wss, on motion of that gentleman, laid
on the table.
The resolutionssubmittod yesterday, by Messrs,.
Webster and South ved, weio consideiod and
adopted.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
The resolution submitted yesterday, by Mr.
Clay, calling on the Piesident for information
relativ c to a h tter said to hav e been written by
the Due dc Broghe to the French Charge d 'Af-
fanes,onthe subject of our relations with France,
came up for considi ration
Mr. LEIGH submitti d the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to:
Rcsohcl, a'so, lir.der the rennction before mentioned,
that the President ba reqae ted to communicate to the
Henato a copj ot the note ot M Scrraner, mentioned in
In  nú ssaje ol the 2>Ui ot February, I8J0, aad not then
tommiimcated for re nous ~titeil n the rcpo-t ot the Sec
retín o> State to the President of th" saoii ¡jite
The resolution was then adopted.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Benton, was taken up for consideration:
RcnoUed, That the surplus revenue of the United Statei
and the din lends of ptock receivable trom th< Bank of the
United S.ites, ou?ht to be -et ipart and applied to the
general defense and permanent s0amty „f x\w country
thrtt the President be requested to cause the Senate to be
I informed—
\     1   The probible amount that would be neo-sarv for tor-
il tiding the lake, maritime, and gult ironü"r 0  the United
State*, and such pomM of tlie laud frontier as may require
permanent fort!Mention*
2   The prob ible amount Hint would be neoes«arv to con
struct an adequate number ot arinorii s and arscmls in the
I luted -""tit  s, and to iupplj the Stites with fi( 11 uti'lery
esp cnll\ hn s fi"ld piects, tor tlieir militia, and with side
inns and pMols tor their eavalrv
3   The probable amount that w ould be necessary to sup-
ply Uie United States w ltli tlie oidimnce,iinis, and mum
tinn of vvir winch a pnpei lcgnd to s(lt detense would
reqiuri tob    ilivajs on hind
4   Th- probibli mnounttlwt wniilrt bo necessary to place
tlie rmvnl delenscM ot the I nhed tetate' (ineiuduis the
mtna-coi the niv\,navy v.irit ,<lock> ird- and stcuuor
fIoitin bitti rie ) upon the fo > iii i t sirenith and r< sp Lt
lbilitv"which h due to the secuntj mid t> the welfiro of
the Union
The resolution having been read, Mr. B. rose
and said, that the objects contemplated by it were
of a general and permanent nature, nnd required
attention, without regtrd to existing circum-
stances. To place itsi If in n «Unto of defence was
the duty of all countries which dr'irtd to pipsorve
then independence, or to live with honor. The
United State vvtre not in a «state of defense, and
it was their duty to attend to that object. The
present time was the proper time. The public
debt was paid, a large surplus revenue vi is accu-
mulating, and the country wis every way pros-
perous. Projects were devised to distribute thrse
surpluses among the States, but he was 111 fwor
of setting them apart, and dediciting them to the
defense of the Union. Formerly, and by a law
as old as the Ripublic, these surpluses were all
set aput, and constituted a separate fund, called
the sinking fund, and inviolably applied to the
sacred purpose of extinguishing the national debt.
By this means the debt had been paid. He was
foi reviving and continuing this policy, with a
change of object, fiom the debt to the defenses
of the Union, and would wish to see all the sur-
plus revenue take that direction, until the country
was as secure from receiving, as it is averse from
offering oTmse. It would require all the sur-
pluses and many years of exertion to accomplish
the object.
Mr. B. repeated, his motion was for objects of
a general and permanent character, and he felt it
to be Ins duty to make it, without regard to im-
pending events, and to cvtnnstc cucumstanees
But theic were cunts and circumstances which"
should give emphasis to his motion, and stimu-
late its immediate adoption. A French fleet of
sixty vcsscK of war, to be followed by sixty
more, now in commission, approaches our coast;
and approaches it for tho avowed purpose of ob>
serving our conduct in relition to Fiance ' It 11
styled in the Fn hch papers, a squadron of observ-
ation; and we aic sufficiently acquainted with
the militaiy vocabulary of Fnnce, to know what
that phiase means. In the days of the great Em-
peror, we were accustomed to see the armies
which demolished empires at a blow wear that
pacific title up to the moment that the blow was
ready to be stiuck. These grand armies assem-
bled on the frontiers of empires, gave emphasis
to negotiation, and crushed what resisted. A
squadion of obs< ív.ition, then, is 1 squadron of
intimidation fiist, and of attack eventually, and
nothing could be more palpable than that such
was the character of the squadron in question.
It lcav es the French coast cotemporaneously with
the departure of 0111 diplomatic agent, and the
assembling of our Congress; it amves upon our
coast at the \cry moment that we shall have to
vote upon Fienc'h affairs, and it takes a position
uj on our southern border—that border, abov e all
others, on which we are, at this time, peculiaily
sensitive to hostile appiopch.
What have wo done (continued Mi-. B.)to draw
this squadron upon us? We have done no wrong
to France, we are making no preparations against
hei, and not even ordinary preparations for gen-
eia! and peimancnt secunty. Ve have treaties,
and are executing them, even the*treaty that she
do> s not execute'   We have been executing that
tlC j%f°r five y°ars> and maY say -hat we have
paid France as much under it as we have in vain
demanded from her as the first installment of the
udemnity; not in fact by taking money out of our
tieasury, and delivering it to her, but, what is
better for her, namely, leaving her own money
in her own hands, in the shape of diminished
duties upon her wines, as provided for in this
same treaty, which we execute, and which she
