n
TfttíS CONGRESSIONAL GLW&
January 12,
kave no effect «pon his conduct. He went for
national defense, because that policy was right
in itself, without regard to tiroes and circum-
stances. He went for it now, because it was the
response, and the only response, which American
honor could give to the visit of Admiral Mackau.
Above all, he went for it, because it was the way,
and the only manly way, of letting France know
that she had committed a mistake in sending this
fleet upon us. In conclusion, he would call for
the yeas and nays, and remark that our votes
jtrould have to be given under the guns of France,
and under the eyes of Europe.
Mr. WEBSTER said his duty was to take care
that neither in nor out of the Senate there should
be any mistake, the effect of which should be to
produce an impression unfavorable or reproachful
to the character and patriotism of the American
people. He remembered the progress of that bill,
(the bill alluded to by Mr. Benton,) the incidents
of its history, and the real cause of its loss; and
be would satisfy any man th«t the loss of it was
not attributable to any member or officer of the
Senate. He would not, however, do so until the
Senate should again have been in session on ex-
ecutive business. As soon as that took place, he
should undertake to show that it was not from
sny dereliction of duty on the part of the Senate
that the loss of that bill was to be attributed to.
Mr. LEIGH said there were one or two facts
in relation to this matter to which he would call
the particular attention of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] Mr. L. referred to a
report of the Committee on Military Affairs at the
last session on the expediency of providing for
fortifications. He did not understand the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benton] to say that
that specific report was rejected. He (Mr. L.)
understood it was rejected with other appropria-
tions.
[Mr. Benton explained.]
Mr. LEIGH continued: I have (said he) a par-
ticular recollection. My mind was attracted to the
subject by the quarrel going on between France
and the United States. He expected some means
to be resorted to in order to strengthen the
national arm. The bill to strengthen the fortifi-
cations of the country had passed the House of
Representatives on the 24th day of February,
and bo anxious was his mind on the subject, that
he went to the Secretary's table to examine
whether particular appropriations were in the bill.
He found none. The Committee on Finance
reported a series of amendments to the bill; in no
case diminishing appropriations, in some cases
increasing them, and in some instances making
entirely new appropriations. All the gentlemen
of the Senate with whom lie had familiar con-
versations would remember his frequent exprés- '
sion of anxiety on the subject of this bill. It
was sent back to the other House with agree- ,
ments and disagrceracuts to the Senate amend-
ments; he did not now recollect to which. After
five o'clock in the evening of the 3d of March
this bill was reported to the Senate. They had
joint conferences with the different Departments
on those new appropriations, and came to the
conclusion to retain all the new appropriations.
An amendment containing an appropriation of
f3,000,000, to be used under the direction of the
'resident of the United States, provided such
expense was necessary to the defense of the Gov-
ernment, was in it after it was returned from the
House of Representatives. The objection to the
appropriation was not on account of any distrust
of the President. No, sir, (said he,) it was
merely as to the constitutionality of it. The
Senate disagreed to the amendment of the House
—the House insisted, and refused to recede. He
alluded to a practice of changing the time of the
clock on the last night of the session; and not
relying upon it, he took out his watch and ascer-
tained by it, if it did not deceive him, that the
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate went out before eleven o'clock, and (said
he) here we sat until twelve o'clock at night,
waiting for their report. They sent a messenger
to keep the House in mind of the appropriation
bill. For what reason the House diA not take
up the report of the committee of conference, it
would be improper, indecent, and disorderly in
him to state.   He had stated the facts, and every
member who was present would remember them
as stated.
Mr. PRESTON said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Leigh] had given a very clear view of
the facts. He (Mr. P.) did not feel called upon
to explain, because he had voted for the rejection
of a bill containing an undefined appropriation
of $3,000,000. It was enough for him to know
that it was an unconstitutional and indefinite ap-
propriation, and dangerous to be put into the
hands of the Executive. He would go further.
If, instead of these vague rumors about the move-
ments of the French fleet, the whole frontier had
been laid in ruins, he would have voted against
it. How was it, that this appropriation had been
sprung upon them ? They were not called upon
for it by the proper Departn ent,and r^p did not feel
called upon without the Department whose busi-
ness it was to make recommendations requiring
such appropriations. He was not then disposed
to take the responsibility for what belonged to
the proper departments, and he was not now dis-
posed to do it. Under the better opportunities
of the Executive to acquire information, it was
the duty of the Department to keep the Senate
informed of the necessity and object of appropri-
tions, and until that was done the Senate was not
bound to act. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] had introduced a resolution for
the distribution of the surplus revenue arising
from the sales of the public lands; and his col-
league, the honorable gentleman from South Caro-
lina, had reported a bill for the appropriation of
the balance of the surplus revenue for purposes
that were defined. But, in this case, the appro-
priation is first made, and then the Executive is
to be asked how much is necessary. You ap-
propriate $30,000,000, and the Executive says
$5,000,000 is all that is wanted; what comes of
the rest? From these vague rumors, the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benton] had taken
occasion to remark, that he desired the exterior
of the United States put into a state of defense.
In all this he concurred. Every Senator had con-
curred in general appropriations to put the Navy
and Army in a state of defense. This undefined
appropriation was not the only exception. The
gentleman from Missouri had said this appropri-
ation was intended to operate as a permanent
defense. He would ask for what purpose was
this French fleet coming on our coast? Had he
said for what purpose it was coming? Why
were the breezes bringing this great armament ?
If it is coming in hostile array, why are we
(said Mr. P.) kept in the dark by the President of
the United States? They had been looking—anx-
iously looking for a message from the President
whether these newspaper rumors respecting this
fleet of observation were true.
The President ought to know—it «ras his duty
to know. He trusted, however, the gentleman
from Missouri had superseded the functions of
the President. Could it be for the purpose of
overawing them out of their votes that this alarm
had been raised? France,our former ally, he be-
lieved, did not doubt our valor. He believed she
had a due respect for us. Why, sir, (said Mr. P.,)
do they think that the approximation of a fleet
of France can alarm us into a vote? No, sir, (said
he,) wc would cover ourselves with a panoply for
our mutual defense. The President of the United
States in his message had informed them that he
had ordered the representative of this country in
France (Mr. Barton) to receive the money due to
us, or ask for his passports to return to the United
States. We were not now represented in either
England or France. He did not say, however,
that we were cut off from all intercourse in Eng-
land as in France.
The President had recommended making re-
prisals, if France refused payment. France had
refused, but the remedy was not pursued. It
may be, (said he,) that this fleet is merely coming
to protect the commerce of France. If the Presi-
dent of the United States, at the last session of
Congress, had suggested the necessity of making
this appropriation, we would have poured out
the Treasury—we would have filled his hands for
all necessary purposes. There was one hundred
thousand dollars appropriated that had not been
called for. He did not know whether he was
permitted to go any further, and say to what
extent any of the Departments were disposed to
go in this matter. At the opening of this session,
the President, in his message, entered into a
detail of our affairs with France, and promised
us, on the return of Mr. Barton, a special mes-
sage. Mr. Barton had returned, if they were to
rely upon the same source of intelligence upon
which the gentleman from Missouri had relied.
We are asked, why has the Senate not done its
duty? I ask, (said Mr. P.,) why the President
has not done his duty ? The Senator from Mis-
souri had preferred a general indictment against
the Senate, before the people of the United States.
It was strange the gentleman should ask the De-
partments for calculations to enable us to know
how much it was necessary to appropriate, when
the information was not given to us when we
rejected the undefined appropriations.
I rejoice (said Mr. P.") that the gentleman has
said even to my fears there will be no French
war. France was not going to squabble with
America on a little point of honor—that might
do for duelists to quarrel about, but not for na-
tions.
There was no reason why blood should be
poured out like water in righting this point of
honor. If this matter was placed on its proper
basis, his hopes would be lit up into a blaze of
confidence. Who were the plaintiffs in this case ?
Not France. We are the plaintiffs. France is
the defendant. If a co. sa. should issue, it would
be to levy upon the goods and chattels of France;
or, in case of her insolvency, to levy on the body
of Louis Philippe. No, sir, (said he,) we shall
have no war with France. I can imagine a state
of things (said Mr. P.) calculated to make a war
inevitable.
If the Senate had wandered so far from its du-
ties as had been intimated, and a war was to be
waged with the Senate, that might make a war
with France; but God forbid that such a state
of things should exist! If a war of partisanship
was to be waged, he deplored the consequences
He hoped no measures would be adopted here
that would lead to a war with France.
If the real cause of apprehensions should occur
he hoped for unanimity. Whether the resolution
of the honorable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr
Benton,] the propositions of the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Clat,] or from his
colleague, [Mr. Calhoun,] should be taken up
first, he would leave to be settled between them.
Mr. CLAYTON was surprised at the sugges-
tion of an idea that the American Senate was not
disposed to make the necessary preparations for
the defense of the country; that they had endeav-
ored to prevent the passage of a bill, the object
of which was to make provision for large appro-
priations for our defense. The Senator from Mis-
souri had gone into an illiberal attack of the Senate.
He (Mr. C.) was not disposed to say anything
further of the events of the last night of the ses-
sion. He took occasion to say there were other
matters in connection with this appropriation.
Before any Department or any friend of the Ad-
ministration had named an appropriation for de-
fense , he made the motion to appropriate $500,000.
It was on his motion that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs made the appropriation to increase
the fortifications. Actuated by the very same
motives which induced him to move that appro-
priation he had moved an additional appropria-
tion to Fort Delaware. The motion was to in-
crease the Seventy-five thousand to one hundred
and fifty thousand, and elicited a protracted de-
bate. The next question was whether, in the
feneral bill, $500,000 should be appropriated,
le recollected the honorable Chairman of the
Committee on Finance told them there was an
amendment before that committee of similar tenor.
As Chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, he felt disinclined to give it up. The amend-
ment feu on the single ground, by one vote, that
the Committee on Finance had before it the iden-
tical proposition made by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. He appealed to the country whether,
under those circumstances, they were to be ar-
raigned before the people of the country on a
charge of a want of patriotism ? He had always
felt deeply affected when those general remarks
were made impugning the motives of patriotism,
of the Senators.   He was willing to go as far as
