Í836.
Iftti í)ttN<3&$SSÍGKAL GLOBE.
98
he who goes furthest in making appropriations
for the national protection. Nay, he would be
in advance of the Administration.
OnmotionbyMr. E WING, and withouttaking
the question on the resolution,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 12, 1836.
Mr. WARD said, as there was a bill before the
House for the relief of the sufferers by fire in New
York, which it was necessary should be acted
on, he would move that the further consideration
of the memorial praying for the abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia, presented by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
be postponed to Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS said he hoped the gentleman
would allow the vote to be taken on the point of
order. The question was upon the appeal which
he took from the decision of the Speaker. If the
House would come to a decision on the appeal,
he would be willing to let the consideration of the
memorial lie over, and he would be glad if the
discussion of these memorials would also lie over,
at least on the day appropriated for the receiving
of petiuons. Gentlemen had not an opportunity
of getting in their petitions on account of these
discussions. There were a great many obstacles
thrown in the way of petitions: motions were
made to reject them—that they be not received.
He should rather see a multiplication of modes
for getting in petitions than for getting rid, of
them. Petiuons appeared to be in bad odor;
and when he heard a gentleman commence a
speech by saying that he was very much attached
to the Union, he took it for granted he was going
to end by a motion to exclude petitions. Peti-
tions had been presented on other subjects than
abolition, which took up much time to debate,
and motions were made to reject them. He con-
cluded by expressinga wish that the House might
decide on the appeal, and he would acquiesce in
the motion to postpone the consideration of the
memorial.
Mr. WARD said, he would be glad to with-
draw his motion, if he thought this memorial
would have preference over all others; but he
thought it would not, and there would be much
time spent in the discussion of them; and he was
very anxious that the House should proceed to
the consideration of the bill for the relief of the
sufferers by fire in New York.
Mr. GLASCOCK said, he was willing the
question should be postponed; and his reasons
were, that resolutions were in possession of the
House,which,if passed,as he hoped they would
be, would put this question to rest. He thought
the House had the right to say that it would not
receive these petitions. The right was recognized
by Mr. Jefferson; and certainly he would not have
recognized it if it was unconstitutional. It would
be for the House to say whether it would receive
them.                                                                         ]
Mr. PATTON said, he regretted very much
that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Glascock]
had expressed a readiness to acquiesce in the mo-
tion to postpone.    It was very evident that the
effect would be to give the matter the go-by. The
gentleman is mistaken, if he thinks he is to get a
speedy and direct vote.    Our time is to be taken
up by discussing this matter every morning on I
which an opportunity offers.   There was no way !
of getting a vote, unless we make it the special
order until it is decided.    One gentlemen will ask
it to be postponed for one purpose—another for
another purpose; and by this means the question j
would be evaded.                                                     |
Mr. BOULDIN.   I do not wish to say much, !
Mr. Speaker, on this subject, but wish to say a
word or two, particularly as to the manner in
which this matter has come before the House, and '
how I have been compelled to vote upon it.    It I
comes up upon various points of order, blended
in some degree with the merits of the question
Whether the petition should be rejected before it
is rend, and you know what is in it—whether the
language in which it ia couched is such as ought
to be received by the House—I have been com- '
polled to give votes seemingly contradictory in '
relation to the merits, owing to this blending and
entwining of questions t>f ordei with the most
momentous matter that can come before the
House, or the nation.
Mr, Speaker, the North and East are not ac-
quainted with the effects of what they are doing;
they do not know what is the feeling of the South.
Sir, if they did, their conduct would be different.
Par be it from me to do or say anything, or gite
any vote, that will endanger this Union. I love
the Union as I love my life, and this makes me
anxious that this matter should be understood.
The SPEAKER said the point was, shall the
subject be postponed ?
i Mr. BOULDIN. I know that, sir; I am en-
deavoring to show the propriety of coming to an
understanding on this subject now, in preference
to then. Sir, the question I wish to come to is
this: Do you mean to take measures to endanger
our property or our lives ? liberate our slaves,
directly or indirectly, now or hereafter ? I have
no doubt the liberation of the slaves of this Dis-
trict by Congress is unconstitutional, and will,
on any vote, say so. But this is not what I care
for. He that is willing, professing to he friendly,
to use means, directly or indirectly, to endanger
my life or rob me of rny property, has little re-
gard to constitutional scruples or difficulties.
Sir, I am not disposed to weaken the tie of
love that exists between all the members of this
Union; but I wish, as soon as possible, to inform
the North and East with what a tender hand they
ought to touch this subject; there are individuals
in this Union who I know love their country, and
this Union is dear to them, as the heart's blood
of the dearest, tenderest object of their affec-
tions—in whose bosom a thorn has been planted
by another project from the same quarter. I mean
the tribute ofprotecting duties. This thorn pained
and wounded at the time, and has rankled and
festered, and the wound is no w in a festering state;
and this is not the time to open it and plant an-
other more fatal Still and more galling.
It is this, sir, which causes me to urge that we
come to a full understanding of this matter be-
tween North and South, East and West; for I
know that northern and eastern gentlemen do not
know that there are feelings existing in the South
upon this subject that cannot be further agitated '
or pressed upon.   Let top not be misunderstood;
I do not charge the whole fault of the agitation
on this subject on the North, nor would I wish ,
to say anything unkind or intemperote, calculated
to wound the feelings of any member of this i
House or this Union.    I think I know that, if ¡
1 they were apprised of what they were doing or I
likely to  produce, they would  act  differently.
They love the Union.    And did I intimate that
the South did not equally?    Sir, they love the
Union equally; but insulted, injured love is the
mother of the purest hate; and I wish all members
of the Union to be apprised of what is likely to be
the effect of pressing this matter upon us.    They
are not advised; I know they cannot be; sir, I
know our own conduct ought to be revised by us j
at home on this subject; let us inquire whether our
societies and fourth-of-July speeches on emanci- |
pation, and other things in relation to negroes and ■
negro slavery, have not invited strangers to med- (
die, and have not led to a misunderstanding on
this subject.
I am sure that, on reflection, our northern
brethren will admit of repentance on seeing error.
I am equally satisfied that the attention of the
South having been drawn to what they have them-
selves done, they will retrace some of their steps,
and all will be willing to leave this subject—too
mysterious, deep, and dangerous for man's man-
agement, (or that of woman either)—to the oper-
ation of time and the providence of God, in whose
hands alone this subject must at last be left. It
is impossible that gentlemen should be sensible
of what they are doing, or I do know by looking
into my own bosom, (a place I find the safest of
all to look, when I know that passion is absent
to find,) what others will do on any given point.
I know, sir, by what I find in my own bosom,
that if gentleman knew what was or would be
the effect of pushing this thing upon us, they
would, with all courtesy and humility to their
constituents, return these numberless petitions,
and tell them that dangers of which they were
not advised awaited the passing of this matter,
and that, if it was scill insisted on, they would at
last offer them. 1 know this wottl* be their
course, as certainly as I can know anything de-
pending on observation and familiar acquaintance
with the common practice of man, and their ordi-
nary action and motives in the common business
of life. They cannot be fully sensible of what
effects they are likely to produce. Look to the
sources of their information. They rely in a
great measure on the representations of the ladies,
who appear to be the principal petitioners. Let
me cast no slur over any portion of the fair «ex.
I wisli them every good wish if they be single,
which I must believe is generally their condition;
if they had husbands and children, they would
find something else to do. I wish them all good
husbands, ana something better to do, and that
they may spend their days and their nights in
■ some employment more likely to give them pleas-
ure and do the world a benefit, than drawing their
Íictitions, so well calculated to produce effects so
ittle likely to give them satisfaction or comfort
after they are produced.
Whether they be married, maids, or widows,
I wish not to wound them; and they must be rery
different from any of their sex of any class that
I have been acquainted with, if they would per-
severe in any course that went to hazard every-
thing dear to their sex. Sir, wore they informed
in what a situation they would placo the maiden
pride of their sex—if they were informed that
they would hazard the life and safety of the dear
and tender offspring clinging to the bosoms of
their own sisterhood, sympathizing with them in
all the tender ties that bind the mother to her
smiling infant, who draws its vital being front her
breast, I am sure they would stay their hands.
Could they be informed what effect they had pro-
duced upon the helpless, defenseless objects of
their blind charity,they, being Christians, (as all
women are, or should be,) would leave the thing
to God.
It is immaterial whether you mean to do this
thing by thie means' or that: whether immedi-
ately or indirectly,nans  or hereafter, the object is
the same, and the «onsequences to us are the
same; and it is obvious that this subject is pressed
upon us of tke South in some form or other by
societies formed, religious associations, political
combinations, male and female, private and public,
from day to day, and from week to week. Sir,
let u  alone to ourselves in this matter.
[Here the Speaker said the question was
whether this subject should be postponed until
Monday, and the gentleraaa was going into the
whole merits.]
I think, Mr. Speaker, (continued Mr. B.,) that
these reflections are directly in point, to show we
should come to an immediate understanding on
this matter. However, I will not urge any other
remarks at this time; but when the main question
comes up, if we should ever be able to get to it,
I will claim the attention of the House while 1
give to them and to my constituents my view*
on the merits. 1 will simply add, that if the
materials of civil war and discord are matured in
this nation, it will be a matter of little consequence
at which end of the Confederacy the flame com-
mences. The consequences to the whole Union
will be the same. Ay, sir, and the horrors and
the alarms of southern maids and matrons can
only be equaled by the terrors and alarms, the
horrors and calamities of the maids and matrons
of the North. Rachels weeping for their children,
who are not.
Mr. CRAIG said, that in postponing this mat-
ter it was not giving the subject the go-by. It
would come up in a better shape when the reso-
lutions were under consideration. When the
resolutions came up, let us march as one man to
the point, and the matter will be1 decided, and
decided satisfactorily, he hoped, both to the South
and to the North.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON said, he did not rise to
debate the question. He thought that, if we
were to vote, and not to speak bo much, we
would be enabled to get through the business
much more advantageously than at present. So
far as the States were concerned we all agreed,
and he would not say it was expedient to touch
this matter even in the District of Columbia. Mr.
J. had risen for the purpose of asking the coa-
