\)4
T U *(X)J*GJtJES8l91S,Ak &LQP&
January 1$,
■ent of the House to report several bills from the
Committee on Military Aftturs.
No obiectio  being made,
Mr R. M. JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Military Aftairs, reported the following bills;
which were committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and, together
with the reports and documents accompanying
the same, ordered to be printed:
A bill making an appropriation for collecting
materials preparatory to the commencement of
certain fortifications;
A bill for the better organisation of the corps
of Topographical Engineers; and
A bilfauthorizing the Chief Engineer to em-
ploy clerks and a messenger.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice that he would call
up the first-named bill on Thursday next.
Mr. PEYTON then rose, and said, he had not
intended to say one word upon the subject before
the House at that time. However, if he under-
stood the honorable member from Kentucky [Mr.
R. M. Johnson] aright—and Mr. P. wished, if
he misunderstood the gentleman, that he would
correct him—he understood the gentleman to say,
substantially, that so far as the question of slavery
was concerned in the States, he (Mr. J.) thought
it agreed on all hands, that that House had no
power to interfere, but that, so far as the District
of Columbia was concerned, it was amere matter
of expediency.
Mr. JOHNSON explained. What he said
was, that he had much rather that the House
should at once v ote upon the question than discuss
it; and that, if the House would come to a vote,
he thought there was no member in the House
who would vote that they had the power to inter-
fere, so far as the States were concerned, nor a
single member in the House who would say it
was expedient to touch it even in the District of
Columbia.
The CHAIR said further remarks must be
anested. The question bqfore the House was
merely one of time, whether the subject should
be postponed till Monday next?
Mr. PEYTON said he had nothing to say on
that subject.
Mr. CAMBRELENG expressed a hope that
the motion would prevail, as he wished to move
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the memorial, and the motion to reject it,
were then agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the'Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill to regulate the disbursement of the public
moneys, and to pr6hibit allowance's ndt authorized
by law,
A bill for the relief of Robert McClmtock;'
A bill for the relief of Robert Dickey, of New
York; and
A bill for the relief of John Frazer & Co., of
Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following resolutions; which
were agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the estimate of appropriations
as relates to the salary of a clerk in the office of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs at St. Louis, be referred to trie
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of the estimate of appropriations
for clerks in the General Land Office not provided for by
law, be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Thank-
ful Randal.
Mr. GRAYSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Mayes, mother of Wilson Mayes, deceased, late
of the naval service.
Mr. PARKER, fronr the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following bUls; which were
.read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Jame  Tucker and John
Judge; and
A bill to establish rations for the Navy.
,Mr. SMITH, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following bills; which
were i-ead twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of N. and L. Dana & Com-
pany; and
A" bill for the relief of Philip and Elizabeth
Greeley.
Mr. MAY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill to authorize the
President to cause to be issued to Albert I. Smith
and others, patents for certain reservations of
lands in the Territory of Michigan; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting a quantity of
public lands to complete public buildings in Ar-
kansas.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported the following
bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Francis R. Theobald;
and
A bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Stone.
Mr. LOYALL, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
D. Walker; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill for the relief
of Ebenezer Breed, of Boston; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Michael Fenwick, deceased;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of David Kilburn; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of John Brahan, late receiver of public
moneys at Huntsville, Alabama; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Nancy Haggard; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported a
bill for the relief of Robert Allison; which was
read twice and committed.
On motion by Mr. BEARDSLEY, several doc-
uments relative to the boundary.between Ohio and
Michigan, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAWLER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
and William Moore; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, reported- without amend-
ment the bill from the Senate authorizing an al-
lowance in the accounts of the American Consul
at London.
Mr, HUNTSMAN, from the Committee on
Prnrate Land Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of T. F. Reddick; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Abraham Forbes, a spy in the late war; which
was read twice and committed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions,
&c, were made by Messrs. MAY, MUHLEN-
BERG, HAYNES, HA WES, HOWELL, Mc-
CARTY, CRANE, KENNON, ASHLEY,
ASH, FRY, HAMMOND, and EVERETT,
from standing committees; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Andrew Hoover;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. McKIM, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill for the relief of Asa
Armington; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to provide for the seizure
and sale of property brought into the United
States in violation of the revenue laws in certain
cases; which was. read twice and committed.
Mr. KENNON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting preemption rights
to certain lots in the town of Porrysburg, in the
State of Ohio; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. CAP.R, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills; which
wore read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Henry Stoddart;
A bill for the relief of John Barklcy; and
A bill for the relief of Amity Leach.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and M^ans, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill making appropriations for the Military
Academy of the United States for the year 1836;
A bill for the relief of S. Morris Wain; and
A bill for the relief of John F. Lewis.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to lay before the Hou^e the report of the Firth Auditor, to-
gether with the correspondence growing out of the inquiry
ot the Treasmy Department in relation to the beet mode of
managing the light-house establehment of the nation.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, submitted the following
resolution; which was agreed to-:
Retoked, That the message of the President of the United
States of the 25tli January, 1834, with the accompanying
documents, concerning theclaun for indemnification of the
owners of the ship Frances and Eliza, now on the files of
the House, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. LAY, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be required to
inquire into the expediency of paying the claims of William
Russell; and that the accompanying affidavit of Horace
Steele, in relation to the claim of William Russell for remu-
ncr<Uion for property taken and appropriated to the use of the
Army of the United States dunngthe late war, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PINCKNEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
naval depot in Charleston harbor.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expedience ot providing bj law tor the pay-
ment of the claim of John II. Ilolland, man-hal of the eastern
district of Loui«iana, for the expenses incurred in the care,
clothing, subsistence, and medical attendance of a number
of Africans placed in his charge, under the laws of the
United StaVj relative to «he slave trade.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to com-
municate to this Hou*e the survey and estimate of Lieu-
tenant P. Brown, ot the Corps of Engineers, of the work
proposed to be constructed at the eastern termination of
Lake Ene, for the protection of commerce on the lakes.
On motion by Mr. WISE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be ins true led to inquire into t'ie expediency of
establishing a post route from Princess Anne, in Somerset
county, Maryland, via New Town Wind, Maryland, Mapp s
tavern, Riley's store, Jerlkin's bridge, Guildford, and Bag-
well's mill, in Aecomack eounty, Virginia, to Drummond
Town,tn Acdomack county, Virginia.
On motion by Mr. PEYTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Monroe, via Locust Shade,
in Overton county, Tennessee, bv Sehna, Jack on county,
Tennessee, by Garrett Moore's, "Tennessee, to Tompkins-
ville, Kentucky.
Orí motion by Mr. HAMER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are hereby, instiucted to inquire into the expediency
of increasing the salary of the dist'icf judge of Ohio.
On motion by Mr. STORER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads aid Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing bv
law a subscription to the capital stock of the Ohio and
Charleston railroad, whenever t'io corporation  created by
the Legislatures of Kentucky, Tennessee, and North Caro-
lina shall open the books lor the subscription of stock.
On'motion by Mr. PEYTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Gamsboro', Tennessee, by-
Major Thomas Butler's and Sehna, to Burksville, Ken-
tucky.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN,
Resolved,  That the Committee  on Commerce  be in-
structed to inquire into the expediencv of making the town
of Lafayette, oh the river Wabash, a port of entry.
On motion by Mr. HAWES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an
appropriation for the improvement of the  navigation of
Green an'l Big Barron rivers, in the State of Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. MANN, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the equity and
expediency of releasing John  Mahon and Asa Mungree
from top payment of a judgment recovered by the United
Btates against Uiern, as bail for Daniel Holt, formerly a
postmaster at Herkimer, in the State of New York.
