THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
fiR^T Se^siov, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1836.
Volume 3....No 7.
no remission had taken place upon such an appli-
cation for many years now last past. He regarded
that proposition of relief, therefore, as one of
doubtful result, and certainly calculated to excite
long debate and to occupy much time, if ultimately
successful. The present measure was not of that
character, but was the one which had been uni-
formly adopted in such cases, and for that reason
had been put forward now, under the hope that it
would not only meet the approbation of Congress,
but its prompt adoption.
Time (Mr W said) was everything to the suf-
fering merchants He had been informed by the
respectable committee who were here to repre-
sent theirinterests,ihat something like forty thou-
sand dollars in amount of these bonds were falling
due daily, while a provision in the revenue laws
positively prohibiis the entering of goods by, and
the reception of new bonds from, a merchant
whose former bond is due and unpaid in the hands
of the collector. Importations oidered before the
fire are daily arriv ing, and men whose all has been
consumed are compelled to raise the means to pay
their existing bonds, to enable them to enter the
goods thus received Delay, then, in the exten-
sion of the credits proposed by this bill might
cause a commencement of mercantile failures,
which, once commenced, could not be calculated,
either as to their extent and number, or as to their
effect upon the general mercantile community of
the country. He did hope, therefore, that the
bill might be acted upon without delay, and with-
out being connected with other propositions of a
more questionable character.
He never spoke of legislative precedents as
binding upon legislative bodies, but lie did speak
of them as worthy of the most grave considera-
tion when tin y were found to be uniform, and not
conflicting with principle. He feared that the
proposition to remit the duties upon the burned
¡roods would be found to be against the prece-
dents and i ractice of the Government for many
years last past, and for that reason his own efforts,
with those of the committee represemingthecm-
loa* of New York, have been to have this bill
presented by itself, disconnected from any such
debatable question. It had been so presented by
the Committee on Finance, and he hoped it would
not now be exchanged for so doubtful a mode of
relief, by the adoption of the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr Clav,] ot in any way connected with that
question. He v i<.hed each measure of relief
prayed for in t'n N;w York memorial might be
acted upon re jarately and independently by Con-
gress, and 'it must eitreat the Senate to adopt or
reject the To^oeition to extend the time for the
payment ->t the duty bonds, and not to changeit
for anotVr, as he feared it would prove a less
accepts ) e proposition.
Mr. W said it had been objected, to the second
sectio' of the bill, that it was unconstitutional, as
bein? «rithin the meaning of the Constitution,a
regu ft on of commerce or revenue, not general
to a i the ports of the country, but partial, and
pro, osing to give an advantage to the port of New
Yo> <. He could not himself see any force in the
obj-ction. He could not view the bill as a regu-
lat en of commerce or r>venue,in any manner to
aft ct importations hereafter to be made, or the
revenue to be collected from such importations
It *ras a mere regulation between the Government
aj'i a certain portion of its debtors whose means
o' payment had been swept away by a fire unex-
ampled upon this continent in its extent, and the
destruction of property it had caused. Could
any gentleman consider a simple forbearance of
payment to debtors thus circumstanced as a reg-
ulation of commerce or revenue, and, as such
partial, urn qual, and unconstitutional > He could
not think so, and suiely he was entirely unable
to see how this position was to be maintained by
gentlemen who proposed to remit the duties upon
the burned goods, and thus, not to forbear pay-
ment upon the bonds merely, but to give them up
to be cinceled without payment. He must sup-
pose that, if Congress possessed the power to
foi bear payment upon any bonds taken for duties,
they possessed equal power, so far as the Con-
stitution was concerned, over all bonds so taken,
and cer'ainly he could not comprehend how it
could be constitutional to give up a bond to be
canceled without payment, and unconstitutional
to forbear payment upon that same bond for a
term of years, or a few months, giving nothing
but the use of the money.
Any objection, however, to the second section
of the bill of this character, might be easily re-
moved by an amendment which should make that
section general and applicable to all the outstand-
ing duty bonds taken at all the ports of the coun-
try. It was not for him to object to such an
amendment. The bill, in that shape, would be
made more acceptable to his suffering constitu-
ents, because relief to any commercial town in
the country would consequently relieve the suf-
fering city whose interests it was his duty to rep-
resent in this debate. The present state of the
national Treasury would permit the extension of
time upon the existing duty bonds, without injury
to the fiscal operations of the Government; and
if any member of the Senate would propose such
an amendment to the second section of the bill,
he should most cheerfully assent to it. He had
not felt, and the committee from New York rep-
resenting the interests of its citizens had not felt,
at liberty to ask that the bill should be extended
beyond the suffering port, but he could not be
nvstaken in saying that, if made general, it would
be even more acceptable and more beneficial to
that city than in its present shape
But (Mr W. said) the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clat] as a substitute for this bill
would not afford the relief required. He feared
the honorable Senator himself was not aware of
the practical effect of the proposition. "What did
he suppose would be the extent of the relief it
would afford' He (Mr. W.) was able to say,
from the information given to him by the intelli-
gent gentlemen who composed the committee from
New York, that it could not exceed a million and
a half of dollars; that the whole amount of duties
to be remitted or refunded upon burned goods, in
case that measure should be adopted accoiding
to the prayer of the memorial, could not greatly
exceed that sum. This would furnish great and,
in many instances, effectual relief to the immedi-
ate sufferers by the fire, but ¡> would be, more
properly speaking, individual than general; it
would act more emphatically upon individuals
than upon that great trading and commercial com-
munity; it would distribute, eventually, and when
the extent of the claims could be ascertained, a
large sum of money among the actual sufferers,
who w ere importers and dealers in dutiable goods,
and in that sense was a most desirable measure of
relief. The bill before the Senate, however, had
a large scope, and proposed to accomplish a more
general object. It proposed to relieve, so far as
forbearance of payment could do it, the whole
city, it was not opposed to the measure of relief
provided for by the amendment, but independent
of it; it was more speedy in its influence, and
consequently would be more instantly beneficial.
Mr. W. said it was not by anything we could
give that he expected business in that great com-
mercial emporium would be continued without
fatal inteiruption; it had become embarrassed by
an unprecedented destruction of property, sweep-
ing from thousands of individuals, as it were,
instantly, the means of paying their debts and dis-
charging their obligations of a pecuniary character.
The Government was a creditor to more than
three and a half millions of dollars. We have our
hand upon these oppressed merchants, and unless
we raise it, by an extension of time for the pay-
ment of this great sum of money, if we enforce
payment in this hour of their affliction, hope must
desert them, and mercantile failures must com-
mence, the extent of which no human foresight
can measure.    Will not the Senate, then, consent
to the forbearance proposed by this bill, and leave
for future consideration the relief provided for in
the amendment >
i     Mr. W. had already observed that he did not
quote legislative precedents as binding upon legis-
I lative bodies, but that he did refer to them as
j worthy of high regard in cases where the power
[ to act was clear, and the practice of Congress had
been uniform and long sanctioned.    In that sense
he was bound to refer to several acts of Congress
applicable to cases of the nature, but not of the
extent, of the case under consideration.   These
acts spread over a period from 1803 to 1820, and
the relief afforded by each was an extension of
time to the debtors of the Government for the
payment of their duty bonds.    The acts to which
he would refer were—
An act for the relief of the sufferers by the fire
at Portsmouth; in the State of New Hampshire,
in 1803;
|     An act for the relief of the sufferers by the fire
at the same place, in 1807,
j     An act for the relief of the sufferers by fire at
Norfolk, in the State of Virginia, in 1804,
An act for the relief of the sufferers by the fire
at Savannah, in the State of Georgia, in 1320,
Together with sundry private acts for similar
relief in individual casi s of loss by fire.    It was
a duty he owed to the Commi'tee on Finance, of
which he was a member, to refer to tluse prece-
dents as their justification in presenting the bill
before the Senate     He was not aware that any
question of partiality or favontism towards these
afflicted ports had been raised, or that it had been
| for one moment supposed by any person that these
I laws were infractions of the Constitution, or that
they disturbed, in any sense, the equah'y of the
regulations of commerce or revenue     He would
add no more upon this point, but, with a s ngle
¡ other remark, would submit the bill to the judg-
ment and justice of the Senate
Was it not for the interest of the Government
to grant this extension' The means of its debtors
to pay had been swept away by the fire. Still
they were struggling, by every effort which en-
terprise and courage could command, to sustain
themselves, to sustain their credit as merchants,
and to avoid bankruptcy, until the regular restora-
tion of business and the gams of trade should en-
able them to pay their debts If, in this state of
things, we press them with demands of immedi-
ate payment of our $3,600,000 of bonds, is there
not greater danger of loss to us tnan if we give
them time, and permit them to make the struegle
which they are now making with so much credit
to themselves and to the mercantile character>
He would give it as his most deliberate opinion,
that the bill was rather calculated to contribute to
the security of the Government than to subject it
to loss, and that it should be passed as a measure
calculated to benefit the Treasury, even if the suf-
fereis were not to be regarded.
Mr. EWING confessed that his doubts had not
been remoied by the observations of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance He believed
that if the extension were made general, it would
be considered a regulation in relation to revenue.
If, as a general proposition, then (said Mr E ) it
would be considered as a regulation in relation to
revenue, when you make the extension apply to
a particular port, contrary to that provision of the
Constitution before referred to, this regulation ap-
plies to the port of New York alone, and gives that
port a preference over the other ports of the Union.
The fire in New York gave Congress no power it
did not possess before. Then, suppose there had
been no fire there, and a bill was brought in to
extend the credit on duty bonds one, two, three,
four, or five years, touching New York, and no
other city, would it not then be contended that
you were giving a preference to New Yoik over
the other ports of the Union' The fact that there
was a fire did not change the nature of the case
