98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
jecti
vote
at all. You are (said Mr. E.) giving- advantage
to New York not given to others. _ It appeared
to him that there were strong constitutional oo-
ctions to the bill, and he, therefore, could not
for it. He would with pleasure give it his
support, if these constitutional objections were
removed. The amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky was equally objectionable.
Mr. WEBSTER could not go for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ewwg.]
It resolved itself into a question of constitutional
power. Seeing a practice of the Government for
a period of twenty years, we should be cautious
(said Mr. XV.) in hazarding an opinion against
it. How did it happen that bills in 1803, in 1Ó04,
and in 1820, of similar tenor, passed Congress, •
and the question of unconstitutionality had not
been discovered till this time.' Was this a law to
regulate revenue, because it finds certain debtors
to°the Government, and gives them time ? Was
that a reflation of the revenue of the Govern-
ment? The Constitution goes on, (said Mr. W.,)
enumerating certain powers and restrictions.
Congress had a right to regulate commerce with
foreign powers. It conferred no power to give
a preference to importations in one State over
another. In this prov sion it had clearly a pros-
pective view. A man has a bond to pay, and
Congress gives him time. Was this regulating
the revenue of the country ? On the ground of
prudence, he thought the bill ought to be passed.
it was an act of prudence for the Government to
give relief as a prudent creditor. A prudent
creditor would always give time, rather than in ur
the risk of losing his debt. With respect to the
pronos.tion intended to b¿ introduced in place of
this bill, first, it provides for a return of duties,
and an appropriation of a million and a half of
dollars. 'That law must find out the loss. Here
is a man (said he) who has received the amount
of insurance on his goods •, should he receive the
relief? He did not say that was a case that might
not be provided for, but it was a case that was
not provided for. It was said that the original
bill was unequal in its operations. He did not
consider it a ease of right; and it was, therefore,
not necessary that an exact amount should be
given to each according to his loss. If it should
be more favorable to some than to others, no one
had a right to complain. The Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] seemed to regard this
matter as a release. He thought the true state of
the case liad been stated by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wright.] It was not a re-
lease, but an indulgence.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, had no hesitation in
saying that if there was any sea-port of this Union
deserving the special favor of Congress, it was
the port of New York. But on this, as well as on
all other occasions, we should (said he) act on
principle. The principle they should act on with
regard to this bill was one which should govern
them on all subsequent occasions of the like na-
ture. The danger was of establishing a prece-
dent which they might hereafter be called on to
follow. On the subject of constitutional power
alone, he confessed he had no difficulties. The
Senatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] had
put that question on its true grounds. We are
(said he) dealing as a creditor with our debtors,
and we have the power to grant them the indul-
gence contemplated in the bill.. But (said Mr. K.)
we should not on all occasions use the power we
possess without due caution, lest weabusc it. The
second section of the bill was liable to serious
objections. It provided not only to extend the
credit on the bonds of those who had suffered by
the fire in New York, but on all other bonds. It
might be carried over the whole continent. The
credit might be extended to Liverpool, to Lyons,
and to Leeds. The great difficulty was to extend
the bounty of the Government to those who were
the proper objects of its bounty, and not to those
who had no claim on it. Now, as far as New
York was concerned, he ventured to say that not
one in a hundred would be the actual losers by the
fire. Do we not know (said he) that the abstrac-
tion of so many goods from the market will raise
the value of the rest? The value of the goods
remaining on hand then will be enhanced, and
though some few may suffer bankruptcy, the mass
will b« benefited by their speculations.   These
results operated against the second section of the •
bid, and supported the proposition of the Senator |
from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] to strike
out that section. The Senator from Massachu-
setts agreed that it would be a matter of prudence
in Congress, as creditors, to extend the credit on
the debts due them; but by what stretch of argu-
ment could the Senator make this apply to the
provision in the first section of the bill, which
renews bonds already paid? The arrangement
that gentlemen contended for was that of a pru-
dent creditor to secure his debt. The first section
was as follows:
" Provided, That tlinsr who are in the provision of fhi3
section, but who miy have paid their bonds subsequent to
the late fire, shall also be entitled to the benefit of this sec-
tion, and that the said bonds shall be renewed from the day
when the same were paid, and said payments refunded."
That is to say, (said Mr. K.,) that we are to
take money out of our pockets, and lend it for
four or five years without interest, for the pur-
i pose of securing our debt. He admitted that the
Senator from Massachusetts was perfectly correct
in his constitutional argument, but he thought
there should be some reasonable affinity between
the measures to be adopted and the end to be
attained. Ho asked, therefore, if the bill was the
prudent measure of a prudent creditor to secure
his debt? He should vote against the second sec-
tion, which extended the credit on the bonds of
those who had not suffered by the fire; and should
also move to strike out that provision of the first
section which refunds the money and renews the
bonds already paid. With these changes, he
would vote for the bill.
¡ Mr. MANGUM was decidedly against the
propositions to amend the bill.    There was no
, gentleman there prepared to say what would be
the scope of its influence, or the amount of money
necessary to meet the cases that would occur.
Both the gentlemen who had proposed amend-
ments assumed the constitutional power of re-
leasing entirely. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Commerce had announced that if
the power to release the whole could be assumed,
we are well warranted in assuming the fact that,
I for the safety of the debt, we are justified in
I giving an extension of time. In a conference of
the Committee on Finance, they had come to that
conclusion. This Government had one precedent
much stronger than any one that had been referred
to. It was the case of the earthquake in Vir-
ginia, in the days of her greatness. Ho should
vote for it, on the ground that it was to afford
present and immediate re'tef to the whole com-
mercial community in the city of New York, and ¡
to others in different parts of the country. The j
relief would be afforded to the whole community.
Was it not compatible with the beneficence of the
Government to extend relief wherever it could be
done constitutionally ? He thought relief could
be best administered according to the opinion of
those who liest understood the nature and-extent
of the calamity; and he would vote against every
amendment that was offered. Did the Constitu-
tion justify it? He did not doubt it. Did the
finances of the country justify it? They did—
French war, or no French war
Mr. LEIGH did not rise to enter into the de-
bate on the subject of this bill, but to state his
opinions on the constitutional objection's that had
been raised to it—not that his opinions were very
important to any one but himself, but that they
should be well understood.   The question was,
whether this bill was contrary to that provision
of the Constitution which declares that no pref-
erence shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or revenue to one port of the Union over
the others.    Here, if this bill applied to New
York alone, the objection would be well founded;
but it gave relief not only to the merchants of that
particular place, but to all others concerned in the
trade of that place, for their losses in consequence
of the fire.   Now, he did not see how this was
a general regulation as to the revenue; it applied !
to a particular place, and to those who were by '
business connected with it.   This was his idea of
the Constitution, and he had no doubts as to the '
constitutional power of Congress to pass this bill, j
He considered it impossible so to contrive a bill '
by which relief might not be extended in some I
cases in whieta, adverting to the particular cue, it J
I on°-ht not to be extended, and withheld in some
| cases in which, adverting to the particular case, it
ought tobe extended.
Mr. DAVIS believed there was a uniform
desire in the Senate to afford relief, provided it
could be done consistently with other duties. The
bill purported to be a bill "for the relief of sufferers
by fire. He had some objections to the bill, but
he would not say that he would vote against it. It
was his purpose at present to throw out some
objections that had occurred to him. Gentlemen
argued that the bill was not to relieve sufferers by
fire, but to relieve the commercial community. If
so, then the title was wrong. Do you, said he,
propose that persons who have lost merchandise
and property shall receive an extension of credit
on bonds for duties? We had lately introduced a
more speedy method for the collection of duties;
but by this bill the time of collection was to be
extended for four or five years, without paying
interest. Who were those gentlemen to be
benefited ? The object all suppose to be for the
relief of citizens of the city of New York. But a
1 great amount of these goods were imported by
foreigners. Suppose a man has his goods in-
sured in Liverpool; is he entitled to your benefi-
cence? He would ask what proportion of this
property was of foreign manufacture, and what
proportion of American? You do not (said he)
propose to give relief to the American manufac-
turer. You extend it to a class of persons who have
not asked it. It was not the principle he com-
plained of; it was the great inequality of distrib-
uting the relief. You place (said Mr. D.) a fund
in the hands of individuals who have not suffered,
i and to whom it is clear gain. As to the proposi-
] tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] to
] extend this relief to the whole country, it was
more objectionable than the other. Here was a
great suffering they all knew of; among those
sufferers a large proportion were Americans. By
adopting the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ewikg,] you propose to throw into the
hands of foreign persons a large amount to inun-
date the country with goods.
Mr. WEBSTER said a few words in reply to
his colleague, [Mr. Davis.]   The suffering of the
commercial community was great and was gen-
eral, and his colleague well understood how in
such a community the losses of one affected
another.   In a large community, mixed  up of
buyers and venders, importers and retailers, all
must have suffered more or less in such a calam-
ity as that at New York.   Were those alone who
came there the actual sufferers by this fire?   The
[ Senate would see that if the actual sufferers alone
I were interested, they would be debating about
j returning the duties on the burnt good3, whereas
j they were discussing a bill to relieve the com-
mercial community.    The application was in be-
half of the whole commercial community—those
j who were scorched as well as those who were
not.    Did any man doubt that there were hun-
I dreds of sufferers who did not lose a bale of
i goods or the most considerable tenement? While
his colleague objected  to this bill, he had not
pointed out a more appropriate mode of relief.
This bill was a mode of relief which operated
■ on the whole community, though  perhaps more
on some than on others.   It extended to those
who had domestic goods, and to those who had
suffered by the fire; and those whose warehouses
were full of domestic goods would be among the
most anxious to get this bill passed, in order to
sustain the credit of those with whom they are
connected in trade.
Mr. NILES rose to say that he had prepared
an amendment, which he intended to offer if the
several amendments then under consideration
should not be adopted. He had listened with at-
tention and with profit, so far as his own action
on the bill might be concerned, to this discussion.
He felt that there was much weight in some of
the objections which had been urged against the
bill by the honorable gentlemen from Kentucky
and Massachusetts, [Mr. Clat and Mr. Davis,]
and the amendment which he had prepared he
thought would remove some of those objections.
[Mr. Niles here read his amendment, which was
a proviso to the bill to secure the payment of in-
terest on the bonds, the payment of which was
to be extended.] There ore two questions arising
