l&M.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
upon tins h 11: one, whether the relief it provides
is nis^iitble and ndaptjd to the case; and
w'  mi i! is cqurabU  and lust in ltsdisinbut'on
so tai as it is to benefit individuals. He thougSt
theie vn le objections to this part of the bill, and
its benefits would probably be veiy unequally
distributed, and what gave more force to this
ob|ection was the fact, that the greatest benefit
could be shared by those least entitled to it—
by the large and wealthy importéis. What is
the obje-t of this bill, and thj natuie of the relief
it provides for5 It is the extension of cndit to
the merchants vv ho are the debtors of the United
States for duties. It is not, as I understand, the
object of the bill to remit any part of them, it
seems not to be designed to afford any pecuniary
relief further than by the ex tension of credit. This
being the object of the bill, he was not willing to
give it an opention by which it might put lar^e
sums of money into the pockets of merchants.
All who have sustained a loss to the amount of
$1,000 will be entitled to an extension of three,
four, and five years'credit on their bonds without
interest, so that a merchant having bonds to the
amount of $50,000, and having lost jjl,000, vv ould,
by this bill, he a gainer to the amount of several
thousand dollars
There was another question in relation to this
bill, which was, whether there was any constitu-
tional or other general principle which stood in
its way.
He had no difficulty as to the constitutional
questio i which had been raised, he had felt no
doubts at first on this point, and if he had, they
would have been removed by the lucid and (to his
mind) conclusive argument of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.] But
this bill was by no means free from objection in
regard to the principle on which it rests. This
bill is a case of special or partial legislation, to
which I have a strong objection, as all special
law  confining either rights or immunities, or
other benefits on particular individuals, must op-
erate in derogation of the common rights and
interests of the community. The law will, as has
been observed, act on the debtors of the United
States, yet not upon any geneial principle; it
will not opeiate on all the public debtors, nor on
ill of any general class, as the debtois for the
purchase of the public lands, or the debtors for
duties on imported goods, but its operation will
be local, and confined to a particular description
of debtors in a single sta-port. This is, there-
fore, a clear case of partial legislation, and objec-
tionable in principle. The question in my imnd
is, whether the cxtraordinaiy encumstances of
this case are such as to form an exception to a
sound general principle. If there can be any
exception to this principle—and  [ am not pre-
Eared to say there cannot be—this case must
e one. It is not necessary to enlarge on that
terrible calamity, or the consequences of it, which
in one night laid in desolation a large portion of
our greatest commercial city. I consider this,
sir, an extraordinary case, and I am, therefoie,
prepared to vote for this bill, although it will íe-
quire a departure fiom a sound principle which
lam extremely unwilling to disregard.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, it h-vd not been his
intention to say a single word upon this question
He would not do so now, but lie distinctly per
ceived if the fuends of the bill yielded to any one
of the amendments which had been propo ?ed, the
bill was lost We must take the bill as itnow is,
or none. For his own part, he took a much more
hbeial view of the ques ion than some of those
gentlemen w ho had addressed the Senate. What
was, the state of the case > On the 16th of De-
cember last, a capital of between seventeen and
eighteen millio is of dolíais had been, in one day,
annihilated by fire in ourgieat commercial empo-
rium. Notvv itlistanding this calamity, not a sin-
gle failure had since taken place among the mer-
chants of that city. He would say, that he did
not believe the history of the commercial world
presented an example of such punctuality and
such ability to comply with all engagements in
the midst of such distress. Itwas highly honor-
able, not only to Ni w York, but to the American
character. At the time of this destructive fire,
the merchants of that city were indebted to the
United States about three million six hundred
thousand dollars. And w hat does this bill—first
and second st rtions and all—piopose ' l'o give
t'.em this amount, or any part of it' INo, sn
VH that is asked is, that vou shall not, in the
midst of then distie s, extort this sum fiom
them, which, at this moment, may save them
from insolvency and ruin, for the puipose of
placing it in an overflowing Treasury, wheie it is
not wanted. \ou are only asked to grant these
sufftiing merchants time to pay this money, pro-
vided they eive you ample security that the
money shall-bc paid Is there a single Senator
who would not most cheerfully comply with this
request, if he did not believe the Constitution to
be in his way9 botone. He certainly should
not go into the argunn nt of the constitution ll
question, after what hid been already said. He felt
confident that a large majority of the Senate weie
alieady convinced that the Constitution had noth-
ing to do with the question After the merch  nt
had entered his goods at the custom-house, and .
given bonds for the payment of the duties, he
became a debtor to the Government, with whom
we might make any fair and reasonable terms, as
we may do, and have done, with our other debt-
ors. This, he was very clearly of opinion, would
not be giving any preference, by any regulation
of commerce or revenue, to the ports of one State ,
over those of another
What is the present condition of the mercantile
community of New York5 He had observed in
the late publicjoui nals that money was now worth
one, one and a half, and two per cent, a month
The pressure was very great. The present state
of tension could not long endure. Without some
rehef— some speedy íelief—it was piobable the
merchants must yield. Let a single failure take
place to the amount of a million, half a million,
or a quarter of a million, and, in its consequences,
it would produce such ruin in New York as
would be felt to the very extremities of the
Union. We might then see that the forbearance
which the bill proposes to extend to the mer-
chants is the very best bargain for oui selves
which we can make.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] lias
proposed, as a substitute for this bill, the remis- ,
sion of the duties upon the goods destroyed by
fire     In this proposition he entirely concurred.
He had always been of opinion, that when mer- J
chandise had been destroyed by file before it had '
gone into the consumption of the country, the
Government ought not to exact the duties     He
certainly, however, could  not vote that the gen-
tleman's amendment should take the place of the
bill, and, more especially, as a remission of du-
ties on the goods destroyed by the fire was a dis-
tinct mode of relief, asked for by the citizens of
New York, which would yet come  before the
Senate.
To the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mi. D\-
vis,] he would s=iy, that he felt as fiiendly to
American manufactures and American manufac-
turers as he or any other gentleman could do,
and would go as far to relieve them. But what
can we do for them on the present occasion 5 We
have not the power to do anything And shall
we, because we cannot do all tne good we desire,
do nothing at all' He trusted this bill would
pass without any amendment.
Mi. CL \.Y said, he perceived what he was not
aware of when he ofFeied his amendment, [Mr.
C here mentioned some new light in which the
matter had presented itself to his mind, not dis-
tinctly heard or undtistood by the reporter,]
and as there seemed to be a general disposition to
giant the relief asked for, he would withdraw the
amendment he had offered.
Mr. TYLER considered it rather supereroga-
tory to extend this dis-ussion further; but when
a member of the Committee on Finance, he had
found, in investigating the matte i, that it had been
the uniform practice of the Government to extend
indulgence to its debtors. He found in the year
1*03 an act for the relief of the sufferers by fire
in Norfolk, and the first section of this bill was
like it. He could not go against this bill when
his own fellow-citizens of Virginia had been re-
lieved in precisely the same case. Mr. T. men-
tioned the names of the committee to whom it
had been referred in the Senate, and, (said he,)
in the House of Representatives, Mr. Randolph
was chairman of the committee who repoitcd it,
w no w as always attached to a strict constiuction
of the Constitution, and it was approved by
Thomas Jeffeison. With these piecedentsbefoie
him, added to the convictions pioduced by the
arguments of the gentlemen who had advocated
the passage of the bill, he could not vote against
it. Mr. T. spoke of the respective meats of the
first and second sections of the bill. It afforded
relief to the whole commercial community in-
volved in this sweeping calamity, said he, it is
not alone the drawer, it is the indorser who stands
in danger of losing the amoun ^. The effect i eached,
to a gi eat extent, cv el y person in the commercial
community. There was one drffeience between
the precedent he had cited and this bill. There
it was not limited as this was. In this bill they
had extended a guai d over it, and as it now stood
it was bettci guaided than the bill granting relief
to the sufferers at Portsmouth and Noifolk.
Mr. HENDRICKS observed that it was obvi-
ous that the bill would be reported to the Senate
without amendment, and that he was piepared to
vote for it as it was. He would resist all amend-
ments that might be offered, believing that they
would only tend to prolong discussion and em-
barrass the passage of the bill.
Mr. EWING thought it necessary to say a word
or two in relation to the first section before taking
the question on his amendment, as it was supposed
there might be some disciepancy between them
which might be removed by another amendment
he would then suggest. The first section of the
bill provided that the collectoi of the port of New
York should be authouzed to extend the credit on
the bonds payable in New York, of those who had
•suffered by the fire. Now he proposed that each
collector in the different ports of tne United States
should have the same authority given him. It
would have this efiect It would operate in favor
of none who had not suffered by the fiie, and
it would not give a prefcience to one port over
another. To illustrate this, he would state a case.
A and B are suffeiers by the fiie in New York,
and both have bonds becoming due; the one re-
sides in New York and the otherin Philadelphia,
so that the bill extends relief to the first and not
to the last. Now he would ask what good reason
there was for making this distinction' The
amendments he had suggested would íemove all
his constitutional objections to the bill, and, if
made,it would give him pleasuie to vote for it.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had listened with
great attention to those gentlemen who had taken
part in this debate, but his objections to the sec-
ond section still remained unchanged It was
admitted on all hands that this second section
contained a novel punciple, and that no prece-
dent for it was to be found on our statute-books
Here indulgence was extended to those who had
not suffered by the fire, and the argument in sup-
port of it was, that it was not a regulation as to
revenue, but that we were as cieditors dealing
with our debtors. But might not this apply as
well when the commercial community of a city
had suffered by any other calamity—by the Lrcak-
age of banks, or by shipwrecks5 You may rt
no time (said Mr. C.) say that this paiticular
city lias suffered, and we must extend relief to it.
Let it be recollected that it was not for the mis-
fortunes of small towns that so much sympathy
was excited, but that the calamities of laige Cities
create our excitement, which is apt to cause the
Constitution to be overlooked, and a dangerous
precedent established by giving a preference to
that city over the other ports of the Union. You
must (said Mr. C.) extend relief only to those
who have suffered, or you will establish a danger-
ous precedent He felt deeply for the losses sus-
tained by this great commercial city, and he would
with the greatest pleasure vote for the bill if its
objectionable features were íemoved, but prin-
ciple with him was stronger than feeling, and he
was compelled to oppose it. He was not sentthere
to exercise his sympathies, but for a higher pur-
pose. He would much prefer leaving this money
in the hands of the merchants to placing it in the
monopolizing banks, which made such great pro-
fits by the use of it, for he believed the merchants
would make a better use of it. He would vote
for the amendment of the gentleman fiom Ohio;
but even if that prevailed he must vote against
