1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
Hoar, Howell, Hunt, Ingcrsoll, Jane«, Laporte, Lawrence, l
Lincoln, bamp on Mi-on, McCam, McKennan, Milhgan,
M-iitgiintn. Morn- P l-ker, Dutee J Pearce Phillip ,
Pott, Reed, Uus-ell, t>|-ide, Spangler, Spragu~, ¡-utherhml,
Underwood. V mto.i, Y\ ebster,Whittlesey, Lewis V\ illianis,
and Shcrrod William —od
¡V \YS— M —r- \nthony, Bcale, Bean, Beard-lev, Bell,
Bockee, Bouldm, Bo\ e, Bovd, Brown, Bunch, Burn ,
Bvnum William B Calhoun, Cambreleng Campbell, tar
ter, Ca-ev, John Chambers, Chanev, Cli ipraan, Chapn,
Child-, Nath unci II Claiborne, John T H Claiborne,
Clev land Codee,Cole-,Connor,Cnift,Cramer Cu hman,
Dim-, D bern Ileum, Dickson, Doubledav, Dromgoole,
Etfuer, Everett, F-nrti 1J, Farlin, Forester, French, Fry,
Philo C Fuller \\ illran K Fu'ler, James Garland, Rice
Garland, Gillct, Gla,eock, Grang<r, Grantlanil, Gravson,
Griffin, Ilalev, Jo-cph H ill, Hilind Hall Hamer, Ham
mond, Hardin, Harp r, Albert G Ilarn-on, Samuel S Har-
n-on, Hawes, Hawkm-, Haynes, Holsev, Hopkins, Howard,
Hubley, Huntington, lluibnuui, Inghun, Jabez Jackson,
Jams, Joseph John on, Richard M Johnson, Cave John
son, Henry Johnson, John W Jone', Benjamin Jones,
Judson, Keunon, Kilgore, Kinnard, klingen-mitli. Lane,
Lansing, Lawler, Gideon Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Logan,
Lovall, Lucas, Lvon, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Manning,
Martin, John Y Mason, William Mason, Mo^es Ma-on,
Maurv, Mav, McComa-, McKav, McKeon, McKim, Me
Lene, Mercer, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens,
Page, Parks, Patterson, Patton. James A Pearce, Franklin
Pierce, P^ttigrew, Pevton, J'hclps, Picken , Pinckney,
Renchcr John Reynold*, Joseph Revnold^, Ito-inc, Roger-,
Sevniour, William B Sli pard. Augustine II Sh"pp rd,
Shields, Shinn, Speight, Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Tav lor,
John Thomson, Waddy Thompson, Toucef, Town , Tur-
ner, lurrul, VanderpoJ, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell,
Weeks, White, and Wi «—I j6
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. HOLSEY obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested to the gentle-
man to postpone his remaiks, inasmuch as the
morning hour was about to expire.
Mi. HOLSEY said it was evident that it would
be almost impossible to ui rive at a decision on this
subject, if they Here to be restricted to a small
portion of the morning hour. Under these cu-
cumstances, he \v ould mo\ e to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Tuesday next,
and that it be made the special oider for that day.
Mi. PINCKNEY moved to print the resol uüon
and amendment.
Mr. PARivS moved to postpone the subject,
and make it t'ie special order for to-moirow.
Mr. OWENS hoped his colleague [Mr. Hol-
set] would accept the latter proposition as a mod-
ification of his motion
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, reminded gen-
tlemen that he contemplated asking the House to
consider the fortification bill to-morrow. He
hoped the motion to postpone until Tuesday
would prevail, or that tho gentleman from Maine
would withdraw his motion.
Mr. PARKS said he would be glad to comply
with the request of the gentleman fiom Kentucky,
Mr. Johvsok,] but he must be excused.    The
peace and quiet of the country requned that this
question should be speedily settled.
Mr. CAMBRELENG was in favor of the post-
ponement until Tuesday, with a view that the
appropriation bills should be in the mean time
taken up and acted on
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed until Tuesday next, made the
special order for that day, and the propositions
directed to be printed.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr BELL suggested the propriety of dispos-
ing of the amendments to the rules of the House
before the House proceeded to consider the ap-
propriation bills, to prevent embarrassment to the
Speaker of the House.
Mr. MANN, of New York, chairman of the
Select Committee on the Rules, said that he should
call up the amendments at an early day. In the
mean timr>, the rules which had governed the
House for some years past were now in force,
and would remedy the difficulties suggested by
the gentleman fiom Tennessee.
SENATE BILLS.
A bill from the Senate for the relief of the rep-
resentatives of Robert Jouett, deceased, was read
twice and committed.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill from
the House making an appropriation to repress
Indian hostilities was taken up, and the bill and
amendment committed.
APPR   PRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the House
I resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up certain appropnrtion bills.
Mr. BELL hoped the amendments to the i ules
of the House would also be included in the mo-
tion, the considtration of which would not occu-
py, he thought, more than one houi.
Mr CAMBRELENG expressed his surprise
at what the gentleman s-ud, for the subject of the
rules and ordeis of the House never came up that
they did not excite more debate than any other
question. Why, there was one single amtn -
ment relative to the previous question,that would
occupy a fortnight, probably, in the discussion.
Under these circumstances, the gentleman must
paidon Mr C. if he could not give way.
The motion was then agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr Con-
nor in the chair.
SEMINOLE WAR.
The committee took up tho bill returned to the
House from the Senate with amendments, making
appropriations to rpprcss the hostilities of theScm-
inole Indians in Flonda.
1 Mr CAMBRELbNG moved that the commit-
tee concurin the amendments of the Senate, which
was agreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill was then laid aside, and the commit-
tee took up the bill making appropriations for the
naval service for the year 183Í!.
Mr. C moved to insert an item of $15,000, to
defiay the extra serv ices for surveying the coasts
and harbors of the United States from 1830, &c,
which was agreed to.
Mr. C. also moved to strike out the proposed
appropi íation of $200,000 for the pui chase of sites,
and erection of maune barracks, near Charh s-
town, Massachusetts, New York, Norfolk, and
Pensacola
Mr. C.bnefly advocated the propriety of striking
out the item on the ground of its being, in itsilt,
an innovation, and probably unnecessary It was
thought by miny d.s>t.nguish< d officeis that the
corps itself was an unnecessary appendage to the
Navy, and only requisite to keep up subordina-
tion, where the system of impressment prevailed.
I The money was also required for the iepair of
fortifications, &c.
I Mr. WISE and Mr SUTHERLAND briefly
defended the character and utility of the marine
corps
Mr VANDERPOEL said, if a vote in favor
of striking out was to be considered as the ex-
pression of an opinion on hibpait, that the maune
[ corps was unnecessaiy, and ought to be dispensed
with, he would vote against the motion to strike
out the item in the l>ill for the building of maune
i barracks He was not prepared, unless blessed
' with more lights than he now possessed, to give a
vote, from which it might be inferred that he con-
sidered the marine coips useless. His honorable
colleagues had repieaented these marines as being
a sort of amphibious creatures, belonging not
strictly to the land or the water Still he was not
aware that the Navy Department had recom-
mended a dispensation with this corps, or that
the iNavy commissioners, or the Committee on
Naval Affairs in tins House, had expressed any
opinion against the u lhty of this corps He was
informed by a member of that committee near
him, [Mr. Wise,] that the Committee on Naval
Affairs were decidedly in favor of the retention
of this marine coips. For his own part, he had
always understood that they were extremely
useful and efficient in time of engagement He
knew very little about the details of their duty,
but he believed that they cained small ai ms, and
when two hostile ships came within musket-shot
of each other, a faithful and w  ll-disciphned ma-
rine corps must be very efficient. He had always
understood that one of the most gallant officers,
whose loss this country had ever mourned, had
been killed by a shot from one of the enemy's
marine corps, and he could not vote to sttike out
the section under consideration if he was to be
considered as thereby indicating his conviction
that the marine corps was unnecessary, and ought,
therefore, to be dispensed with.
Mr, BELL drew the attention of the committee
to the items for making additions and lmprovc-
mon*s to the various navy-yards, amounting, in
the djrgris>te, to upwaids of ^6J0,000. He
thought not a dollar beyond the absolute neces-
sary repius shouid be expended, for, in case of
an exigency, such as rumoied, men and ships,
and not navv-jaids, were wanted. He thought
at least this jj200,0U0 ought to be stricken out,
and the &6JO,000 too, unless the exigencies of the
naval scrvici requned it, with which Mr. B. con-
fessed himself nit to be sufficiently veised to be
abl   to sey himself.
Mi PARKER thought, in case of war, nothing
required morí attention than our navy-yards, and
he maintained that this was one of the most neces-
sary and indispensable appropriations of the
whole bill. He hoped at least the $6J0,0O0 would
not be stricken out
Mi MASON, of Virginia, said the question
was not to dispense with the marine corps at all,
but whethei they should postpone, to some future
penod, the pioposition to accommodate the two
different branches of the naval seivice with dis-
tinct barracks He hoped the amendment of the
gentleman from N< w York would be adopted,
and the item stneken out. He also drew the
attention of the committee to the necessity of
passing this bill as speedily as was consistent with
its full diliberation.
Mr MILLER said a few words in favor of the
amendia^nt.
Mi. CAMBRELENG stated that the item had
not undeigone the full examination of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, for, if it had, they
never would have inserted it at all. It did not
belong to that committee, but to the Committee
on JNaviI Affairs. It was a new matter, not be-
longing to an appropriation bill.
Mi ."HARPER, of Pennsylvania, would vote
for the amendment, bcause he did not desire to
see the maune corps too much separated from the
Navy, nor made a distinct branch of the service.
Besides, he thought the proposition in other re-
spects unnccess cry, because there was plenty of
accommodation for them already provided.
Mr. WISE should vote for the amendment, not
because the marine corps were not desired, but
because tlioywere moreefficient where they were.
Mi VANDERPOEL said he should support
the amendment for the same reason.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the
item stricken out.
Mi. CAMBRELENG then moved to strike out
the sum of j.950,000 "for the repairs of vessels in
ordinal y, and the repairs and wear and teai of
vessi Is in commission, "and insert in lieu thereof
the sum of j>2,000,0UÜ for the same objects.
Mr C. said he was instructed to move this
amendment by the Committee of Ways and
Means, with one single exception, but,in saying
tins, he begged also to observe, without reference
to the question of wai, that he feaied not to as-
sume the responsibility of the measure Mr. C.
referred to the state of our relations with Mexico
and with Fiance, as a reason for requiring this
additional nppiopnation for the Navy
Mr THOMPSON, of South Carolina, said
that the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Mtans need not have been so super-
fluous ab to have declared that he was willing to
assume the responsibility of this recommenda-
tion. These aie times (said Mr T.) when it is
the fashion to assume some responsibility, and
in no case certainly moie striking than this. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mi. Adams] said
the other day that these were times of change. It
is true Not only the powers of one department
of the Government are assumed by another, but
the appropriate duties of one committee are as-
sumed by anothei. As to all matters of finance,
it is my duty to look to the Committee of Ways
and Means, but I have yet to learn to what au-
thority reports from that committee are entitled
upon subjects appropriate to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and the still more important Com-
mittee on Toreign Relations. I repeat, sir, that
the Committee of Ways and Means, on matter 
properly belonging to it, is entitled to our confi-
dence, and the more so because the chairman of
that committee is a practical and successful mer-
chant But, sir, as to other matters, we have had
to-day a piacucal illustration in the subject kat
