102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
considered bv the House, where all the lights
which we had were from that committee—nsrhts
which only made " darkness visible." If these
appropriations are necessary without reference to
our present foreign relation*, let us have inform-
ation upon the subject from the Secretary or the
Navy, with the usual and proper estimates, and
comi'ii" to us through our Naval Committee and ;
I shalfnot oppose them. If necessary with ref-
erence to those foreign relations, let us wait for
information from the Executive, if, as an ordinary
appropriation, as at present advised, they seem
too large: if, with reference to our relations with
France' thev are too small. Give us but light, and
we will be able to act understandingly, and in a
way that becomes this Congress, the guardians
of the interests and the honor of the American
people. Why, sir, have we not that information ?
Som? sreitlenien seem to have it—all are entitled
to it. "Who are we, sir, that are thus called upon
to take a step that may have a most important
bea-ingupon the highest interests of any people—
a bearing, sir, upon the great question of peace
or war>
The Representatives of the people are apart of
the Government, without whose concurrence no
measure connected with this deeply interesting
question can be adopted. It is our right to have
—to demand, sir—all the information which may
be in the possession of the Executive. Unlcssfully
advised, and under the most inexorable necessity,
I will take no step which may weigh a feather ¡n
the now nicely-adjusted balance of peace or war.
I do fear, sir, that we may yet be involved in a
war with France. I am determined, for one,
(and, if only one, that determination shall not be
shaken,) that I will have no share in bringing it
on. No, sir; when it docs come, I am resolved
that I will be able to say to my constituents and
the country—my hands are clear of it; you shall
not say that I did it. Let it not be said, that,
whilst I admit the possibility of such a war, I
will not vote to prepare for it; not so, sir. When
that war is inevitable, when the interest or the
honor of the nation (its honor is its interest) shall
demand it, and when I am put in possession of
all the information on the subject, then, sir—and
not until then—will I take any such responsi-
bility; and not, sir, until I am so advised by that
Department of the Government whose duty it is
to advise me on the subject. I will not make war
in this indirect manner, on the discussion of a
clause in the appropriation bill; nor will I doany-
thing that may have the remotest tendency to that ,
end. War with France, sir! the very idea would
be ridiculous, if it did not involve consequences
and issues so infinitely important and momentous.
Although, I repeat, I have serious apprehensions
that we may be involved in war, J will do nothing
that may lead to it. As matters now stand, there
is no cause of war; nor do I believe there ia the !
slightest reason to anticipate that France will '
stake the first blow. It is with us to choose both '
whether we are to have that war, and the time
for it. Let us wait for intelligence of the recep-
tion of the President's message in France: let us
not add to the existing difficulties of an adjust-
ment. The controversy with France is narrowed
down to a mere point of etiquette and punctilio—
so narrowed down, sir, that, in such a contro-
versy between two gentlemen, if I, as the friend
of one of them, were to allow them to go on the
field of single combat, and either were to fall, I
should regard myself guilty of murder.
When I use this strong language, sir, it is due
that I should glance—and the time and occasion
only admit of a glance—at the origin, progress,
ana present position of the controversy.    By a
treaty concluded with the French ministry, in-
demnity is secured for certain spoliations upon
our commerce; and, what is more, an important
stipulation, and of great advantage to France, of
the treaty of 1803, ia surrendered—a stipulation
so important that the most distinguished mem-
ber of the French  Chambers, opposed  to the
treaty, declared that he regarded the indemnity
of $25,000,000 as nothing to it.   Two separate
commissions, appointed by the French Govern-
ment to investigate these claims, had, after labor- ;
ious investigation, reported the amount due us
to be about $13,000,000.   A sum is agreed to be !
paid nearly double that amount.    Was this not'
enough to create distrust on the part of the French
Chambers—enough to make them doubt about
the treaty, and require thorn to look fully into it
—when there is added to all this that our Minister
first demanded $70,000,000, gradually came down
to $25,000,000—like a Jew selling a'y¡ucl of cal-
ico—after the demand of #70,000,000 accepted
$25,000,000, and boasted (with how much of
dignity and justice I do not say) that even this
sum would pay every cent due American citizens,
(thereby acknowledging that his demand of the
higher sum was not just,) and further, that not
more than one fifth of the French claims was con-
ceded ?
I have known a horse jockey to boast that he
had cheated a gentleman; but a boast like this I
rather think occurs for the first time in the.history
of diplomacy. What, sir, a boast of an advan-
tage obtained in the settlement of a pecuniary
claim; and that advantage, too, obtained by us
from France, above all nations on the earth from
which we should have desired it! No such ad-
vantage was obtained, and the President says,
" that the settlement involved a sacrifice, was
known at the time." Not surely known by Mr.
Rives, because he could not then have made the
boast; but it surely ought to have been known by
him.
Was it not enough to excite the suspicions of
the French Government, that our own negotiator
had thus boosted of the advantage he had gained
—whether with or without cause is not material?
In this state of things, late in the discussion, the
difficulty is suddenly sprung, that eight millions
had already been paid by the Spanish Govern-
ment in the Florida treaty. The Due de Broglio
was unable satisfactorily to answer it, and said
that " he had but a confused recollection of that
treaty." He who had made the treaty of in-
demnity, whose duty it was to have known all
about the Florida treaty, was unable to explain
satisfactorily the difficulty. Under these circum-
stances, was it to be wondered at that the treaty
was rejected, and only by six votes, in a body of
more than three hundred andfifty? What, then,
sir? Was the treaty aban doñeó;1 No, far from
it. A national vessel is fitted out. The King Of
France would not trust to the ordinary convey-
ance, but sent a national vessel to convey to our
Government the assurance of his continued and
faithful efforts to procure the ratification, and of
his hopes of being able still to accomplish it, and
entreating that nothing might be done to add to
the difficulties already existing.
In tliis stage of the matter, the President, in his
annual message, very distinctly intimates his
opinion in favor of reprisals on the property of
French citizens, to avenge a national wrong by
the seizure of the property of private citizens;
and this, too, shortly followed by the recommend-
ation of our Minister in France, that our Govern-
ment should assume a high tone, and vise strong
language—very distinctly intimating that tnreats
would extort from the French people that which
their sense of justice had refused. Sir, I was
astonished when I read that communication. I
was surprised that such an idea ever could have
occurred to any one, still more, sir, to a gentle-
man whose judgment ought to have been matured,
and who had the reputation of wisdom and expe-
rience, and with a thorough knowledge of the
French character—a people, brave, proud, and
warlike, to a proverb. I feel, sir, the extreme
difficulty in speaking of this matter, without sub-
jecting myself toa charge of a want of American
feeling; but, sir, whilst I am an American citi-
zen—an American Representative, I cannot dis-
regard the claims of truth and candor. I am not
the apologist of France. I am, sir, the vindicator
of justice and right; and am constrained to say
that all the difficulties in which we are placed
have, in my judgment, arisen from the indiscreet
warmth* of our own Government, and a course
of measures which I will not say may have
been prompted by the high temper, strong and '
often high impulses of our own Executive—a
course nothing less to be regretted. Why, sir,
let me ask, this most unwise haste in the recall
of Mr. Barton at this particular time ?   Why re-
*Mr. Thompson used the word a°greison in delivering !
the speech ; but alter Mr. Scthehlahd's reply substituted
indiscreet warmth.                                     y          «««<.« ,
move the only possible medium of communication
between the two Governments before the arrival
in France of the President's message, which, but
for that recall, would in all probability have been
regarded as a sufficient explanation, as most
surely it ought to be regarded ? France took ex-
ception to a supposed threat in the communication
of the President to Cong/ess. In a similar com-
munication such a threat is disavowed; and France
is bound to notice the disclaimer, conveyed in the
same manner as was the insult, and puts herself
in the wrong if she does not.
But, sir, this matter has at last reached a most
nice and narrow point of etiquette. The Pres-
ident scouts the idea of making any explanations
of his message; and yet such an explanation is
made by ourdiplomaticagent.with the President's
approval, which approval he authorizes to be com-
municated to the French Government; in other
words, I will not make the explanation myself,
but the explanation made by my agent I adopt.
Now, sir, is not this a quibbling unworthy of
both parties? I think it is going far enough, and
ought to have been accepted. But is it upon such
a point that two great and powerful nations are
to plunge their people into all the horrors of an
interminable 'war—interminable, because it will
be a war upon a point of honor, which neither
can yield? Are human happiness and human life
nothing ? Is war a mere pastime, that it is thus,
and for such causes, to be brought on?
As to the French fleet which is said to have
been sent upon our coast, it does not in the slight-
est degree move me from " my propriety." If
that fleet was sent to overawe and intimidate us,
it would be a very different affair: then, sir, I
would not even treat with France until the whole
nation was clad in armor. Is such the fact ? Has
France in any one instance threatened us? No,
sir. That fleet is not professedly sent to intim-
idate, but to secure the commerce of French cit-
izens from reprisals—reprisals threatened by one
whose power over the action of our Government
is known everywhere—one of the least of all men
living given to child's play—one very apt to do
what he threatens. If that threat be of a bold and
daring act, under such circumstances, every obli-
gation of protection due by a Government to it 
people, demanded some such measure of precau-
tion. So far from threats, has not the whole
course of France been marked by a forbearance
that would have been proper in no people having
a less unquestionable character for courage ? Has
not the French Minister, over and over, replied
to the charge of duplicity and bad faith, and ex-
culpated his King from it, when he would have
been justified in repelling it with scorn?
[I disclaim allargumentsdrawn from a calcula-
tion of the comparative amount of the expenses
of a hostile collision with France, and the amount
secured by the treaty. I agree fully with gentle-
men, that if the national honor, and our ability
or our willingness to protect our citizens in all
their rights, are involved, considerations of the
cost are unworthy and degrading.*] If such an
issue is presented, I will not condescend to say,
nor permit it to be doubted, what will be the
course of the people of South Carolina, in a mat-
ter of patriotism, of duty, of honor. The whole
world already knows whatit will be. The history
of the State in all time past renders it certain to
all what that course will be. Sir, when this
country engaged in the last war, the great cause
of which was the impressment of American sea-
men, and but for winch that war never would
have been declared, South Carolina had scarcely
a seaman on the ocean; but it was northern sea-
men who were impressed—the national honor
assaile I; and what was the consequence ? War,
sir, war ; and so will it ever be, for a like or a
sufficient cause. I see none such now. I will
not contribute, by any vote which I may give,
to create such a necessity.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said he had listened to
the remarks of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Thompson,] and was astonished to
learn that we had been the aggressors. The ar-
gument of the Duke de Broglio was one of great
ability, and fully sustained the justice of our
claims; and was an ample answer to the sugges-
* This tines in brackets are not in tiie speech an deli von J.
