1886.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    105
fraud or fraululent practice, if «ay, with the name of any
officer o the Government charged with being in an} manner
connected therew tth
SLAV ERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The motion made by Mr. Calhoin not to re-
ceive the petition from Ohio, praying to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, was next
taken up in the order of proceedings, and, after
some few remarks from Messrs. CALHOUN,
LEIGH, and CL VY, it was laid on the table.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The Senate took up Mr. Benton's resolution
to appropriate the surplus revenues for purposes
of national defense
Mr. EWING observed, that in the discussion
which had grow n out of this resolution, the res-
olution itself had been, in a great measure, lost
sight of by an attack on the Senate, in reference
to matters bearing, in some decree, on the part
he had taken. He puqjosed to say a few words
on the resolution itself, and to give the reasons
why, in his opinion, it ought not to pass. It
proposed that the surplus revenue of the country,
that on hand as well as that accruing, should be
applied to the fortification of the lake and mari-
time frontier, to the construction of armones,
and the supply of the States with arms, the sup-
ply of the General Government with the neces-
sary ordnance, arms, and munitions of war, and
to place our naval deftnses, including an increase
of the Navy, navy-yards, dock-yards, &c.,upon
a footing of strength and respectability. Now
what were they to undtiatand by the terms made
use of in this resolution' Suppose everything
appropriated necessary for keeping up the civil
list, for the military and naval establishments,
and for othei necessary and proper expenses of
the Government, and they could have no surplus,
so long as these expenses w ere necessary. The
resoljtion implied s.mply this, after expending
all that was necessary for the purposes of the
Government, including the fortification of our
coasts, for our military and naval defenses, then
the residue shall be applied to these latter objects
Surely there could be no surplus until these
wants were fully supplied. Although disposed
to go as far as any gentleman in voting appro-
priations for the defenses of the country, he
wished first to learn from the proper source what
was wanted. Let the President (said he) send us
word what is neceswiry for these purposes, and I
am ready to vote the money, but after having
done this much, I am not disposed to go for a res-
olution contemplating the appropriation of a
surplus to the same objects. The wants of this
Government were not to be measured either by a
surplus or a deficiency. Whatever its wants
were, the country had the means to supply them,
if the Treasury was di ficient, and more than
necessary ought not to be supplied, even when
there was a surplus. The surplus, therefoie,
ought to have nothing to do with the object of
placing our national defenses on a proper footing.
He had another objection to this resolution.
Its object was to get clear of the surplus revenue.
It was not for the Army or ISavy, but purely to
get rid of the money. What, then, would it ask
of the Executive s Why, to apply the money to
the fortifications, the Army and Navy, &c, and
the faster it was applied, the better. This was
the leading object on the face of the resolution.
He was prepared, as he before said, to go as far
as any gentleman in voting for appropnations
for the fortifications, &e , but there was a limit
to governments, when they would expend money
to any tolerable advantage. If (said he) we make
appropriations to any considerable amount, part
must necessarily la) over. The unexpended bal-
ance of former appropriations already amounted
to eight millions; and that unexpended balance
must greatly inciease, if thirty millions of surplus
should be appropriated. The whole of this sur- i
plus was then to be left to the Executive, to be '
applied to such purposes and in such manner as
he thought proper, provided it was forthcoming
when wanted for the purposes contemplated in I
the resolution. It was to be intrusted in the hands
of the Executive for five or six years, at least,
for it would not be in his power to expend all !
this money at once. Estimates and surveys must
te made—materials must be procured and pre- I
pared, and laborers lured, all of which would
require some time It was but the last ycat that
the Secretary of War wis not able to apply the
amount of the unexpended balance in his hands,
because he could not get laborers, as he said in
his report; and if we appropriate this thirty mil-
lions, (said Mr E.,) how many years will it be
before it is applied.
It had been said that our frontiers were defense-
less, our forts dismantled, our ships out of repair,
and that we were not prepared for defense in case
of aggression from abroad Why was it ( he asked)
—why was it that we were in this situation ? It
now seven years since the present Executive had
had all these matters under his control; he had
received all the appropriations asked for, and how
came it that Congress was not informed, from the
proper quarter, of this defenseless condition of
the country' On the 3d of March last it was
that this much complained of foi tification bill was
lost, and who were they at that time who ought
to be charged with its failure' Why, the answer
was easy. There was too much business on hand
in pulling down the institutions of the country to
build up fortifications. Many things had been
pulled down, but none built up We are told
(said Mr. E ) that our frontiers are in a defense-
less situation, and for seven years the Executive
who tells us so has had the defenses of the coun-
try in his hands. It was not for the Executive
to tell them this, when Congress had made every
appropnation he had asked for. Indeed, there
was not a single appropriation refused, when the
responsible person had stepped forward and asked
for it. The Senate had been charged with having
been a party or privy to this defenseless situation
of the country. Now, what was the real state of
the case' Why, there was a fortification bill that
came up from the other House containing nearly
all the necessary appropriations, but some weie
left out, among which was the Military Academy
He did not see the reason why this had been left
out, unless it was among those institutions of
the country that were to be pulled down, though
he was aware that petitions had been sent to Con-
gress acainst it. However, in the bill sent from the
other House, there was no appropriation for that
institution, and many things wanted for defense of
the country were left out of the bill. He recol-
lected going to the other House for the purpose
of seeing any communication from the Depart-
ments that might come there containing estimates
for what was wanted It was late in February
when that bill was reported in the other House.
Everything asked for by the Departments was
accorded in that bill, and it was passed and sent to
the Senate The Senate passed all these appro-
priations, and passed additional appropriations for
objects not mentioned in the bill, and these addi-
tional appropriations were sentto the House where
it remained from the 24th of February to the 3d
of March, and it was at dusk in the evening of
the same day that it came back to the Senate with
this appropriation of $3,000,000 for undefined
objects. Now, was it supposed by any one that
that bill could be passed at that time' Leaving
altogether out of the question the strong consti-
tutional objections to passing an appropriation of
such magnitude for undefined objects, and not
recommended by the Executive, there were not a
sufficient number of business hours remaining
when that bill came in—they were not in a situ-
ation for legislative action, except on matters
already matured Why was this appropriation
thrust in at that late hour' If it was lequired for
the wants of the country, it was required three
weeks before. The Executive, who was ready to
take all responsibility on himself, did not lequire
it—it was to be forced on him, as on the Senate,
but at the very last day of the session, and within
three hours of its close, this appropriation was
thrust in, and did they (said Mr. E.) expect us to
paBS it' Surely not, no man did. It was an
unheard-of appropriation—a general appropriation
for objects not defined, and not called for by the
Executive. If it had been for things authorized
by act of Congress, it would have been mentioned,
but it was not. It would have been going quite as
far as putting the pow¡er of making peace or war
into the hands of the President as to have passed
this appropriation. The Senate could not do it,
and if the Senators, who had voted against it, had
been all out of their Chamber, he apprehended
that those who voted for the bill would have hes-
itated long before they so voted, when the respons-
ibility was to rest on them.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] had
Creferred a bill of indictment against the Senate
efore the whole American people, and declared
that they should know why it was that the coun-
try had been left without the means of defense in
the present crisis of our affairs, that his resolu-
tion for that object had been voted down in the
Senate. Ho could tell the Senator that he might
put another item to his bill of indictment, for he
should vote against the present resolution, but
that whenever he called for appropriations for
proper objects he would go with him, for fortifi-
cations, for the Navy, andforall objects contem-
plated in his resolution. But he would vote for
it to come out of the integral revenue, and not out
of the surplus revenue, though the French guns
were pointed against the Capitol. But the Sena-
tor said he had asked for a second appropriation
of $500,000, which was refused. When that_
matter was examined into in the Senate, the gen-
tleman admitted that it was withdrawn; but this
admission did not go abroad among those to whom
his speech went. There the charge would stand
against the Senate, and although the Senator him-
self withdrew it, the charge would still remain
One word more as to this $3,000,000. The bill
came from the House to the Senate, and after
it had passed that body with amendments, it was
returned to the House, with this $3,000,000 ap-
pended as an amendment to an amendment of
the Senate, (for it could not otherwise have been
introduced, according to the rules of the two
Houses ) Thus an appropriation exceeding the
whole amount of appropriations in the bill came
into the Senate appended as an amendment to an
amendment at that late hour. It looked as if it
had been got up for some political, or for some
great and pressing emergency. There was no
piessing emergency, and theiefore he must sup-
pose the former. The amendment was sent to
the Senate, and promptly rejected. A committee
of conference was asked by the House, and it
was promptly given; the bill went back to the
House, and nothing more was heard of it. Who
were they that strangled the bill there' There
were $>800,000 of additional appropriations m the
bill agreed to, and, after waiting a long time to
hear from the House, a respectful message was
sent to them, that a committee of conference had
been appointed, and requesting an answer. No
answer was received. Was the Senate, then,
under these circumstances, to blame for the loss
of this bill > Was that body to be dragooned into
voting for everything not recommended by the
responsible officer, being charged with pertinacity
or neglect of duty' It was not treating that body
with becoming respect to make such charges
against them.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH said, that when this
resolution was first introduced, he thought it was
intended for some great national purpose; but
when he saw it perverted into a most vitupera-
tive attack on the Senate—an attack that had
been accompanied with an air that comported
with its character, he felt himself called on to
notice it
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
had accused them of a dereliction of duty in pro-
hibiting this Government from adopting means of
preparing a fleet to meet the squadron of France
now approaching our shores. He pronounced
the accusation entirely unfaithful to the Senate,
and unfounded in fact and in truth. If the gen-
tleman 's proposition was intended to be national,
he would make a proposition still more national
He then moved the following amendment:
Strike out all of the firet resolution after the word " Re-
solved," and insert
"That the general defence and permanent security of
the country are principal object  ot the national care, and
therefore adequate and liberal specific appropriations (rom
the public revenues ought regularly to be set apart and
applied to these purposes "
This amendment (he said) had the advantage
over the resolutions offered by the Senator fiom
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in not being confined
to the surplus revenue, and would not interfere
with the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr Clay,] and the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] to distribute the sur-
