1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
desire •>tron,r, why did they refuse it' If they
could not get all they wanted, why did they not
take less '   This $l.6M),fAiO could hare been very
{irofitably tmployed on the fortifications, if they
lad thought proper to take it It was not for
him to explain the motives which occasioned the
loss of this appropriation; but if an ill-natured
man was to account for it, he would say for them
something like this " Lot u«s send this $3,000,000
to the Senate, which is making war on the
President, and is directed bv party motives, and
they will reject it at once We can then put the
responsibility upon them " He himself did not
say that such was the motive of the gentlemen
who occasioned the loss of this bill, but he would
say, that their conduct was utterly incomprehen-
sible.
Mr P concludi d by saying, that he had been
very unwillingly drawn into this debate, but he
could not sit down under the accusations of the
Senator from Missouri, without endeavoring to
disabuse the mind of that gentleman as well as
others. With respect to the particular measure
brought forward by the gentleman, he could not
give it his support in its present form, but when
specific appropriations  for the objects contem
Elated in the resolution should be recommended
y the Executive, he would be prepared to give
them the most respectful attention He was pre-
pared to receive everything coming from that high
quarter with the highest respect, and he would
go as far as any man to put our national defenses
upon a footing of strength and respectability
Mr WEBSTER was not disposed to discuss
our affairs with France. He was determined to
wait for the receipt of information which, at a
proper time, would be produced. He did not in-
tend to anticipóte the message on that subject
from the executive department What he was
going to say was a mere analysis of the history
and progress of this appropriation bill. Mr W.
then gave a minute account of the circumstances
connected with it, until its return from the House
of Representatives with an amendment contain-
ing this appropriation of A3,000,000 He re-
membered the state of excited feeling when it was
read They had just opened the door from ex-
ecutive business He felt a degree of surprise;
and, (said he,) under these feelings, I dare say I
expressed myself with warmth Being chairman
of the Committee on Finance, I took the respons-
ibility then of moving the rejection of this meas-
ure I claim (said he) the merit of it, and when
the expunging process begins, (said he,) I pray in
mercy that my name maybe left on the record of
that vote by which it was rejected A Senator
had said, that if the enemy had been approaching
our country, he would not have voted for it I
say, (said Mr W ,) if the enemy was at the door
of the Capitol, I would not have voted for it.
There were considerations which, when com-
pared with this, did not weigh a feather. He re-
ported the agreement of the committees of the
House and Senate on the amendments to that bill,
and moved a resolution that the House be re-
minded of the bill The Journal of the House
was to be seen, and he would make no reference
to it There was no shuffling on the part of the
Senate He was not now speaking of the merits
of the bill The Journal would show that every-
thing was done by the Senate to make it become
a law He would state what took place in exec-
utive businesses it might have some connection
with the loss of this bill In the course of the
evening they were in executive session on the
nomination of ajudge of the Supreme Court. The
nomination was rejected The President said he
would make no further communication to the
Senate that night If the President could not re-
ceive any communication from the Senate, he
would not have received any bill There was an
idea entertained by some, that the President can
have no connection of an official character with
Congress after twelve o'clock of the last night of
the session. All members who had experience
in former legislation would recollect that a great
many of our laws had received the signatuie of
the presiding officers of that Senate and House of
Represen tatúes, and of the President, after twelve
o'clock.
How was it that the power of the House of
Representatives in Congress expned at midnight
on the 3d of March ' All the Constitution said
was as to fixing the time at two years. The day
was the session of that day They assembled at
twehc oVlock at noon, and it was the session
until the termination of the session of that day,
if it should even be prolonged beyond the hour
of twelve o'clock at night Mr W íeferred to
the President's message, and said he (the Pres-
ident) was not well informed when he said the
bill had passed one branch of Congiess and failed
in the other The bill was not lost in the Senate.
It passed the Senate, and went into the House of
Representatives, where it died in the hands of the
House of Representatives, and it was there where
its bones must be looked for. The President had
said in his message that this failure to make an
appropriation had delayed the progress of the
national defense; a measure which was, to use
his own words, " in accordance with the views
of the Executive " Were they to suppose he
had any other views than those connected with
the public service. The injunctions of the Con-
stitution were that he should give to Congress
such information and such recommendations as
he shall )udge necessary and expedient. And
where was tins recommendation to be found '
Nowhere ' The case had been strongly put by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr Goldsbor-
ough ] The President had not taken upon him-
self the responsibility of telling them this meas-
ure was necessary, and were they, therefore, to
be told they were acting in alliance with the
French fleet, because they refused to act without
such recommendation' He remembered well,
that in the speech of the respectable member
from Tennessee, [Mr. White,] he had asked
where was the recommendation of the Piesident
for this measure' Were they, then, unsolicited,
to be pouring out the treasury into the Presi-
dent's lap' It was no recommendation to him
that there was such a rush of confidence as was
manifested by the House of Representatives to
pass anything. He objected to the propriety of
the expressions used in the President's message
If he had recommended this measure, and recom-
mended it in that form, (said Mr. W ,) I would
not have voted for it. Such an enormous sum of
money was not to be trusted in the hands of
any man, to use at his discretion. At the session
before last he (the President) suggested the pro-
priety of leaving the power with the President to
issue letters of marque or reprisal at discretion
If these two contingent powers had been vested in
the hands of the President, we should at this time
have been up to the ears in a war with France. Is
the voice of Mr Jefferson fore\ei silenced among
his friends' Was this a specific appropriation'
Was an appropriation to military service gener-
ally to be expended in whole or in pirt for mih-
tai y or naval service ' Does not appropuation,
as law yers say, ex vi termini, mean some specific
purpose' He (the President) might raise an
army out of the whole of it. It was in no just
sense an appropriation. He dare not prophesy
how long the Senate could bear this partisan war-
fan , but, Mi President, (said he,) unless there be
an adhesion to the principles, in and out of doors,
that the Senate have sustained, then there are
among the living those in the land who will record
the last dtys of the Constitution under which
you and I were born
Mr. CUTHBERT observed, that after the ex-
pulsion of the Tarqums, the kingly power was
abolished at Rome     The great dread at Rome
was the dread of the kingly name, from whHi
the Romans thought the greatest danger to the
Republic was to be appr hended.  The danger to
Rome, however, was not in the kingly name, for
I so odious had the nnmi  be jome, that in the very
worst days of the Republic it could never have
been revived     Here was the enor committed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts—the dread of
I the kingly power, from which no danger could
I be apprehended in this Government     It was the
patrician eiass, a money  d aristocracy, a combi-
nation of their political leaders, seeking to estab-
lish an aristocratic Government, regaidless of the
welfare of the people, that was moi e to be dreaded
,' than the power of any single man     There was
| the situation under which they were placed in
that House.    The Administration was daily sub-
ject to the mo-tviolentattacksfiom these political
I Ieadeis, who were men of established character,
of intellectual acquirements, and acknowledged
standing in society, yet the course of these lead
ers was not to be impugned, lest (said Mr. C.)
we infringe the rules of order.
Here Mr. C  yielded the floor to a motion for
adjournment,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 14, 1836.
Mr CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported a
bill for the relief of John McCanoll; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. MAY, fiom the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported the following bills, which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of James Trumble; and
A bill for the relief of Michael Thornton.
Mr HUNTSMAN, fiom the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Joseph Nerbert, which was read twice and
committed
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, reported the following
bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Jesse Sykes, and
A bill for the relief of William Hewes.
Mi MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the representatives of Colonel Anthony
Walton White, winch was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr. JANES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Elisha Lucas, which was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr. TURRILL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Tristram Coffin,
deceased, which was read twice and committed
Mi CALHOON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, reported a bill for
the improvement of the harboi ofbt. Louis, which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following resolu-
tion, winch was agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury ot the loth December last, as
relites to the purchase ot site and building a custom house
in Boston , to certain proposed improvements on the cu>
torn house tot at New O.leans, to opening a road through
the ho pital grounds at Chelsea, Ma^achn etts, and to
buildm; a wharf, and making other improvements con
necU d with the custom house it New London, be referred
to fh^ Committee on Commerce
Mr L\WRENCE presen'ed a pi tition in
rc<en iFt to the subjects cmbiacedm the foregoing
icsolution, winch was referred to the Committee
on Commerce
Mr BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills, which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Henry Keefer;
A bill for the relief of Bernard Pompillv, and
A bill foi the relief of Fiancis Bashford.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions
vv ere made by Messrs. CRAIG, BEALE, LAW-
LER, C A.RR, HUNTSMAN, LEA of Tennes-
see, MUHLENBERG, PATTERSON, and
EVERETT.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Haves, of Kentucky, on the 7th instant, was
taken up-
Raohei, That a select committee of nine be appointed
to inquire what amendments, if any, are expedient to be
made to the liws relating to the Military Academy at
V\ eot Point, in the State ot New York, and al-o into the
expediency of modifving the organization of said in«titu
Hon , and, al-o, whether it would not comport mtli the
public interest to abolish the same, with power Jo report by
bill or otherwise
Mr. HAWES said it would be recollected that,
at the last session of Congress, a committee, con-
sisting eif one member from each of the States,
had been appointed, and that committee went into
an investigation of the affairs of that institution.
That committee performed the duty assigned
them, but their report w as made at so late a peí íod
of the session, that it was impossible foi the
i House to act upo.i it     The íesolution w hich lie
