1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Connor
in the chair. >
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he felt it his duty
to throw himself upon the indulgence of the com-
mittee, and ask them to take up and consider the
bill from the Senate for the relief of the sufferers
by the late fire in. New York. His reason for
doing so he explained tobe, that the whole busi-
ness of the custom house at New Vork was ob-
structed, and must remain obstructed so long as
thai bill was not passed, for every bond due was
lying over, and no entries could be made until
those bonds were canceled.
The bill (he said) as it then stood, and was sent
from the Senate, did not embrace that provision
which had before excited opposition in the House
in relation to the surplus revenue. Its object was
simply to extend accommodation to the debtors
of the Government, who had been unable to pay
their debts, from the loss of not less than twen-
ty-five millions of capital in the city of New York.
He therefore moved that the committee take up
the bill from the Senate in relation to that sub-
ject.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read from the Clerk's table, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hixat of Reprtstntatieei
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the collector of the port of New York be, and he is hereby,
authorized, as he mav deem be.-t calculated to secure the
interests of the United States, to cause to be extended (with
the assent of the sureties thereon) to all persons who have
suffered loss of property by the conflagration at that place
on the lath day of December last, by the burning of their
building.- or merchandiie, the time of payment of all bonds
heretofore given by them for duties, to periods not exceed-
ing three, four, and five years, in equal annual installments,
from and n<ter tfie day of payment spt-cified in the bonds ;
or to allow the said bond.* to be canceled upon giving to
the said collector, for the sums of the former, bunds re-
spectively, payable in equal installments in three, four, and
fiv.< year , from and aft.'r the day of payment specified in
t'i ■ bonds to b.1 tak°n up or canceled as aforesaid; and the
said collector is hereby authorized and directed to give up,
or caned, all such bonds upon th¿ receipt of others de-
scribed in this section ; which last-mentioned bends shall
be proceeded with, in all respects, like other bonds winch
are taken by collectors for duties du3 to the United States,
and shall have the same force aud validity : Provided, That
those who are within the provision of this section, but who
may have paid their bonds subsequent to the late fire, shall
also bj entitled to the benefit of this section, and that the
said bonds shall b? renewed from the day when the same
were paid, and said payments refunded: And providei also,
That the benefits of this section shall not be extended to
any person whose loss shall not be proved to the satisfac-
tion of the collector to have exceeded the sum of $1,000.
Sic. 2. And be it further enacted, That the collector of
the port of New Vork is hereby authorized and directed to
extend the payment, in the manner prescribed in the first
section of this act, of all other bonds given for duties at the
port of New York, prior to the late fire, and not provided
for in the first section, as aforesaid, for six, nine, and twelve
months, from and after the day of payment specified in the
bonds: Provided, however, That nothing contained in this
act shall extend to bonds which iiad fallen due before the
17th day of December last.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that the only
variation between this bill and that reported in
the House, was as to the limitations, and the
more specific designation of the kind of property
destroyed. Under former acts of this character,
the amount of property destroyed merely was set
forth; the Senate had, he thought, very properly
inserted the qualification of property, and he
hoped it would be approved of by the House.
Mr. HARDIN said, as the Senate had made the
alteration, none would be entitled to any benefit
who had not sustained a loss to the amount of
$1,000; and sufferers to that extent were to have
a credit to the extent of three, four, or five years,
without interest, that he understood. But he did
not understand the proviso in the same clause,
because it appeared to authorize loaning money
out of the public Treasury, by way of renewing
the old bonds. The money to be returned, with-
out interest, upon three, or four, or five years,
upon the canceled bonds, was nothing more nor
less, he maintained, than loaning so much money
to the merchants of New York who had goods
destroyed to the amount of $1,000. The poor
mechanic, the widow, the orphan, could derive
no benefit from this bill. But he objected to it
also on principle. He was opposed to loanin  the
public money, either with or without interest;
and he denied the power of the Government to
loan its public treasure in this way. He knew
that bills had heretofore been passed for the relief
of sufferers under a dreadful calamity at Carac-
c&s, Alexandria, &c; but that was done under
1 the impulse of feeling. Could Congress relieve [
every citizen of the United States who might be j
overcome by calamity or afflicted hy Providence ?
How many ships were lost upon the ocean? How-
much property lost? And who ever heard of
bills introduced there for relief in such cases?
There were said to be some fifteen millions of
Íiroporty destroyed at New York; but the chief
oss had fallen upon the insurance offices, not
upon the merchants. Probably not more than
three, four, or five millions were lost by the mer-
chants. The gentleman had said that more than
one half the revenue was collected in New York
—more than five millions of dollars. Well, all
that money remained there, deposited in pet banks,
and used for the benefit of the merchants of New
York, without the Government derivingadollar's
benefit. Mr. H. moved to strike out the proviso
to the first section. He said, also, he should move
to strike out the second section, and then he in-
tended to vote against the bill.
Mr. GIDEON LEE, of New York, expressed
his surprise at the unexpected objections he .had
heard against the bill. Mr. L. entered into a full
detail of the particulars of the bill. Thesplendid
city of New York, in the space of one brief day,
had lost one fourth of her assessable property,
not sixteen millions, as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky insisted, but twenty-five millions at least,
and what was asked? Not to restore this prop-
erty, but merely the exercise of the common ob-
ligations between debtor and creditor. Not to
give them money, not to loan it, but they asked
a rich creditor to postpone, for a time, its claims
upon a debtor afflicted with an unforeseen and
almost overwhelming calamity. All that the city
of New York asked was accommodation till she
could get the means of repayment. They asked
it also on the relation of principal and agent. He
could not believe that this magnanimous nation,
with upwards of twenty idle millions in her
Treasury, could refuse this small measure of re-
lief now asked.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, said, the
only power existing in the Government, by which
this bill could pass under the Constitution and the
laws, was the relation bet<vccn debtor and credi-
tor. He maintained that the money paid, the Gov-
ernment was not only bound to hold it, but had
no right to return it. Mr. C. should vote in favor
of the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Hardin.1
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, that, appreciating
and admiring, as he did, that humane, liberal,
and high-minded feeling, which should ever char- '•
acterize an assembly composed of the Represent- '
ativesof a great and magnanimous nation, he had |
not permitted himself to doubt that the bill under |
consideration would pass, if there was no consti-
tutional objection in the way of its passage.    The
' greatest calamity with which the elements had
. ever scourged any city on this continent formed
: the occasion for the appeal which was made in j
behalf of many of the enterprising and ill-fated I
citizens of one of your commercial cities.    The ¡
disaster was one of unprecedented violence, and
gentlemen should nut too readily have been star-
tled, if the remedies proposed had even exhibited
some   extraordinary  characteristics,  which   he
humbly conceived that the provisions contained in
the bill did not do.    To call.for chapter, and rule,
and precedent, and section, to justify means of
relief in such an emergency, would (he spoke it
with all due deference) be too stoical a requisition  ,
for the occasion.    It would be a libel upon legis-  ¡
lation   under  free  and   constitutional   Govern-
ments, for it would be virtually saying, that, in
legislation, the head could never approve what the
heart most eloquently dictated.
That the bill for the relief of the  New York
sufferers, frame it as you might, would be op-
posed, was indeed to have been expected.    It was
to have been expected, that that jealous vigilance
over the public interest and the national Treasury t
which, salutary as it was in the main, so often
detected objections and bugbears, which its own
creative energies only produced—it was to have ¡
been expected that this never-sleeping principle
would, in any event, occasion some opposition to
; the bill; but the friends of the bill still hoped that,
!| when honorable gentlemen came to weigh all the
: arguments and considerations derivable, not only
from precedent, but from principie, that could be
urged in favor of the bill, they would not have
the heart to give it their negative; for he firmly
believed, that they would not have the argument
of the heart alone to justify them to their con-
stituents, but that reason, justice, expediency,
and even precedent should plead their justifica-
tion.
Were gentlemen aware that the statute-books
abounded with precedents to justify the relief
proposed to be given by the first section of the
bill, extending the credit upon the revenue bonds ?
He had collected a few, and he believed only a
few, of the acts which Congress had passed to
relieve those who had been overtaken by such a
calamity. In 1803, the town of Portsmouth, in
New Hampshire, was visited with a destructive
fire, and Congress on that occasion promptly in-
terposed, and passed an act for the relief of the
sufferers, similar in principle to the first section
of the bill now under consideration. It author-
ized the collector at Portsmouth to cancel the old
bonds, and take new ones, and to extend the
credit given by the old bonds. In 1807, it seems
that Portsmouth was again visited by a similar
calamity, and the like relief was given by Con-
gress. In March, 1804, an act was passed for
the relief of the sufferers by fire in Norfolk, sim-
ilar to those which were passed in the cases of
Portsmouth. It will be recollected that, in 1820,
a fire swept away a considerable portion of the
city of Savannah, and you will find, in your
statute-book, a similar act for the relief of the
Savannah sufferers on that occasion. Here, then,
were precedents in abundance to justify the inter-
ference of this House, if there was any weight
in precedents.
But, by examining these same statute-books, it
would be found that Congress had not limited
their relief against such calamities to the mere
extension of the bonds given for duties, but had
also, on various occasions, wholly remitted the
duties on the goods destroyed, and that, too, on a
principle that he considered to be entirely defens-
ible. Under our system of indirect taxation, it
was intended that the consumer should actually
pay the duties upon goods imported into the
country, and if those goods were destroyed be-
fore they went into the hands of the actual tax
payer, it was right that they should be refunded
to him who had thus, in anticipation, paid them
to the Government. If Congress had then, as he
asserted on a variety of occasions, remitted the
duties, and the principle of such interpositions
could be supported, he could imagine no difficulty
in supporting this bill on the ground of principle;
a bill which did not at all propose to relinquish
the debt to the Government, but only to extend
the time for payment of it.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chambers,] had objected to the bill because, as
they seemed to suppose, it dispensed charity.
He (Mr. V.) did not consider that the bill at all
involved this principle of charity. Your great
importing merchants were your agents to bring
into the country the means of raising revenue.
You were the.principai. The arm of your agent
was crippled by a certain catastrophe, which no
human skill could guard against; and the ques-
tion was, whether you would let him sink, and
be disabled from bringing into the country any
more means to enlarge your revenue; or whether
you would, by a little indulgence, encourage and
enable him to go on in his occupation of enter-
prise, and bring from abroad new means of swell-
ing your Treasury ? All gentlemen would agree
with him, that not one single dollar's worth the
less of foreign goods would be consumed in the
country, by reason of the immense mass of goods
that had been destroyed in New York. The
vacuum occasioned by the devouring element
must, and would most assuredly, be filled up;
not a coat less would be worn, not a cent's worth
of groceries the less would be consumed. What,
then, would be the consequence to the Govern-
ment? Why, sir, the Government would actually
make money out of that which had blasted the
hopes, and annihilated the property of so many
enterprising individuals. It would realize the
duty upon the goods destroyed, upon the goods
for which the bonds in question were given, and
