110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
then derive an additional revenue from the im-
mense quantity of goods that must and would be
imported to supply the deficiency. The Govern-
ment would then inevitably gain much by means
of an event which had created so much individ-
ual distress; and would we not, should we not—
when we were to be the recipients of so much
gain—extend a little indulgence to our unfortu-
nate creditois' He humbly conceived that policy
and expediency, as well as justice, dictated this
couisc," that an opulent individual creditor would,
under Ithc circumstances, grant f  his unfoi tú-
nate debtor ail the relief piovidcd foi by the bill
Suppose a debtor engaged in some occupation
which consequentially produced much gain to
the creditor—suppose* him overtaken by a severe
calamity, which paralyzed his energies and dis-
abled him without some relief from furthei pros-
ecuting his business, so directly profitable to him-
self, and so incidentally profitable to the creditor
—would the latter, sir, considering his own in-
terest, hesitate to extend his bond' He would do
this, and be apt to go further, and mike a new
loan. Self-interest, if no better motive, would
prompt him to do this; and was tht arm of Gov-
ernment so tied up, that it could not, in such a
case, do for its own interest what an individual
would do ' He did not believe that wc were so
lamentably impotent.
It had been remarked by gentlemen, that the
proviso to the first section of the bill w as objec-
tionable, because it provided for cases where bonds
had already been paid. He did not consider this
objection at all sound If we legislated at all, we
should do it in &ueh a way as at least not to be
subject to the imputation of partiality. Why
should not those suiFeiers who had been compelled
to pay their bonds, participate in the benefits in-
tended to be secured by the bill, equally with
those whose bonds were unpaid' They had paid
because they could not enter their goods when
their bonds laid over. Was this compulsory
promptness—this inconvenient abstraction fiom
those funds which were necessary to enable them
to further prosecute their business, was this to
operate against them' He hoped and confidently
believed that the bill would pass this House with-
out amendment.
Mr. McK EON said this was a national ques-
tion, for it was a national calamity—a calamity
that would be felt in the remotest sections of the
countiy. And where could the suiFeiers go for
relief or assistance, if they could not come there'
The bill itself under consideration would only
afford partial relief. It provided neither for the
remission of duties, nor for the loan of any of the
surplus revenue. It provided for nothing more
tlian the relief which an individual standing in
the relation of a debtor, suddenly overtaken by an
unforeseen misfortune,would ask of a rich creditor.
Mr. McK. referred to the report of the committee
of merchants of New York, and read an estimate
showing that $18,000,000 of property had been
destroyed, not one half of which would be reim-
bursed to the sufferers by the ínsuranct companies,
($8,75J,000,) and little of that under a peuod of
six months. He defended the provisions of the
bill, not merely on the grounds of justice, but
of interest and policy to the country gener illy.
New York had been a faithful agent in the collec-
tion of the revenue, a statement of the amount
of which he read to the House. Mr. McK. also
replied at length to the objections to the bill.
Mr. PICKENS said no one felt moie deeply
than he did the catastrophe that had fallen upon
the city of New York, the pride and ornament of
the country; and he regretted that the obligations
he owed to the country compelled him to subdue
his feelings of sympathy, and oppose the bill
presented for the relief of her citizens. The bill
was unconstitutional in two points of view. It
conflicted with two provisions of the Constitution.
It first provided for the passage of a revenue law,
or, to a certain extent, an ex post facto law; and
it, moreover, gave one State a preference over
another It encroached upon the provisions of
the Constitution. Mr. P. maintained that the
case of Caraccas was not in point, for the Gov-
ernment had no power. So in the case of Alex-
andria, the Government could only have consti-
tutionally granted relief in that case out of Us
local treasury, and not out of the public Treasury.
He contended that, if the principle in this bill
were once admitted, it must be carried out; and
the merchants of Cincinnati or Boston could come
before the House with the same claims, under
similar circumstances. The loss in New York,
in reality, fell chiefly upon the insurance offices;
and, if relief were extended at all, it should be to
them, and not to the merchants alone. He again
regretted that his sense of duty compelled him
to vote against the bill; but it would be setting a
precedent that would be dangerous in its conse-
quences, and whose practical operation would
have no end. Mr. P. referred to the practice of
the British Government, which never extended
relief in the way contemplated by this bill since
the great fii e of 1666.
Mr. MANN, of New York, replied to Mr.
Hardiv. He had hoped that this bill would have
been discussed without sectional feeling. The
people of New York did not come to ask for
chanty at the hands of that House. She asked
only for common, simple, plain justice, not for
chanty—for that common justice meted out to
every otherpart of the country. Mr. M. defended
the course that had always been pursued by the
State of New York, for her liberal policy and gen-
erous and enlightened punciples. Because, from
her geographical situation, she was the largest
commercial State in the Union, it did not follow
that she should not have justice done to her. The
bill under consideration proposed no bounty, as
in the case of Caraccas, but provided nothing
more than she had a right to ask, and what was
as much for the interest of the country generally
as for New York. Mr. M. defended the provis-
ions of the bill, and replied at length to Mr. Har-
div. Mr. M. said it was well known that the
larger share of the banking capital of the gentle-
man's own State came from New York.
Mr. UNDERWOOD felt awaim sentiment for
the people of New York, and he was prepared !
to give them relief. He was prepared to remit I
the duties on goods actually destroyed by fire, and |
that he believed to be the only relief that ought
to be granted. He did not look upon the impoit-
mg merchants as paying the duties. The con-
sumer paid; the importing merchant was the mere
agent of the Government. Duties were generally
an advantage to the latter, who invariably pay
more for the imported goods in piopoition to the
tax levied upon them. Believing the measure he
had indicated to bo the only relief that ought to
be afforded, he should vote against this bill m
every step, but the other he would cheerfully
sustain; or he would vote for this bill if it was
modified according to what he considered the only
proper mode of relief.
Mr. BEARDSLEY did not believe there was
any constitutional objection to this bill. Mr. B.
read the two clauses of the Constitution before
referred to, and argued that there was no inequal-
ity or local preference given to New Yoik by this
bill. Neither the remission of duties, nor an ex-
tension of time for their payment, applied to the
prohibition of that instrument. The Constitution
applied to the law imposing the duties that they
" shall be uniform," and that no preference was
given by this bill to the port of New Yoik over
any other.
Mr. SUTHERLAND referred to the case of a
law passed several yeais ago lelative to certain
importations into the port of Charleston, South
Carolina, by which a duty of ten cents tonnage
was imposed on all ships entering that port. Tins
case he adduced to show that for a long time past
Oongu&s had been in the habit of passing'laws
with regard to local regulations of duties and ton-
nage. By the law Mr. S. referred to, the city
council of Charleston were authorized to impose
a duty of ten cents a ton, for the temporary relief
of the sick there, &c.
Mr. PICKNEY was in favor of the bill, and
intended to v ote for it. He gave a history to the
law cited by Mr. Sutherl *nd, which he said was
passed to authorize the City Council of Charleston
to complete a Federal work they had from pat-
riotic and benevolent motives undertaken at their
own cost.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the committee rise
and ask leave to sit again; which was agreed to.
The committee then rose, and at a quarter to four
o'clock, p. m., the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 15, 1836.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John Cow-
per; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, reported a bill for
the relief of the Lexington and Ohio Railroad
Company; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. HARRISON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
granting pensions to certain persons therein
named; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, fiom the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, íepoited a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Captain John
Winston, deceased; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. MILLIGAN, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
S. Devlin; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of Patrick G*een, which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill authorizing the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to issue to
David J. Talbot, a patent for a quarter section of
land in the State of Missouri, which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Thaddeus Tuttle, which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill to pro-
vide for paying certain pensioners of the United
Statesat Pulaski, in the State of Tennessee; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. LAY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a 1 ill for the relief of James
Steel; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, fiom the Committee on
Claims; Messrs. HARRISON, of Pennsylvania,
and HOWELL, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions; Mr. HAYNES, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs; and Mr. OWENS, from the
Committee of Ways and Means—made unfavor-
able reports upon various petitions; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the following resolution; which
was agieed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affjirs be di-
rected to inquire whether any, or what, abuses or irregular-
ities have taken place, or now exist, in that branch of the
pjhuc s rvicc which relates to Indian affair-.; and that said
committee, if they tind it necessary to a full investigation,
have power to send lor persons and papers
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Resoloel, That the Clerk of the House cause to be pre-
pared lor the u,e of the IIous1^ a tabular statement, show-
ing the expenditure ot the contingent tund of the House of
Representatives Irom the vear 1820 to 1835inclusive, under
each material head of expenditure
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of allowing the presentation of
resolutions of inquiry; which was objected to.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Hawes
on the 7th instant:
Resolved, That a select committee of nine be appointed
to inquire what amendments, if anv, are expedient to be
made to the laws relating to the Military Academy at West
Point, in the State of New York, and also into the expedi-
ency of modifying the organization ot said institution ; and,
also, whether it would not compart with the public interest
to abolish the samo, wit'i power to report by bill or other-
wise
The question ponding was the amendment of
Mr. Wardwell, proposing to substitute the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for a select committee.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said he intimated
yesterday, when this resolution was under con-
sideration, that he desired to say a few words
upon it. In the first place he wished his col-
league to withdraw his amendment to refer the
subject to a standing committee, and to suffer it
to undergo the investigation of a select committee
