114
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBM.
January 8,
The clouds and darkness which have hung over
tftts question have vanished. It is now made '
clear as a sunbeam. The money will not be paid,
savs the organ of the French Government, unless
the Government of the United States shall address
its claim officially in writing to France, accompa-
nied by what appeared to him, and he believed
would appear to the whole American people with-
out distinction of party, to be a degrading apology.
The striking peculiarity oft he case—the one which
he would undertake to say distinguished it from
any other case which had arisen in modern times—
Li the intercourse between independent nations,
was, that the very terms of this apology were dic-
tated to the American Government by the French
Secretary for Foreign Affairs. One of these terms
was, that ithad never entered into the intention—
pensse, the thought—of this Government to call in
question the good faith of the Government of
France.
But th? French Government proceed still fur-
ther. Upon the refusal to make this apology,
which they ought to have known would never
be made—could never be made—they are not
content to leave the question where it then was.
They have given us notice, in advance, that they
will consider our refusal to make this degrading
apology an evidence that the misunderstanding
did not proceed on our part from mere error and
mistake.
In addition to all this, the last note of the Due
de Broglie to Mr. Barton declares that the Gov-
ernment of the United States knows that hence-
forward the execution of the treaty must depend
npon itself. They thus leave us to decide whether
we shall make the apology in the prescribed terms,
or abandon our claim to the fulfillment of the
treaty.
He would not allow himself to express the feel-
ings which were excited in his mind upon hearing
these letters of the Due de Broglie read. Most
sincerely, most ardently, did he hope that the
French Government, when this message reaches
them, if not before, might reconsider their de-
termination, and that all our difficulties might yet
pass away. But their language is now clear, spe-
cific, incapable of ambiguity or doubt. It would
then become our duty calmly, but firmly, to take
ttnch a stand as the interests and the honor of
the country may require.
Mr. B. had already said much more than he
intended when he rose. He would, however,
make another remark before he took his seat. He
felt a proper degree of confidence—he might add
a great degree of confidence—in the President of
the United States. He knew him to be honest
and firm, and faithful to his country; prompt to
resent its injuries and avenge its wrongs. He '
confessed he had anticipated a message of a |
stronger character. He had supposed that a gen-
eral non-intercourse with France wédld, at least, I
have been recommended. But the recommenda-
tion was confined to the mere refusal to admit
French ships or French productions to enter our
ports. It left France free to receive her supplies
of cotton from the United States, without which
the manufactures of that country could not exist.
This was wise, it was prudent; it left to France
to judge for herself, if this unnatural contest must
still continue, whether she would close her ports
against our vessels and our productions.
In the spring of 1832, (Mr. B. did not recollect
precisely the time,) Congress passed an act to
carry into effect our part of the treaty. Under
this treaty, the wines of France had ever since
been admitted into the United States upon the
favorable terms therein stipulated. Her silks
were imported free of duty, in contradistinction
to those which came from beyond the Cape of
Good Hope. She had for years been enjoying
these privileges. Nothing milder, then, could pos*
•ibly be recommended than to withdraw these
advantages from her, and to exclude her vessels
and her productions from our ports.
Mr. CALHOUN had been constrained to hear
this message with far different sentiments than
those expressed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Buchanan.] The gentleman declared
that he had never heard a message with greater
pleasure. For my part, (said Mr. C.,) I have
never heard one with more profound regret from
the same high quarter, except thp one leveled,
V not against a foreign Power, but against one of
" the sovereign members of this Confederacy. He
came there with a deep conviction that there
would be no war with our ancient ally—not ,
because he did not see many indications of an
approaching contest, but that the cause was too
frivolous for two nations living under constitu- '
tions, at this enlightened period, to be plunged
into war. He could not look at the small mag-
nitude of the claim involved, and the extreme
frivolousness of the controversy, without indulg-
ing the hope that the peace of the country would
be"preserved—that that greatest of all calamities,
a war with our ancient ally, with whom, on all
considerations, the most friendly relations ought
to be preserved, would be avoided. This message
had dispelled those hopes; and the speech of the
Senator from Pennsylvania had confirmed the
apprehensions it excited. He would not say that
war was intended; but he would say, that the
conduct of the Executive, as far as he was capable
of comprehending it, had been calculated to pro-
duce that result. He was bound to speak with
candor, representing, as he did, one of the sov-
eign States, and was compelled to say that his {
delusions were dispelled. He must say, that the '
only course has been pursued, by which the
peace of the country has been put in jeopardy.
If war comes, with all its attendant calamities,
truth impelled him, love of country impelled him,
and love of justice impelled him, to declare who
were the authors of it. No man could be more
sensible how painful it was, in a contest such as
this, to stand on the side he did. He well re-
membered that, twenty-four years ago, he raised
his voice for war, because he believed that it was
just, necessary, and unavoidable, without an
utter sacrifice of everything we held sacred. The
reasons that then impelled him to raise his voice
for war now impelled him to wish for peace—
justice, the honor of the nation, and the interests
of the country, were deeply involved.
He would go no further back than the treaty
with France, to show how little cause there was
to involve the country in a war.    From the very
beginning of the negotiations, after the present
King of France came to the throne, the French
Ministry took the ground that, although they
themselves were well disposed to pay the indem-
nity, there were some  apprehensions  that the
Legislative Chambers might not be willing to
make the necessary appropriation.    We all re-
member (said Mr. C.) that Louis Philippe had
just come into power.   He came in on popular
principles, and the very man who had most con- |
tributed to his elevation, General La Fayette, was '
our warmest friend.   Butfrom the very first open- J
ing of the negotiations, we were warned that the
Legislative Chambers might not make the appro-
priations.   This was not all.    In the last stage
of the negotiations, when Mr. Rives urged the
conclusion of the treaty, he was told that they
feared the result would be, instead of putting the
relations of the two countries on a more friendly
footing, that of involving them in still greater
difficulties; for they feared that the Chambers
would not make the appropriations to carry the
treaty into effect.   If he (Mr. C.) liad had the
slightest expectation that there would be a dis-
cussion on the message this morning, he would
have been prepared with the necessary documents
from which to quote the correspondence verbatim;
but, as it was, he pledged himself for the truth of
what he stated in substance.   Under such ear-
( cumstances, the French Minister begged Mr.
Rives to wait until the French Chambers were
consulted, before concluding the treaty; but to ¡
this request Mr. Rives was not willing to accede.
' Now, he put it to every man of honor, whether,
in accepting this treaty, at the time and under the ¡
circumstances wo did, we did not take it with the
condition, that the French Chambers would make !
the appropriation ?   He submitted it to the judg- i
mem of every man, whether this was not the ex- .
tent of the obligations of the French Ministry? '
Again: what Was the implied obligation on our
part?    It was, that  no impediment should  be i
thrown in the way of a treaty made under such
circumstances; but ho sooner was the treaty |
made, than our Minister makes a communication I
to this Government, in which he speaks in the I
most exulting terms of his success.   This was, I
ferliaps, natural; but what does our Executive?
le published this correspondence to the world,"
thereby creating the first and principal imped-
iment in the way of obtaining the appropriations
from the French Chambers. What next? Before
the French Chambers had appropriated the money
our Secretary of the Treasury drew a bill for the
first installment of the indemnity, knowing that
the Chambers had not passed the appropriation
bill, and knowing that the draft must, therefore,
necessarily be protested. Under these adverse
circumstances, the trenty was brought before the
Chambers, and, after a most powerful struggle,
the Ministers lost the appropriation bill by about
eight votes—a fact easily accounted for by the
publication of Mr. Rives's correspondence.
The Chambers not having made the appropria-
tion, who was responsible for the failure? Cer-
tainly not the French M inisters; for so determined
were they on this matter, and of such importance
was it considered, that the Ministry was dis-
solved, and the Due de Broglie retired from office.
The French Ministry having again and again
acknowledged that there was an immense aver-
sion in the Chambers to making the treaty, we
should have made great allowances for their sit-
uation; it was our duty to apologize; it was our
duty to sustain the French Ministry; but instead
of this, at the opening of the next Congress was
that unfortunate message, which has created the
present difficulty. It advi sed the strongest meas -
ure next to war, to compel the French to make
the payment. The French Chambers then made
the appropriation, with the condition annexed,
that this message should be explained by our
Government. He (Mr. C.) regretted that this
condition had been inserted in the appropriation
bill; and the French Minister could not be justi-
fied in accepting it but by the belief that, without
it, the appropriation could not be made. What,
then, had been the proceedings of onr Executive
under such circumstances ? He would not under-
take, on such voluminous documents as have just
been read, to make up an opinion at once. He
had not the advantage possessed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcchanan,] of being
acquainted with the contents of these documents
beforehand
[Here Mr. Buchanan said, he had had no
other means of being acquainted with the con-
tents of the documents than those possessed by
the gentleman from South Carolina—the hewing
them read from the Secretary's table.]
Mr. C. continued. He would suspend his opin-
ion for the present; but there were circumstances
connected with this message to which there could
be no difficulty in referring. He was dissatisfied
at not having the letter from the French Charge,
referred to by the President. Why had they not
been put in, possession of a copy of it? It was a
most important letter, and he regretted that they
had it not. There was another circumstance
necessary to advert to. The President indicated
in his message, at the opening of the present ses-
sion, that he had still hopes that the French would
pay the money. Why, then, was not the commu-
nication then before them withheld until he heard
how the French Government received his open-
ing message? Why was our Charge recalled
from France before this information could be had?
Would gentlemen answer? It was certainly a
matter of course that he should direct our ChargS
to remain until the annual message was received
in France. It was certainly a matter of course
that he should suspend this message, which was
certainly a warlike one, until we had heard how
the message was received in France. But if this
message reached France before the final determ-
ination was made there, he (Mr. C.) feared that
the worst would happen. Of all calamities, ha
feared a war with France, and on the points at
issue between the two countries, as one of the
greatest that could befall us. We go to war (said
he) for this $5,000,000, and how isit to terminate?
How, then .can this debt honorably be- discharged ?
The first cannon that is fired will bo a receipt in
full, though *e shall be compelled, in honor, to
continue the war till the debt is paid, or make a
dishonorable peace. Which nation can hold out
the longest in the contest, or \vhieh will suffer
the most? Our means of annoyance against
France were perhaps equal to those of Franc 
