1836.
THE CONGRE5**ONl4L GLOW
11T
he  motive*. This day is «specially appropriated
to the presentation of pennons from our constit-
uents. Seveial members have not had an op-
portunity to pi esent the petitions (hey had brought
from home with them. Every county and town
in the nation is irterested, and should at least be
permitted to have their petitions before the appro-
priate committees. Gentlemen know this class
of petitions have already provoked e\cited and
protracted discussions. 1 know they will continue
to do <*o whenever they come into discussion.
The object of my motion is to prevent such dis-
cussion to-day, m exclusion of ail other petitions.
I wish it distinctly understood that I am in favor
of the recept.on of every petition, whatever may
be the prayer, provided the language be deco*
rous, and free from immorality. I "will vote for
the reception of them to-morrow.
The motion to lay the preliminary question on
the table was agreed to.
OTHER PETITIONS.
Petitions were also presented by Messrs. GAJL-
BRAITH, MILLER, HARPER, SUTHER-
LAND, DARLINGTON, MORRIS, CHAM-
BERS, HUBLEY, ASH, BEAUMONT, PRY,
BANKS, KLINGEiNibMITH, INGERSOLL,
LAPORTE, MANN, and DENNY of Pennsyl-
vania.
[Messrs Daklinotox, Mobjus, Chambers,
and Denny, presented various petitions, praying
the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia; upon each of which Mr. H\mmo b
demanded the question of consideration; and, on
motion by Mr. GideonLee,the preliminary ques-
tion of reception on each petition was laid on the
table.]
(Mr. Maww, of Pennsylvania, presented the
petition of Frederick Rice, of Bedford county,
praying compensation for services rendered dur- I
ing-the revolutionary war; which, on his motion,
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary '
Claims.                                                                      !
Mr. M. aeked the unanimous consent of the ¡
House to submit a resolution of inquiry; which
«as objected to ]
Mr MILLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messrs. PIERCE, STEELE, WASHING-
TON, McKIM, TURNER, HOWARD, an*
THOMAS, of Maryland;
Messrs. MASON, JONES, WISE,MERCER,
DROxMGOOLE, MORGAN, CRAIG, COLES,
LUCAS, GARLAND, JOHNSON, ROBERT-
SON, and TALIAFERRO, of Virginia;
Messrs. W. B. SHEPARD and DEBERRY,
of North Carolina,
Messrs GRIFFIN, PINCKNEY, and MAN-
NING, of Sooth Carolina;
Messrs OWENS, TOWNS, and GRANT-
LAND, of Georgia;
Messrs. HARLAN,GRAVES,WILLIAMS,
and CHAMBERS, of Kentucky.
Messrs JOHNSON, STANDEFER, and the
SPEAKER, of Tennessee;
Messrs. STORER, KILGORE, WEBSTER,
KENNON, CHANEY, McLENE, MASON,
PATTERSON, and WHITTLESEY, of Ohio
[Mr Patteeso  presented the survey and esti-
mate for improving the harbor at Vermilion river,
on Lake Erie, m the State of Ohio.
Also, the petition for a beacon light on Cedar
Point, at the mouth of Sandusky bay.]
Mr WHITTLESEY presented an abolition
memorial
Mr HAMMOND moved that it he not re-
ceived.
Mr. G LEE moved to lay the motion on the
«able; which was agreed to.
[Mr Kenwox presented a petition for theenec-
tion of a bridge across the Ohio nver, at Wheel-
ing; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals; also, a petition for a route
from Cambridge to PlainfieH, and from New
Washington to Port Washington; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads ]
Messrs. JOHNSON, GARLAND, and RIP-
LEY, of Louisiana.
Messrs. CARR, HANNEGAN, McCARTY,
DAVIS, BOON, and KINNARD, of Indiana.
Mr CARR presented the following joint res-
olution of the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana; which was received, and upon his mo-
tion ordered to be printed.
A Joint Resolution on the subject of admission of Michigan
Territory into the Union.
Resohed, That our Semtors in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to oppose the admission
of the people of Michigan ob a State of the Union, unless
thev by their constitution shall acknowledge the northern
boundary ot Indiana
Rcsolied, That the said Senators be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, to unite their efforts with the
Senators aniV Representatives in Congress from Ohio, to
obtlm a permanent establishment of the northern bound-
ary of Ohio, on a parallel line with the northern boundary
of Indiana.
Be \t further ttsoivtd. That hu Excellency toe Govern-
or be requested to forward a copy of the foregoing reso-
lutions to each of ourSenataraand Representatives in Con-
gress
CALEB B SMITH,
Speaker House of Repraeutthms.
DAVID WALLACE,
President Senate.
Approved January 6, 1836                     N NOBLE
By order the Governor transmitted,
J L. KETCHAM.
On motion by Mr DAVIS, the foregoing reso-
lution was, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
[Mr Hasnegan presented petitions for a post
route from Newtown, by the way of Rob Roy,
Wilhamsport, and Parish Grove, in the State of
Indiana, to Iroquois, in Illinois; and for a post
route from Newtown to Rob Roy, Attica, Wil-
liamsport, Warren Post Office, and Parish 'sGrove,
in Indiana, to Iroquois, in Illinois, which were
refeired to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. Kinn\rd presented tho following petitions,
which, on his motion, were referred to appropri-
ate committees;
The petition of Thomas Fitsimmons, praying
for the bounty promised to revolutionary soldiers
during the war, which was referred to the Conv
mittee On Revolutionory Claims; also,
The petition of inhabitants of the State of In-
diana and of the Territory of Michigan, praying
that an appropriation be made to erect a harbor
at the mouth of St. Joseph's river, on Lake
Michigan; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce; and
The petition of William Morgan, praying fdr I
the bounty promised to private soldiers during
the revolutionary war.}
On motion by Mr. KINNARD, the petition
and claim of Lewis Wernedag & Co., for com- I
pensation for extra work on the Cumberland
road, Indiana, were referred to the Committee on
Claims
Messrs MAY, CASEY, and REYNOLDS, of
Illinois
[Mr. Casey introduced the petition of sundry
citizens of Vermilion county, in the State of Illi-
nois, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Danville to Springfield once in each and
every week, and that the mail be transported in
stages from the first day of May to the first day of
November in each and every year, on the route
from Indianapolis by way of Crawfordsville, and
Covington, Indiana, Danville, Urbana, and Deca-
tur, to Springfield, Ilhnois,#lso the: petition of
sundry citizens of Iroquois county, praying the
estabhshmentof a mail route from Crawfordsville,
Indiana, by Newton, Robroy, Williamsport,
Warren P. O.,or RawsvilleandPereshes Grove,
to Iroquois, in Ilhnois, also, the petition of sundry
citizens of Edgar county, Illinois, praying the
establishment of a post route from Dixon's Mills,
Part county, Indiana, to Bloomfield, Illinois, also,
the petition of sundry citizens of Mount Ver-
non, Jefferson county, in the State of Illinois,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Carmel, by Albion Lucky Mills, Fairfield, and
Mauldmg's Mills, to Mount Vernon, in Illinois;
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; also, a resolution of the Legislature of
Illinois, praying the passage of a law authorizing
the relinquishment of section sixteen in every
township, when these sections, upon being offered
for sale, will not sell for one dollar and thirty-five
cents per acre,and the selection of an equal quan-
tity of land in quarter sections, in lieu thereof;
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
also, papers in relation to the claims of sundry
citizens of Shelby county, for horses and other
property lost in,fllé servica. of tin United Btates,
referred to the Committee on Clainw,
Mr. Reynolds, of Illinois, moved that all peti-
tions and memorials on file in the Clerk's office in
the House of Repf eaentatn es be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Presented the case of Major Hall, of Washing-
ton county, Illinois, praying remuneration for a
horse and gun, lost in the battle of New Oi leans,
in 1815. The petition of the inhabitants of Mil-
waukie, Michigan Territory, praying that the
preemption laws be continued The petition of
the inhabitants of Milwaukie, praying a light-
house and harbor to be established on Lake
Michigan, at Milwaukie. The memoual of the
General Assembly of the State of Illinois, pray-
ing that a survey be made of the Kaskaskia nver,
in the State of Illinois. A memorial from the
Legislature of the State of Illinois, praying a re-
survey of certain public lands, so as the precise
fuanttty of certain tracts may be ascertained.
'he petition of the inhabitants of Milwaukie and
its vicinity, in Michigan Terntory, praying a
road to be made from Milwaukie to Rock river.
This petition states that Milwaukie is the near-
est point on the lakes to the mining district in the
said Territory, and as the transpoitatipn of lead
eastward is necessary and desirable 10 the citizens
and miners, it becomes nccessaiy that a road
should be made by the General Government.]
Messrs. MARTIN, LAWLER, CHAPMAN*,
and LYON, of Alabama;
Messrs. ASHLEY and HARRISON, of Mis-
souri.
[Mr. Harjuson presented the petitions of Jesse
Watkins add others, praying forremuneration for
Indian depredations committed during the war.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of the State
of Missouri, praying Congress to pass a law exr
tending the right of preemption to actual settlers.]
Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
[Mr. Jo^es, of Michigan Territory,presented
the following, to wit:
Petition of citizens of Burlington, Des Moines
county, Michigan Terntory, praying of Congress
the passage of a law for the perfection of their
titles to their lots in said town of Burlington, and
that commissioners be appointed to survey the
same; referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A memorial of the citizens of Michigan Terri-
tory, praying for the construction of a ship and
steamboat canal around the Falls of Niagara;
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Petition of citizens of Michigan Territory, pray-
ing for an appropriation of $10,000 for building ft
bridge across the St. Joseph river at Berrien, and
for the completion of the road from the city of
St. Joseph to Niles, referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Petition of George Cubbage,
praying the establishment by Congress of a board
of commissioners to investigate and pay the
claims of individuals for property lost in the
Indian war of 1832, in Michigan Territory; re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims. Petition of
the inhabitants of Michigan Territory, praying
of Congress an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at the mouth of St Joseph's
river; referred to the Committee on Commeice,]
Mr. SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida.
Which petitions and memorials (with the ex-
ceptions stated) were appropriately referred.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
On motion by Mr. GILLET,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency Of
so changing the rates of postage on letters as to adapt tha
same to the denominations of our national currency
On motion by Mr. CRAIG,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Peflsfoas
fnquu-e into the propriety of granting a pension t« Franela
Fergus, of the county of Montgomery, and State of Virginia,
lor hie services in the war of the Revolution
On motion by Mr. TTJRRILL,
Reiotvte, That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to inquire into the expediency ot causing a survey to be
taken ot the coast of Lake Ontano, mcludmg the nver St
Lawrence, to the forty f)flB degree of north latitud , and
alaO of Lake Erie, in which shall be designated the islands
and shoals, with the places of anchorage, and also the
courses and distances between the harbors, capes, or head-
lands, together with such other matters as may be deemed
proper for completing an accurate chart of evrry part «f
said coast
