US
1S1E .COmKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
January 1ft,
On motion by Mr. FRENCH,
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pendens
inquire into the propriety of granting to Valentine Pierrot,
ot Kentuck\, a pension.
On motion by Mr. RIPLEY,
Resulted, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
infracted to inquire into the eypedteacy ot deepening the
bar at the mouth ol the river Mississippi.
On motion by Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Missis-
sippi,
Resoluta That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be mstruett d to inquire into the expediency ol placing David
Burnei, ot Mississippi, a revolutionary soldier, on the pen-
sion h-i or of affording such other relief to him as the
justice of the case may seem to require
On motion by Mr CLAIBORNE, of Missis-
sippi,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Jndiciarv be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of changing the
time of holding the United States district courts tor the dis-
trict of Mtssi-sipiH, trom the hrst Monday in January and
July, to the first Monday in April and November.
On moüon by Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Missis-
sippi,
Kewirof, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
touquire into the expediency ot establishing a hospital nt
Natchez, for the use and accommodation ot «íck and dis-
abled persons navigating the Mississippi and its tributaries.
On motion by Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Missis-
sippi,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lamb be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making a dona
tion to the State of Mississippi of ten thousand acres of land
in that btate, for the purpose of establishing and endowing
a manual labor scimaary at some point in the interior of
the same, with the pmilcge of locating the said land by
quarter sections
On motion by Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Missis-
sippi,
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtary affairs be in
«ructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing an
arsenal at Vicksborg, in the State of Mississippi
On moüon by Mr. CLAIBORNE,
Jtesolced, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post routes
From V ícksbuig, by Benton, Lexington, Black Hawk,
Carrollton, Grenada, CoffeeviUe, Ho toe co fa, Nesho bo-
wa, Mitchell's Bluffs, Chulahoma,and Holly Springs, Mis
nssippi, by La Grange, to Bolivar, Tennessee, twice a
week
From La Grange, Tennessee, by Spring Hill, Matthews'
store, and Foster s store, to Pontatoc, in the Chickasaw
session
From Carollton, by Shongolo, Choctaw Court-house.
StarkvUle, and Mayhew, to Columbus.
From Mitchell's Bluff , bv Sardina, Pharsaha, Fanning's
store, TiUitolv, Tuscahona, Chocchuma, Point Veto, La
Flore, Braca or Pine Bluff , and Chuli, to Manchester
From Winchester, by Paulding's and Nechoba Court-
boose, to Louisville, Winston county
From Pduldings, by Smith's Court-hoase, Wcstville, and
Georgeton n, to Gallatin
From Livingston, by Puckett's store, mthe State of Ala
bama, through the Shugunachce Valley, in the State of
Mississippi, by Lauderdale and Scott Court-house, and
Brandon, to Jackson
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to fur-
nish this House with a statement of the amount received
on account of mineral lands leased by the United Stites
within the limits of the State of Missouri, during the whole
period for which the leasing of said lands was authorized
by law; and showing also the expenses accrued thereon for
collecting rents, making leases, &c
-4nd be it further resohed, That the Commissioner of the
General Land Office be required to furnish this House with
a statement, showing, of the mineral lands which were re
served from sale in the State of Missouri, What quantities
thereof were «old at the first public sale after the passage
of the act subjecting them to be sold as other public lands
are sold; and also the price for which they were sold
On motion by Mr. LYON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing, bylaw, a post route from Burnt Corn, in Ala-
bama, by way of Gadbold's old store, to Aliento wn, in Wil-
cox county.
Resohed,furtAer, That the same committee inquire into
the expediency of establishing by law a post route from
DemopoJm, by way of Belmont, to Livingston, in Sumter
county} and also, into the expediency of establishing a post
route from Linden, in Marengo county, by way of the Flat
Settlement, Moscow, and Pennyman's store, to Livingston,
m Sumter county , and also, into the expediency of estab
lishmg a post route from Livingston, in Sumter county, by
way of Horner's store, Hodge's store, near Jugauz ¿luff,
McCarty's Bluff, and Carrollton, to Washington Court-
house, in Alabama.
On motion by Mr. WHITE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
act for the relief of the inhabitants of East Florida, as to
extend to them the provision of the 9th .trticle of the treaty
of the 22d of February, 1819, and to provide for all losses
occasioned by the invasion and occupation of East Florida
bv the troops of the United States, under the instructions
ot the Pres.dent, in pursuance of a secret aetof Congress,
of 1811
On motion by Mr. MAURY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of extending
the benefit ot the commutation act to the heirs of William
Cunningham, a mijor in the Continental line of V irgiuia,
during the revolutionary war.
Mr. HARRISON submitted the following res-
olution, which was postponed until to-morrow:
Resolved, That the Committee on PvMic Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot authorizing the
sale of the saline lands as other public lands ot the United
States now are
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, submitted the
following resolution, which was postponed till
to-morrow:
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ol granting bounties
in land to the mounted militia men, organized militia men,
and rangt r-, w ho entered the service of the United States
under the several acts of Congress providing for the defense
of the frontier during the late war with Great Bnfun.
Mr. LAWLER submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
third district of the United States Federal *ourt, to be
held at the town of Tuscaloosa, to consist ot the counties
of Marion, Fayette, Walker, Pickens, Sumter, Marengo,
Green, Perry, Bibb, Autauga, Coosa, Talapoosa, Randolph,
Chambers, Benton, Talladega, Shelby, Jefferson, and Tus-
caloosa
Mr HUNTSMAN offered the following amend-
ment; which was agreed to :
And that the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a district
Federal court, in the western district of Tennessee, at
the town of Jackson, to be composed of all the counties,
established and to be established between the nvers Ten
nessee and Mississippi, and also the counties of Perry and
Hardin, of said State; said court to be holden by the dis-
trict Federal judge now assigned for the State of Ten-
nessee
The resolution as amended was then agieed to.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday January 19,1836.
Mr PRESTON presented the petition of John
Kirkpatnck, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of the heirs of David Hop-
kins; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MeKEAN presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
setting forth that the property consumed by the
late fire in New York is a national calamity, and
must be severely felt in every State and Territory
in the Union, and suggesting as a remedy the
creation by Congress of two hundred millions of
five per cent, stock to be drvided between the
States and Territories and District of Columbia,
and that the receipts from the sales of the public
lands be pledged for the gradual redemption of the
same, which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TYLER, frem the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill making an
appropriation of $8,000, in addition to the unex-
pended balance of the appropriation of the last
year, for the support of the penitentiary in the
District of Columbia; which was read and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. TYLER, from the same committee, to
whieh had been referred the bill from the House
to incorporate a fire insurance company in the
town of Alexandria, reported the same with sev-
eral amendments; which were read.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, made an unfavorable repoit on the peti-
tion of John Bosworth.
THE POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, gave notice that he
would, to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution appropriating the balance of the appro-
priation for constructing a bridge across the Poto-
mac, to the making of a road or street leading
from the Capitol to the said bridge.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the question on the petition from Sundry citizens
of Ohio to abolish slavery m the District of Co-
lumbia, the question being, "Shall the petition
be received'"
Mr. LEIGH felt it to be his duty to discuss
the question upon the motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina, and it was with painful
reluctance he entered upon the performance of
that duty. As to himself, he did not feel dis-
posed to create any excitement on this subject,
and he certainly had no party feelings So far
from bem? disposed to increase the excitement,
he was anxious to stllay it.
There had been three memorials presented to
the Senate—two fiom Ohio, which the gentleman
from South Carolina had moved should not be
received, and one from Pennsylvania, which the
gentleman tiom Pennsylvania, who had present*
ed it, [Mr. Buchanan,] had moved to reject.
They were all of the same tenor—nil praying for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia—but widely different in their style. The
memorial from Pennsylvania said that holding
slaves was unchristian and inhuman. The same
class of Christians would deprecate a war a*
unchristian and inhuman They had been
using this language in their neighborhoods, ift
their counties, and had sent it into other State 
from the States in which they reside. Yet from
their known peaceable character they never gave
cause of provocation. There was nothing in
this petition to give it a different treatment front
ethers.
One of these memorials presented by the gen*
tleman from Ohio, was signed by men, and the
other by women. As to the one signed by fe-
males, lie considered it the most onensne. It
was likely that whoever had framed it expected
to find indulgence for these ladies; but (said Mr.
L.) they have unsexed themselves. These peo-
ple (said Mr. L.) complain of being oppressed
with a load of sin and grief which we have incur-
red, and have applied to Congress to relieve theia
from thus load of sin and this grievance. The
gentleman from Ohio- [Mr, Morris] had said
he hoped some of these people were actuated by
honest intentions; and a distinction is taken that,
whatever their conduct may be, if they are actu-
ated by honest motives, they are entitled to seme
degree of respect. If he could believe they were
actuated by fanaticism, alorle, he might think so.
But of all the passions of tho human heart, none
was so dangerous as hypocrisy. The petition
from Pennsylvania he understood was not now
the order of the day, and therefore not now un-
der consideration Shall we, then, (said Mr. L.)
receive the petitions presented by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mi. Morris'] The rejection <5f
these petitions he did not consider as decisive of
the question involved. Some gentlemen might
vote to reject them on account of the language
contained in them; some from motives of policy
might think it best not to entertain them; and
some might think it both unwise and impolitic
What was the difference' To admit them ac-
knowledges  right to be heaxd~to reject them,
that there was something in them that from the
offensive nature of it they ought not to be heard.
If they were received, then (said Mr. L.) our
tables will be loaded with them. If they were
rejected, possibly this might for the present pre-
vent their petitioning. It had been supposed by
the gentleman fiom Ohio that the Constitution
guarantied a right to these petitioners to be heard
under the clause which says, the people shall
meet together peaceably for the redress of griev-
ances, «fee. But this was not their own griev-
ance for which they had asked relief. Under
pretext of this sacred right, they were mtermed-
ltng with the constitutional right of property, at
the imminent danger of a separation of the Union.
Their conduct was injurious, offensive, and cal-
culated to produce agitation in our social relations
and to jeopard the Union. He hardly felt the
disrespect to him by those petitions thatwese
rejected as soon as they were presented. He
could not possibly foresee that this duty or right
to petition imposed upon Congress the duty ©f
receiving them. - They must judge of the right
to receive or reject from the contents of the peti-
tions themselves.
Mr. L. knew enough of the feelings cf the slave-
