1686.
'Ptim CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Iff
holding States to satisfy him that it mt neces-
sary that they should come to & direct vote, and
that the power of Congress should be distinctly
defined. He hoped that some time during the
session, this Congress would, by some mode,
settle this point. What is the constitutional ques-
tion ? (said Mr. L.) No one doubted that the own-
ers of slaves in the District of Columbia could
emancipate their slaves. The question is, (said
he,) can slavery be abolished without the consent
of the owners of the slaves ? [Mr. L. here read
that part of the Constitution ol the United States
which relates to the location of the seat of Gov-
ernment, and the jurisdiction of Congress over
the place of its location.] By this provision
(said he) Congress was to have exclusive juris-
diction, not only in the ten-mile square, but also
in all places ceded to the United States for the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, and dock-
yards. If taken in absolute terms, then, Con-
gress had a right not only to abolish slavery in
all places ceded to the United-States, but it had a
right to enlist in its service regiments of free ne-
groes—a power of most fearful import. The
Constitution vests in Congress (said he) all the
power over this District which the States have over
their territories. Congress had that extent of
power, and no more. You make (said Mr. L.)
Congress the local Legislature over slavery, (lie
meant in property,) as Virginia and other slave-
holding States have over their States. Congress
was bound by a compact, the same as any two
States of this Union would be. He would illus-
trate. A compact is entered into between Vir-
ginia and Maryland over the use of the Potomac;
■either of those States could use the river so as
to exclude the other from the tise of it.   Mr. L.
ronght to the view of the Senate other cases to
illustrate his position. I conclude (said he) that
Congress has no right, upon a compact with
Virginia, to violate it in regard to this District
of Columbia. He then read the act of cession
by the Virginia Legislature. He presumed it was
not contended that Congress could pass an agra-
Tian law, or abolish the right to the land in Vir-
ginia. By the solemn provision of this law, (said
Mr. L.,) Congress is interdicted from abolishing
any right of individuals. He had heard with
surprise that recently doubts were entertained
by some, when he well knew of the guards put
Upon this law. He had no idea that, when this
proviso was incorporated in the act of cession,
any citizen of Virginia ever thought of their rights
not being well secured. The caution and wisdom
that had always marked the course of the Vir-
ginia Legislature was a sufficient guarantee for
the security of their rights. He had looked into
the act of cession of Maryland, to see if it was
equally cautious, but did not find it so. He
would, however, be able to show that it was not
necessary. Congress had delegated to it the
same extent of powers Virginia or Maryland
possessed themselves, and Congress could not
exercise rights that either of those States could
could not exercise themselves.
Within my recollection, (said Mr. L.,) men
Were more wise then than these disturbers of our
peace, the Abolitionists. The emancipation of
slaves had been encouraged and facilitated by
their laws, (Virginia.) Their courts had sanc-
tioned it. Mr. Jefferson had early proposed a i
plan of gradual abolition, and a pamphlet had
been published in which a detailed scheme was
laid down. In these movements the question of
the right to abolish it had never been discussed.
Until very recently, it had never been admitted
by one single man that the State possessed the i
power to abolish slavery. He did not know !
how Maryland regarded it. In Maryland the
constitution regarded slaves as lawful property.
Was it to be that these constitutions, protecting
property in its broadest sense, were to be disre-
garded by Congress? There was one way in
which slavery could be abolished. The States
of Maryland and Virginia had power to abolish
slavery, not by laws, but by an alteration of their
constitutions—by the sovere%nty of the power
that framed them. The two States of Maryland
and Virginia stood precisely on the same footing.
Mr. L. aid not know the opinions of the lawyers
of Maryland. Congress having derived its whole
authority from the acts of cession by these two
I States, it could not exercise any more power
1 than they themselves had. If it could, then there
was no limit to its powers. It may then (said
Mr. L.) not only abolish slavery, but all property
in the District—they might form the inhabitants
into regiments, and establish an hereditary aris-
tocracy. He here went into historical illustrations
at some length. The power demanded (said he)
is the abolition of slavery in this District. The
effect would be to embody in the heart of this
District all the free negroes in this District which
our laws can make. It would be to make this
District a receptacle of all the free negroes in this
Union—to put them then in a situation by which
they could circulate every species of incendiary
publications which human ingenuity could invent,
and to supply the means of insurrection. On the
Maryland line you find, not (said Mr. L.) the
free negroes—the white of the Anglo-Saxon race
were there. He spoke of the tendency to insur-
rection in the two adjoining States. The Pres-
ident had a right to call out the militia to suppress
insurrection. Then, has Congress (said he) a
right to adopt means to produce insurrection?
The object is to compel the emancipation of sla-
I very in our States by provoking insurrection, and
by making our property valueless. To compel
emancipation in Virginia and Maryland, and all
knew what would follow. It was as clear as
any principle in ethics or in politics, that that
which they had no right to do directly they had
no right to do indirectly. He would have to be
brief, because gentlemen who had preceded him
had been very full in their expositions.
The sweeping clause vesting the power m Con-
gress to provide for the general welfare was re-
sorted to as applicable to the power of Congress
in this question, and also the clause authorizing
the raising of taxes. The question was, whether
Congress could raise taxes for any other purpose
than is defined in the Constitution? He was not
a strict constructionist, and he was certainly not a
latitudinarian. He was fora fair construction of
the Constitution. In all matters relating to foreign
nations you give (said he) a liberal construction,
because it was evidently so intended by the framers
of it; but as to that which related to our citizens,
a strict construction was necessary. Was there
a man who could seriously believe that Congress
could appropriate the money of the Government .
to the purchase of their slaves?—that it can em-
| ploy the revenue to that purpose? Sometimes, by
1 a very bold construction an inference was given;
but when argument was used, construction was
resorted to, onry for an extension, and never for
a limitation of power. All powers were trusts,
and it was right to look at the extent of the trust I
| «nil limit the  power.   The power or right of '
petitioning gave to those females who eould not
I abide the pestilential atmosphere of slavery, an
opportunity to come here and hear the debate . I
He would advert to one other thing, because, when
this subject was before the Legislature, he had
occasion to mention it. Since that debate he had 11
read a book entitled " Slavery,"by aMr. E. Chan- ',
ning, at Boston. He had never read any paper
that filled his mind with a deeper sorrow. Before '
he came here he had believed there was a dispo-
sition pretty strongly manifested in the northern >
States to suppress these mischievous associations, '
to disturb our peace and happiness. He was the
last man to find fault with the conduct of other
States. It was the habit of his mind, and those
who knew him well would bear him out that it
was the habit of his conversation. It was his
desire that they would do their duty with modera-
tion, but with firmness. This book (said Mr. L.)
has impaired in my breast the strong hope found-
ed on the belief deduced from conversations with
intelligentgentlemenfrom non-slaveholding States
that that intelligence and good sense would be
exercised to suppress this cause of mischief and
agitation throughout the Union, and (it was in
vain to disguise it) which was weakening the
bond of this Union. This book was written, as
was manifest in every line and page, with the
design to counteract the efforts of the wise, the
good, and the prudent. It was distinctly avowed
in the book itself.    Here Mr. L. read several
Í>assages from the book, and commented at some
ength on each of them. In the course «f his
comments he remarked that the auüiorentertamed
no sympathy for the whites-4-for his own race.
He would say of the whole book, sapitntia ceta
sapientia Dei.
There was one expression which Mr. L. thought
peculiarly offensive, and upon which he com-
mented with some emphasis—which was that,
" in a slave country they breathed in a pestilence
more deadly than the plague." There are men
(said he) in the slaveholding States as vicious as
in other countries, and it may have occurred that
a few of the crimes enumerated in the book ha*e
been committed; but the description was no 
applicable to the general moral condition of the
slaveholding States. He cited cases in the eity
of New York, where the parent had exposed ths
life of his child, and was there any man who, in
his sound sense, would apply this circumstance
as evidence of the moral condition of the whole
State of New York ? He had remarked that the
number and atrocity of crimes in the non-slave-
holding States far exceeded the number and atro-
city of those in the slaveholding States. Ha
attributed this to a natural consequence of a more
dense population. He hoped, and confidently
believed, that among the operatives in the man-
ufacturing establishments of the northern/ States
the moral eondition of those employed was no
worse than the slaves of the South. His heart
would sot let him say, the declaimer of this
Christian monitor, (the author of the book,) who
Ereached good will to all men, was insincere in
is design. If he did not understand the effect
of his writings, he was not a competent person
to write upon the subject. If he did understand
their effect, then his design was obvious. For
the great respect he had for the reverend clergy 
he would not believe his design was to incite in-
surrection; but he has done more to weaken
the confidence in the brotherly love of our north-
ern brethren than the whole exertions of that
despicable Tappan and company put together.
They think our minds are prejudiced by our
interests. They do not, and they cannot know
that, at the distance they are from us. Let them
first inquire into the evils of emancipation or into
the evils of insurrection, before they decide that
point. Insurrections excited no alarm when tb*
knowledge of them was developed. They were
like a clap of thunder: the moment you; hear of
it all fear is over. The sword would soon settle
it. Did they suppose that that race of Anglo-
Saxons living on this side of Mason and Dixon's
line, had other feelings than they had ? Mr. L.
spoke of Ireland as being held m slavery by the
British; and (said he) the difference between the
East India negroes, in the employ of tha British),
and our slaves, is, that they are not bound to pro-
vide for their laborers when they get old, and we
are. The labor and treatment were the same in
other respects. Mr. L. alluded to the massacre
of the aborigines, and adverted to the fact of there
being but one marriage between them and the
whites, and (said he) that was an iaustrious one.
It was wonderful to how small a compass that
amalgamation had been confined. Was there a
more healthy race than the black population of
the South ? Did it not increase with more rapidity
than the whites, aided by constant immigration
from Europe ?                                       _               .,
Mr. L. had done everything in his power to
cultivate and preserve, not only the political, but
the really affectionate relations between the people
of the several States of the Union. He inculcated
the disposition in his children to do it. But (said
he) I will teach neither son nor daughter to be-
lieve they are living in an atmosphere more pes-
tilential than the plague.
Mr. CALHOUN called for the reading of the
petition, and it was accordingly read.
Mr. CALHOUN then observed, thathe did not
rise to say one word on the subject of these peti-
tions, which he considered had been sufficiently
elucidated by the very able argument just heard of
his friend from Virginia. He did not kaow when he
had heard an argument more forcible, more full,
more modest,and more comprehensible. He rose
to make some remarks on the particular petition
then before the Senate, which bad been selected
from the others to induce a part of the southern
delegation to consent to receiving it. It was cer-
tainly (he admitted) less objectionable in its lan-
guage than the petition coming from the ladiespf
