no
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE*
January 19 
the snnre Stale. This memorial, however, con-
tained language hishlv reprehensible. It spoke
of •• deahi-s hi Imuaii tlesh." Will our friend 
of the South (said Mr. O.) aeree that they keep
shambles, and deal in human flesh? And this
petition iras selected from the others, and pushed
forward m order to obtain the votes of gentlemen
from the South. There was ¡«other phrase in
the netitioa to whirh fie objected. It speaks of
its (said Mr. C.) as pirates. Strang language!
Piracy and butchery! We must not (said Mr.
 \) permit those we" represent to be thus insulted
on that door. He stood propared, whenever peti-
tions like this were presented, to call for their
reading, and to demand that they be not received.
His object was to prevent a dangerous agitation,
which threatened to burst asunder the bond of
this I'moii. The onlv question was, how was
agitation to be avoided ? He held that receiving
these petitions encouraged agitation—the most.
effectual mode to destroy the peace and harmony
of the Union.
Mr. WRIGHT said he considered it to be his
duty to trouble the Senate with a very few te-
marks before the pending question was put. He
did so with extreme reluctance, arising from the
deepest conviction that this whole subject had
better not have been debated at all: that these peti-
tions had better have been suffered to take their
umial course—tbe course they had taken every
year when he had been a member of either House
of Congress—the course of other petitions—of
of being permitted to be read at the Clerk s table,
and referred to the appropriate committee. His
reluctance was greatly, and perhaps he might say
principally, increased by the consciousness that
the whole subject was surrounded with difficul-
ties; that it ml excitable in every aspect; that
the different sections of the Union were liable to
different affections from the expression of the same
sentiment; and that some unmeasured phrase, or
some imprudent remark, might fall from him,
irtiksh, unintentionally on his port,migh t increase,
rather than allay, excitement in the ewe portion
or the Other of the countrv.
Yet Mr. W. felt that he should not discharge the
duty incumbent upon him, or properly represent
his constituents, if he permitted tins question to
be decided without saying anything. Had Jie
been able, otherwise, to con tent" himself to give a
silent vote, he could not do so now sinre the
extracts read by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. Leigh] from the late publication of
*&ie Rev. Dr. Channing, a book he had never
seen, and of the contents of which he was wholly
ignorant, any further than the very limited «no-
tations of that honorable Senator had made iiim
acquainted with them. He was prepared, how-
ever, from those extracts alone, to say, that how-
ever distinguished, however pore, however pious,
and however well-intentioned the author of that
work might be, in issuing to the public such a
book he had shown himself as ignorant of the
opinions and feelings of the great mass of the
citizens of the non-slaveholding States as he had,
in the quotations made, of the merits and virtues
of the people of the South. He (Mr. W.) was
ready to pronounee, in his place, that the publi-
cation, in the spirit in which it seemed tobe writ-
ten, as grossly abused the northern feeling as its
language did the southern morals.
When such representations of the sentiment of
trie North come from such sources, it was incum-
bent upon him to convince the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the Senate and the public, that a belief in
them as the sentiments of the non-slaveholding
States would be doing violent injustice to those
States, and to the patriotism and opinions of their
citizens,
Mr. W. said he was not to discuss the subject
of slavery in the abstract. He knew it—and the
people of the North, as a body, knew it—only as
it existed under the Constitution of the United
States, and was sanctioned by it. They thought
of it in that light, and in that light only, so far as
its existence in these States is concerned, and to
ftrr sis the quiet of the eomfítf and the preserva-
tion of the Union are involved in any agitation
of the subject. In that se se, i  was not a ques-
tion for discussion in that body.
Ifeiiher (said Mr. W.) was he to debate the
fjbestion of slavery in the sovereign States of this
f Union. The sacred and inviolable compact which '
constitutes us one people, had not given to Con-
gress the jurisdiction over that question. It was
left solely and exclusively to those States, and,
in his humble judgment, it ought never U  be
debuted here in any manner whatever.
Mr. W. said \w would go further, and say that
he did not purpose to trouble the Senate with a
discussion upon the propriety of any action on
the part of Congress in reference to the abolition.
of slavery in the District of Columbia, or in
regard to the constitutional power of Congress
over that subject. He had listened with pleasure
and protit to the able argument of the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Leigh] upon the
powers of Congress, and had marked his conces-
sion  of power equal to that possessed by the
Legislatures of the respective Slates of Maryland
and Virginia over the same subject within those
States. He had not studied the question himself,
because he was able to mark out his own course,
with perfect satisfaction to his own mi ml, without
examining either the constitutional powers of
Congress or the powers of those State Legisla-
tures. He was ready to declare his opinion to
be, that Congress ought not to act in this matter,
but upon the impulse of the two States surround-
ing the District, and then in a manner precisely
graduated bv the action of those Suites upon the
same subject. Had the Constitution, in terms,
given to Congress all power in the matter, this
would, with his present views anil feelings, be
his opinion of the expedient rule of action; and,
cntertainiug this opinion, an examination into the
power to act had been unnecessary to determine
ins vote upon the prayer of these petitions, lie
was ready promptly to reject their prayer, and he
deeply regretted that he was not permitted so to
vote without debate.
The refusal to receive the petitions (Mr. W.
said) was, to his mind, a very different question.
That was the question now presented. If the
refusal should be sanctioned by the Senate upon
the broad ground of the subject prayed for, and
not upon the distinct objection of indecorous
language or matter in the petition itself, it would
be considered and felt, in many sections of the
country, as a denial of the constitutional right to
petition, and, as such, would be infinitely more
calculated to produce and increase, than to allay,
excitement. The prompt rejection of the praijer
of these petitions would express the sense of the
Senate, in the most marked and decisive manner,
against the objects of the petitioners. The re-
fusal to receive the petitions would raise a new
issue infinitely more favorable, as he deeply
feared, to the schemes of these raad incendiaries
than all which had gone before this proposed step.
He entreated (he said) his brethren of the South
to reflect before they gave this immense advant-
age to the agitators. He was aware that the
southern feeling must be sensitive, perhaps be-
yond his ability to estimate, upon this subject
of domestic slavery. The constitutional rights,
the personal and private interests, the domestic
peace and domestic security of the people of the
alaveholding States, compelled them to feel deeply
and keenly upon every agitation of this delicate
question. He could not be insensible to the
existence of these feelings, or to their justice.
Yet, might he not appeal to members of this
body from those States, and ask them to remem-
ber that excitement, growing out of the same
subject, was also prevailing in the non-slave-
holding States?—that the public mind in those
States had become aroused to the subject ?—that
a limited number of individuals, from what mo-
tives he would not attempt to say, were making
it their calling and business to increase that
excitement, and to make it universal? And might ¡
be not claim that the action of the Senate should
be such as would be most likely to calm the
excitement in all the States and in every section !
of the Union ?                                                             I
What, then, (Mr. W. asked,) was the action !
moat likely to produce this result—a result, he |j
mustbelieve, most highly desiredby every member ¡
of the Senate? To answer this inquiry he roust
detain the Senate with a short examination of the ¡
true state of public opinion in the non-slavehold- ¡j
' ing States, in relation to the numnaeats of the h
Abolitionists, as  manifestett  ana published  to ||
the world since ths last adjournment of Con.
gress. He should confine his statements upon
tins point, to the Suite which he had the honor,
in part, to represent here, because his informa-
tion in reference to that portion of the North,
was more minute mid authentic, and bee.au.se ho
was satisfied that the general feeling of the citi-
zens of his State, ujkhi this point, was equally
the general filing of all the nou-isluveliukling
States.
Mr. W. would then say that ho did not know
of a single meeting of citizens in his State, con-
vened for the purpose of considering the civil
and political condition of the country, during
the whole summer and autumn now lutu past,
of whatever political party the meeting might
be, one siugle iustauce to which he fdiould hare
occasion hereafter to refer being alono excepted,
which had not made the most distinct and fiun
expressions against tho efforts of these agitators.
In addition to this evidence of the almost entire
feeling of tho citizens of the State, obtained 1'ionj
these ordinary assurablogss of citizens, he need
only remind the Senate, to bring the fact to the
distinct rucollection of every member of the body,
that immense public meetings, composed of me 
of all grades, of talent and influence, of «11 par-
tics in politics, and of all soots in religion, had
been held in almost every populous town iu New
York, for the express purpose of giving to the
country, and especially to their brethren of the
South, the public sentiment and public reproba-
tion of the efforts of the few fanatics whose ex-
ertions to agitate the question of slavery were
considered as infringing vipon the constitutional
rights of tli© slaveholding States, as calculated to
disturb the peace of those States,and, what wo*
considered of infinitely more importance, to en-
danger the harmony and perpetuity of the Union.
The expressions of these meetings (Mr. W. said)
had neither been weak uor equivocal. Xh*y had
breathed a spirit of patriotism, of generous feelr
ing towards their brethren of the South, and of
attachment to the Union, which he was sure his
southern friends wo ld appreciate and recipro-
cate.
It became now his duty, and he performed it
with no small degree of inortificatkui, to speak
of the, exception to which he had referred. All
within the hearing of his voice would recollect
that, during the summer oc fall, notice was givun
to the public of a State convention of Abo|itioi>-
ists, to be held at the- city of Utica, in tlw Skate
x>f New York, in the month of October last, ao-
«ording to.hi  present recollection of the time.
The notice appeared formidable, from the array
of names appended to it, they being several hun-
dred in number, and exhibiting among them a
large proportion of the names of preachers of the
gospel of peace. It gave him unfeigned pleasure
to say, that time proved that many of these names,
and those of individuals by no means the least
respectable in character and standing and influ-
ence, had been appended to the notice without
the consent or authority of the persons, whose
names they were, and, in many instances, inopen
and direct opposition to the wishes and feelings
of the individuals.
Still the notice had the effect of causing dele-
gates to be appointed to attend the proposed con-
vention, from too many places in the State, ami
the design of holding the convention was perse-
vered in. A short time before the day fixed for
assembling this body of agitators, application on
their behalf was made to the municipal author-
ities of the city of Utica, for leave to use a public
building within the city, erected at the expense of
the citizens of the town, as the place fofthe meet-
ing of the convention. Through an excess of
complaisance, or a mistaken feeling of indulgence 
the required permission was given by the Com-
mon Council of the city. No sooner was this fact
made known to the citizens, than a public meet-
ing was eallcd, and resolutions of the most dis-
tinct and decisive character passed, declaring tl t
the public building in question, erected at their
expense, and for their «so, should n«t be prosti-
tuted to so raiaehiijvojus * purpose; and that the
proposed convention siwmW not occupy it. This
meeting was f. voluntary fcssenjblag  af the inhab-
itants of the town, and of course, unauthoritative;
but to make themselves sure ot their object, and
