m
THE eONGRESSíaN&L CFLOBEl
January* 19l,
tortional neht of the people peaceably*  i mbto I
and petition for a redress of grievances' It tne
gentleman had made up his mind to reject the peti-
tion, he could have no insuperable objection to
refuse to recene it. He repeated, that so long as
these petitions could be received m the Senate, so
Ion" would agitation on the subject continue.
The question" must be met on constitutional
grounds, or not at all
Mr GOLDSBOROUGH said, it seemed to be
the wish, on nil sides, to dispose of this subject.
And the question was, \  hat proposition was most
likely to eftect that object > If they received these
petitions, they would be flooded with others of
the same kind. If they rejected them, it might be
imputtd to something offensive in their language,
and others would come in differently framed.
When these petitioners see (said Mr.G.) that we
act upon a proposition over which you cannot
leap, they  ill say, here is erected an insuperable-
barrier to our applications, and our further efforts
will be vain, and would end it It is the desire
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
hoin] to meet this proposition (said Mr. G.) on
his monon not to receive these petitions He was
willing to vote so as to meet this single proposi-
tion, but not if it was to be considered as decisive
of the action of the Senate upon the whole sub-
ject He had another proposition which he
intended to bring forward for that purpose.
Mr. CALHOUN would only remark, that these
petitions might be rejected on various grounds.
First, on the unconstitutionality of their object;
second, for containing improper and disrespectful
language; third, for the impropriety and unrea-
sonableness of their prayers, and for the inex-
pediency of granting their requests.
Mr. MORRIS observed that, in presenting
these petitions, it «as his sincere desire to avoid
anything like agitation or excitement in that body.
Although he had liad these petitions in his pos-
session tor some days, he refrained from pre-
senting them until he had an opportunity of ob-
serving what wa,s done with others of a like tenor.
The question now assumed a grave aspect. The
constitutional rights of the people peaceably to
assemble and petition for a redress of grievances
were involved On the subject of these petitions
it was not his desire at present to say one word;
his wish was, that the great question, as to the
right of the people of this Union to petition Con-
gress, might come up unembarrassed by the ob-
jections as to the language in which the petition
was drawn. It seemed that these objections did
not apply to the petition presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan;] and he
wished the question to be taken on that petition.
He concurred with the Senatorfrom South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that there was no difference,
m Bubstance, between the last-named petition and
those he (Mr. M.) had presented; that those who
voted against receiving the one ought to vote
against receiving the other. His wish was to
disembarrass this question of the right of petition
of the difficultips as to the language of the peti-
tions, and he would therefore ask leave of the
Senate to withdraw the one he had presented.
Mr. CALHOUN said the petition could not be
withdrawn, if the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The Secretary (who was referred to) replied
that the yeas and nays had been called for, but
had not been ordered by the Senate.
The CHAIR said that the Senator from Ohio
could undoubtedly withdraw a petition presented
by himself, before any question had been taken
on receiving it. The yeas and nays, he under-
stood the Secretary to ¡>ay,had not been ordered.
Mr. MORRIS then withdrew the petition.
CAL" ' QUARTERLY MEETING PETITION.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
took up the po tuition presented by that gentleman
from the Cain Quarterly Meeting of Friends of
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to abolish slavery within the District of
Columbia, together with the motion by Mr. B.
that the petition be rejected. The question pend-
ing was the one raised by Mr. Calhoun—"Shall
the petition be received'"
Mr CALHOUN called for tne reading of the
petition, and it was read accordingly.
On motion by Mr. MORRIS, the yeas and
nays were ordeied.
Mr. CALHOUN said that the language even
of this petition was very strange. It neraup the
buying and selling of slaves in the southern
States to be as flagrant a wrong as the slave trade
itself on the coast of Africa; declaring, "that it
was as inconsistent in principle, as inhuman in
practice, as the foreign slave tiade." The foreign
slave trade (Mr C said) consisted in seizing on
the Africans by violence, and selling them into
slavery. Now, he was not willing to admit the
parallel between slavery in the southern States
and this foreign slave trade. We ourselves (said
he) have denounced this African slave trade, and
made it piracy; though he did not himself believe
that the offense could lie properly designated as
piracy, and ever should regret that this term had
been applied to it in our laws With regard to
the petition, if he had no other ob|oction to it
than that of its using this language, ho would
not on that account receive it.
Mr KING, of Alabama, said the question was
now upon the reception or rejection of the petition
presented by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
from the Society of Friends. Ever since he had
known of this society, he had considered them an
orderly and peaceable people, and their petition
was couched in respectful terms. He wished, eis
an individual and as a representative, to give all
the individuals of the Union, of every class, a
full enjoyment of the rights secured to them by
the Constitution. If we, (said Mr. K ,) from the
whim or excitement of the moment, refuse to
receive these memorials, might we not abridge
the right of petitioning ' When the language was
decent and respectful, it was the duty of every
Senator to show it every mark of respect due to
its character. And, then, when it was received,
if it was found to ask for an intermedling with
the constitutional rights of any of the States, to
stamp it with the disapprobation it deserved.
The book of Mr. Chanmng to the contrary
notwithstanding, he believed that the mneteen-
twentieths of the people of the non-elaveholdmg
States were as decidedly opposed to the agitation
of this subject as those who were more immedi-
ately interested in the subject. If he doubted it,
he would have very different feelings from what
he now entertained. He would then take a very
different course in common with the people of the
South to sustain their rights, and the matter would
not be settled on this floor. He was happy, how-
ever, to say that he believed that day was far off
He believed those miserable fanatics would yet
become enlightened, and the spell of then delusion
would yet be dispelled, ft might be philanthropy
that actuated them, but if it was, it was philan-
thropy run mad. Anxious as he wag that no
excitement should grow* out of this matter, his
design was to give every individual his rights;
h> would vote for the reception of this petition.
The magnanimous and patriotic stand taken by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buch-
anan,] on this question, was worthy of himself
and of the great State he represented, and was an
earnest to him of the disposition of that and other
northern States to arrest the course of those de-
luded people in producing mischief here and else-
where After this petition was received, he was
prepared to take the most efficient and energetic
action to put a stop to this fanaticism.
Mr CALHOUN had heard, with much regret,
the argument of his friend from Alabama, [Mr.
KrNG.] Ho understood the gentleman to put this
question of receiving the petition on constitu-
tional grounds He asked the Senator if h« i
was aware of the extent to which this doctrine
would carry him ' Was he prepared to receive
petitions to abolish slavery in the navy-yards and
arsenals of the United States, in the southern
seetion of the Union ' Was he prepared to receive
petitions couched in abusive and indecorous lan-
guage  [Mr. King said, no.] The Senator an-
I swered no. Then, I ask him (said Mr. C.) to
show me the distinction between such petitions '
1 as he had described and the one before the Senate.
If the right to have petitions received was con*
stitutional, then there could be no qualification
of that right. The Senator from Alabama, by
saying no, surrendered the ground he had taken.
Then, by what possibility (he asked him) was
he prepared to receive petitions to abolish slavery
in this District'   If he was prepared to receive
such petition , what was to prevent him from
receiving petitions to abolish slavery in every
arsenal and navy-yard in every State in the
Union >
Mr C. confessed he was astonished at the gen-
tleman's argument. The light of petition was
cautiously guarded in the Constitution: "Con-
gress shall make no law prohibiting the right of
the people peaceably to assemble and petition for
a redress of grievances " By these plain terms
it was expressly limited; and yet, when gentle-
men came to the potitions of these fanatics for
abolishing slavery in this District, they were dis-
posed to enlarge the construction I know (said
Mr. C.) that the Senator from Alabama repre-
sents constituents more deeply interested in this
question than mine. The southwestern States
were more deeply interested than the south
Atlantic States, as the former had a growing
stave population, continually augmenting by pur-
chases from Maryland, Virginia, North and South
Carolina, and Georgia, and he was therefore the
more astonished at his argument.
Not to receive these petitions was considered
wonderfully disrespectlul to these petitioners; but
to receive and reioct them immediately was con-
sidered entirely respectful. What did gentlemen
mean' He could not. foi the life of him, make
out why gentlemen were so anxious to receive
these petitions, when they were determined to
reject them
Mr. MOORE did not rise to procrastinate this
discussion. He desired more time for reflection
before he recorded his views, particularly smee
his colleague had indicated the course he intended
to pursue. He could not see the propriety of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania in offering the peti-
tion he had presented, and forthwith moving-to
reject it. If I had a petition to present here, (said
Mr. M.,) the consideration that would indúceme
to move its rejection would induce me to with-
hold it.
Mr MOORE then moved an adjournment; and
The Senate «djoumed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 19, 1836.
11     Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revo 
lutionary Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read twice, and committed-
A bill for the relief of the legal representative 
of William Boyce, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
i of Captain T. White, deceased
I Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
I Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
' Daniel Whitney and others; which was read
i twice, and committed.
1      Mr. GARLAND, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relitf
of Jean Baptiste Granger; which was read twice
and committed.
j Mr SMITH, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported ceitain documents from the
Treasury Department, in relation to return duties
under the tariff"act of 182&; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr REYNOLDS, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, reported the follow-
ing bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill to continuothe national road from Van*
dalia to the Mississippi river, in the State of Illi-
i nois; and
I A bill to continue the national road from the
Mississippi river to Jefferson City, in the State
of Missouii.
, Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported a
bill for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of William Graham, deceased, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. WASHINGTON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to amend
the charter of the Potomac Fire Insurance Com-
pany; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JARVIS.from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the widow*
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States schooner Wild Cat; which
was read twice and committed.
