ISSft                               ÍHECONGfttESaONftLMGflOBE*                                 123
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Davis Hunt,
A bill for the relief of William York; and
A bill for the relief of Relief Harris
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affeirs, reported a bill to au-
thorize the appointment of additional paymasters,
which was read twice and committed
Mr. KINNARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Captain Lathrop
Allen; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Re-
visa! and Unfinished Business, reported a bill to
extend the time for issuing certificates of scrip on
military land warrants to the officers and soldiers
of the Revolution; which waB read twice and
committed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to continue in force, for a limited
time, the act authorizing certain soldiers of the
late war to surrender the bounty lands drawn by
them, and to locate other lands in lieu thereof;
which was read twice.
Mr. SEVIER ino\ ed that the bill be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. VINTON w as opposed to the engrossment
of the bill, and moved that it be committed
Messrs SEVIER and HARLAN explained
the provisions of the bill, and urged its engross-
ment at this time.
Air. VINTON, after a few remarks, moved to
postpone the further consideration of the bill
until Tuesday next; which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, from a select committee, made
a report, accompanied by a bill, to authorize the
President to assert and prosecute the right of the
United States to the bequest of Mi James Smith-
son, kite of London, deceased, for the purpose
of founding at Washington an institution for the
diffusion of knowledge among men.
The bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHAPÍN, of New York, said, that as the
foundation of an institution at Washington for
the increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men roust be deeply interesting to the people of
the United States, he would, therefore, move that
five thousand extra copies of the report submit-
ted by the honorable chairman of the committee,
together with the Piesident's message, corre-
spondence, and will, relating to the bequest of
James Smithson, of London, be printed for the
use of the House.
The motion, by the rules of the House, lies
on the table for one day.
Mr. MARTIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill making further compen-
sation to the clerks of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, which was read twice
and committed.
Messrs P C FULLER, CHAMBERS, of
Kentucky, and WHITTLESEY, from the Com-
mittee on Claims; Messrs. CRAIG, CHAPÍN,
MUHLENBERG, KINNARD, and BEAU-
MONT, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; Messrs CARR, GARLAND of Vir-
ginia, and HUNTSMAN, from the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims; Messrs. WARD-
WELL, STORER, and FRY, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions; and Mr.
JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval Affair*,
made unfavorable reports upon various petitions,
which were laid on the table.
Mr. JUDSON, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, made a report, accom-
panied by the following joint resolution, which
was read twice:
Resolved, by the Sennte and House of Representatives of
the United States of ¿menea, in Congress assembled, That
the Governor of the State of Connecticut be, and he is
hereby, authorized to employ some suitable person to «reot
a monument, with appropriate inscriptions, within the pub
he cemetery in the town of Coventrv, Connecticut, com
memorating the services and death of Captain Nathan Hale
lathe warof the Revolution Provided, The expense thereoi
shall not exceed the sum of one thousand dollars.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island moved to print
f ve thousand copies of the report accompanying
the foregoing joint resolution
The motion lies over one day.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, reported the following resolution? Which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures be In-
structed to inquire what plates ordered by the Mouse of
Representatives, in the publication of Dr Mease's Silk
Manual, arc no  not in use, and upon what terms the said
plates may be used In the Biographer of Samuel Slater, or
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the sate of
said plates.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay
before the House a statement of the length and cost of the
several portions ot the national road we-t of the river Ohio
which have been completed , also the length and cost, so
far as any expense has been incurred upon the same, ot sut li
other portions of the slid road a> have been located, opened,
and graduated, or, in part, constructed; distinguishing, re
spectively, in such statement, the cost of the location,
opening, graduation, bridges, misonry and stone covering of
the various parts of the slid road , that he add to the above
statement an estimate of the probable ro«t of the residue
of the said road as far as the river Mississippi; and, also,
of the relativo expenses of graduating and covering with
stone such part of the «aid road a¡> ma) not have been
definitive!} located and graduated, with reference to the
future use of the same, as an ordinary Macadamized road
and a railway, and that he inform the House by what reg-
ulations the economy of the public expenditure on the
said road is now secured, and especially whether the said
road is constructed bv public contracts or otherwise, and
if by contract , how the execution of those contracts is
supervised
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Ways and Means, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediencv of directing the Secretary
of th  Treasury to cause to be constructed by the sime
establishment in which the «taiidaid weights and measures
for the custom houses are now making, tor each State and
Territory of the Union, a complete set of standard weights
and measures, equal to those now constructing for the
custom houses, and upon the same principles and means
of adjustment
On motion by Mr. WISE, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the orders of the
day.
ABOUTIOIT OF SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The special order of the day was taken up,
being the following resolutions heretofore offered
by Mr. Jarvis, of Maine:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the subject
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
ought not to be entertained bv Congress
And belt farther resolved. That in case any petition pray-
ing the abolition of slavery in the Di-trict of Columbia be
hereafter presented, it is the deliberate opimonofthc House
that the same ought to be laid upon the table, without being i
referred or pnnted                                                         '
To which Mr. Wise submitted the following
amendment-
Strike out all after the word " Resolved " ind insert
That there is no power of legislation granted bv the Con
stitution to the Congress of the United States to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and that any attempt
by Congress to legislate upon the subject of slaven will be
not only unauthorized, but dangerous, to the union oí the
States
Mr. Jarvis subsequently modified the original
resolution, as follows:
Whereas any attempt ui this House to agitate the ques-
tion of slavery is calculated to disturb the compromises of
the Constitution, to endanger the Union, and, it persisted
m, to destroy the peace and prosperity of the country
Therefore,
Resohed, That, m the opinion of this House, the subject
of the abolition of slavery in the Distnct of Columh a ought
not to be entertained by Congress
Jtnd ii v farther resolved, That in case any petition pray-
ing for the abolition ot slavery in the District of Columbia
be hereafter pre ented, it is the deliberate opinion of the
House that the sime ought to be laid upon the table, with
out being referred or printed
The question before the House being the amend-
ment of Mr Wise,
Mr HOLSEY said he would have supported
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise,] had it been presented at a proper time
He was willing to meet the constitutional ques-
tion whenever it should be presented in a proper
manner, but it was not his intention to go into
the merits of the question at present The peo-
ple he had the honor to represent, and he believed
the whole people of the South, believed the Con-
stitution of the United States granted no power
to legislate on this subject. The position his own
State occupied prevented him from going further
in this matter He was of opinion that the sub-
ject should be disposed of by calling for the yeas
and nays without discussion.    It ought to be
recotteetsé that this «at a daep and pervading-
question. The South knew the right  which be-
longed to them, and it was hardly necessary for
him to say that they would maintain those lights.
We have the voice of history to warn us how to
proceed in this matter The discussions in the
French Legislature had their influence in the in-
surrection in the West Indies. He had noticed
this circumstance merely as an additional motive
for drawing this exciting -and agitating question
to a close.
The resolution of the gentleman from Maine 
[Mr. JarvisJ would have a conciliating influ-
ence on the South—the terms of the resolution*
being, that the agitation of the question was cal-
culated to disturb the compromises of the Con-
stitution. It was not inconsistent with the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Virginia; and he
was willing to go for that resolution arso at tho
proper time. There could be but one opinion m
relation to the resolution of the gentleman from
Maine, and he thought that by adopting it w«
would discharge our obligations to our country.
He did not think that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia could be sustained in its
present shape, because it would be striking out
the language of the gentleman from Maine, and
inserting the constitutional question God for-
bid that the existence of this great Confederacy
should be disturbed by a mere matter of pro-
priety ' He would «ay, in conclusion, that he
would support the original resolution of the gen-
tleman from Maine; but whenever gentlemen
should see pioper to present the constitutional
question in a proper manner he would sustain
their views.                             I
Mr. HAWES said the people he had the honor
to represent viewed the subject now before the
House with as great attention and deep interest
as, perhaps, any of the people He had regretted
that the discussion of the subject should be cairied
on, because in his view every speech made was
calctilated to ereate an impression m the minds of
the Abolitionists that they were persecuted. He
believed the consequences to be deleterious, let
discussion come from whatever quarter it might,
whether from the East, North, South, or West.
Viewing the discussion as deleterious to every part
of this great Confederacy, he felt himself bound
to demand the previous question
Mr. PEYTON rose and asked the gentleman
towtthdiaw the motion.
Mr. HAWES said, I cannot withdraw, sir, I
have given my reasons for the motion, and I feel
compelled to insist upon It.
The motion for the previous question was not
seconded by the House—ayes 90, noes 100.
Mr. PEYTON had hoped the gentlemen of die
South would meet the only question they ever
wished to see presented there, that was, the ques-
tion of power, not of expediency. Would any
gentleman go home to the South and tell his con-
stituents that they might enjoy life, liberty, and
property, because it was not expedient to touch
it? He would assure gendemen that the mere
declaration of inexpediency  with regard to the
District of Columbia, would be insufficient to tran-
quihze the South, and they deceived themselves
if they thought so. Mr. P. then referred to the
recent speech of Mr. Adams, and the message of
Governor Marcy, m relation to the special message
of Governor Gayle, partof which heread. This
(he said)would show what the south had to expect
from northern feeling and northern people. He
would put the case of the guilt of the incendiary
being clear beyond a doubt, and that mniders
without number had been committed through him
or his agency; yet, upon the position pssumed by
the Governor of New York,he could not be pun-
ished, because he did not commit the crimes
withm the limits of the State in which he resided.
Mr. P. contended that this conflicted with that
clause of the Constitution of the United States
which provided for the surrender of fugitives frota
justice. The case of an incendiary firing from a
mortar across a State line could be done with
impunity according to that position, if there was
no law in the State of New York to meet that
particular case.
Mr. P. maintained that the man who commit-
ted crime at a distance against a State, was just
as amenable to the laws of the State he had out-
