1*4
THK C0MHIES8IGN&I/ C&QB®
January SO,
nwed, as if he had committed the act Wtfhu  the
limns of the Stat..    He just a  much Wf m
justice as the criminal who ran iron  the State.
Mr P. then read the opinion  of Mr. Van buren
on an amendment to the Constitution, m relation
to the abolition of slavery withm the District of
Columbia, contained in the letter from the Hon.
Silas Wright to Thomas Ritchie, Esq.; and also,
the letter of Mr. Van Buren to Samuel Gwm, of
Mississippi, to show that Mr. V. B. reserved the
power in the States over this species of property;
and that it could notbe touched withoutan amend-
ment to the Constitution.   Mr. P. denied that it
could be so amended under any circumstances,
and the time was now come when they must
eome up and meet this question.    He then read
an extract from a letter of Mr  Butler, the At-
torney-General, to Hugh A.Garland, of Virginia,
respecting the meeting at Albany on the subject
of slavery west of the Mississippi, m the year
1819, and Mr. Van Buron's course on that occa-
sion.    He also dilated on the proceedings of the
New Y'ork Legislature in 1830, on the admission
of Missouri into the Union, so far as regarded
the question of slavery, in which Mr. Van Buren
voted for the preamble and resolution, declaring
that Congress might exclude slavery from new
Stales, before their admission into the Union.
Mr. P. then referred to a publication he had re-
ceived a few days since, entitled " Supplement to
the Pioneer," from which he read sundry long
extracts, maintaining the right of Congress to
suppress slavery in the Territories, and in  the
District of Columbia.    There were hundreds of
thousands of abolition publications issued from
the State of New York, an act which was pun-
ishable in the southern States, but the criminal
could not be reached, beeause he resided within
the limits of other States; yet gentlemen from
the South told us that the North was sound on
this subject.    He compared the conduct of the
Abolitionists with that of an armament of private
citizens against one of the republics of South
America. "" When such a thing was about to take
place, with regard to Texas, (he said,) the Presi-
dent of the United State* promptly issued his
proclamation against the design, but no proclama-
tion, no message, no letter had been sent forth
against these societies,-who were conspiring a
warfare against the institutions of the South.
Mr. P. drew a picture of the condition of tin
slaves of the South, contrasted with the laborers
6f the North, and commented at great length
upon the above publication or address of die anti-
slavery society. He maintained that the only
way to meet the question was, to vote for the
amendment of the gentleman froai Virginia. Any-
thing less than this would be "shirking" the
question—would be evading it. The question of
expediency wotdd not now do. He believed
there was a fixed determination to baffle the ques-
tion; and he called upon the gentlemen of the
South not to 3uffer it to be baffled.
Mr. BOULDIN said the difference was more
in form than in substance; for no one could doubt
what every southern man believed on this sub-
ject. There was fanaticism both North and
South; and he knew there was a general crusade
against slavery at that time, and argument was
almost useless. Upon the question of constitu-
tionality, he felt no great concern, because he
knew, that if any man made aay attack upon his
life or property, on whatever grounds, in church
•r out of church, here or hereafter, there could
arise no difficulty as to what he would dot Why
was it that the compromiso was made m the Con-
stitution ? Beeause the southern people had a
property over which they intended -to retain the
«ole control. This was the strongest reason why
such State reservations had been made as were
found in that instrument. Patrick Henry had
lifted up the veil of futurity, aud foresaw it. The
Constitution expressly provided that no man
eould be deprived of his property, but under cer-
tain circumstances; aud he regarded one descrip-
tion of property as he did another.
As to the resolutions, he had little hope they
would ever be able to get rid of this question with-
out meeting it. He hoped this question would not
be embarrassed by a certain election now so much
talked about. All he would say-on that subject
«as, that on the presidential election, should itever
comt there, he should vote whichever way his.
constituents directed. He was not for a man from
any particular section of country on that ground
alone. If the South were not to >ote for a man
because he fame from north of Mason and Dixon's
line, it amounted at once to a dissolution of the
Union. Mr. B. referred to his own recommend-
ation on a petition on this subject, sent to the
House two years ago. He was willing that that
petition should be printed, but his colleagues
differed with lum, and he assented. He then
referred to what had followed the emancipation
of slaves in St. Domingo, and to the character of
thepresent Abolitionists in this country. They
were the only aristocrats in the country. It was
the moneyed aristocracy of the North who med-
dled in this business, for mo industrious roan or
woman ever busied themselves about the subject.
Mr. B. entered at large into the whole character-
istics of the colored population, and their intel-
lectual qualities, quoting both sacred and profane
history. The complaints of these Abolitionists
he compared to a man having a cancer near his
, heart. The only íemedy would be to cut it out;
i that was certain death, but still an officious mter-
meddh r insisted upon probing it. He also con-
demned the policy of sending the colored people
to Liberia, an unhealthy country, in which a large
moiety of them invariably died oft". Mr. B. spoke
at g eat length, and, without concluding, gave
way to
Mr. CRAIG, on whose motion the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 20, 1836.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Secretary of War, containing a report of the
Chief Engine r, ordered by the resolution of the
Senate of the 12th instant, on the subject of deep-
ening the harbor of Pensacola; and on motion by
Mr.  SouiiiAun, it was ouh li d to be printed.
The CHAIR also enetrnuijieatrd ¡v report from
the Treasmy Depjitui irt, transmitting a report
from the CommisstuiKT of tin General Land Of-
Ici , madi in c nnplu>eej with a resolution of the
Senate of t'iellt'i instuit
Mr. McKEAN fiK-eoted goivk documents in
support of tin claim of Gt( i<e Dalum; which
were referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mi. HILL presented tin p< tition of sundry
cit,.-' nsofNi-wHainpshiii , piíivingfoi-thecuíab-
UiJinieiit of n mail route; winch was rcfcricd to
'.he Commit tie o,i th< Po^tO/Tici and Post Roads.
Mi. TIPTON pi i suited certain resolutions of
the General Assi mbly of the State of Indiana,
requesting the Representatives, and instructing
the Senators in Congress from that State, to op-
pose the admission of Michigan into the Union
until she altéis her < oiibtitution on the subjectof
boundary.
Mi. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Margant Wilson, widow of Benjamin Marshall,
who represents herself to be one hundred years
old, praying the aid of Congress, in consideration
of the sufferings and services of her husband in
the revolutionary war; winch was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PORTER presentee! the petition of the
surveyor and inspector of the customs at Lake
Pontchartrain, praying for an increase of salary;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce .
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of ¿he
heirs of Aguste Choteau and John Mullanphy,
praying that a eertain tract of land or  the Upper
Missouri, claimed by them, may be exempted
from sale until their title can be adjudicated, and
that Congress will provide the means of adjudi-
cating it; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. EWING presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Ohio, praying for the establishment of
a, new mail route} which was referred to the C,o re-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Petitions were also, presented by Messrs. T0M-
LJNSON and MANGUM.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDALN, from the Committee on Rev-
«kitionary Claims, made an unfavorable report
on the petition of Williajaa W. Hall¡ and Hie
committee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the completion of certain roads in
the Territory of Florida; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making an appropriation to
perfect the title of the United States, to the site of
a light-house at Roanoko Inlet, North Carolina;
which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following res-
olution; which lies on the table one day.
Rctolred, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, to whom have been referred the petitions of the banks
in said District for the renewal of their charters, ho in-
structed to examine into the present state of tjie currency
in said District, and into flie conduct and condition of tho
said banki, and the necessity for the reehartering of the
whole, or any number of them; with power to send far per-
sons and papare, to inspect the book* of said bank, exam-
ine witnesses on oath, employ a clerk, and report by biJI or
otherwise.
Mr, CLAYTON submitted the'following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to re-
port to the Senate on the expediency of construcUnga mole
Or pier at or near Cape Henlopen, to facilitate the commu-
mennon between the Delaware breakwater and the mam
laud, witli an estimate of |be probable expense of the «ame j
also on the expediency of establishing some fortification*
or meant, of detense for the protection of the said break-
water.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the Committee on
Foreign Relations was discharged from the further
consideration of such parts of the President's late
message on the subject of our relations with
France, as relates to the strengthening of naval
and military defenses; and
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the portion of
the message relating to our naval defenses was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
that part relating to t$e strengthening of our for-
tifications was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
On motion by Mr. RUGGLES, the report of
the chief engineer of the survey of East Tljom-
aston harbor, lately presented to the Senate, was
ordcied to be printed.
On motion by Mr. ÍIUGGLES, the joini'res-
ulntion introduced by him, appropriating the
balance of an appropriation of last year mane for
the Patent Office to the employment of additional
temporary clerks in said office, was taken up;
ana, after some remarks in explanation from Mr.
R,, the resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TYLER gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
William Ramsay.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, on leave, introduced
a joint resolution, appropriating the balance Df
the appropriation for constructing a bridge across
the Potomac, to the grading and graveling atid
planting with trees of Maryland otanile, leading
to said bridge; which was read twice and referred.
Mr. KING, also, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of David McCall; which was read
twice and referred.
Mr. PRESTON, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of Doctor Thomas Cooper; which wa*
read twice and referred.
Mr. DAVIS, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Christopher T. Bailey; which was read
twice and referred.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill making
an appropriation for the completion of the Cum-
berland road from the Mississippi river to die
western boundary of Missouri; which was read
twice and referred.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a resolution directing
a eertain number of copies of Gordon's Digest,
for the use of the standing commttiees of the
Benataj Which was ctonsidefed and agreed to.
On motion by Mr, SOUTHARD, the Senate
took up the resolution submitted by him soma
days since, on the subject of the printing of the
SeortS; and, after a tmort discussion, it wa , on
