IBS*.                                 1^> C&NfcfttKSSfOlíAL ^LOWl                                   m
«otion by Mr. WRIGHT, referred to Uie Com-
mittee on the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
PRIVILEGrS OF THE SENATE.
On motion by Mi. KING, of Alabama, the
Senate took up and considered the following res-
olution, submitted by him.
Reso'ied Tint the resolution adopted Qn the ~th ultimo,
ad nittm? certain public ofheer  ct the United Snte , and
other , to the floor ot the Pénate a* spectators, be amended
by insertins' the solicitor ot the IYeasur} "
Mr. KING offered to add the following names
as an amendment to the resolution- the Paymas-
ter General, duartermaster General, Commis-
sary General, Principal of the Topograph*: ! Bu-
reau, Principal Geologist, Principal of the Engl'
new? Bureau. Clerk of the Supreme Court, Snd
Reporter of the Supreme Cdurt; which w*8
agreed to, and the resolution adopted.
DISTRICT BANKS.
On motion by Mr. SOUTHARD, the Senate
took up the resolution proposed by Mr. Bevton
for the appointment of a select comlnittee to ex-
amine into the cordition of the banks and the
circulation of this District, when
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following
amendment:
Strike out a  fblttws K To whom shall be referred an the
petitions now presented to the Senate for the renewal of i
bank charter  in the District of Columbia, with authority
to «amine into the conduct and condition of said banks,
and for that purpose to hiv e authority to send for persona
and paper , to inspect book , and to examine witnes«e  on
oath il o "
On motion by Mi. WRIGHT, the resolution
was laid on the table.
COMMUNICATION FROM WAR DEPARTMENT.
TheCHAIR announced a communication from
the War Department, transmuting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, a report relative
to the survey of a road from Maumee Bay to the
rapids of the Mississippi rrver.
CALN QUARTERLY MEETING PETITION.
The Senate took up, as the unfinished business,
the petition presented by Mr. Buchanav from
the Cain Quarterly Meeting of Friends in Penn-
sylvania, for abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia, and,
On motion by Mr CLAY, the further consid-
eration of the subject was postponed till to-mor-
row.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Behtwj, for
appiopriating the surplus revenue to permanent
objects of national defense, was taken up as the
order of the day; and, after some remarks at
length from Messrs. CUTHBERT and HUB-
BARD, the resolution was laid on the table.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness
When the doors were opened, the Senate ad*
joumed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wesnkidax, January 20, 1836.
Mr. CHAPÍN moved to consider the motion
which he submitted yesterday, for printing five
thousand copies of the report submitted yester-
day by Mr. Adams, from a select committee, to-
gether with the President's message, correspond*
ence, and will, relating to the bequest of James
Smithson, late of London, deceased.
Objection being made,
Mr. MANN, of New York, said the report
■was in reference to a subject of considerable in-
terest, not only to the House, but to the eouatry
generally As the repoi t was in the hands of the
printer, it was proper that, if an extra number of
copies was ordered, it should be done at this
time. He moved to suspend the rule, for the
purpose of entertaining the motion to print; which
was agreed to—ayes 107, noes 46.
Mr. HOWARD desired to know from some
member of the committee the purport of the re-
port, and what disposition was proposed to be
made of die bequest. He was entirely ignorant
on the subject.
Mr. CHAPÍN, of New York, said he would,
as a member of the committee to which the sub-
ject of the Smithson bequest had been referred,
answer the inquiry of the honorable gentleman
from Maryland [Mr Howard.] It Vas not pro-
posed either by the report or bill which the hon-
orable chairman of the select committee [Mr
Adams] had submitted, to indicate the plan or
organization of the institution tobe founded. At
present, it would be entirely premature to do so,
b( cause the first step -was to obtain the funds,
leaving the application of thorn to futuie li gisln-
tion. The bill provides that the President of the
United States shall appoint an agent to prosecute
the claim in the Couit of Chancciy in Enghnd,
where the funds are locked up in behalf of the
United State's, and on the receipt of them, to give
the proper discharge or acquittance for the same-
Sir, the bequest of James Smithson, amounting
to ncaily half a million of dollars, is among the
most liberal bene fictions upon recoid. Coming,
too, as it does fiom a citizen of Gieat Britain, who
is not known to have visited the United States, or
to have had any fnends residing h< re, it may be
regarded asa distinguished tribute of íesprct paid
by a foreigner and stranger to the free institutions
of our country. It is due to the memory and
character of the donor that suitable piibhcUy
should be given to this noble and generous act of
public munificence, it is due, also, as the acknowl-
edgement of the grateful sense of Congress, in
behalf of the people of the United States, for
whose benefit the bequest was made, and it is in
an especial manner necessary, in order to call the
attention óf rilen distinguished for learning and
talents hi all parts of the Union to tin subject,for
the purpose of obtaining an expression of their
views and opinions in regard to the plan and Or-
ganization of the institution proposed to be estab-
lished This splendid benefaotion confers immor-
tality upon the individual by whom it was be-
stowed, and does honor to the age m which we
live.
Mr. C. concluded by expressing the hope that
the motion to print would be adopted by the
House without a dissenting voice.
Mr. PARKER said the House had not entirely
got out of a debate which had arisen upon a bill
which was intended to provide for their own pay,
in reference to the alleged excessive expenditures
of the contingent fund of the House for the item
of printing. A great deal of complaint was made
on the occasion alluded to, because of the num-
ber of the President's messages ordered to be
printed by the House. He was so case-hardened
that he would, upon a like occasion, do the same
thing again Ho was, however, not prepared to
rote for the proposition before the House The
report was doubtless an able one, but he could
I see no reason why five times the number which
j were necessaiy for the information of the House
should be printed. It would be recollected that a
report had been made in the Senate on this sub-
ject, ■which had been published in all the news*
papers he had seen. They would not be called
upon to make any disposition of these funds,
because they had not yet received thdm; a Ad if
they ever did, it would perhaps be fifteen or
twenty years first.    Upon the whole, he did not
I consider it at all important that an extra number
| of this report should be published
i     The motion to print five thousand extia copies
I of the report was then agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LAY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of James
Taylor; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. L., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief John Dal; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. PHILO C. PULLER, from the Committee
on Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Nathaniel
Piatt; which was read twice and committed.
Mr DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Scioto Evans;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. PINCKNEY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making an appropriation for
a marine hospital in or near Wilmington, in the
State of North Carolina; which was read twice
and committed
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bul for the relief of the sureties of Nich-
olas Kern; which was read twice and committed.
| Mr THOMSON, of OHid, 4rota tne Commie-1
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Doctors J. E B Fmdleyahd A. E. Deas;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr MUHLENBERG, from the Committee or 
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Lieuti nant John McDowell; which wa 
read twice and committed
Mr CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill tor the relief of Wil-
liam Walker, Abraham Woodall, and the heirs of
Samuel Brown, which was read twice and com-1
mitted.
Mr SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported n bill for the relief of Joseph
R Folsom, and the owners and crew of the
schooner Galaxy, of Bueksport, in the State of
Mame; which was read twice and committed.
Messrs. MUHLENBERG, CHAPÍN, and
TURRIL, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; Mr CASEY, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, Mr TAYLOR, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions-* Mr MARTIN, from the
Committee on the Judiciary; and Mr WHIT-
TLESEY, from the Committee on Claimd, made
unfavorable reports upon various petitions and
memorials, which were kid on the table.
4BOLITION Ot SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the folio win  resolutions heretofore offered by Mr.
J .rvis, of Maine:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House, the sub-
ject of the abolition of «hveij in Hie Dmnet of Columbia
ought not to be entertained bv Con<rre  
.2nd Se it furtker resolved, That In ca«e any petition pray-
ing the abolition of slavery i  the District ot Columbia be
hereatter pre ented, it is tho deliberate opinion of tho House
til i' the same ought to be laid on the hile, without being
inferred or printed
To which Mr. Wise submitted the following
amendment- Strike out all after the woid "Re-
solved," and insert-
That thtre is no power of legislation emoted by the Con-
stitHtion to the Congress of tin United States to aboh h sla-
very in the District of Columbia, and that any attempt by
Congress lo legislate upon the Subject of slavery will fee not
only unauthorized, but danpwou.1 to tile unpn ot the States.
Mr Jarvis «nbseqoently modified ¿he anginal
resolution, as follows:
Whereas, any attempt m this Home to agitate the ques-
tion ot'staverv is cale united to daturb the compromises of tho
Constitution, to endanger the Union, and if persisted in, to
destroy tin p ice and prosptnty of th countrj   Therefore,
Rcsohed That, in the opinion of this House,.tfie subject
of the abolition ot shwsry in the District of Columbia ought
not to be entertained by Covgsest.
Jini U Ufttrther resolvei, That iu case oov petition pray-
ing for the abolition of silvery in the DiHriU of Columbia
be here-itter presented, it is the deliberate opinion of the
Hou*e that the same ought to be laid «n til  table, without
being referred or printed.
The question before the House being the amend-
ment ot Mr. Wise,
I Mi. BOULD1N concluded his remarks on the
subject.    He hoped there was no serious ínten-
1 titjn of pressing this subject upon Congress. He
threw back the charges brought against the char-
acter oí the slaveholders. The memorials mi  
represented them.   The negree* were not ill «sed
1 in the South; and so farfrtim having had injustice
done to them by their removal fiom Africa, all
t investigation proved that the present colored race
in the South were far better off than their breth-
ren were in Africa, or than their ancestors ever
were The memonalists complained of insecurity
of residenctfin theSouth. It was withoutfound-
ation. There was no part of the world where
the traveler or the resident was more secure thain
in the South both in life and in property They
were also misrepresented in another tiling; and
•that was in the sufferings of the slaves He
would appeal to the heart-rending picture drawn
of the condition of the poor in the city of New
York, by a gentleman from that State, last session,
(Mr Ferns,) on account of the high price of
coal, where poor creatures, during the most in-
clement weather, could gather only a little saw-
dust fo* fuel. Nothing of that kind was ever seen
in the South. He knew ladies who often visited
their sick slaves, and sat up with them from mid-
night to daybreak. Tnei e was more security for
property in the South than in the North; and Mr.
B. referred to a number of instances in proof of
this position. He said there was a great mistake
in regard to the dishonesty of the stave population.
