188G.
mB^QNC^RESSÍOlíAL GMBEI
m
settle the accounts of William Ramsey, det&ased.;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading,.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resofrei, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of an appropria-
tion to pay a company of volunteers, commanded by Captain
Daniel Siglor, of the State of Indiana, for services rendered
the United States against the hostile Indians, in the year
1832.
Mr. TYLER submitted the following resolu-
tions; which lie on the table one day, and which
were ordered to be printed:
Resohed, That to alter, change, or abolish the rights of
property in the District of Columbia, without the consent of
the owner , would be unjust and despotic, and in violation
of the Constitution of the Uuked States.
Resolved, farther, That, even with such consent, to inter-
fere with the subject of slaverv, not only without but against
the consent of the people of Maryland and Virginia, wonld
be in Hastrant violation of the public faith, aa abuse of the
trust conferred on Congress by the cession, aad hazacdou 
to the peace aniseeurity of those two States.
ResolveS, further, That such proceeding would sap the
foundation of the conventional system, which is based on1
the condition of things as they existed at the time of the
adoption of (he Constitution, aad which cannot be altered
in so material a point without disturbing the principle of
compromise out of which the Government originated.
NOTICE OF   A BILL.
Mr. BLACK gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill providing
for the removal of the land office from Clinton to
Jackson, in the State of Mississippi.
RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
The resolutions lying on the table, submitted
by Messrs. Linn, Naudain, Southard, Clattov,
Robbins, Moore, Tipton, Hendricks, McKean,
and Ewiire, wereseverallyconsidered, and agreed
to.
NEW TERRITORY.
Mr. CLAYTON, on leave, introduced a bill to
establish the Territory of Wisconsin; which was
read twice, and referred.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.               i
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet again on Monday next.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of the resolu-
tion introduced by Mr. Bewton for appropriating
the surplus revenue to purposes- of national de-
fense.
Mr. HUBBARD continued his remarks begun
yesterday; and when he concluded,
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH withdrew the amend-
ment submitted by him; after which,
Mr. GRUNDY moved to modify the resolu-
tion, by making it read "that so much of the
surplus revenue as may be necessary shall be
appropriated," &c.
This modification being accepted by Mr. Ben-
TOM,
Mr. EWING proposed that the subjeet be laid
on the table, and that the resolution as modified
be printed.
Mr. WHITE suggested that the best course
would be to postpone the resolution until the
next day of the Senate's session, (Monday,) and
that the printing be also ordered. Mr. W.made
a motion to that effect, which was carried; and     I
On motion by Mr. PORTER the Senate ad- !
journed over to Monday next.                                I
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 21,1836.
The SPEAKER announced the first business ¡
in order to be the question of order upon the ¡
appeal from the decision of the Chair, in refer- ! j
ence toa petition praying the abolition of slavery 'I
in the District of Columbia, presented heretofore
by Mr. Adams, upon which Mr. Glascock had !'
raised the question of reception.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said the House !
had, from time to time, manifested a disposition
to postpone this subject.^ He could see no pro-
priety in disposing of it now, inasmuch as a
question of more importance was before the
House, and undecided, which was connected with
the same subject. Congress had been seven
weeks in session, and but two bills had passed !.
the House, one of which was in relation to the
accounts of the American consul at London, and
the other in regard to the hostilities of the Indians
in Florida. There existed manifest necessity for
action upon various measures of importance; and
he therefore moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject before the House until
Saturday week.
Mr. ADAMS said he was desirous of having
the question taken on the appeal from the decision
of the Chair, because, so long as that decision
stood, there was no possibility of the people
having a chance of presenting their petitions to
the House. On the last petition day, it was with
difficulty that & discussion, which would have
occupied the House the whole day, was avoided,
and the people precluded from having their
petitions received. If the question was decided
that a motion not to receive a petition was not
subject to the 45th rule, he would pledge himself
to offer an amendment to the rules, because it
would be in the power of any one member to get
up and move that a petition be not received, and
then, according to the decision of the Speaker,
the whole day might be consumed in discussing
that petition. He hoped that the House would
j decide the question at once. If the House decide
that the decision of the Speaker was wrong, it
would be equivalent toan amendment of the rules.
Gentlemen were mistaken, if they thought that,
by putting this question off from week to week,
they would get rid of it. He believed, if the
Speaker woujd reconsider his decision, he would
reverse it; but if he would not, he (Mr. A.)
would ask the House to decide whether the people
should have the right to have their petitions re-
ceived or not.
The motion to postpone was then agreed to—
ayes 94, noes 59.
REPORTS PR06Í COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
William Lawrence, late a colonel in the Army;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Elihu Hall Bay and others; which was read
twice and committed.
I Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill for the relief
of James Robertson, of Charleston,South Caro-
lina; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill making'
appropriations for the collection of information,
and the commencement of certain fortifications,
and for other purposes.
Mr. J. stated that this bill was intended by the
committee as a substitute for the one heretofore
reported of a similar character.
The bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. PINCKNEY, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Theo-
dore Stanwood, Samuel W. Brown, and John
Woodbury, Jr., owners of two schooners engaged
in the fisheries; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. GRAYSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to establish a navy-yard
in the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina;
which was read twice and committed.
On motion by Mr. PINCKNEY, certain docu-
ments on file in the Clerk's office of the House,
in reference to the last-named bill, were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported the following
bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of John Howell; and
A bill for the relief of W. W. Stephenson and
Joseph Henderson.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Hunt; which was read twice and committed.
Messrs. EVANS and TAYLOR, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions; Mr. HAM-
MOND, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims; Messrs. CASEY, HARRISON of Mis-
souri, WILLIAMS of North Carolina, and \
LINCOLN, from the Committee on the Public
Lands;  and    Messrs.   MUHLENBERG   and
BEAUMONT, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made unfavorable reports upon
various petitions and memorials; which were or-
dered to lie upon the table.
Mr. EVERETT moved to suspend the rules
of the House, for the purpose of calling the States
I for resolutions referring claims to committees.
Mr. MERCER moTed to strike from the mo-
tion the words in italics; negatived—ayes 65,
noes 80.
The original motion was then disagreed to.
ABOLITION OF   SLAVERY IN THE   DISTRICT.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, heretofore offered by Mr
Jarvis, of Maine:
Remlrei, That, in the opinion of this House, the subject
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia ou{ht
not to be entertained by Congress.
.Í nd be it further resolved, That in case any petition pray-
ing the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia be
hereafter presented, it is the deliberate opinion of the
Mouse thnt the same ought to be laid on the table, without
being referred or printed.
To which Mr. Wise submitted the following
amendment: Strike out all after the word "Re-
solved," and insert—
That tiicre- is no power of legislation granted by the Con-
stitution to the Congress of the United States to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and that any attempt by
Congress to legislate opon the subject of slavery will be not
only unauthorized, but dangerous to the union of the States.
Mr. Jarvis subsequently modified the original
resolution, as follows:
Whereas, any attempt in this House to agitate the ques-
tion of slavery is calculated to disturb the compromises of
the Constitution, to endanger the Union, and, it' persisted in,
to destroy tlie peace and prosperity of the country! There-
fore,
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the subject
of the abolition ot shivery in the District of Columbia ought
not to be entertained by Congress.
Jlnd it is further resolved, That in case any petition pray-
ing for the abolition of slavery in the District or Columbia be
hereafter presented, itisthe deliberate opinion ofthe House
thnt tbe same ought to be laid on the table, without being
referred or printed.
The question before the House being- Mr.
Wise '^amendment, which he subsequently moved
as an additional resolution to Mr. Jarvis 's—
Mr. PICKENS, who was entitled to the floor,
oontinued his remarks from yesterday. He se-
verely reprobated the writings of Jeremy Bentham,
the denunciations; of O'Connell, and the recent
pamphlet of Dr. Channing.   He referred to the
firoceedings ot the Legislatures of South Caro^
ina, Georgia, and Virginia on the subject of
slavery, and regretted that any southern man
should, be found willing not to meet the question.
As to the constitutional question, he disdained to
discuss it. But while he disdained the discussion
as to the States, he held it right and proper to go
into it, and discuss so far as regarded the District
of Columbia. He then took a review of the
causes which had induced the cession of the Dis-
trict by the States of Maryland and Virginia, and
argued that the grant of exclusive legislation did
not bestow power to interfere on the question of
slavery. It gaye Congress " like authority " to
that which it liad in the States over the fortifica-
tions, arsenals, &c, which Was nothing more
than the power to proteet its property. The very
terms of the clause in the Constitution showed
that no other power was ever intended to be con-'
ferred by the grantors. Again: Congress could
not deprive a citizen of his private property but
under certain limitations prescribed by the Con-
stitution. It had been contended that slaves were
held a$ private property only under the compro-
mises of the Constitution; this was untenable
ground, for this property, as private property,
was anterior to the Constitution itself. He con-
tended that by the bills of right  of both Mary-
land and Virginia, neither of those States could
have granted to Congress the right to abolish
slavery in the ceded territory. To have done so,
would have violated their own constitutions.
Even the slaveholding States themselves could
not doit, under their own constitutions. It could
only be done by each State calling a convention
for this express purpose. No Legislature could
intrude upon the rights of property.
Mr. P. then read portions ofthe act of cession
of Virginia in support of his argument, and re-
plied to that position assumed by a portion of the
Abolitionists of gradual abolition, on the post nota
principle.   He appealed to the gentlemen of the
