130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
the question Mas put, and the House decided by
a Urge ro-ion-v. Aat the words taken down by
Mr MEUCr.R \\e-e not used bv Mr. Al' v.uo.
"  Mi". Y\ HITILESEY i ilhJ loi the orders ot
' 't ><-'Yh UR decid, d the motion out of oider,
the House h iv ins suspended a!! its ml. s to entibie
tiv    i ntl, n^ii fiom Massachusetts to submit his
Mi   AlUM* contipuei
Ui   -VL'-a u- i....... "       He slid  his object
in ultMiiu th rrv ation mis prtftst Iv the same
wi''i that wnull had inducid his  tionoiable mend
from Virgin,a to irterpose this obicciion of mere
foimatitvagainst it; namelv. to ustoie harmony
benvetn all the department of the Government,
not onlv between tie House and the Senate,
but also between oot'i Houses of Congress and
trie e\ecutive departments of the Government;
for if there ever was a time when harmony, per-
fect and complete, betw em the dineient depart-
ments cf fie Government was necessary, now
was the tune. The people ofthe conntiy called
Ioi it—t'ir interests of the nation demanded it.
Mr. A. said tuese were his motives tor offering
the resolu'ion; and hi trusted that, if the House
wou.d indulge him in the appointment of the
c ni'TUtee he demanded, that committee would
hare it in their power to report that all the charges
made against the House were utterly groundless
and unfounded; and believing that that would be
the result of the investigation, he hoped that it
would contribute to restore the harmony which
no longer exists.between the two branches of the
Legislature of the country. The restoration of
harmonv depended upon the vindication of the
honor ofthe House of Representatives at the last
session of Congress; for if that vindication could
not be made complete, there was no prospect of
anv harmony at the present session of Congress,
and especially upon that most impoitant subject,
our foreign relations—the question of peace or
war. The foundation of the resolution offered
was, on his part, entirely defensive; its object was
to vindicate the House of Representatives from
reflections which were entirely undeserved.
Mr A. said, it was difficult for him to recon-
nect together the train of thought, after so much
interruption, which he had wished to present to
the House. He would, however, revert to one or
two points which required notice. Itwasagainst
the introduction of the section appropriating
$3,000,000 for the defense of the country, that
the cry of unconstitutionality, against both the
Executive and House of Representatives, had
been raised. One ofthe great charges was, that
the House of Representatives had inserted that
section without recommendation from the Presi-
dent. That was the great offense on winch was
founded the bursts of indignant eloquence which
would rather see the enemy battering down the
walls of the Capitol than agree to such an appro-
priation for the defense of the country.
Ooserve, sir. once more, the terms, the object,
and the condition of that appropriation. It was
to be expended, in whole or in part, under the
direction ofthe Piesident of the United States—
the executive head ofthe nation, sworn to the
faithful execution of the laws; sworn especially
and intrusted with the superintendence of all the
defenses of the country against the ravages of a
foreign invader; it was to be expended for the
"military and naval service, including fortifica-
tions, and ordnance, and increase of the J\"avy."
These, sir, the natural and appropriate instru-
ments of national defense against a foreign foe,
were the sole and exclusive objects of this appro-
priation. Not one dollar of it could have been
applied to any other purpose by the President
without a violation of his official oath and of his
official trust—not one dollar of it could have been
applied by him to any other purposes without
making himself liable to impeachment; not by
that House of Representatives, but by us, their
successors, fresh from the constituent body, the
people; yet, before thatsame Senate forhisjudges,
a majority of whom were surely not of his friends,
not one dollar of it could he have expended with-
out giving a pubhe account of it to the Repre-
sentatives of the people and the nation. Nor was
this ail. Thus confined to speeific objects, it was
to be expended, not unconditionally, but only in
Iht event that it should be reiulefedfru«>*ssary for
*he defense of the covntry prior to the then next
session of Congress—on interval of nine months—
during w hich no other provision could have been
made to difend v our soil fiom a sudden invasion,
or to piotcct vour commerce floating upon i vtry
bt.ifiom nswt'fiol a possible loval oidinance
of France.
And this is the nppiopnation following close
upon that unanimous vote ot two hunditd and
Severn  i n members of the House, that the execu-
tion of the ticaty of lisol should be maintained
and insisted on. This is the appropriation so
tainted with nian-vvoiship, so conupt, so uncon-
stitutional, that the indignant and patriotic elo-
quence of the National Intelligencer would sooner
see a foreign encmv battering down the walls of
the Capitol thanagiee to it. bir, tor aman utter-
ing such sentiments tlieie would be but one step
more, a naturnl and easy one to take, and that
would be, with the enemv at the walls of the
Capitol, to join him in battering them down.
[Here Mr. A was interrupted by a spontaneous
buist of feeling and applause from members on
the floor. The SpEAktR immediately called to
order. The indiscretion vvas momentary, and the
most respectful silence followed.]
Mr. A. resumed. He hoped he had shown that
the section making the appropriation of three mil-
lions was introduced fiom absolute necessity on
the last day ofthe session, because it was in con-
sequence of the unanimous vote of the day pre-
ceding. Was he now to be told that this and the
other House must not appropriate money unless
by recommendation from the Executive ' Why,
sir, the Executive has told us now, that that ap-
propriation was perfectly in accordance with his
wishes. Yet here the charge is inverted, and un-
constitutional conspiracy and man-worship are
imputed to this House on account of that appro-
priation, because it was approved and desired by
the Executive. Where was the possibility of a
recommendationfrom the Executive; of statements
fiom the departments; of messages between this
and the other House, when the lesolution ofthe
House had been passed but the day before ? That
resolution was itself passed in consequence of a
communication from the Executive, and in fur-
therance ofthe views of that officer. Then why
was the charge of man-worship made > He would
appeal to the House to say whether he was a
worshipper of the present "Executive. He had
voted for that appropriation, and he gloned in the
vote. Was lie chargeable with man-worship
in voting for that appropnation > He liad not
approved the special measures which had been
recommended by the Executive at the commence-
ment of that session of Congress. Neither the
measure ofissuingietters of marque and reprisals,
nor the measures of commercial interdict or re-
striction—neither had that House of Represent-
atives approved them; but the House,and, thank
God! the people of the country, had done homage
to the spirit which had urged to the recommenda-
tion, even of those measures which they did not
approve. He again repeated, why was it that
the House must be chaiged with man-worship
and unconstitutional conspnacy, because they
passed an appropnation of three millions for the
defense of the country, at a time when imminent
danger of war was urged, as lesulting from that
very resolution which, but the night before,
passed by a unanimous vote ' Because, forsooth,
that appropriation had not been called for by the
Executive; and yet, because it was approved by
the Executive.
Sir, there w ere at the last session of Congress
three systems of policy to be pursued with regard
to our then controversy with France, which had
marked the proceedings of the three branches of
our Government, charged with the duties and the
responsibilities of legislation. The system ofthe
Pr< sident was contained in the recommendations
of his annual message. The system of the
Senate is disclosed by their lesolution unani-
mously adopted on the 14th of January, 1834,
in these words, as appears upon their journals:
" Retained, That it u inexpedient at present to adopt
any legislative measure in regard to the state of affair*
between the United States and France."
A resolution not only declining to do that
which the President had recommended to vindi-
cate the rights and the honor ;f the nation, but
positively determining to do nothing—not even
to express a sense of the wrongs which the coun-
tiv vvas enduung from France
Such vvas the system of the Senate. That of
the House was neither exactly that which had
been lerommended by the President, ror yet
that of the Senate. It was a subject of long, of
anxious, and of aident di libeiation and debate
during the last week of the sission.
The than man of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, had rtpoited time usolutions, as
substitutes for which, I had the honor of sub-
muting to the consideration of the House three
others. The minouty ofthe Committee on For-
eign Relations had piesentcd n rfpoit, concluding
with a sentence which, at the suggestion of the
chairman of the committee, I adopted as a mod-
ification of mv first resolution, and which the
chairman of the committee consented to take as
a substitute for the first íeported by him. Tins
sentence, fiom which, with the genetnl assent of
the House, the words "at all hazards" had been
withdrawn, was finally moved by me, and every
member piesent, two ¡mndn d find seventeen in
number, answered at the call of his name, ay.
The resolution was in these vvoids—
" Resolved, That in the opinion of this Hnu«e, the treaty
with France of the 4th of July, 1831, ehould be maintained,
and its execuuon insisted on   '
I then withdrew the second and third of the
resolutions which I had proposed.
The second of the resolutions reported by the
chairman ofthe Committee on Foreign Relations
was that the committee should be discharged from
the further consideration of so much of the Pres-
ident's message as related to commercial restric-
tions, or to reprisals on the commerce of Fiance.
It was unanimously adopted by the House.
The third resolution reported by the chairman
of the committee was—
" Repaired, That contingent preparation ought to be made
to meet any emergency growing out of our relations with
France."'
This was the resolution intended to sustain at
once the spirit of the President's recommendation,
and the sincerity ofthe resolution just adopted by
the House.
But there was only one day left of existence to
the House; and, therefore, no possibility of wait-
ing for a message from the President for estimates
from the War and Navy Department, or for the
slow progress of a bill through all its usual stages
in both Houses of Congress. Such proceedings,
highly proper for the usual and ordinal y expend-
itures of the year, were not only unnecessary,
but would have been,to say the least, uselessfor
an appropriation contingent upon events then
uncertain, and the amount necessary for which
could not, with any approximation to precision,
be estimated or foreseen.
The resolution was laid on the table at the mo-
tion of the chairman of the committee who had
reported it, and who then, in my hearing, and in
the heanng of all in the House who chose to
hear him, gave notice that he should in its stead
move an additional appropriation in the fortifica-
tion bill then before the House. Whether he
named the sum of $3,000,000 as that which he
should propose or not, I do not recollect. Ho
had openly spoke in the Horse before, as con-
templating a larger sum. Considering the contin-
gent and possible danger against which it was to
provide, I thought the sum certainly not too large.
And now, sn, where is all this scaffolding of
indignation and horror at an appropriation for
specific purposes for tlu defense of the country, be-
cause, forsooth, it had not been recommended by
special message from the Executive. Gone, sir!
gone ! You shall look for it, and you shall not
find it. You shall find no more tiace of it than,
m the tales of the National Intelligencer, you
shall find of that vote of 217 yeas—which was the
real voucher for the purity and genuine patriot-
ism of that appropriation of $3,000,000—de-
nounced to the world, by the eloquent oiators of
the senatorial press, as so profligate and corrupt,
that an enemy at the gates of this Capitol could
not have justified a vote in its favor to arrest hia
arm, and stay his hand in the act of battering
down these walls. You shall find no more trace
of it than upon the Journals of the Senate ofthe
'ast session of Congress you shall find of sensi-
