1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
183
to their disagreement. Mr. Cambreleng then |
moved that the House adhere: and on the ques-
tion that the House recede, the yeas were 88,
navs 107—one hundred and ninety-five members
then present. The House then asked a confer-
ence; and Mr. Cambreleng of New York, Mr.
Lewis of Alabama, and Mr. Hubbard of New
Hampshire, were appointed a committee of con-
ference. Here I regret, sir, that the gentleman
from Alabama is sick. Mr. Lewis is not here to
testify, and I am sorry for it. At this point I
beg the House to notice the proceedings as re-
corded on the Journals. A number of enrolled
bills were then reported, and then immediately
passed the Cumberland road bill. And here, let
me add, that,before the vote on the Cumberland
road bill was taken, Mr. Gilmer, of Georgia,
rose in his seat—ho sat near me—took out his
watch, and announcing that the hour of twelve
had arrived, departed from the House. Before
Mr. Gilmer did this, if I recollect right, this
committee of conference had returned.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that the vote on the
Cumberland road bill was taken before the com-
mittee of conference left the House. They re-
mained to vote; and Mr. Hubbard was present
when Mr. Gilmer declined voting.
Mr. "WISE proceeded. It is a strange fact,
then, that the gentleman should have remained
till twelve o'clock before going out to meet the
committee of conference on the part of the Senate.
However, be that as it may, I can testify, Mr.
Speaker, that the vote on the Cumberland road bill
was after twelve o'clock at night. I can testify
that the gentleman whose name reads Churchill
C. Cambreleng, in the lastCongress, is recorded
as voting on that bill, after twelve o'clock at
night.    Mark the fact; I will show it.
Another name I will mention here, and I beg
the House to note that fact also, that reads
Samuel Beardsley, who voted on that bill after
twelve o'clock that night. I beg the House to
remember that fact.
Mr. BEARDSLEY explained. He said it was
true that he voted upon that bill, and it was the
last vote he gave. He should not undertake to
«ay whether the gentleman's time-piece indicated
twelve o'clock or not; but Mr. B's watch did not
at that time. He repeated that that was the last
vote he gave; and shortly after, another question
being presented, he declined voting, because he
was then satisfied that the hour of twelve had
arrived. The gentleman might suppose that the
Cumberland road bill was voted upon after twelve
o'clock. Mr. B. would not say that it was not
so; but this he would say, he had not satisfac-
tory evidence to his mind that the hour of twelve
had arrived. He recollected that Mr. Gilmer
rose and declined voting, alleging that twelve
o'clock had arrived; but it was not surprising
that a diversity of opinion should exist on a few
moments of time. The gentleman from Virginia
might prove that Mr. B. voted after that hour, but
really his mere assertion would hardly establish
the fact.
Mr. "WISE. I will put a question to the gen-
tleman. Did he never vote before after twelve
o'clock at night on the last night of the session'
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he had no recollection
of having ever done so.
Mr. WISE. "Well, I state the fact, or I know
the fact, that Mr. Gilmer, of Georgia, did, before
that bill was announced to the House—and it was
the first notice the House had that twelve o'clock
had arrive J—take his watch from his pocket, and
declare it. I can prove it by a gentleman who
perhaps recollects it, though I have not conversed
with him en the subject; a leading man on that
bill, who sat by me, and held me down, in a good-
natured kind of manner, from making any oppo-
sition to the bill. He, perhaps, may have for-
gotten it, but I remember it well. I intended to
call the attention of the House to the fact that it
was after twelve o'clock, and it struck me that ;
We were defunct.                                                      i
Mr. Speaker, this is not all. Two enrolled bills |
were afterwards reported, and then Mr. Jarvis,
of Maine, moved a resolution to adjourn on ac-
count of the time of night: see page 523 of the
Journal. This, sir, was after Mr. Gilmer had
retired, and after the vote on the Cumberland
road hill, for which Mr. Beardsley voted.
The CHAIR said, if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia referred to members of the last Congress,
who were members of the present, it would be
courteous and proper to refer to the State from
which they came.
Mr. WISE.    I read from the Journals.  Well,
1  beg the attention of the House to that fact, that
Mr. Jarvis, of Maine, moved a resolution to ad-
journ, on account of the time of night, thereby
directly calling the attention of the House to the
fact that the session had expired, that the hour
had come, and that we were dead. The resolu-
tion then came up; and upon a vote, there was
no quorum of a sudden—only one hundred and
thirteen members being present. Still, we find
Mr. Churchill C. Cambreleng still voting.
The CHAIR again interposed, and said, if the
gentleman read from the Journal, it was proper
to use the name of a member; but if not, it was
only in order to refer to the State from whence he
came.
Mr. WISE. Well, I will take the Speaker's
course, and not my own; I will read from the
Journal. The previous question was moved, and
on the question, " Shall the main question be now
put?" there were found 111 in the affirmative and
2 in the negative—being only one hundred and
thirteen, and no quorum. Here, sir, I find the
names of John Quinct Adams and Churchill
C Cambreleng, both voting after twelve o'clock
at night, and after they said the House was de-
funct. Where were their consciences? Where------
The CHAIR said it was not in order to indulge
in personalities, or to refer to the motives of other
members of the House.
Mr. WISE. Why, the gentleman before me
[Mr. Cambreleng] is continually assuring me,
sir, that he does not object to it; and I hope the
Speaker will permit me to proceed. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts has said that gentleman
refused to vote after twelve «'clock on " con-
scientious scruples." I put the question, then,
in a more charitable phrase: where were their
" scruples?" Not only had Mr. Gilmer retired
from the House, but a resolution had been ex-
pressly offered to adjourn, assigning as a reason
that the hour had expired—notice given verbally
and in writing, and the reason of the notice given
before this vote was taken. Mr. Speaker, where
were gentlemen's " scruples" then ?
Then, sir, came a report from the President of
¡ the United States, of bills signed by him.    The
| President, at this  time, was in  the Speaker's
¡ room.  I know the fact, that, after twelve o'clock,
the President was in the Speaker's room, signing
bills, and that bills signed by him did not come in
until after Mr. Gilmer had retired, and after Mr.
Jarvis had offered his resolution.
The CHAIR stated to the gentleman, that, by
the law by which the proceedings of that House
had always been governed, no gentleman address-
ing the Chair could mention a member by name,
but must designate him by his State; and the
gentleman was not in order to do so, unless he
was reading from the Journal.
Mr. WISE.    What name, sir?
The CHAIR.   The name of Mr. Jarvis.
Mr. WISE.    I am reading from the Journal.
The CHAIR said he did not so understand the
gentleman.
Mr. WISE. Why those members were dead
last session of Congress!
The CHAIR said he had made the suggestion
to the gentleman, and it was for the House to
permit it or not.
Mr. MERCER said, if his colleague referred to
members of the last Congress, he must, of neces-
sity, use their names, for he could not otherwise
designate whom he meant.
Mr. WISE. I claim the right to do so, and I
protest against the interruption of the Speaker.
No gentleman can proceed with a train of thought
if he is continually interrupted.
The CHAIR said he had no intention of inter-
rupting the gentleman from Virginia. The gen-
tleman must be aware that the rules were as im-
perative on the presiding officer of the House to
enforce order as on its members.
Mr. WISE. I will then proceed. I say, then,
came a report of bills signed by the President,
after Mr. Gilmer had left his seat, and after the
resolution to adjourn on account of the expira-
tion of the hour had been offered, so that the
House had received double notice. A motion
was then again made by Mr. Jarvis, of Maine,
to adjourn, and, in deciding the question by yeas
and nays, Samuel Beardsley of the last Con-
gress declined voting then for the first time. His
name was passed over, and the yeas were 15, nays
103; Mr. Jarvis, of the last House of Repre-
sentatives, voting in the affirmative, after his
previous announcement that twelve o'clock had
passed, by two separate resolutions to adjourn;
and Churchill C. Cambreleng voting in the
negative against adjournment. All this after
two separate resolutions had been offered to ad-
journ, assigning that the hour had expired, and
after it was notorious that a member had left his
seat for the same reason. Now, sir, gentlemen
may excuse themselves for voting in the affirm-
ative for adjourning, but I am at an utter loss to
see what "conscientious scruples" can justify
their voting in the negative after the House no
longer existed in law, and possessed no legisla-
tive functions or power. Mr. Speaker, I intend
to travel through the whole record, so that the
whole truth may be known, even to the pointing
—ay, to the crossing of the t's, and the dotting of
the i's.
Sir, after this resolution to adjourn failed for
want of a quorum, Mr. William Cost Johnson
made a report from a committee, which was read,
and the Speaker laid before the House various
communications from the Departments, which
were received, and the Postmaster General's let-
ter read in part, and all ordered to be printed.
Every species of legislative functions were per-
formed—every one voting; the Speaker sitting
there, the House sitting here, after the two reso-
lutions had been offered assigning as a reason for
adjourning, and that the hour had expired. Nor
is this all. Mr. White, of Florida, laid an act of
the legislative body of that Territory before the
House, which waslaid on the table; and then came
a message from the Senate, which was read, to
notify the House that the Senate were waiting,
&c. That was as much as to say to the House,
we do not wish this bill to fall, and we call upon
you to vote; we ask you to save the interests of the
country, so far as it regards this bill. I now beg
the attention of the House to this part of the Jour-
nal. A message was received from the Senate
by Mr. Lowrie, their Secretary, as follows:
" Mr. Speaker, I am directed to bring to this House a
resolution, as follows:
" Resolved, That a message be sent to the honorable the
House of Representatives, respectfully to remind the House
I of the report of the committee of conference appointed on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment
I of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
j respecting the fortifications of the United States."
! This resolution having been read the Secretary
withdrew, and Mr. Cambreleng, chairman of
the committee of conference on the part of this
House, then rose and stated that he declined to
make a report. Now, sir, mark the two reasons,
and compare them with the facts on the Journals:
" On the ground that from the vote granting com-
pensation to the Hon. Robert P. Letcher"—he
fixes the time here antecedent to his votes on
other questions—" on the ground that it was as-
certained that a quorum was not present." Why,
sir, were not a quorum present? That is what
I wish to come to. Up to a given mark, up to a
given line, to a particular point, you can trace it;
see from page 174 to page 198 of the Journal.
Why were not a quorum present ? Were mem-
bers not here? Sir, were they not standing in
every direction about the chair, and behind the
pillars? Were there not two or more member 
presentwhentheone hundred and eighteen voted?
We wanted but three more to make a quorum ?
Were there not two gentlemen here, one sitting
before me, who excused himself from voting, ana
another who refused to vote? Sir, were there not
twenty here who could vote as circumstances
happened to please ? Now, this is the truth. They
were here, and they would not vote. Who were
they? I will not be invidious, but read the Jour-
nal for yourself, sir. Look at the names. It was
not this House that was to blame. We were
ready, ay, a majority were ready, to pass that
bill. The House of Representatives did its duty,
in all respects, the last night of that session.
Some, it is true, were sleepy, srome were—I beg
