134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
pardon, 1 was about to say some were drunk;
tut, drunk or sober, they were ready to vote <
and ready to pass that bill, but the chairman of
the committee of conference would not vote, be-
cause there was no quorum. >ow, how did we
know there was no quorum without a call of the
House'
Mr. CAMBRELENG.   I knew it.
Mr WISE. Ves, I know you knew it; but
how l'oii^ did you know it' Where were those
who were ordered to be deficit on that occasion?
Look at the gentleman's other reason. It is
"on the ground that the constitutional term for
which this House was chosen had expired;" and
yet immediately following this, there is the name
of Churchill C.  Címbreleng  voting  in  the
House__even after he had assigned this reason
that the existence of the House was at an end.
Sir, I cannot understand this. The gentleman
cannot explain this.
Mr. CAMBRELENG.   Yes, I will.
Mr. WISE. You will attempt it, but you can-
not explain it.
Well, sir, a motion is then made to adjourn,
and the following is the vote—ayes 35, noes 76;
only one hundred and eleven voting, and still no
quorum. Among the list of negatives, on the
very last night, at the fage end of all the votes, is
found the name of John Qulycy Adams.
Mr. ADAMS begged leave to explain. The
gentleman had referred to his votes. Now, (Mr.
A. said,) he did stay in the House and vote upon
every question till the last. He voted under the
impression, as he thought he had sufficiently ex-
plained that morning, that the power of Congress
continued,under the Constitution, till noon of the
4th of March. He did not concur with those
gentlemen who would not vote after twelve o'clock
that night. He would have stayed and voted till
noon, if the House had so desired it. Therefore
the gentleman would find his name upon every
▼ote of the night of the 3d of March, up to the
very last vote taken.
Mr. WISE. So I understood the gentleman,
and I also understood him then to debate the
question with my colleague as to the hour, and to
entertain the same opinion now as he did then,
and yet the gentleman was found voting against
adjournment, and not for it, although he believed
the constitutional existence of the House had
ceased.
Mr. MERCER said his colleague had totally
misapprehended the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. M. then in substance repeated Mr.
Adams's explanation.]
Mr. WISE.    Then I have misunderstood the
fentleman. I thought he had argued all day to-
ay that the House was defunct at twelve o 'clock
that night. The distance of the gentleman's seat
prevented my hearing him distinctly. Glad I am
to know it is the reverse, for the gentleman's
opinion is one I regard highly on such questions.
But, sir, there was another name that must not
be forgotten by the side of the towering name of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. That name
reads Churchill C. Cambreleng. Nor is this
all, sir. Mr. Francis 0. J. Smith then moved a
message to the Senate, to notify that body that
the House had completed all its business. After
the Senate had sent us a notice to bring to our
notice the fortification bill, and to beg us to act
upon it, Mr. Francis O. J. Smith, one of the
most faithful on the list, moved a message to the
Senate to notify that body that this body had
completed its business. Pending this, and an
amendment assigning the want of a quorum, the
House, on motion by Mr. Mason, of Virginia,
adjourned, without the usual act of courtesy.
Sir, I say it was one of the most disgraceful scenes
I ever witnessed, the adjournment of the last
House of Representatives. It was more like
barbarians and savages than the representatives
of a civilized nation.    Sleepy, tired, drunk------
Mr. BYNUM rose to a question of order. He
would ask whether it was in order for a gentle-
man to rise in his seat, and traduce the House
of Representatives in this way?
Mr. WISE. I do not pretend to say, Mr.
Speaker, that all were drunk, or that one half
were, or one third, or even a fifth,or a tenth, but
I know that some were drunk, and that I was not
•f the number,
Mr. LANE said, he should like to hear their
names.
Mr. WISE.     The gentleman might be un-
happy, sir, if I were to mention names.
To go back a little, sir, after this motion to
adjourn, in which we find the names of the members
I have mentioned, another message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Lowrie, their Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had finished
its legislative business. Now, it is well known,
both hy this House of Representatives and the
last, that I was not an advocate of the Senate; nor
do I now pretend to stand up in this contest
between the Senate and the House; but, sir, I say,
"give the devil his due." Let die truth be told.
The Senate had passed its bills, and had finished
its business; but, when the resolution was offered
by Mr. Smith, of Maine, stating the fact that we
had completed our business, we had not done any
such thing,and had left this very bill unacted upon.
CiirRciiiLL C. C vmbreleng did not report it from
the committee of conferees; and Mr. Lewis had
to report it, long, long after the committee had
returned to the House. The Journal says so.
That gentleman made the report, and it was
entered upon the Journals. I was sitting by, and
knew the fact also; though I cannot exactly ascer-
tain when ho returned to the House. I must say,
that never did I see a gentleman more astonished
than he was when Mr. Churchill C. Cambre-
leng refused to make the report; and Mr. Lewis
was then called upon to make it; and I saw him
rise in his seat, take the report, and hand it to the
Clerk, who has recorded it on the Journals. He
would make the report, though the hour had
passed; and that he did make it, the Journals show.
No quorum! Why do we count the House here
when we arc about to receive the report of a com-
mittee ' Do we set about counting noses before
we receive reports from committees? Sir, there
was a quorum; thuy were in that lobby and in
every direction of the House. I would say, if
there was one, there were one hundred and fifty
members in this Hall when that report was made.
Gentlemen would not vote; they refused to vote;
they knew their meaning and intention; it is not
for me,sir,to divine into thehuman heart. These
are facts.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are other important
facts.   Out with them; come, rise in your high
places all, and tell the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth, here ami elsewhere. There
were two statements; I cannot vouch for them.
They say it failed in this House; that is not true.
It dropped before it got here; it dropped near that
door.    Did no gentleman receive  a billetdoux
after he resumed his seat?    I put it to the honor-
able chairman of that committee of conferees,
when he left that room, did he not intend to make
that report?    I put it to the gentleman, whether,
after he returned to this House,and sal down by
the gentleman from Ohio, side by side, with the
report before him, if he did not then intend to
make that report ?    Why did the intention fail ?
What was in the way?    Sir, there were spirits
haunting   the   Capitol, and   whisperings,   and
ghosts, (as I am told, for I did not see them,)and
blue devils, and imps.    Is it true, sir?    I do not
know it.    I do not say it is true, sir.    Is it true ?
Tell us.    I pause.    Tell us, and let the blame fall
where it will—where it ought.
Mr. CAMBRELENG.   I can tell you.
Mr. WISE.    I shall be glad if you do tell us.
Mr. Speaker, there is another important fact which
! must come out.    Out with all, I say.    Ay, you,
| Mr. Speaker, are concerned in that very inquiry.
i Sir, I voted for this amendment; and I see a gen-
| tleman before me who well knows it, for I believe
( I saw him making "apologies to the table"that
i night, and I have to make some apologies for that
vote too.   But, sir, under the impressions I had
at the time I gave that vote, I would give the same
, vote again, with the same information I then pos-
sessed.  Now, be it known, by the way, that that
gentleman—the gentleman from New York—did
notify the House, and notify me personally, I be-
lieve, one or two days before; I recollect well you
did notify me for one, and asked me to vote for
it.    I told you that, without reference to a state
of war at all, for a peace establishment I would
vote even five or six millions for the Navy and
Army.   I knew a fact in relation to the officers
of the Navy and Army, most disgraceful to those
who have been superintending our affairs, that not
one of Our fortifications, left since the last war,
was in a state of repair. I knew that some twenty
millions had been spent in commenced works—for
not one has been completed—but commenced for
electioneering purposes, or for purposes of patron-
age. I knew that, from Florida to Maine, there
was not one single fort in a condition to mount a
gun upon, and the guns we had were unfit for use.
I knew we had but one ship of the line in commis-
sion. I knew that the inspector of the naval ord-
nance had reported to us that seven hundred and
fifty guns of the Navy were totally unfit for ser-
vice, and were now so on the decks of the ships,
in such a condition that, I am told, even the men
themselves are afraid to use them. I knew, with
all this immense want of appropriation, that three
millions would be but as a drop in the bucket.
Knowing all this, I voted for that amendment;
not with reference to war. It was, sir, but the day
before—ay, but twenty-four hours before—that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
had withdrawn his resolution to make a contin-
gent appropriation for war, after telling us to-day
that the next step of those who voted against that
amendment was to join the enemy. Yes, sir; the
gentleman himself withdrew that resolution, and
on the very next day voted for the three million
appropriation. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cambreleng] also withdrew a similar res-
olution, and himself proposed this appropriation.
Could I then doubt, sir, that these three millions
were not proposed in reference to war? I designed
to vote what a state of peace required—for the
repair of our fortifications and to fix the Navy as it
should be. I voted for the amendment for peace
reasons, and not for war reasons. I thought it
the best way to keep peace to be in a state of
readiness for war, and that it would be no waste
of the public money to appropriate twice the sum
for the fortifications and the navy. For these
reasons I wanted no estimates from the President.
But, sir, there were members in this House who
did vote because the President desired it. There
were some who knew the President desired it, and
had called for it, and some did not. Mr. Speaker,
I charge you with that fact. You may deny it in
your place or not. If you deny it, I am ready with
a witness to prove that on the last night of the last
session of Congress, pending the question of the
three million appropriation,two members of Con-
gress were hesitating about thepropriety of voting
for that appropriation, when one of them proposed
to the other that he would make the inquiry of the
then chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, (the present Speaker,) and you informed
him the President did desire it. [Mr. W. was
understood to read from some written memoranda
he held in his hand.]    Sir, I charge you with being
that member who ------ [Loud cries of "Order!
Order!"]
The CHAIR said,if itwas desired of the pres-
ent incumbent of the Chair to make any statement
of any fact within his knowledge, he was ready
to make it.   [Cries of " No! No !"]
Mr. MERCER said he considered the call upon
the Speaker as such to be out of order; but the
call, with reference to him as a member of the last
Congress, not to be out of order.
Mr. WISE. I make the reference to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means of
the last Congress.
The CHAIR said, if the House wished it, or
would permit him, he would, with pleasure,make
a brief statement. [Cries of " No!" "Agreed!"!
Mr. ADAMS said he wouíd thank the gentle-
man from Virginia to rectify another mistake he
had made with reference to him. The gentleman
had stated that Mr. A. offered aresolution, declar-
ing that means should be made for arming the.
country in a certain contingency.
Mr. WISE.    Yes, I read it from the Journals.
Mr. ADAMS.    I offered no such resolution.
Mr. MERCER said he thought the- Speaker
ought to be allowed to explain; and he hoped the
House would yield its unanimous consent.
Mr. VINTON wished to know if the Speaker
himself desired it; because, if not, he should
object to it.
The CHAIR said he considered the whole pro-
ceeding out of order j but as he had been person-
