1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
ally alluded to, he had not arrested it; and that it
would afford him sincere pleasure, if the House
would permit him, to make a statement
No objection hems; made—
The <«PE\KER (the House having given its
permission, and nnn\ member1' expressing a de
sir thit he should do so) said, that the Cha>r
took ZTLit pleasure in statin? to the House, that
upon that occasion he had feltgreat solicitude for
the safety of the appropriation bills, which had
not been acted on-, perhaps the more solicitude,
from the position he at that time had the honor to
occupy ir the House, as chairman of the Com-
mittee ot Ways and Means—having, as he had,
charge of some of these bills, and feeling that
some responsibility devolved upon him His
attention had been closely directed to them He
did remember, upon that occasion,'when the three
million appropriation was moved, that, in a casual
conversation, two members of the House, two of
his own colleagues from Tennessee, who were
also members of the present House, and who at
that time occupied seats immediately in his íear,
asked him some question in relation to that ap-
propriation, and that he replied that he thought it
a proper appropriation,and one that ought to pass
He had (he said) no recollection of the precise
language he made use of, but he had said, in an-
swer to the inquiry of his colleagues, substantially,
that he thought the appropriation proper, that the
Executive had been consulted, and that it met the
Executive's wishes—or something to that effect
As chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, inquiries had often been made of him in
conversation, by members of the House, in rela-
tion todifferentappropnations, and he had always
given the information in his possession, as he had"
in this instance
The Chair would then state what he had not
perhaps thought it necessary, at that time, to be
stated to the House, and it was this- That he had
conferred with the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and with some of the members
of the different executive branches of the Gov-
ernment, upon the subject of this appropriation
As chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, it was his duty, if a heavy appropriation
was proposed, to ascertain, and to be able to give
the information to the House, if it was required,
whether the Treasury w as in a condition to bear
it He had alwajs felt it to be his duty, whilst I
chairman of that committee, to consult different
members of the executive branches of the Gov-
ernment, when he thought it necessary to obtain
information in regard to all appropriations for the
public serv ice. And when the question was asked
of him by his colleagues, in regard to this appro-
priation, the individual now occupying the chair
had answered, in substance, that he thought the
appropriation altogether proper, and that it met
the approbation of the Executive He did not
remember adding anything of the purport stated
by the gentleman from Virginia, though he may
have done so, and would not say he had not,
though, if he had, it had escaped his recollection.
The Chair would respectfully remark, that he
was really unable to conceive now this could be
a matter of any sort of importance If it had an
important bearing, he was at a loss to perceive it.
The Chair felt a deep sense of obligation to the
House for the opportunity offered him of giving
this brief statement
If the House would permit him, he would add
a single suggestion.    It must be evident that the
debate which had sprung up that day had given
rise to gieat excitement and feeling, and would
require great forbearance, on the part of the House l
and the Chair, to enable him to preserve order
He would repeat to the gentleman from Virginia, I
that in reminding him, a few moments ago, that '
it was against order to refer to honorable mem-
bers of the last Congress who were also members
of the present House, and in their seats, by their
names, it was far from the intention of the Chair
to interfere with any of the rights of the gentle-
man from Virginia, and he would exceedingly
regret to interfere with the rights of any member I
upon the floor.    The Chair thought it out of
order, and supposed such a course of debate, if
suffered to proceed, was likely to produce excite-
ment and collision, and he had therefore wished
to arrest it    He f>lt assured that the gentleman
from Virginia, and every other member, would
see the necessity of such a course, and would
sustain the Chin in Ins efforts to preserve the
order and harmony ot the proceedings of the
Mr LE V, of Tennessee, rose to make an ex-
planation Upon the occasion to which allusion
had been made, he had a conversation with a
colleague who sat near him, [Mr. Bunch,] and
they detei mined to inquire ot their colleague, who
was the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr Polk,] whether he thought it was
a proper appropriation, and whether it was de-
sired by the President' He was inclined to vote
for the appropriation in any event; but in order
more fully to satisfy his own mind on the subject,
and at the suggestion of the colleague to whom
he had referred, he applied to the chairman of
the Committee, of Ways and Means, in order to
ascertain the President's views, and aUo whether,
in the estimation of his colleague, [Mr Polk,] j
the appropriation was proper He was informed,
in reply, that his colleague thought it proper,
and that the appropriation met the approbation of
the President He was under the impression
that his colleague added, that it was not worth
while to say anything about the views of the
President This information formed an additional
reason with his colleague [Mr. Bunch] and him-
self for the vote they gave on that occasion
The statement just made by the Speaker was
substantially correct
Mr. WISE Now, sir, I consider this a most
important fact. Peimit me, however, to say,
before I come upon this fact, that I truly sym-
pathize with the situation of the Chan, foi I know
its difficulties in preserving order, and I shall at
all times be prepared to sustain its efforts to do so.
Mr. Speaker, is not this an impoitant fact'
What, sir, that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means shall come to the seats of mem-
bers in this House, and disclose the fact that the
executive department of the Government wants
$3,000,000, but it is to be kept seciet' Great
God, sir, and this not a matter of importance'
I wish not to come upon this fact till I have a fair
opportunity
The CHAIR said, that he had stated that he
had no recollection of adding, in the conversation
alluded to with his colleague, that nothing was to
be said of his statement in regard to the Execu-
tive's views or wishes in relation to the appropri-
ation It was acasual conversation, and he may
have done so, and it may have escaped lum, but
if he had done so, no inference was to be drawn
fiom it that any intimation or wish had been ex-
pressed to him by any member of the Executive,
that it was the elesiie of the Executive, or any
member of it, that their views or wishes should be
concealed. Such was not the fact, he did not so
understand the Executive And if the remark
was made, it was, probably, from an impression
that it was unnecessaiy to express the wishes of
the Executive to the House.
Mr WISE then rose to proceed, but gave way
to
Mr. PEYTON, on whose motion the House
adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 23, 1835.
Mr JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill making appropriations for
completing vessels of war on the stocks, and re-
pairing and equipping those in ordinary; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of certain
citizens of Arkansas for their improvements,
which were lost in consequence of a treaty with
the Choctaw Indians, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Simon Summers, which was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Pickard; which was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr LEA, of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for
the relief of Richard Martin; which was read
twice and committed
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, Messrs PHILO C TULLER, and
WHITTLESEYjfiomtheCornmittee on Claim ;
Mr BOND, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, and Mi. HOWELL, fiom the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, made unfavor-
able reports upon petitions, which were laid on
the table.
LOSS OF THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, offered on Friday, Jan-
uary 22, by Mr. Adams:
Resohed, That so much of the nwsaje of the President
of the United States to Congress, at the commencement
of tne present session, as relates to the failure, at the last
session ol Congress, of the bill containing the ordinary ap
propmtion for lortihcation* bo referred to a select commit
tee, with instruction5! to inquire into, and repot to the
Hou«e, the causes and circumstances of the failure of that
bill
And the amendment of Mr. Williams , of North
Carolina, giving the select committee power to
send for persons and papers.
Mr WISE concluded his remarks in reply to
Mi Adams, and maintained that the fault of
the loss of the fortification bill was neither with
the House nor the Senate, but with the committee
of conferees on the part of the former.
Mr. W warmly opposed the appointment of
anycommittee of investigation on the subject. As
soon as he had concluded,
Mr CAMBRELENG obtained the floor. Mr.
C. said he had not half as much to say upon this
subject as the gentleman from Virginia, but at
that late hour ot the day he did not feel disposed
to go into an argument upon it. It would take
some time, however, to convince the House and
the country of the extraordinary mistakes that
gentleman had made, and, if the House should
indulge him in the motion to adjourn, he would
take the first opportunity that might be afforded
him to vindicate himself. Not, sir, (said Mr.
C.,) to reply. I shall not try so much to reply
to the gentleman fiom Virginia, as I shall to
reach that gentleman who first began this war
upon me at the close of the last session of Con-
gress What the gentleman from Virginia has
stated is no novelty; because, sir, it has been in
every opposition paper throughout the Union for
more than twelve months, and when that time
arrives, I shall show a document to the gentlemin
from Virginia, published in the city of Philadel-
phia, at the time when an honorable Senator was
in the city of Philadelphia, pronouncing one of
the stories current to be unequivocally false. I
announce thus much, sir, to show the House that
my object is to reach that Senator in the various
attacks he has made, which began here, and weie
afterwards followed up in Philadelphia. I, sir,
shall disguise no fact, nor shrink from any re-
sponsibility. " Let the galled jade wince, my withers
are untorung." Mr. Speaker, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed       _______________________
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 25, 1836.
Mr ROBINSON presented the credentials of
the Hon William D Ewing, elected by the
Legislature of Illinois a Senator of that State, to
supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of the
Hon Eliis K. Kane; and the usual oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States having
been administered to Mr Ewing by the Vice
President, he took his seat in the Senate.
REPORT FROM THE LAND OFFICE.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Treasury Department, covering a report from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 5th instant, and
On motion by Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the re-
port and documents were ordered to be printed.
INVALID NAVY PENSIONERS.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Navy Department, made in pursuance of the
provision in the third section of the act of Con-
gress of July, 1832, showing the names of th«
