136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
invalid pensioners on the Navy pension roll,_ the
sums allowed to each, and the law under which
such pensions have been erantcd; also, a similar
statement respecting pensions granted to widows
of deceased officers and seamen; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial respect-
ing compensations allowed toinspectorsand other
officers of the customs; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition from
a railroad company in the Territory of Florida,
praying permission to locate their road through
the public lands; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. LINN presented two petitions from sun-
dry citizens of Detroit and other parts of Mich-
igan, praying that an appropriation may be made
for the improvement of the harbor of Kalamazoo
river, of Lake Michigan; also, the petition of
sundry citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania,
praying that an appropriation may be made for
the improvement of the harbor of the river St.
Joseph's, of Lake Michigan; all of which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Phineas Meigs, praying to be remunerated for
property destroyed by the enemy during the late
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of George Washington Parke Custis, praying to
be remunerated for damages alleged to be done
his fishing ground, opposite Washington city,
by the operations of the dredging machine em-
ployed by the Corporation of Georgetown, under
authority of an act of Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial from the
Executive of Massachusetts, praying for an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Boston; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HUBBARD presented a memorial from
certain merchants of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, praying indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
sundry merchants ana other citizens of Phila-
delphia, praying for an appropriation for con-
structing anew the piers at Reedy Island, in the
Delaware, and for the building a light-house at
that place; also, for the construction of a light-
house on Brandy wine shoals, in the Delaware;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BUCHANAN also presented the proceed- ¡
ingsof a large and respectable meeting of citizens
of Fayette county, Pennsylvania, held at Con-
nellsville, on the subject of the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia; entering largely into
an argument to show that Congress does not pos-
sess the power, under the Constitution, of eman-
cipating the slaves of said District without the
consent of the owners; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. MOORE presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Alabama, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MOORE also presented the petition of cer-
tain citizens of Alabama, praying that preemption
rights may be granted them on certain fractional
sections of land acquired in the treaty with the
Creek Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the petition
of Cyrus Sibley, of Alabama; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Indian Key, praying that that place
maybe made a port of entry; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred die bill in
addition to the act to regulate the licensing of
vessels employed in the mackerel fisheries, re-
ported the same without amendment.
I Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the memorial
of sundry citizens of Clay county, Missouri,
praying for the removal of the superintendency
of Indian Affairs from St. Louis, made an unfa-
vorable report thereon.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which had been referred the
petition of the representatives of Jacob Hall, made
an unfavorable report thereon.
Mr. W., from the same committee, to which
had been referred the petition of James and Eliz-
abeth Robinson, reported a bill for their relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of the
representatives of Ezekiel Taylor.
Mr. ROBBINS, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced the fol-
lowing joint resolutions; which were severally
read twice and referred:
A joint resolution directing the purchase of a
certain number of copies of a continuation of the
statistical tables of Van Zandt and Watterston,
for the use of the Library of Congress;
A joint resolution authorizing the purchase,for
distribution, of a certain number of copies of the
History of Congress, now preparing by Carey &
Blanchard; and
A joint resolution authorizing the purchase of
copies of Elliot's Diplomatic Code.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TIPTON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
authorizing the Secretary of War to correct cer-
tain errors in the location of certain reservations
of land provided for in the treaty of the Pottawat-
omies; which was read twice and referred.
Mr. BLACK, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
providing for the removal of the Land Office from
Clinton to Jackson, in the State of Mississippi;
which was read twice and referred.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on tlie Tost Office anil Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing the following post route , viz :
From Peru to Wilkinson's settlement on Eel river, thence
by Rochester, Chippewa, and Plymouth, to Laporte ;
From Greenville, Ohio, via Huntington and Turkey Creek
Prairie, to Goshen, Indiana;
,     From Strawtown to Logansport;
1     From Fort Wayne, via Chippewa, Indiana, to Ottawa,
I Illinois;                                                                       ' i
I     From Delphi to Monticello. thence to Laporte;             $
J From Lafayette, via the fiattle-ground, Pleasant Run,
Barnes's, and Georgetown, to Logansport;
From Crawfordsville, via Rob Roy, Attica, Willinmsport,
and Parishi's Grove, to Iroquois, Illinois.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolutions;
which lie on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform the Senate
what number of Indians now occupy the frontier on the
southwest, north, and northeast of the United States, and
what number it is probable will be transferred from the
States and Territories tothe frontiers of the United States.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War also inform the
Senate whether, in his opinion, the present military force
of the United States is sufficient to garrison the fortifica-
tions on the sea-board, and at the same lime give protection
to the inhabitants residing in the States and Territories nor- '
dering on the Indian frontier; if not, what force will, in his
opinion, be necessary to afford such protection.
NOTICE OF A BILL.                          !
Mr. KNIGHT gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to bring in a bill to renew the
patent of Joseph Grant.                                            ¡
DEBASEMENT OF THE GOLD COIN.           ¡
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate took
up the joint resolution directing certain experi-
ments to be made at the United States Mint, under
the direction of Dr. Barton, of Virginia, for the
purpose of ascertaining the practicability of pre-
ventingthe debasement of the gold and silver coins
of the United States.                                                  I
Mr. W. then moved to amend the resolution by
striking out the words " according to the advice, '
and under the direction of Dr. J. D. Barton,"and
inserting the words " with the advice and assist-
ance of Dr. Barton;" whieh amendment was
agreed to, and the resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
BUREAU OF ENGINEER CORPS.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the Senate took
up for consideration the bill providing for the
increase of the corps of the United States engi-
neers; and the same having been read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, was, after a brief explanation from Mr.
Benton, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEERS.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the Senate took up'
for consideration the bill providing for the better
organization of the corps of topographical en-
gineers; and the same having been read the second
time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, was, after a brief explanation from Mr.
Wall, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
PETER H. GREEN.
On motion by Mr. SHEPLEY, the bill for the
relief of Peter H. Green was taken up, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole; and, after
having been explained and advocated by Mr.
Shepley, it was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
NATIONAL  DEFENSE.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the resolution in-
troduced by Mr. Benton for appropriating the
surplus revenue to objects of permanent national
defense, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. SOUTHARD addressed the Senate at
length in opposition to the resolution, and con-
tinued speaking until after three o'clock, when,
without concluding, he gave way to
Mr. DAVIS, on whose motion the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 25, 1836.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. PARKS and SMITH, of Maine;
Messrs. CUSHMAN and BEAN, of New
Hampshire;
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of on«
hundred and seven females, residing in his con-
gressional district, praying the abolition of slavery
and the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND addressed the Chair.
Mr. ADAMS. I claim the floor, and shall not
yield it. I move that the petition be referred to a
select committee, with instructions------
Mr. GLASCOCK hoped that the gentleman
would not------
Mr. ADAMS.   I call to order.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from
Massachusetts was entitled to the floor. The
petition which the gentleman proposed to present
was still in his possession.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the petition be re-
ceived; and was proceeding to discuss the pro-
priety of its reception, when
Mr. HARDIN rose to a question of order. It
was not in order, in his estimation, to discuss the
motion of the gentleman at this time. The order
of business seemed now to be—first, prayers, then
the Journal was read, and afterwards, on almost
every morning, thegentlemanfromMassachusetts
[Mr. Adams] made a speech.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Massachusetts had made a motion to receive a
petition, and was proceeding to discuss that mo-
tion. The Chair had heretofore decided that it
was competent to do so. The gentleman was,
therefore,not out of order.
Mr. CRAIG appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if this appeal was not
identical with the one which was pending on his
motion ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. EVANS asked for the yeas and nays on
the appeal; which were orderea.
The SPEAKER stated the question. The
Chair decided that it was competent, under the
rules, upon a motion to receive a petition to dis-
cuss the propriety of its reception at the time it
was offered—the 45th rule not applying to a peti-
tion not in the possession of the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to postpone the
question of order and the matters connected with
