138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
any petition sent to him for that nurpose from |
citizens of the united States, couched in ^pectful
lan^ua-e.    This he should continue to do, and
helhould not scan very closely the particular
language used by petitioners.
If objection to the reception of these petitions
was placed upon the ground that the language
was disrespectful, as was intimated Dy the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Glvscock,] that objec-
tion should be entered on the Journal. If the
people should be apprised that this was the ob-
jection, there would be petitions enough sent here,
where no objection of this sort could be urged.
Indeed, it would be difficult to use language on
this subject which would be deemed respectful by
slaveholders. Congress had declared the slave
trade, when carried on out of the United States,
piracy. He was opposed to that act, because he
did not think it proper that this traffic without
our boundaries should be called piracy, while there
was no constitutional right to interdict it within our
borders. It was not only not considered piracy,
but it was carried on in sight of the windows of
the Capitol. Mr. A. referred in strong terms to
the evils of the domestic slave trade; and con-
cluded by assuring the House that whatever might
be the character of the resolutions which might
be passed, if it should be declared that Congress
did not possess the power under the Constitution
to abolish slavery and the slave trade, he should
still feel it to be his duty to present every petition
on the subject which might come to his hands,
upon the fundamental principle that the House
had no right to take away or abridge the consti-
tutional right of petition.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said he should
make no such promises as were made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, to trouble the House
a few moments, and make a speech of half an
hour. He wished to make a single remark or
two, however they might be spun out. The gen-
tleman said he saw, in the motion made by him
(Mr. M.) the other day, to postpone the consider-
ation of the question of order, " a eat in a meal
tub," and he saw a great many things besides.
Mr. M. said, so far as he himself was concerned,
he could assure the gentleman that on his (Mr.
M. 's) part, and so far as he knew the opinions of
his colleagues, there was no indisposition what-
ever on their part to meet that question distinctly
and fairly, as well as every other appertaining to
this subject, and to give their votes and opinions,
not only to that House, but to the country. He
well remembered, that at the commencement of
the session the gentleman from Massachusetts
most distinctly, and with great emphasis, declared
that every speech made in that House would be,
to all intents and purposes, an abolition pamphlet
to be sent into the southern States. The gentle-
man had also professed tobe opposed to that por-
tion of his constituents who desired to agitate this
subject; and yet the gentleman himself had taken
occasion, upon every petition he brought there
upon this subject, to append an abolition speech
to it. Mr. M. left it to tlie gentleman himseif, to
that House, and to his constituents to decide how
far the remarks of the gentleman, at that early
day of the session, were consistent with the gen-
tleman's subsequent course. Why, this matter
might be carried on to an indefinite extent. The
gentleman had seen the disposition manifested on
every occasion; he had seen the votes in regard
to laying the motion to receive on the table; he
had seen the action of the House, not only by
ayes and noes, but by all its various forms. Mr.
M. would, therefore, add his simple, his most
humble request, to the gentleman that he would
not be quite so zealous to perform the duties he
felt so constitutionally incumbent upon him on
every Monday morning, until either the House
should manifest a disposition to " dodge the ques-
tion," or to decide and vote upon it.
As to the right of petition, Mr. M. agreed, in
general, with the venerable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. He should vote, whenever called
upon to vote there, to sustain that constitutional
right. Mr. M. had no disguises on that subject.
He had never voted against that right, and never
should. But why bring this subject, here every
day, every hour, after the decisions that had been
given there again and again ? Was not the gentle-
man satisfied ? Had not the votes of that morning
satisfied him ?   He trusted it was not necer3ary i I
to reiterate those decisions.                                       i
Mr. ADAMS said, as the gentleman's discourse
appeared to have been addressed to him, he would
not trouble the House with any reply.
Mr. TURRILL moved to lay the preliminary
motion on receiving on the table; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CUSHING said, he was charged with
three petitions of a similar character, from sundry
citizens of Massachusetts; and moved the pre-
liminary question upon one of them, that the pe-
tition be received. Mr. C. was proceeding to
state the contents of the petition, and to eulogize
the subscribers to it, when
Mr. HOWARD raised the question of order,
whether the motion could be debated.
The SPEAKER said, by the decision of the
House, it could; but he would put the question
whether its acceptance was objected to.
Mr. HAMMOND objected.
Mr. CUSHING then proceeded briefly to con-
tend for the right of petition, and referred to his
own course on the subject, which had always been
in opposition to the designs of the Abolitionists.
He condemned the resolutions of Mr.  Jarvis, j
with the amendments both of Messrs. Glascock i
and Wise, and said he should give his opinions I
at length when the subject came up fully for con- i
sideration.
Mr. HAMMOND briefly replied, and main-
tained that the discussion and excitement were
kept up by, as well as originated with, those who
presented petitions of this character.
Mr. HOWARD moved to lay the preliminary
motion, on the reception of the petition, on the
table; which was agreed to.                                      i
Mr. CUSHING then presented another peti- ¡
tion, of a similar character, from citizens of Mas- [
sachusetts.                                                                    i
Mr. HAMMOND objected to receiving the
' petition.
Mr. CUSHING then argued at length in sup-
port of the right of petition.   He traced the exist-
ence of that right from the times of the Saxons
down to the present day, and that the right was
brought over by the first pilgrims to this country;
and also quoted various extracts from the debates
and proceedings on the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, and since, so far as related to this right and
the present question involved in it.    Mr. C. was
in favor of referring all petitions to a committee;
and contended that the preliminary question of
receiving petitions was, or ought to be, subse- J
quent to that of their consideration.    He would I
I be regulated in his future course by the course of !
the House.
j     Mr. GARLAND replied to Mr. Gushing, and
i maintained that the right of petition to Congress
was limited only to a redress of grievances, and
I of such grievances as were within the constitu-
I tional authority of Congress.    Could the people
j of Massachusetts petition for a change in the do-
mestic government or institutions of Virginia? '
Certainly not—no more than France or England
could.   These petitioners from Massachusetts had '
no grievances from slavery, for theirs was a free I
State.    Mr. G. then reviewed the clause in the ¡
Constitution of the United States giving Congress J
¡ exclusive legislation, and contended that it did not Í
embrace entire legislation; and illustrated it also I
by reference to tlie acts of cession.                           I
Mr. G. moved to lay the preliminary motion of '
reception on the table.                                                i
Before the question was taken, at the request '
of Mr. HAMMOND, who expressed a wish to '
address the- House on the subject, Mr. G. with- '
drew it; and, on motion by Mr. H.,                       I
The House adjourned.                                           I
IN SENATE.                               !
Tuesday, January 26, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a letter from the <
Hon. Lucius Lton, one of the Senators elect
j   from Michigan, inclosing a memorial from the I
Legislature of that State on the subject of her
admission into the Union.                                         !
Mr. HENDRICKS moved to lay the memorial I,
on the table; but subsequently, on the suggestion ''
of Mr. King, of Alabama, withdrew the "motion, j1
and moved that the Senate take the former course !'
that had been taken by the House of Represent- '
atives in reference to a similar memorial from the
same State; that is—
Resolved, That the memorial be referred to the select
committee appointed to consider the President's mescage
on the subject of the admission of Michigan into the Union,
and question as to boundary in dispute between Ohio; and
that this paper shall be considered in no other light than
as a memorial coming from individual citizens of Michigan.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, suggested the giving
the memorial the same direction that had been
given to a memorial having reference to the ad-
mission of Michigan into the Union in the other
House. He would refer it to the committee ap-
pointed to consider the President's message on
the same subject, and the question of boundary
between the State of Ohio and Michigan. This
direction would not commit theSenate, and would
allow to the memorialists an opportunity, to which
they were undoubtedly entitled, of being heard.
Mr. HENDRICv vould be the last to oppose
the giving a heari. • ■ he memorialists; but cer-
tainly the Senate h ' Jt progressed so far as to
be prepared*to rec ' a communication from
Michigan as a State. If she wished to become a
State, she ought to proceed in the constitutional
manner that other States had done.
Mr. TIPTON said he was extremely unwilling
that it should be supposed he was capable of
taking any course denying the right of the people
of Michigan to approach either branch of the
National Legislature by petition or remonstrance.
He hoped he had shown sufficiently, on a former
occasion, to the satisfaction of the Senate, that,
under the present form of her constitution, assum-
ing a boundary she was not entitled to, Michigan
could not rightfully be admitted into the Union.
His colleague and himself could not admit that
she was,a State under present circumstances,
claiming, as she did, a portion of their State. On
that occasion the subject was referred to a com-
mittee, and he and his colleague were content to
wait until they heard that committee's report,
before acting further on the subject. While the
matter remained in this situation, it was unne-
cessary as well as vexatious to be receiving peti-
tions and discussing them. He was anxious to
hear the report of the select committee, from
which the Senate might make up a correct decis-
ion on this delicate question.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, was not disposed to
interfere unnecessarily in this matter, but as one
of the Senators of the United States he felt it to
be his duty to endeavor to give such a direction
to the memorial as would enable those who framed
it to present their views to the Senate, and, at the
same time, enable Senators to examine carefully
and deliberately their claims, without committing
themselves. He would therefore prefer that the
course taken by the House of Representatives
should be followed on this occasion. He should
like to know why the gentlemen from Indiana
were opposed to giving the memorial this direc-
tion. If they were in favor of the admission of
Michigan into the Union, on the condition that
she made the proper change in her constitution
respecting boundary, why not refer the memorial
to the committee, who would report distinctly
what it would be necessary for Michigan to do?
The subject was already before the committee,
and to enable them to have the whole subject be-
fore them they ought also to have this memorial.
They could not ask for it, nor act on it, without
the order of the Senate. The committee would
act and report, at all events, and the gentlemen,
by refusing the reference of this memorial, would
not prevent the subject of the admission of Mich-
igan from being discussed at this session. It
was customary to refer memorials of this nature
to the Committee on the Judiciary; but as there
had been a select committee constituted to con-
sider the President's message on this subject and
the disputed boundary question, and as Michigan
had, since the appointment of the committee,
given her views more at large in the document
just read, it would be more appropriate to refer
it to the same committee, in order that they might
have the whole subject before them. He wanted
a report at length, after a full and fair investiga-
tion by the committee, that Senators, having such
a report on their tables, might carefully examine
it, and come to a direct decision.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, observed that the ob-
jections of the Senators from Indiana were not
