140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
a State, or to do any act recognizing heras such, I
without reference to the boundaries of Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois, would create a great deal of
unnecessary excitement. On the other hand, it
was just and right that everything said by this
people, as a people, should be heard. Let the
memorial, therefore, (said Mr. C ,) go to a com-
mittee, to consider the subject calmly and deliber-
ately, and to report all the facts necessary for the
information of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS did not feel any great anxiety
about this matter. He had understood, till the
Senator from South Carolina arose, that no ob-
jection had been made to receiving the memorial,
and that it was already in the possession of the
Senate. His worthy friend from Ohio [Mr. Ew-
ing] asked whether he would receive a petition
from the Emperor of Japan. That question he was
not called on to answer, because the gentleman
went further, and said that when petitions were
presented, the inquiry was not made whether the
petitioner had correctly designated himself as a
manufacturer or a ship-owner, but whether he
was a citizen of the United States. Now, did not
this settle the very question before the Senate ?
Were not these memorialists citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and falling within the description of
those entitled to petition Congress given by the
gentleman from Ohio ? While up, he would ask
of the Senators from Indiana whether it was
more profitable to have the inquiry then made
whether Michigan was a State, or to have the
same inquiry made by a committee ? This seemed
to be a mere question of expediency. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina had stated the true ques-
tion, which was, whether the petition should be
received or not. That question had been settled;
and it was too late then to raise it, and it would
be inexpedient to do so.
Mr. RUGÓLES moved a division of the ques-
tion, on Mr. Hendricks's motion, so as to take
it first on the reference, without the accompany-
ing qualification.
Mr. CLAYTON said, the effect of a division
of the question would be to make those who were
anxious to give Michigan & hearing vote against
the reference altogether, under the apprehension
that the qualification declaring that the Senate did
not receive the memorial as one coming from a
State might not be carried. Now the proposi-
tion made by the Senator from Indiana was one
that would give to the memorialists a full and fair
hearing, without committing any Senator who
voted for it.
Mr. LEIGH said, if the call for a division was
insisted upon, it would place the Senators in the
position mentioned by the gentleman from Del-
aware, [Mr. Ciayton;] and he hoped the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Rcggles] would not insist
upon it. He suggested to the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Ruggi.es] that he could get at his
object by moving to strike out the qualification
in the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. RUGGLES. If the petition was con-
sidered by this body as coming from individuals
simply, the objection would seem to be obviated
as to its reception. He was not prepared to say
these individuals were the representatives of
Michigan State, or whatever name it was called
by—they called themselves a Legislature. 11 was
immaterial to him by what named they were called,
as regarded this petition. Were the Senate au-
thorized to say, we shall not hear them as a
people ? If they had called themselves a conven-
tion of the people of Michigan, would the question
arise whether we should receive their memorial?
We do not make the inquiry (said Mr. R.) when
the proceedings of an assembly, calling them-
selves a convention, are presented to us, whether
they are what they import to be or not.
Mr. NILES said, that the object, as he appre-
hended, was to ask an expression of the Senate,
that the organization of Michigan was improper
and unlawful. H« was not prepared to do so.
They did not claim to be a State—they came for
the consent of Congress to become a State. [Mr.
Clayton here rose to correct the misapprehen-
sion of the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Niles,
and said they claimed the Territory as a State.]
Mr. N. understood it. The only question was,
whether the Senate should enter into a preliminary
measure.    Did the Constitution provide any par-
ticular mode for that? No. They were bound
—it was their duty to receive new States under
the proper restrictions. They could not have
Federal rights without the consent of Congress
They must have their constitution framed, and
submit it to Congress, to see that it was republi-
can, and not incompatible with our Government.
He was willing to let them take what preliminary
steps now they pleased, and when the question
of their rights came before the Senate, they would
take care that there was no violation of the rights
or principles of the Government of the Union.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay the memorial
on the table, in order to take up the unfinished
business of yesterday. It was half past one
o'clock, he said, and the Senator from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Southard] was expected to go on with
his remarks.
This motion was decided in the negative.
Mr. RUGGLES wished to say one word before
the question on his motion was taken. By
making the declaration he proposed to strike out,
the Senate would be committed on one important
point. The question of the admission of Mich-
igan as a State was before a committee, and it
was not known what their report would be. If
they reported to-morrow that Michigan is to be
admitted into the Union on certain conditions,
then the question would arise, " Had she asked
for admission?" If the Senate declared that this
paper was the act of individuals only—that those
who called themselves the Legislature of Michi-
gan were not authorized to speak for her—then
the Senate committed themselves; and if they
received a report from their committee to-morrow,
they could not say that Michigan had asked to be
admitted into the Union, for they would have
declared that those who presented this memorial
were not a public body, and had no authority
from Michigan to ask for her admission into the
Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS said, that a disposition had
been imputed to him on this occasion to exclude
the memorial altogether, but that nothing could
be further from his purpose; and if this had been
inferred from his motion, in the first instance, to
lay it, for the time being, on the table, he had
been wholly misunderstood. A memorial had
been presented by the President of the Senate,
purporting to be a memorial from the Senate and
House of Representatives of the State of Michi-
gan. Its contents were very partially known.
So much of it, however, had been read by the
Secretary as informed us that it was a paper
taking ground upon the ordinance of 1787, and
claiming for Michigan the right of admission into
the Union as a sovereign and independent State.
He had felt it his duty to resist this pretension;
and denying that any such case existed; denying
j that Michigan was, or ought to be, considered a
i1 sovereign and independent State, he had moved
that the memorial, for the time being, be laid upon
the table. This motion had been made, that time
might be afforded to look into the disposition that
had been made elsewhere of a similar memorial.
The discussion that had ensued had given time
to turn to our files, and he then had before him a
document which showed what had been done
with the same memorial, as he believed, in the
House of Representatives. He wished the thing
to take the same course here; and, when up be-
fore, had withdrawn the proposition to lay on the
table, and offered the proposition which had been
read at the Secretary's table. He had not the
remotest wish to exclude the document referred
to, but he was anxious that, in referring it to a
committee, no sanction should be given to the
character it assumed for the people of Michigan.
He contended that in no sense of the word could
they be considered a State. The laws of Con-
gress for the government of Michigan Territory
were in full force; and the Senate, in another ca-
pacity, had before them a proposition looking
to the due extension of the laws of the United
States in and over that Territory. The charac-
ter in which the people of Michigan represented
themselves in this memorial seemed to have been
misapprehended by some Senators who had fa-
vored the Senate with their views. They seem
to understand the people of Michigan as asking
permission to become a State, but the memorial
affirmed the fact that they were already in the
enjoyment of a State government, and, in that
capacity, it asked that they might be received
into the Union.
The Senator from Massachusetts (said Mr.
H.) thinks it an unimportant fact what character
a petitioner assumes when he comes upon this
floor. He says that a man representing himself
to be a ship-owner in his petition will not be
inquired of whether he be a ship-owner or not;
that the Senate will pass this by as immaterial,
and only inquire into the prayer of his petition.
But suppose the prayer of his petition to be that
Congress, for some important purpose connected
with the interest of this Government, should
recognize his character as ship-owner, would not
this then be the very fact to be inquired into? If
so, this is the very case before us. It is, that
Michigan may be recognized with her Senate and
House of Representatives, and in the capacity of
a sovereign and independent State. It is for this
purpose that she presents herself here. She asks
to be admitted into the Union, and the first and
most important inquiry is, is she a State ? And
if she be a State, under all the circumstances in
which she presents herself, boundaries and all,
there would probably be no hesitation in the
mind of any Senator about her admission into the
Union. Her character, then, State or no State,
was the point in controversy. The right of
petition (Mr. H. said) had very little to do with
the present case. Every citizen of Michigan had
a right to petition, and the people of Michigan
Territory had, unquestionably, this right in their
proper character, or in almost any other char-
acter that did not array itself against the laws
and authority of the United States.
But the people of Michigan, in presenting their
Senate and House of Representad' es as the legis-
lative power existing there, showed that they had
trampled upon and violated the laws of the Uni-
ted States, establishing a territorial government
in Michigan. These laws were or ought to be
in full force there, but by the character and posi-
tion assumed they had set up a government
antagonist to that of the United States. If, before
they had put their government in motion, they
had presented themselves here,and asked admis-
sion into the Union, the matter of boundary out of
the question, there would have been no difficulty
in the case; and if they wished now to become
a member of the Union, and are content to come
in at the right door, it is probable they will have
no difficulty. Let them ask Congress, as they did
two years ago, to pass a law authorizing them to
form for themselves a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and designating proper boundaries; or
let them amend their present constitution, adopt-
ing proper boundaries, and their admission will
be almost a matter of course. And this (said Mr.
H.) is, in my opinion, the easiest and speediest
mode of getting into the Union they can adopt.
This is the first time (said Mr. H.) that the
Senate has been asked to receive any paper recog-
nizing them as a State, for,although their consti-
tution, and perhaps other documents, have been
received and referred to the select committee, they
came as accompaniments to the President's mes-
sage , which being referred, they were also referred
as part of it. Before he resumed his seat, he
would put a question to the Senator from Maine,
who had asked a division of the question about
to be propounded to the Senate. The purpose,
however, of asking for a division had for the
present been abandoned, and the Senator from
Maine had moved to strike out that part of the
proposition which asserts "that the Senate re-
gard the memorial in no other light than as the
voluntary act of individuals." This motion had
doubtless for its object the reception of the me-
morial, and the rejection of the declaration with
which it is accompanied. If it be the object, on
the failure of this motion, to renew the call for a
division of the question, the proposition being
my own, (said Mr. H.,) it is in my power so to
modify it, as to avert the result wished for by the
Senator from Maine.                             &.
Here Mr. RUGGLES rewtóíed, that it was
not his intention to renew his call for a division
of the question, and that he would be satisfied
with the decision of the Senate on his motion to
strike out.
On taking the question, the motion of Mr.
