1836.                               THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 141
RrccLE? was lost—yeas 12, nays 30; as fol-
lows:
YEAP—MefsT . Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cntbbert,
Gmndv. Hill. Hubbard, Miles. Ruggles, Shenley, Tallmadge,
anil Wall—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis,
E« ingof Ohio, Ewmg of Illinoi.-, Goldsbornugh, Hendricks,
Kent, Kins ol Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean,
Mansum. Moore, Morn-, Naudain, I'orter, Prentiss. Bob-
bins, ilobiiteon, Southard, Sw lft, Tipton, Tomlinsoo, Tyler,
Wcl^icr, and White—30.
Mr. Hesdrtck's motion was then adopted,
and the memorial was accordingly referred to the
select committee appointed on the same subject.
Mr. Benton's resolution on the subject of the
appropriation of the surplus revenue was then
taken up as the unfinished business; and
Mr. SOUTHARD, after descanting upon the
tenor of the resolution offered, said there was an
avowed object in this resolution, and that was, to
counteract two great objects; one brought before
the Senate by "the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay,] for the disposition of a portion of
the surplus revenue; and the other by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhocn,] for
th«  appropriation of the whole of the balance of
it. These two objects were to be met and defeated,
right or wrong, by this resolution; and he could
not come into the measure. He objected to it
from the motives avowed in the arguments of its
supporters, that they should have war, and that
the Senate was guilty of being the cause of our
state of unprepared ness.
The foundation on which the resolution was
offered was, that we should hare a war with
France. He was incapable of anticipating what
would be theresultofour negotiations with France.
It might be that a war was approaching, and if it
did come, it would show that the power of the
Executive had been strong enough to force the
country into it. The framers of the Constitution
had seen how war had been incurred elsewhere,
and had wisely conferred the power to declare
war on Congress alone. He would not say now
whether war was right or wrong. But he would
say that the violence of one man, and the pelu-
lence of another, met on one side by mistaken
notions of national honor, was the cause to which
it Should be attributed. He hoped war would not '
come. He knew the result if it did. He knew
modern France. If it did come, oceans of blood
would be shed; and if it did come,it was the fault ,
of one man, and I (said Mr. S.) would not have I
the guilt of it for all the crowns and honors of the
world. The condition of our Army and Navy
was as well known in France as here. [Here Mr.
S. adverted to the defenseless condition of our ,
Navy, and enumerated the number and character
of the United States vessels in the East Indies,
Brazil, West Indies, &c] Are we (said Mr. S.)
prepared, then, for a war? No, sir. Does not
France know it' Yes, as well as we do. Look
(said he) at the Delaware, without a single fort!
Look at Key West! The enemy (said he) can
sail directly into the gulf there, and from thence
can reach, without notice, any pointon the coast.
I yield (said he) to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] that we are not prepared. And
whose fault was it? It was for those in power
for the last seven years to answer.
But we are told (said Mr. S.) that the Senate,
at the last session, refused an appropriation of
03,000,000, and defeated appropriations to other
objects. That appropriation could not have been
used in a war, unless it depended on the Execu-
tive will, and not on the will of Congress, to
declare it. Count up the expense of a war,
(said he,) leaving out of the account the suffer- '
ings of the country, and fifty millions would not
pay it. Who was it offered the stock of the
United States for sale? Was it offered in order
to let France know that we would not suffer by
burdens and taxes if we went into a war with
her?                                                                           ¡
I know (said Mr. S.) the way was prepared
for this war upon the Senate.   The accusation
was made from the highest human source—the
Executive of a free people; and when he has |
declared o purpose, that purpose will be followed
out by others, because they think as he does.  He i
spoke for himself.  They made no charge against ,
the President; the charge was made by him against
the Senate, and they were put upon their defense;
and to-day (said Mr. S.) I will make mine. He
referred to a resolution offered last year, request-
ing information from the President relative to the
revenue, fortifications, &c, to be laid before Con-
gress at the next session. These (said Mr. S.)
are the precursors of the present resolution, and
the treatment of them the first item of accusation.
They were solely a matter of inquiry, and ex-
pressed no opinion. How, then, could the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] draw from
them the inference he had drawn?
The resolution calling for this information from
the President was, on motion by Mr. Poindex-
ter, ordered to lie on the table, and had never
afterwards been called up.
The next item was the loss of the half million
appropriation. The chairman of the Committee
, on Military Affairs, who is not strongly suspected
1 of being in favor of the Administration, moved,
himself, as an amendment, an appropriation of
half a million. He put it to the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] if, when a member of a
majority of this body offers a resolution, and it
is laid on the table, and not called up, whether
that should be made ground of attack. The loss
of a necessary appropriation, whether from party
servility or party hostility, was a source of grief.
This matter had assumed an important character,
because the Chief Magistrate had made it the basis
of an accusation against the Senate, and the people
of the country might say the Senate were not
willing to make provision for their defense. He
was willing to abide the result, lot the criminality
be with the one or the other.
Reprisals had been recommended as a measure
of peace, and the message recom mending it closed
with submitting the measure to the wisdom of
Congress. There was no statement of facts or es-
timates that looked to the approach of war, and it
was not regarded as preparatory to war, by friend
or foe. And it was too late to turn round, now to
give it that bearing. If reprisals had been made,
we would have been involved in a war with France.
And what would your musty law books say
then about reprisals being a peaceful remedy?
Long before the three million appropriation had
come up, a resolution had been passed unani-
mously, declaring that it was inexpedient to adopt
any legislative measures in regard to our affairs
, with France; and in the House of Representa-
tives the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations moved to lay it on the table in confirm-
ation of the expression of the Senate that any-
thing more than peace appropriations were neces-
sary. This discretionary plan, which would have
put it into the power of the Executive to have us
in a war, was taken out of his hands.
I He called for the attention of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hubbard,] who was then
a member of the House of Representatives. The
estimate sent by the Executive last year recom-
mended $439,000 for defense. Did he do his
duty ? If he did, then that sum was all that was
required. It was the duty of the President to
give an estimate, and if, in view of a war, this
was all that he thought necessary, he was false
to Congress and to the country to report that
amount to carry us through the war. When
these documents had been some time in the hands
of the committee in the House of Representatives,
of which the present Speaker was chairman, the
President sent a message to Congress, showing
the condition of our affairs with France. On the
2d of January, 1835, the chairman of that com-
mittee made a report to the House of Represent-
atives of the precise amount recommended by the
President.
They had had the annual and special message
before them, and the committee reported $439,000
as all that was necessary to the defense of the
nation.
During the administration of Mr. Adams, the
average of the annual appropriations for this
purpose was $762,000; year before last, for that
single year, under this Administration, the amount
of the appropriation was #890,000. How did it
happen that last year (said Mr. S.) only half that
amount was appropriated, and then turn round,
and ask the Senate, why its unwillingness to
make preparation for the defense of the country ?
Why were the friends of the Administration sat-
isfied with that appropriation of 1439,000 ?   On
the 15th of January, when the bill was _ under
consideration in the House of Representatives, a
proposition was made by Mr. Everett to amend
it by adding $67,000, and by other gentlemen,
by adding appropriations to FortMcHenry, Fort
Marion, and Throg's Neck, which were all nega-
tived by the friends of the Administration, among
whom he found the names of Mr. Cambreleng,
Mr. Hubbard, &c. If the Senate had passed
that amendment, the fortifications would have
been left as they are now. After it came from
the House of Representatives, the Senate added
#75,000 for Castle Island, §125,000 for the de-
fense of Maryland, #80,000 for Fort Delaware,
$75,000 for Fort Mifflin, and to other objects,
$100,000; doubling (said he) the amount recom-
mended by the President.
They had put these appropriations in against
the executive will, against the executive recom-
mendation, and still they were charged with a.
want of fidelity to the country.
In the House of Representatives, when they
had a large and manageable majority in favor of
the Administration, they had the bill in their
power, and suffered it to lie until the 3d of March,
before it was ever touched. Mr. S. referred the
Senate to the Journal, for the action of the House
upon the different Senate amendments.
The House of Representatives had introduced
a new section, appropriating $3,000,000, which
was added to a bill about which there was no dis-
pute; and the adding of that section (said he)
was the cause of the failure of that bill. Congress
had been in session three months, and this three
million appropriation had never been thought of
till eight o'clock in the evening of the 3d March.
In the Senate it created profound astonishment,
and was resisted, and he was one that resisted it.
He felt deep indignation, and in a short expres-
sion of his feelings he put himself upon that rejec-
tion, and if history put him upon it he was willing
to stand there. He regarded it as opposed to the
whole spirit <íí the Constitution, which did not
mean to put money at the discretion of the Pres-
ident. It was against the doctrine contained in
the message of Mr. Jefferson in 1804.    Give that
1 treasury (said he) to Andrew Jackson, or any
other man in his place, and the use of it may end
,  in the loss of our liberties.
'I We have not angels in the garb of men. The
power of war and peace is with us, and when we
give such discretion we surrender it.   If that se 
l tion had passed, the blood of American citizens
would now be flowing in conflict with France.
|¡ It would  have vested dictatorial power in the
i j hands of the President. The language by which
the dictator of Rome was created was (literally
I translated) to see " that the Republic suffered no
injury." He was not prepared then, and was not
prepared now, to repose that confidence in the
President; his history had failed to inspire him
l with it.    It had been said there was some recom-
| mendation for this appropriation in our eontro-
\ versy with France.
Mr. S. read the instructions to Mr. Livingston,
j and referred to the special message of the Pres-
. ident, from which nothing could be inferred of a
hostile character in our relations with France.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions in the House of Representatives, it was
said, had given notice that when the bill for for-
tifications came up he would move this three mil-
lion appropriation as an amendment. This was
an extraordinary mode of giving notice. He did
not often search the columns of the Globe for the
proceedings of the House of Representatives, and
did not expect to find much there to gratify him;
and on the 2d of March, when they were over-
whelmed in business, they had not time to examine
the columns of the Globe for debates.    For one,
! he did not choose to accept such notice. The
notice was, that he would move #1,000,000 for
fortifications, and #2,000,000 for the Navy. If
that notice of the form of the amendment had been
carried out, it would have been in accordance with
the Constitution. But the amendment offered was
not like it. If it was known that it was the wish
of the President it should pass, it was by com-
municating it to confidential members; and if he
did so it was a base shrinking from a faithful dis-
charge of his duty. In the House of Represent-
atives, when a resolution was offered by the Com-
