1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
short time, unless the Indians were repressed. I
Under these circumstances he hoped there would I
be no opposition to the amendment. He believed
it proposed the best and most efficient means of
putting an tnd to a war which had already caused
a erreat saci lfu e of lives, both of officers and men,
on thi ir m irch from Tampa Bay to join General
Clim h Mi W had himself reef ived letters
from offict rs at Tampa Bay, stating that the
attack was madr* by no less a force than eight
hundred Indians
Mi HUNTSMAN was for receiving volun-
teers as well as regulars, and spoke of the advant-
ages of that description of troops over persons
enlisted His ow n county would raise five hun-
dred men
Mr HARDIN offered a proviso authorizing
the Piesident of the United States to disband the
force at an earlier period than twelve months, in
case their sen ices should be no longer required
Mr. WILLIAMS, ot North Carolina, moved
to add the woid "required " to the amendment,
which Mr  HARDIN accepted as a modification
Mr. ADAMS opposed the modification as an
unprecedented requisition upon the Executive.
Mr. VANDERPOEL begged to inquire if the
amendment of the gentleman from Florida had
the consent of the Secretary of War '
Mr. WHITE believed it would have, and
pledged himself to withdraw it when the bill came
into the House, if it had not.
Messrs ASHLEY, RIPLEY, and UNDER-
WOOD, opposed the amendment, and, after a
few words in its fav or by Mr GLASCOCK, Mr.
WHITE withdrew it
Mr SHIELDS then moved an amendment
authorizing the President of the United States to
accept the services of one thousand volunteers,
foi the period of nine months, which, after some
remarks from Messrs SHIELDS, CAVE JOHN-
SON, CRAIG, and WHITE, of Florida, was
negatived
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
without amendment to the House; and it was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill having been engrossed, was then read
a third time and passed
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the United States for the year 1836, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr PARKS, ironi the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, repoited a bill for the íelief of Henry
Wheaton   which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill amendatory of the several
acts establishing and regulating the Treasury,
War, and Navy Departments; which was read
twice and committed.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr WHITE, of Florida, by consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was agreed
to
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of organizing a regí
ment of mounted riflemen or dragoon , to operate againvt
the Indians, if, in the opinion of the Pre«ideut, the public
service requires k
Mr. RIPLEY asked the consent of the House
to submit a resolution of a similar character.
Mr. GRIFFIN moved an adjournment, which
was carried, and at five o'clock, p. m., the House
adjourned
IN SENATE.
Wednisdat, January 27, 1836.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Franklin, their Clerk,
stating that the House had passed a bill making
an additional appropriation to repress hostilities
commenced by the Seminóles, and asking the
concurrence of the Senate therein.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the bill was
read the first time, and referred to the Committee
on Finance
CLERKS IN GENERAL POST OFFICE.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
General  Post Office  Department, showing the
number of clerks employed by that Department,
and the salaries paid to each; and
On motion by Mr GRUNDY, it was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented the memorial
of the Mad river and Lake Erie Railroad Com-
pany, praying preemption rights of public lands
over which the road passes, which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of Illinois, praying to be remu-
nerated for lands claimed by them, which have
been sold by the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
deploring the loss of propei ty in the city of New
York by a recent fire as a national calamity that
must be felt in every poition of the Union, and as
a measure of relief praying Congress to create two
hundred millions of dollars of five per cent, stock
to be divided among the several States, Territo-
ries, and District of Columbia, and that the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands be pledged
for the payment of the interest and gradual re-
demption of the same; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Missouri, praying for the establish-
ment of post routes, also a petition from sundry
citizens of Michigan on the same subject, both of
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. L also presented the petition of sundiy
shipowners and masters of vessels, navigating
Lake Michigan, praying that an appropriation
may be made for the building of piers and the
construction of a light-house at the mouth of
Grand river, of Lake Michigan, which was refer- ¡
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. L also presented the petition of Alexander
McMillan, and the petition of Brevet Major Wil-
liam T Cobb, the fiist of which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and the latter to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr TYLER presented the petition of Abra-
ham Van Bibber, administrator of Isaac Garret-
son, deceased, praying that an act may be passed
for the settlement of the accounts of the deceased,
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petitions of the heirs of Captain Jo-
seph Blackwell, deceased; the heirs of Enoch R.
Withers, dectased, the heirs of Doctor William
Ramsey, deceased, severally praying for the com-
mutation of half pay due their ancestors; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of the hens of Samuel Jones, deceased, which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Massachusetts, engaged in the manu- ,
facture of cordage, remonstrating against any
diminution of the duty on foreign articles; which
was referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. LEIGH presented the petition of the heirs
of Samuel Claggett, praying to be allowed the
commutation of half pay to which their deceased
ancestor was entitled, which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Delaware, praying that New Cas-
tle may be made a port of entry; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mi BROWN, the petition of
Lieutenant James Parkinson, presented at the last
session, was again referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Washington, North Carolina,
praying that an appropriation may be made for
the removal of the obstructions in the Pamlico
river.                                                                          ,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented certain res-
olutions of the Legislature of" Florida, praying for
an appropriation lor alight-house at St. Joseph's
point, that St. Joseph's may be made a port of
entry; and that a survey may be made of the
harbor of St. Joseph's; also praying for the
establishment of certain post routes; which were
appropriately referred.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of the
Mississippi and Missouri Railroad Company,
asking a giant of land and the right of way
through the public lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON presented tne memorial of
William Thorp; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred the petition
of Charles J. Catlett, reported a bill for his relief;
which was lead, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SWIFT, fiom the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the petition of Martin
Pi indie, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr SHEPLEY, fiom the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which had been referred
the petition of Theodore W. Morris, reported a
bill for his relief; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of John
Kurtz and others.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the select committee to
which had been referred the memorial of Dr.
| Boyd Reilley, reported a bill granting him $10,000
for the right to use his improvement for the ap-
plication of steam to the human body in the hos-
pitals of the United States; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill for the relief of
Robert Abbott, and the other heirs of James
Abbott, without amendment
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, to which had been referred the resolu-
tion in i elation to such duties as might be reduced
without injury to the manufacturers, reported a
bill reducing the duties on a number of articles
therein named; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been referred the
bill to extend the charters of certain banks in
the District of Columbia, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr GOLDSBOROUGH, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill provid-
ing for the payment of a company of Vermont
militia, who served at the battle of Plattsburgh;
also, a bill to increase the salary of the pnncipal
clerk in the office of the Adjutant General; which
were severally read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which had been referred the
petition of Arthur B ron son, reported a bill for
ins relief, which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. KNIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill to
renew the patent of Joseph Giant; which was
read twice and referred.
RESOLUTIONS  SUBMITTED.
Mr BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies oa the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of abolish-
ing lotterv drawing  and the sale of lottery tickets in the
District of Columbia
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Retailed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of refunding to Ebe
nezer Spauldmg the sum of thirty dollar-., paid bj him into
the Treasury for a patent, which patent has never been
issued.
Mr. SWIFT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the purpose of deepening the channel between the
islands of North and South Hero, in Lake Champlam, agree-
ably to an estimate contained in a survey of said channel,
as appears by the report of the Secretary of War, referred
to said commute ,
