144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
Mr TOMLINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
,oVnqu rf.nto the exped.ency of making an W^  
for the approvement of Bridgeport harbor, u. the State of
Connecticut.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extinguishing the
Indian mle to the land  lying north of the Wisconsin, and
the reservation on Iowa nver in Des Moines county, all in
Michigan Territory.
PROCEEDS OF SALES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which had been referred the
bill to appropriate for a limited time the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands among the
States, and for other purposes, reported the same
with amendments, which were read; and
On motion of Mr. CLAY, five thousand extra
copies of the report were ordered to be printed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which had been referred the bill that
came this morning from the House, making addi-
tional appropriations to repress hostilities com-
menced by the Seminóles, reported the same with-
out amendment, and expressed the hope that the
bill would, by general consent, be carried through
its different stages and passed to-day.
Mr. CLAY observed, that as the war had com-
menced, it was no doubt the duty of Congress to
do all in their power to put an end to it. But it
was not the least extraordinary of the events,
marking the present times, that a war should have
been raging in one of the Territories for near two
months without any information as to the cause
of it having been communicated to Congress by
the Executive, and without any information on
the subject having been sought by either branch
of the National Legislature. He would be glad
if the chairman of the Committee on Finance, or
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
would give him such information as they might
possess on the subject.
Mr. WEBSTER was surprised that no official
communication had been made before this from
the Secretary of War. All he had heard upon
the subject was from the gazettes of that part of
the country which was the seat of the war. He
had inferred that the cause of hostilities had
Srown out of the undertaking to remove the In-
ians.   The forces for such an enemy he thought
a very considerable force.
Mr. WHITE was very sorry it was not in his
power, as chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to answer the inquiry of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.] The committee
had had no communication directly or indirectly
upon the subject from any quarter. He had
heard of these Indian hostilities, but had been
under the impression that they had grown out of
the removal of them.
Mr. BENTON observed that he had received
no communication from any source by which he
could make known to the Senate anything in re-
lation to the late disturbances in Florida; but
some years ago he was a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and as such it became
his duty to be informed of the situation-of the
Florida Indians. In the course of that duty it
had been communicated to the committee that
these Indians were in a state of starvation; that
their country would afford no game; that they
would not work, and must starve unless they
were fed where they were by the Government, or
kept themselves alive by plundering the inhabit-
ants of the Territory. Under the pressure of
these circumstances, appropriations had been
made by Congress of large sums—say something
like JJ30.000 or more—just to keep them from
dying of hunger or plundering the inhabitants to
get something to eat. These Indians had a bad
character, as their name implied. Seminole, in
the Indian tongue, meant wild Indian, runaway
Indian, or what the Indians themselves called
"bad fellows." He was in the Committee on
Indian Affairs when appropriations were made in
two or three instances, just to keep these Indians
from starvation. The policy of removing them
was so obvious, that measures were adopted to
induce them to go beyond the Mississippi, to a
country where they could find game to subsist
on; and treaties for that purpose had been made
with them two or three years ago; but when
the time came round that they were to go, in
pursuance of the treaty, they would, instead of
going, shoot the chiefs who were to be their
leaders. This, he understood, had lately been
done, and from this shooting of chiefs broke out
those disorders which have been carried to the
extent of a serious disturbance.
He saw, from the letter of Major Belton, who
made a report to the War Department from in-
formation derived from three of the soldiers who
escaped the late massacre, that the most active,
the most ferocious, the most cruel and unrelent-
ing of those engaged in the massacre were the
runaway negroes of the South. He had also seen
a letter from Lieutenant Grayson, of the Army,
published at New Orleans, confirming this state-
ment; and one account stated that, after the field
of battle was covered with the dead and dying,
it was the business of these negroes to hunt for
those who yet breathed, forthe purpose of cutting
their throats. He did not wish to go further; but
he would remind the Senate that, two or three
weeks ago, when he spoke upon the abolition
petitions, he had remarked, and he would now
repeat the sentiment, that what had lately re-
sulted from the movements of the Abolitionists
had brought upon themselves a load of guilt and
sin, in causing many slaves and some white men
to lose their lives in the South, for which they
could never atone, although the whole remainder
of their lives should be spent in prayers of con-
trition and works of retribution. As great as that
mass of guilt and sin was, there might yet be
another mass to account for, compared to which
what now existed was as a drop to the ocean, and
as a grain of sand to the mountain. He would
say no more, for he had nothing but the public
fact to go upon, that southern runaway negroes
were among the hostile Indians, and the most
active, cruel, and relentless of those engaged in
the massacres.
The bill was then read the third time and
passed.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
which was Mr. Benton's resolution for the ap-
propriation of the surplus revenue to objects of
national defense.
Mr. WHITE said an amendment had been
offered that so much should be set apart as would
be necessary for the defense of the country.  Not
being able to comprehend the meaning perhaps,
the difficulty, in his mind, was increased by the
amendment.    Under it they could proceed  to
appropriate every dollar in the Treasury to other
objects than those contemplated in the resolution.
Who was to be the judge how much was neces-
sary?   It might be the means of inducing the
public to believe that large funds were set apart
for this great object, when, in fact, there might
not be any.    When the information sought for
on that subject was received from the Depart-
ments by the Senate, they would be able to come
to some definite conclusion, and could act more
understandingly.   For one, he was willing, if we
were to have a war with France, to vote for any
additional sum for the purpose of putting in a
state of defense the present or any additional
fortifications that may be deemed necessary, and
to make liberal appropriations to arm these fortifi-
cations after they were put into a suitable state
of defense.  And I am willing, also, if necessary,
(said he,) to vote an increase of the Army—willing
to go to any reasonable extent in making appro-
priations for the Army and Navy.   For one, I
think, (said Mr. W.,) on so great a question the \
Executive will have no objection to come out and ¡
put us in possession of the necessary information, '
and the proper recommendation as to what prep- '
arations will be necessary.    It was his duty to '
acquire the necessary information, and lay it be- !
fore Congress.  Whenever we are told in a proper '
way (said he) that the attitude of the country is
likely to be changed, he was prepared to meet
the emergency promptly.  For one, he would use
every means in his power to avoid that great
calamity; but if it must come, I will (said he) go
for my country against every other—would even
waive my own opinion as to the propriety of the
cause of the war.
There are circumstances in which, although
the President cannot declare war, it may yet be
necessary to sustain the interest and the honor
of the country. If we were told that it must
come, for one he was ready and willing to meet
the crisis, whatever it might bo. He hoped and
believed we would have no war; and that these
threatening clouds would disappear. The hon-
orable mover of this resolution had given it a
retrospective influence upon the last session. He
had said there was a prospect of war, and that a
fleet of observation of France was approaching
our coast; that we were in an unprepared state;
and that the Senate had defeated the $3,000,000
appropriation, which was the cause of the de-
fenseless state of the country. I was one (said
he) who voted against that appropriation; and I
do not feel as if I am answerable, or as if those
who voted with me are answerable, for the de-
fenseless condition of the country. As to the fleet
of observation, there was no certainty about its
object. The French fleet, with that long sword,
could not awe him into a vote. I do not (said
he) take upon myself to show that A, B, or C
has neglected his duty, it was enough for his pur-
pose to establish his own innocence. He might
plead a former acquittal in bar, as far as he was
concerned. He had been tried on this very ques-
tion by those who had a right to try him, and he
was acquitted by their unanimous verdict.
But, notwithstanding his acquittal, he was dis-
posed to waive his plea in bar, and meet the ques-
tion on its merits. The Executive had recom-
mended $439,000, and the Senate had added
$420,000 more. If the House of Representatives
had, agreed to these amendments, a bill would
have passed appropriating $859,000 to be placed
at the disposal of the Executive, to be applied to
the several objects embraced in it. The House
of Representatives, in place of agreeing to this
amendment, proposed to amend that amendment
by a new section appropriating $3,000,000, to be
applied to the Army and Navy, with a proviso
to expend the whole or in part at discretion. We
were called upon at eight o'clock to act upon it.
For one, he declared, in the presence of this assem-
bly and his God, he never was more surprised
than on this occasion. He voted against it. He
had not the most distant opinion as to who offered
it. He believed, then, that the House, having
the matter under their serious consideration, the
moment they knew we disagreed to it, would
at once recede. He felt a most anxious desire
then, and he hoped he always would feel, to do
all in his power to assist the Government in the
discharge of its duties. He was deceived in his
anticipations of what the House would do, and
I was called upon the second time to vote. I con-
i eluded (said he) the Executive had not asked this
appropriation, and that he did not need it, and 1
i so expressed myself. He was then honestly a
friend to the Administration, whatever might be
charged to him now; spoke of the influence that
would have been exerted to induce the Executive
to expend the $3,000,000 if it had passed. The
whole influence of the Army and Navy would
have been brought to bear on the President, to
induce him to expend the whole amount. The
President would conclude, that if he resisted their
importunities, and the country be involved in a
war, he would have to bear the responsibility.
And suppose we should then have had no war,
(said Mr. W.,) and he had expended it, then
these same individuals would be the first to cast
the blame upon him. He did not converse upon
this subject with any person that evening; and
except with his colleague behind that colonade,
who said I had put the matter in a new light to
him, I had no conversation with a single individ-
ual on the subject.
The gentleman from New Hampshire the other
day adverted to the publication of debates in
the newspaper in the interest of the Administra-
tion, in which a member of the House had given
notice of his intention to move this appropriation.
If I wished to know, (said he,) whether a fact
was true or not true, that newspaper (the Globe)
would be the very last place on God's earth to
which I would go to ascertain it. He then re-
ferred to the transactions in the House, to show
that, if the fact was known to a few that the Pres-
ident wished it, yet it was a matter to be kept
