1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
sidcration for fift v -two days, and yet the Senate |
is reproached vutii not passing it, with an unpre-
cedented ami rdment aHached to it, on the last
n'ght ot the ti <->-ion He hoped, in conclusion,
the n eliminating debate might begot th ough
wi'h, and tint they might proceed to business,
tike up the appropriation bills, matuiclj. weigh
a> d discuss fhM i, and pass "¡uth ab the exigen-
cias of the times drmanded
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE.
Thirsdky, January 28, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a letter from the
Secretai y of War, inclosing a report of the chief
engineer on the subject of the removal of obstruc-
tions in the Ohio river below Shrppingsport, made
in compliance with the resolution of the Senate
of the ¿1st instai't; also, a report from the same
officer, on the sub|ect of constructing  mole near
Cape Henlopen, for the protection of the Dela-
ware bieakwater, made in answer toa resolution
of the Senate
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of citi
zens of Philadelphia, setting forth the commercial
impoitance of erecting piers in the river Delaware
at or near the mouth of the Delaware and Chesa-
peake canal, and praying Congress to mike an
appiopiiation to that object; vihich was referred
to the Committee on Commerce
Mr TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Captain Fiancis Alkn, which was referred to the
Committee on Claims
Petitions were al^opresentedbv Messrs CRIT-
TENDEN and WHITE
SLA\ EftY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr SWIFT rose and said, he had had in his
possession for some days a petition to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia. He was re-
luctant to add to tlie excitement already existing
on the subject, but having waited for some day*,
and no final action having been witnessed on the
petition relative to the same subji ct piesenud by
the Senator from Pennsj lv ama, [Mr Been ina\,]
he did not feel himself at libeitj to delay the pre
3entation of this petition any longer. He-was the
more induced to present this petition at once, in
consequence of the motion made by the gent e-
man fiom Pennsylvania at the time he piesented
the petition from the people of his State, to ic]ect
it, inasmuch as such a course would 1 ot beagiee-
able to those whose petition he was now about to
present. It was a matter of p< 1 feet indiffeience
to them whether the motion of the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania, or that of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhouv,] should pievail.foi they
considued the rejection of a petition in the same
light as a refusal to ícceive it There appeared
to be no diffcicace whatever between the (wo
courses Tlie r ght of petition was of no value
unless the petition w*s refened and the reason-
ableness of the prayer investigated by a commit-
tee. With this preface, he would say one or t  o
words in refeienee to the petition itself, and then
ask for the reading of it, that gentlemen, after
hearing it read, might have an opportunity of
taking whatcoui^e they pleased with legard to it
The petitioners believed that Congress had the
power over this subject, they believed also that
Congress not only had the power, but that it
ought to exercise it, or to pass some law by vv Inch
the evils of slavery in this District might be
mitigated The language of the petitioners was
strong—very much so, But he believed they used
such language no further than they conceived
themselves justified in using by the evils which
they sought to remedy. They did not speak in
disrespectful terms towards Congress, nor did
they attempt to interfere with slaveiy elsewhere
than in this Distuct. They did not know how
to present the subject on which they treated other-
wise than by speaking of evils as they existed,
and they presented it as it was presented to the
Legislatures of the non-slaveholding States at the
time slavery was abolished in them The peti-
tioners believed that, from the relation in which
this Distuct stood to the Union, they were in
some measure implicated by the continuance of
slaveiy in it, and that the Government might be
charged with being slaveholders    He did not
mean to discuss the question, vvhethei slavery
eught to be abolished hi re or not, but, in pre-
senting the petition, -um/ilv to discharge his duty
to his constituents, but he would heie remark,
that it appeal t d to him, that w hile gentlemen from
the slaveliolding States deprecated excittment,
they were taking an unwise course to avoid it by
refusing to give the petitioners a fair hearing
These i^etitioners had an undoubted right to pre-
sent then petitions here, but they did not desire
to do so if Congress refused to listen to them or
rejected them instantly without 1 proper mvesti-
gition. They would speak as long as they had
a hope of being heard, and there was no power
on earth that would prevent the people of the
North fiom claiming the right of petition and the
freedom of speech. Petitions of this kind had
usually been sert to a committee, with a view to
a fair investigation and repoit, and he thought
that this course was not only the most proper,
but one that would be satisf ictory
He would now tell the Senate who these peti-
tioners were Gentlemen were mistaken if they
supposed them to be such as petitioners foi the
same ol ject had lately been designated on that
floor They were neither fanatics or incendiaries,
u'iless they might be deemed so fiom the fact of
their petitioning for the abohtio n of slav ei v. The y
vveie as respectable a body of men as any in the
Union, and were opposea to some of the meas-
ures of the Abo'itionists They felt, it was tiue,
a deep interest in the subject they presented to the
consideration of Congress, but to charge them
with being incendiaries or fanatics was very little
calculated to allay the excitement of vv Inch gen-
tle men complained The people of the Ne>rth
ueie not disposed to interfere with the institutions
of the &lavc holding States, but where they thought
they had the right to interfere, they would not be
prevented fiom ¡>o doing by being termed fanatics
01 incendiaries
He (Mi. S ) gave no opinion as to the views
of these petitnns, nor as to those of the pi titions
presented by the gentlemen from Ohio and Penn-
sylva 11a, [Mr. Morris and Mr. Buchw vn ] Of
the language in w Inch t'ie petition was couched
gentle men might judge for themselv cs He would
only add that the peticionéis requested a special
committee, but this he d d not for himself think
it nccessaiy to ask, deeming a reference to the
oidmary committee all suflicient
Mi S then presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Vermont, praying for the abolition
ef slavery in the Distuct of Columbia, which he
icquestetl might be read
Mi KING, of Alabama, said, that before the
reading of the petition, he di sired to know of the
gentleman who presented K, if it was en"iely re-
spectful to that body5 Pailiamentaiy usage le-
quned that, before a gentleman pie sented a peti-
tion or paper of any kind to a deliberative body,
he should satisfy himself that it contained nothing
disrespectful to those to whom it was addiessed
Mr C\LHOCJN desned to know if the lan-
guage of the petition w as respectful to those who
had sent them there. He therefore wished to
hoar the petition read
Here tlie petition was read by the Secretary.
Mr CALHOUN demanded the preliminary
question on receiving the petition The Senator
fiom Vermont (he said) objected to the calling
these petitioners incendiaries, and yet (said Mr
C ) he does not object to the language used by
them towards those who sent us here
Mr SWIFT had only said that gentlemen
could judge of the language of the petition for
themselves. The petitioneis, he had said, were
entirely respectable, were influenced by the
purest motives, and believed themselves justified
in speaking of evils as they supposed them to
exist.
Mr. CALHOUN cared not what their motives
! were—he cared not whether they acted from igno-
rance or design—he only judged of the effect
Those persons who presented this petition knew
I  of the existence of the southern institutions, and
yet they spoke of them as unjust, wicked, and
diabolical.    Whatever might be the design of
Jicse  men, the course they were pursuing was
calculated to destroy this Union and subvei t its
J institutions     He did not mean to enter into any
I  argument with the gentleman from Vermont, but
he demanded the preliminary question; and on it
he asked for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays weie accordingly oidered.
Mi BUCHANAN was not only willing but
anxious that a question should be distinctly taken
before the Senate ef the United States, and, as far
as it was 111 his power to put it at rest, he was pre-
pared to go It would seem that on one moimrg
the Senate were to have a dish of Mr Bevtov's
lesolutions served up, and the next morning the
abolition question He hoped they would dis-
pose of one thing at a time, and would, therefore,
move to lay the question on the table He made
this motion with a view that it might be called
up hereafter, when the Senate were prepaied to
make a final disposition of it.
Mr. LEIGH read parts of the petition, from
which be inferred that there was a design in the
petitioners to act not only upon the lights of the
people of the District of Columbia, but upon the
lights of the slaveholding States generally, as it
argued generally against slaveholders.
Mr SWIFT said it was difficult to find expres-
sions 111 any memorial to which some exception
might not be taken. Let me (said he) dlustrate
this by calling the attention of gentlemen to
anothei question. Suppose a petition presented
there to prohibit the sale of lottery tickets in this
District, calling the practice immoral gambling,
&c , would gentlemen consider this language im-
proper, because the sale of lottery tick3ts was
tolerated elsewhere' This case was peifectly
similar to the one treated of in the petition he had
just presented
Aftei some additional remaiks from Mr. CAL-
HOUN,
Mr BUCHANAN moved to lay the question
on the table, and it was agreed to
RESOLUTIONS OF GEORGIV LEGISLATURE.
Mi KING, of Georgia, presented certain res-
olutions of the Legislature of Geoigia, asking for
the establishment of cei tain post íoiites, which
wa? referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from tlie Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to compensate John
Howard Kyan, of England, for the right to use
his invention to prevent the dry rot in vessels of
the United States; which was read, and ordered
i to a second reading.
Mr. WEBSTER, fiom the Commttee on Fi-
I nance, reported a bill for the relief of------Wain-
right, which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. CLAY, under the instructions of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which lies on the table one
day.
I     Resolved, That the President be requested to rooinum-
cate to the Senate, if tlie> be at hi  command, copies ot the
expose which accompanied the Trench bill of nidtmiiity
)   troui the Chamber m Deputies to the Chamber of Peer 
of Trance, on the 27th of April, 183 , and of the report of
the committee presented to tlie Chamber of Peers on the
, 5ih ot June, 183o, and, also, a copy of the original note in
I the Trench language from the Due de Broglie to Mr Carton,
I under date the 26th of October, 1835,1 translation of which
I was communicated to Congress with the President's special
message ot tlie 18th of Januarv, 1838
{     Re olicd, also. That tlie President be requested (if not
' incompatible with the public intercut'.) to communicate to
the Senate a copy ot a note, if there be one, from Mr Liv-
ingston to the French Minister of Foreign Allans, under
I date the 27th of April, 183j, and copies oi anyother official
note addressed by Mr   Livingston, during his mis ion to
France, either to the French Minuter of Foreign Affair ,
I or to the Secretary of State, not heretofore communicated
to Congress
I    Mr. PRENTISS submitted the following res-
| olutioa; which lies over one day:
I Rtsoiiti, That the Committee on Pen*ion= bs instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing td Jonathan
Elkius an increase of lb* pension lie now receives, in con-
sideration of his servues and his lmpriionnient by tlie
enemy in the revolutionary war
i     Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee
' on Foreign Relations, to which was reined the
resolutions of the Legislature of Louisiana en
the subject, reported a bill for the settlement of
1 the claims of sundry citizens of that State against
the Spanish Government, which was read, and
ordered to a second leading, and the report ac-
companying the bill was, on motion by Mr.
1  Porter, ordered to be printed.
