150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,'
heard on the subject.     Some day or two after '
th:s, when the business in charge of the indefat-
igable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Whittlesey]
was the order of the day, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means gets up to make
an explanation in reply to an attack made upon
him in a paragraph in the Telegraph; and after
doiil"- this, the gentleman seemed to throw out an
intimation that it was tobe followed up by an
inquiry into the loss of this three million appro-
priation and the fortification bill.     In an instant
up rose the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. '
Adams,] and took the floor with the resolution
now before «the House.    Mr  H. would nM say
there was any understanding between those two
gentlemen, by no means, for he was not author-
ized to say so, but it did seem to him that the
circumstance looked that way. All the business,
then, was to stand still; the Navy appropriation
bill was to stand still; the New York fire Dili was
to stand still for this.   He did not know what to
call it; he h">á heard of Government inquisitions
and instructions, but he scarcely knew what to
call this.   Well, all business was stopped for
that.   They were every day informed—he could
not tell how much was in the information—that
France was arming and sending a large fleet; and
they all knew—for it was a matter of fact that the
Indians and runaways in Florida were at that
moment desolating that Territory—one little army
had  been cut to pieces, another was gone, the
women and children were falling victims to the
tomahawk, and whole countries, as  it   were,
swept from the face of the earth.    Just at the
very time all those things were going on what
did they hear.    Motion after motion was made
every morning, for what purpose?   To dispense
with the rules of the House and take up the time
of the House, that the great war minister of the
nation should deliver them a lecture upon ancient
history!   He would declare that it presented the
most ridiculous spectacle he ever saw.    How-
ever, he had no hand in any business before the
House, having a very humble and very obscure
part te> perform, and he therefore felt no share of
responsibility at the course that body had taken.
They had heard a speech from the gentleman
from Massachusetts last Friday of great anima-
tion, and, in the opinion of some, of great abil-
ity, for it was cheered and huzzaed in the House,
a "thing never known in any parliamentary body,
except in the bloody days of the French conven-
tion.   Well, after that gentleman sat down, Mr.
H.'s friend from Virginia [Mr. Wise] got the
'floor,and addressed the House something like an
hour on Friday, and about two hours and a half
on Saturday.     It gave Mr H. pleasure to say
that the gentleman acquitted himself well, both as
to ability and industry, in developing and inquir-
ing into this subject; but his efforts deserved
still higher compliment.    It showed in these
degenerate days a bold and noble daring.    Such
men were rare; and when he saw the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cam'breleng] get up, and
after a few remarks move an adjournment, he
•intimated clearly what would happen at some
future day; and he intimated at the same time
that the gentleman from Virginia would receive
scarcely a passing notice.   He seemed to con-
sider that the member from Virginia was a cham-
pion unworthy of esteem, and also intimating
that he had higher game elsewhere.     On yester-
day what did they hear?   He liad expected to
hear  something like Jupiter thundering from
Olympus; but instead of that it was the misera-
ble squeaking of a jew'sharp.
Mr. H. said he was little acquainted with par-
liamentary rules; for, though he had been in Con-
gress, ofF and on, for nearly twenty years, and
-in legislative bodies for nearly twenty-five years,
he had never had any aspirations for the Chair;
buthe Would appealto every member of the House,
he would appeal to the father of the House,
whether they ever saw anything like the present
resolution? What did it propose? Nothing upon
which that House—nothing upon which the Sen-
ate—nothing upon which any of the Departments
could act. It was an idle; a ridiculous inquiry,
why and wherefore the fortification bill did not pass
,at the last" session of Congress. Were articles of
■'impeachnientproposed against the members of the
*tastCcffl£rt:s8, or against the Senate?   No.   Was
any action of Congress proposed to grow out of ]
it? No. Such a proceeding seemed to him tobe .
a nondescript, the like of which was not to be
found " in the heavens above, nor :n the earth
beneath, nor in the waters under the earth;"
never. It might answer the objects of those who
; had their cue. What use could there be in rais-
i ing a committee, when no act of legislation of
any kind could grow out of it? As the inquiry
was then before the House, and as gentlemen
who had preceded him, had been indulged with
a certain latitude, he must be pardoned in en-
deavoring to follow them a little through the
mazes of their arguments. Mr. H. happened
to have the good or ill fortune to be there on the
occasion referred to, from the opening to the last
scene.
Now let him inquire how, and in what manner,
the three million appropriation came up. Had
the President of the United States sent a message
to Congress, informing them that he wanted to
make war preparations against France? Had the
war officer of the Government, the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Navy, sent a commu-
nication to the Senate upon the subject? No.
Had they any intimation, in any form or shape,
on this subject? Not any. A bill had been
I brought into that House at the commencement
of the session, and, according to the computation
of the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
had been before the House some fifty-two or
fifty-three days. Well, it was sent to the Senate,
and they added something like one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars to the bill. It had origin-
ally passed the House with perhaps four hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars of appropriation,
and something like one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars in addition. Now, whenever the
House had agreed to the Senate's amendment,
the bill was that moment a law, as soon as the
President of the United States had signed it. The
House then concurred in that amendment, with
an additional one, on the last day of the session,
of three millions more. This was done in the
latter part of the last day of the session. Did any
I member of that House officially—no, nor secretly,
j] either to him, for he never knew it, nor ever
! j heard of it until it was offered—say the Secretary
i of War or the Secretary of the Navy wanted it?
Let him ask them, was it a thing remarkable,
and one deserving the denunciation of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, because they were
ignorant, in the dark, and uninformed of the sub-
ject, that they did not think proper to rote for it?
Certainly not. They were not in the Cabinet
secret. They did not know the President wanted
them to assume the responsibility.
The bill of indictment framed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts had two or three counts.  One
was against the Senate, another against the mem-
11 bers of the House who voted against the bill—
though the count against the Senate was rather
narrowed down against a prominent candidate for
i the presidential chair.    The count against Mr.
H., for he was included in it as voting against
I the bill, he would endeavor to answer.   He voted
I against the $3,000,000 appropriation because he
J was uninformed upon it; that was one reason.
¡ He voted against it, also, because from his soul
| ha believed it, from its general character, to be
¡ unconstitutional.   It conflicted with thatclatise of
¡ the Constitution providing that no money should
| be drawn from the public Treasury unless oppro-
I priated by law; and no appropriation coufa be j
said to be in compliance with that provision which ¡
■ did not specify—which did not designate—the j
object of appropriation.                                             j
i     LMr-II. then read the amendment.]  Howmuch .'
; (he asked) was designed for the Army ?   It did !
j not state.   Howmuch for the Navy?   It did not ¡
state.    What proportion for the fortifications ?  It j
| did not state.   It was neither more nor less than I
giving the President $3,000,000, either to expend |
the whole, or any part, and telling him, " You I
may expend this for the Army, or the Navy, or j
for fortifications—just as  you  choose!"   Mr.
H. would again ask, if this was appropriating !
money within the true meaning and spirit of the
Constitution?   Gentlemen might say they had
confidence in General Jackson; but that was no
argument.   Mr. H. would say he would not put
money even into the hands of General Waahing.
ton, if he were President. It was a dangerous
precedent. Why, they might as well give Gen-
eral Jackson $3,000,000, and tell him to expi.nd
it under the head of " general welfare;" it would
be just as reasonable. He called upon them to
look at the tremendous power of the Executive
of this country, even within the pale of the Con-
stitution. The President of the United States
wielded a more tremendous power at this time
than any crowned head in Europe, not even
excepting the Emperor of Russia; and there was
no means of keeping it within bounds but by
Congress. It was a growing, an alarming power;
and that House, having the control «f the nation's
purse, offered the only check to it.
The proposed amendment was a violation (Mr.
H. said) of the spirit of the Constitution. It
was the only republican feature preserved in the
British constitution, from which we had derived
it. That feature offered the only barrier' which
the people of England could interpose against any
unpopular ministry, and by which they could
check the king on his throne. Nay, even a
favorite hke Lord Wellington, the conqueror of
a thousand pitched battles, was compelled to yield
before it. Then, he hoped American citizens
Would never forget nor resign it. He would now
recur a little to the history of this bill.
The gentlejnan from New York [Mr. Cam-
•releng,] had entertained the House, from time
to time, about what moment the bill had been sent
to the Senate. The bill came back iron the Senate,
with their disagreeing to the amendment of the
House.   Amotion was made for the House to
recede, which foiled; and then it went back to the
Senate, with a message, informing them that we
refused to recede.    The Senate again sent it back
to the House, for the purpose of throwing the
responsibility upon it; and a committee of con-
ference was appointod, &c.    Mr. H. then went
into the history of the bill, as recorded on the
;  Journal of the House.   He said there w*asAgreat
'   deal of business transacted, contrary to the recol-
! lection of the gentleman f. om New York, between
; j the appointment of the committee and the passage
I of the Cumberland road bill; and if the committee
' did not retire till then, they were negligent of their
1 duty.    The yeas and nays were twice called—
sundry other business was done—and a variety of
I  motions made, which must have taken at least an
j hour and a half.   Mr. H. said he himself saw the
I  clock put back at least an hour and eighteen min-
I! vites on that night, during a discussion  on the
judicial circuit bill.    Mr. H. went into a minute
! history of this part of the proceedings.    It was
| true there were some gentlemen who had consti-
j! tutional scruples about voting aftertwelve o'clock;
j and he had been given to understand the Presi-
]<. dent took the same ground.
!     Mr. H. said he took the same ground with the
| President of the United States, that the eonstku-
| tional term of Congress expired at twelve o 'clock
j on that night.   He then read, in support of that
ground, the resolution bf the convention for adopt-
| mgthe Constitution, authorizing the old Congress
j to fix the day of meeting.   The old Congress
fixed it on Wednesday, the 4th of March, 1789,
! and the first presidential term commenced on the
¡ same day of that year.    To him it was incontro-
i vertible that the expiration of the congressional
¡ tern  was on the 3d of March every two years,
I and the presidential term on the same day every
j four years.   The law took no notice of a fraction
j of a day.    Mr. H. then quoted from Blackstone s
; Commentaries to show that .the year was always,
in law, held to be completed the day before the
term commenced.   The question then resolved
; itself into this, when did the 3d of March term-
! inate ?   Supposing a man were indicted for a crime
I done on Saturday, when it was proved he did it
| after daybreak on Sunday, would it stand ?  He
| was positive that the commutes could have re-
i ported before twelve o'clockrif they had pleased.
Was the Senate of the nation to be arraigned at
the bar of public opinion, and censured, because
they refused to vote an appropriation of three
millions, when they heard nothing of it till after
dark ?   The gentlemen from Massachusetts said
they knew of it, on account of the resolution
unanimously adopted, but that resolution was
not unanimously adopted.   It was amended after
Messrs. Archer, Binney, and Mr. H. himself hat
