1686,
TgBBvQWWESSIONAL GLOBP:
151
severally addressed the House against it, and the
words "atallliaza d?,"—that the " House would
abide by the treaty «Í all Uazartb," were struck
out. It was opposed as a menace, a threat, little
less than an insult, to a proud and noble nation,
and was opposed by those gentlemen and struck
out. This amendmenthe knew was adopted after
Mr. H. had himself addressed the House. He
well recollected the three or four speeches of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
whose sentiments were Janus-like, the face some-
times one way and sometimes another, and Mr.
H. had asked him, upon that occasion, which
was his last will and testament.
Mr. H. then went into a brief review of the
present condition of the French question. He
could not censure the conduct of the King of the
French, who had done everything that could lie
expected from him up to the last session. Let
him ask why it was that the gentleman from
Massachusetts had not displayed his chivalry
under Charles X.? The organization of the
French Government gave to the Deputies of the
people the right over all appropriations. Tliat
republican feature was precisely the same in
Franoe as in our own country. Mr. H. depre-
cated any war with that nation; but whenever our
honor was involved he would be willing to fight
France or any oilier country. Who was it that
really insulted us ? Bonaparte, Louis XVIII.,
and perhaps Charles X.; but not Louis Philippe.
The French nation may have broken faith with
us, and Mr. H. would insist upon the treaty;
but it was a mere money bond transaction. If
France were to insult us, to menace us, he would
instantly arm; but on a money transaction he
would first weigh the costs of the suit. Were
our one hundred and fifty millions of imports,
one hundred and twenty millions of exports, our
thousand ships engagedi in the fisheries, &c, all
to be hazarded for the sake of about five millions,
a great portion of which would go into the in-
surance companies of England ? Until something
more took place than he now knew of, he would
not vote one dollar of appropriation for war prep-
aration. He would not, however, that the Amer-
ican Government should make an apology for a
hundred millions, nor a hundred to that, for he
was utterly opposed to this nation doing any-
thing to injure her proud stand among the nations
of the earth.
Mr. H. hoped the question would not be dis-
cussed with reference to the presidential election;
but that they should consider it apart from all
party considerations. He hoped, however, that
the nation would not be dragooned into a war by
the cry of French party. He was opposed to
any war with France; but if we should become
involved in a contest, he would consider himself
a traitor if he did not vote for every war measure.
It was extraordinary that the friends of one gen-
tleman, who had never smelt powder in his life,
should be striving to drive us into a war; whereas
the friends of one who had been a soldier from
his youth—for Mr. H. avowed himself in favor
of General Harrison—were for peace, and were
denounced as the French party. It was all done
for the benefit of the office-holders and the office-
hunters.
Mr. H. indignantly repelled the imputation cast
«pon those who voted against the three million
appropriation, of being man-worshipers as insin-
uated in the speech of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and quoted Mr. Adams's letter in reply
to an invitation to a dinner in August, 1834, in
which he eulogized the Senate for their opposi-
tion to the Executive, and the removal of the
deposits, contrasting it with his remarks in the
House the other day. Mr. H. concluded by re-
ferring to the gentleman's course on the abolition
question, and by an earnest appeal to that God
who had protected our country in the revolution-
ary struggle, to dispel the dark cloud now impend-
ing over us.
Mr. EVANS said, he was very glad, after sev-
eral ineffectual efforts, to have got an opportunity
to address the House, because he was fearful,
from indications, that the present debate would
be cut short. He was one of those who voted to
suspend the rules, to admit the resolution, and he
did it, not because he had desired discussion, but
because he would not shrink from it.   He was as
desirous to see the public business progressing as
any man, and his course heretofore would show
it; but he would say that when trentk-men sec
proper to make charges, he would meet them.
He thought the manner in which the resolution
under consideration was got up looked very much
like a concert between the gentleman from Now
York [Mr. Cambreleng] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] When it came
up, the great business of the nation was to be
laid aside, and the honorable member must have
been aware that the resolution would elicita warm
debate. The gentleman from New York has been
charged with the loss of the appropriation bill of
last year. Let him meet that charge, and not try
to get off from it by making a new issue. The
President of the United States had alluded to this
matter. Why does he go to our Journal, and
endeavor to show where the bill was lost. It
was extremely singular that the gentleman from
Massachusetts should have offered sucha resolu-
tion, and that he should have examined the par-
liamentary practice in England for the last hun-
dred years to show that the Senate had treated
the House with disrespect; and then called on the
Speaker, and the oldest member, and the youngest
member in the House, to know whether there
had ever been such a message sent from onc>
House to the other. Did the honorable gentle-
man find a precedent for the resolution which he
had offered, instituting an inquiry into 'he conduct
of a preceding Congress? He did not say that
he had not; but he asked the question. If he did
not find a precedent, then it would stand alone,
like the honorable gentleman said the Senate mes-
sage stood. But most extraordinary of all was,
that the gentleman should accompany the resolu-
tion with a speech; and in that speech he said it
was all for the sake of ljarmony; and the gentle-
man said, before the House and the country, that
he would keep within the spirit of the rules,
which rules said that allusion must not be made
to any transaction of the other body. He left it
to the gentleman himself to say how sincere he
was in his declaration. He d.d not, to be sure,.
allude directly to that body, but transferred it to
a printing-office, and made it a personification of
sentiment.
Mr. E. certainly had not expected such a res-
olution from the gen.leman from Massachusetts.
The loss of the fortification bill had nothing to do
with the present House. If the gentlemen go on
with a vindication of the character of former Con-
gresses, where would it stop ? How far should
they go back ? The gentleman not only made a
general charge against the Senate, but went into
a specification. He said the temper of the Senate
was bad. He says they voted to adhere, and
that was an instance of want of temper. Did the
gentleman not know that it was a late hour in the
evening when the bill went to them ? Decorum
might have given way to save the bill. He be-
lieved the Senate had come to the determination
never to grant the $3,000,000, and the sooner the
House knew it, the better; because it enabled the
House to put it in a shape that the Senate could
vote for it. The gentleman from Massachusetts
had said that the clause appropriating $3,000,000
was introduced in consequence of the unanimous
vote of the day previous, on the resolution insist-
ing on the fulfillment of the treaty; that it was
carrying out what that resolution contemplated;
and that every member of the House knew it.
The House adopted that resolution on the ground
of its specific character. The resolution as first
reported was exceptionable. It spoke of ins'sting
on the treaty at all hazards. But the House
struck out " all hazards." It was then adopted,
because it was tapered down and softened until it
suited all parties. If it had been avowed that
that resolution was to be the forerunner of a
$3,000,000 appropriation, it could never have
passed unanimously. We voted for it because it
did not permit us to do anything. The gentle-
man from New York said, that when we voted
that resolution we were bound to go one step
further, and vote money to accomplish it. If
gentlemen had avowed that on the passage of the
resolution, it would not have got through; one
speech against it would have defeated it. At
what time did the gentleman from Massachusetts
come to the conclusion that extensive appropri-
ations ought to be made for the defense of the
country.' We were favored during the last ses-
sion with several speeches from the gentleman
o.i the same subject. The committee had sub-
mitted a plan for the defense of the country,
which was, to sell the government stock in the
United States Bank, amounting to $7,000,000, and
apply the money to that objert. When the sub-
ject came up in the Committee of the Whole,
the gentleman from Massachusetts said that it
was a most extraordinary proceeding, by which
>7,000,00O were to be expended in a windmill war
with France. In another part of that speech he
said he would pledge, himself to the nation there
would bo no war. Well, there was no war, but
the principal reason was, because the $3,000,000
had not been appropriated. Three days after-
wards the gentleman said the nation was in im-
minent peril. If the nation was in imminent peril,
why did lie not say so three days before. The
gentleman, in his charge on the Senate, was ex-
tremely respectful to members of the House—their
motives were not to be questioned. He vindi-
cated the motives of those who disappeared be-
hind the pillars, so that no quorum could be
formed. They were treated respectfully, yet the
Senate had no right to constitutional scruples.
On the 7th of February (he said) the Senate had
dodged the question,and on the 14th he explained
what he meant; and so far from censuring it, if he
had his way, he would move the House to come
to the same resolution. The Senate (he said)
had acted, and he blamed the House for not acting.
There was anything but a charge against the
Semite.
Mr. E. had been astonished to see the contra-
dictory speeches of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams.] The gentleman said the
constitutional scruples of the Senate dwindled
down to a mere matter of dollars and cents. The
objections were not to the amount, but to the
form of the appropriation. Itwasvoting$3,000,000
without object; throwing it into the hands of the
President to be used at his discretion. .The Sen-
ate thought it was unconstitutional, and that was
enough for him. They acted up to their under-
standingof the Constitution. Mr. E. voted against
the three million appropriation, and should do so
again —not because he was unwilling to defend the
country. , The Journal would show that he had
voted for every defense of the country, and for
the highest sum. He had voted in the minority
for appropriations when the majority were the
very same men who are now charging us with
the loss of this bill A gentleman from South
Carolina desired an increase of appropriation for
fortifications, and the argument used in opposition
to il was an economical Administration. They did
not pride themselves upon what they had done,
but upon what they had left undone. When we
told them the time might come when these forti-
fications might be needed, they talked about econ-
omy and retrenchment. About three years since
he wished to get an appropriation for the defense
of the State of Maine, but he could not get an Ad-
ministration man to stand by him. He saw when
danger came it would be but a poor time to act; a
midnight vote could not build up impregnable
defenses. He had voted against the three million
appropriation, but he must confess that he was
at a loss to know how to vote at present. If the
country was in peril, he would go as far as him
who went farthest; but if it was not, he would
not vote a dollar. He knew not which was best,
whether to vote for appropriations, or to take up
opinions, which were somewhat current, that the
country was in no peril—that there was no dan-
ger at all. He would now say a few words with
respect to the loss of the fortification bill. The
Senate did not cause its failure. It was lost by
adding $3,000,000 to it. The House had the
right to make the addition, but the Senate had
the right to not vote for it. When the bill came
back from the Senate, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] moved that the House
adhere, and said he would let the Senate take the
responsibility of defeating it Was it the fault
of the Senate alone? As to that he had only to say
that each House was to be the judge for itself.
But the Senate must be brought down; it must
vote the appropriation in any shape the House
and the  President might choose  to  ruceive it.
