m
THE CONGRESSIONAL 6IiOW.
January 59,
Af'er t"ic conferees returned, all of a sadden there
s-< .Tied tibe a-j.eat desire to defeat the bi'l. Ho*-
it got i -n t'ie
......"ilous" he would  not pretend to
sav.    D'"d the member from Alabama s'iow any
dtsre to d *Ut it' D'd the Senate show aní-
dente to defeat it > Did we, who voted to recede,
slnwndesiic to defeat it5 Ccr.ainly not. We
t.ied to get it through, but v\e tried in vain.
Read the names of those who voted before twelve
o'clock, and of those who voted after that hour,
and it will be seen who defeated the bill. But
gentlemen sty they had constitutional scruples.
Very few expressed such scruples—certainly not
more than four or five. The gentleman "from
Georgia [Mr.Gilmer] did cxpiess such scruples;
but lie did not remain in the Hall to embarrass
the business No, sir, he went out of the dooi
and never returned. He went out like an hon-
oiable man, and left otheis to act. He had no
part or lot in the disturbances of that night.
Every man knows we had a quorum whenever
we wanted one. Tbrre was a quoium when the
Letcher and Moore resolution was taken up.
The resolution was to pay Mi. Letcher for his
services in Congress, to which was added an
amendment to pay Mr. Moore also; the previous
question was got on the resolution, which cut off
the amendment to pay Mr. Mooie, and then
suddenly no quorum was to be found. There
was another experiment resorted to to get the bill
through. A rail of the House was demanded;
but the gentleman from New York protested
against a call, saying,who would answer to their
nami s5 It was the pride of the party not to an-
swer to their names. He did not say that gen-
tlemen-were afraid that the bill would pass, but
it looked very much like it. When the motion
was made that the House adjourn, in consequence
of having finished its business, the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Parker] rose in his place,
and said the House had not finished its business;
that the fortification bill had not passed; and he
Í i rayed the House to take it up and pa&s it. The
louse had it in us power to have passed the bill
at that time. The gentleman from M.issachusetis
rose, and said there was a quorum in the House,
and that the bill could be passed; but he was an-
swered with loud cries of " order," order!" Dis-
disorder prevailed, and the bill was lost.
Mr. C. said it was extremely painful to him to
be compelled to make the remarks which he did.
He could not, however, sit still and hear charges
made against a high-minded, honoiable man, and
that, too, by personified sentiments. It was not
for him to defend him; his life, his services, and
his history belonged to the country. Such charges
will not shake the firmness of his friends; they
will rally around him, let who will desert him.
When Mr. E. concluded his remaiks, several
members rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. BYNUM obtained the floor, but the hour
being late, he moved an adjournment.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
At the request of the Chair, Mr. B. withdrew
his motion, and, by unanimous consent, the fol-
lowing communications were presented by the
Speaker:
I.  A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting the annual report of the In-
spectors of the Penitentiary in the Distnct of Co-
lumbia; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
II.  A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
muting, in pursuance of a resolution of the House
of the 12th instant, a report of the engineer in
reference to the works at the eastern termination
of Lake Erie; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
III.   A communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting a list of the clerks employed
in his Department, and the compensation of each;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
punted.
IV.  A letter from the Secretary of the Nary,
transmitting a list of pensioners; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
V.   A letter from the Secretary of War, com-
municating a jeport, pursuant to the act of May
], 1S20, from the Second Comptroller, exhibit-
ing the amount of certain expenditures for the
ytar 1835, and the balances on hand at the close
of that year; whi-h was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The House then (at half past four o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, January 2d, lti36.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, fiom the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
Heron; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. STANDEFER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, icported a bill for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representatives of Cap-
tain lJiessly Thornton, deceased; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. W. B SHEPARD, from the Comnvttee
on the District of Columbia, reported a bill to
extend the jurisdiction of the corporation of the
city of Washington; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, i ported a bill making an ap-
propriation for the Military Academy of the
United States for the year 1836; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of John Borey; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. CHAPÍN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the n'hef of
Joseph Prescott; which way read twice and com-
mitted.
j Mr. WASHINGTON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, reported a bill amend-
atory of the act to incorporate the Provident As-
soci ition of Clerks in the civil departments of
the Government of the United States, in the Dis
triet of Columbia; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. HA WES, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of William Anderson, deceased;
which was read twice and committed.
Messis. WHITTLESEY and DAVIS, from
the Committee on Claims; Messrs. STORER,
BOND, and FRY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions; and Mr. LAWLER, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, made
unfavorable reports on various petitions; which
were laid on the table.
|           LOSS OF THE TORTIFICATION BILL.
( The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, offered by Mr. Adams on
Friday last:
Resiloed, That so much of the message of the Presi
dent of the United States to Congress at the commence-
I ment of the present session as relates  the failure at the
la^t session ot Congress of the hill containing the ordinary
appropriation for fortifications, be referred to a select com
miltee, with instruction^ to inquire into and report to the
House the cau^e and circumstances ot the failure of that
bill
I The question pending being the amendment of
Mr. Williams, of North Carolina, giving thecom-
mittee power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. BYNUM said it was with sincere regret
that he found himself compelled to address the
House on the present occasion; but he had rights
which he was bound to sustain whenever they
were invaded by friend or by enemy.    He had
not risen for the purpose of making anything like
¡  an electioneering speech.     He protested against
i  electioneering for Presidents in the House, an<l
in every other legislative body.    The people of
the United States, in their sovereign  capacity,
j  had the exclusive right to do that-, and the House
I  of Representatives never should make ft Presi-
|  dent.   He knew that there was an opinion abroad
that in the Congress of the United States was
¡t combined the greater port of the intelligence, and
some had thought that it contained the greater
part of the virtue of the country; but he was not
one of those who subscribed to that doctrine.
He believed there was to be found more virtue
and intelligence out of Congress than in it; and
he felt proud that it was so.                                      i
So longas the people were intelligent and virtu-
ous, Mr. B. feared no usurper in the White House;
norleague of demagogues m any other branch of the
Legislature.   He would not be the Cato on that i
floor to electioneer <ar any man for President, nor ¡
did he believe that any effort made there would
make one. The present Congress stood redeemed
on that subject. Not many years sine", a Pres-
ident was attempted to bo made in another quai ter.
Denunciations of a serious nature were made
against him, and the people were called upon to
sustain them. What did the people say > They
said, "Away with your denunciations; wecallfor
facts, and will be goveined by facts; "and the people
did decide. But nothing daunted with that, they
are trying to play the same game over again. The
batteries had been opened on that floor, for the
purpose of firing away on public opinion. He
came here for the purpose of discharging his duty
as a Representative of the people, and would do
th it fearlessly; but he did not come here to make
a President, or to unmake one. The gentleman
from Virginia hail told us, that, upon the issue of
the question under consideration, depended the
presidential election. He admitted the superior
sagacity of that gentleman, but for the life of him
he could not determine how its termination would
eithi r make Judge White or Martin Vnn Buren
President. The gentleman from Virginia had
said, that he [Mr. Btvum] had thrown obstacles
in the way of an examination to prove corruption
in certain gentlemen of the House. He was ata
loss to know what the gentleman meant. He
would go into an investigation as far as that gen-
tleman dare go.
Mr. WISE said he did not charge the gentle-
man with throwing obstacles in his way. The
gentleman could throw no stumbling block m his
way. He did say that the gentleman had been
very particular to say that it was not proved that
the House was responsible for the failure of the
appropiiation bill. He did not know whether
that was meant or was not meant; and he was
not disposed to join issue with the gentleman.
Mr. BYNUM was dad to find that the gentle-
man did not accuse him of throwing obstacles in
his way. He was opposed to no investigation.
But the gentleman from Virginia had made a
serious charge against some of the most promi-
nent members of the House, and against the
President of the United States. He understood
the gentleman to say that the $3,000,000 appro-
priation was procured, or attempted to be pro-
cured, by certain individuals in the House, for
secret service money1.
Mr. WISE said he repeated, that he understood
that the chairman of the Ccrmmlttee of Ways and
Means knew that the President desired it, and
the chairman of theCowfmittee on Foreign Affairs
had told us that he knew of k; but, instead of
communicating it to the House officially, they
only informed a few individuals of it, and toW
them to say nothing about it.
Mr. BYNUM said the gentleman had not an-
swered him at all. He would go with the gen-
tleman, if he would accept of his feeble company,
in the investigation. He asked him again if he
understood him right when he said the appro-
priation was to be procured for1 secret service
money'
Mr. WISE said he had answered the question,
and he thonght the gentleman from North Car-
olina was in the seeret; but, as he was not, he
would ask the honorable Speaker of the House,
who ought to tell; he wrjuld ask honorable mem-
bers of the House if the appropriation was wanted
for secret service money, or was it wanted for the
defense of the country ?
Mr. BYNUM said he asked for* direct an-
swer. He ha4 understood* the gentleman to have
made the assertion directly. If the President had
attempted to impose on the House for the pur-
pose of extracting pjOTO.OOO for'secret service
money, he was for carrying the investigation to
the White House. He was for probing it to the
bottom. If he understood the gentleman right,
he was for purging the House of corruption, and
the White House for despotism. Mr. B. said he
had not the ability, he had not the intellectual
power to do that; trnñ if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had, Judge White Might step aside, and he
would go for him for President, beeause he could
do more than any other man in America. But he
thought he understood the gentleman to oppose
the resolution under consideration. He thought
the gentleman- ought to have seen the necessity
of adopting the resolution-, or sometí <ng hke it,
