1886,
TfHB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*3
for the purpose of enabling him to carry «n hi 
investigation. The gentleman from Virginia had
also said that there was a trained band in the
House, but the gentleman did not tell us who be-
longed to that trained band. It was but a short
time since the gentleman professed to belong to
that same band.
Mr. WISE said, let me plead not guilty of be-
longing to that band—never in my life.
Mr. BYNUM said that the gentleman had been
elected by professing to belong to that party; and
if Mr. B. understood him rightly, he was favor-
able to the principles of the present Administra-
tion, and came to Congress a supporter of the
President; and he appealed to the members who
were in Congress at that time to sustain him in
the assertion.
Mr. WISE said, when he spoke of the trained
band, he meant the trained band of the party on
the night of the 3d of March, 1835; and he begged
leave to make a distinction between the friends of
the President and the friends of the party.
Mr. BYNUM said he confessed that the gentle-
man had got into an inexplicable difficulty. He
had divided the friends of the President from the
friends of the party. He saw that the gentle-
man 's perspicacity was too keen for him to follow.
The gentleman had stated, in the commencement
of his harangue, that he would tell the whole
truth; but he had not toluVus that there were
presidential partisans on the other side of the
House. There were other parties besides the
Van Buren party. There were a number of gen-
tlemen elected under the influence of the Presi-
dent's name, but when they came to Congress
they were suddenly changed to the other side.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Mr. E. was proceeding in his remarks, when
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the House proceed
to the orders of the day.
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
WHITTLESEY, BELL, PATTON, WISE,
PEYTON, ADAMS, EVANS,and the CHAIR,
as to the right of the gentleman from Missouri
to submit the motion for the orders of the day,
the House having suspended the rules, in order ;
to enable the gentleman from Massachusetts to
introduce the resolution under discussion.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion was
in order, and that the pending debate, under the
rules, could only be continued at that time by a
vote of two thirds.
Mr. WISE then moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of permitting the dicussion on the
resolution to progress, and called for the yeas
and nays on his' motion; which were ordered,
and were as follows,
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Bell, Bond, Bunch, John
Caltioou, Cambreleng, Campbell, Carter, Childs, Nathaniel
H. Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Cu?hing, Denny, Rice Gar-
land, Uranger, Grayson, Giitiin, Hammond, Hardin, Har-
per, Ingham, Jams, Lincoln, Love, Samp.-ou Maso , i
Maury, McCoraas, McKay, McKcmian, MeKeon, Mercer,
Miller, Mriligan, Muhlenbunr, Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew,
Peyton, Reneher, Robinson^ Russell, Shields, Spanstler,
Storer, Waddy Thompson, White, Lewis Williams, and
Wise—48.
VAYS — Messrs. Adams, Ilcman Allen, Anthony, Ash,
Ashley, Banks, Barton,  Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Boon,
Borden, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Briggs, Brown, Burns, By-
flum, William B. Calhoun, Carr, Casey, George Chambers,
John Chambers, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín, John F. H.
Claiborne, Coles, Conner, Corvvin, Craig, Cramer, Crane,
Cmr-man, Davis, Dcberry, Philemon Dickerson, Dickson,
Dromgeole, Dunlap,Effiier, Evans, Everett, Fairfield, Far-
linvKowlor, French, Fry, PluloC. Falter, William K. Fuller,
James Garland, Gillct, Glascock, Graham, Graves, Gren- i
iHI, naloy, Jo;eph Hall, Hamcr, Hannegan, Hard, Harlan, I
famuot S. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins,
lla.Vixw,  Hazeltme, Henderson,  Heister, Hoar,   Holsey, ¡
Hopkins, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, Huntington, Ingenull, I
Joseph Jackson, Janes, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. John- I
son, Cave Johnson, H-nry Johnson, John W.Jones, Benja- '
inin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Klingen-
smth, Lane, Lansing, Lawler, Lawrence, Gideon Lee,
Joshua Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Logon, Loyall, Lucas,
Lyou, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Martin, William Mason,
M 'M   Ma^on,   May,   McKim,   McLcne,   Montgomery,
Moore, Mo-gan, Morris, Owens, Page, Parker, Patterson,
Pattori, D«tee J. Pearce, James A. Pcarce, Phelps, Phillips,
Fmekiiey, Pojts, Bced, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds,
Itiplcy, Roane,  Sogers, Schenck, Seymour, William B.
Shepard, Augustine H. Shepperd, Shinn, Sloane, Smith,
Spragne, Stnndefer, Steele, Sutherl <nd, Taliaferro, Taylor,
John Tliom<on, Touc-ev, Towns, Tornar, TnrriB, Under-
wood, Vandernoel, VVagener, Ward, WardweU, Washing-
ton, Week , VVhitrJesey, and Williams—160.
Sa the House refused to suspend the rules.
Engrossed bills of the following titles were then
read the third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of James Tilford;
A bill forthe relief of Pierce and Van Voorhees;
A bill for the relief Joseph Cooper;
A bill for the relief of Thomas P. Townsley;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Franzoni and
Jardella;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
William Pindlay,
A bill forthe relief of Marinus W. Gilbert;
A bill forthe relief of Richard Hardesty;
A bill forthe relief of David Bartlett;
A bill for the relief of William Baker, of New
York;
A bill for the relief of Doctor William Baker, of
the District of Columbia;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Whitney;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Dodge;
A bill for the relief of Nathan P. Tatum;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Stickney;
A bill for the relief of John McDonnell;
A bill for the relief of Henry Knowles, sen.;
A bill for the relief of John Pollock;
A bill forthe relief of Daniel Homans;
A btfl for the relief of Owen Rice, and others,
representatives of Jacob Eyerly;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Washington
Sea well;                                                                     i
A bill for the relief of Russ and Roach;               r;
A bill for the relief of Jane Taylor and children;   ,
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Willc Blount;
A bill for the relief of Laurentius M. Eiler;.      '
A bill for the relief of Moses Bliss;                     ¡'
A bill for the relief of David S. Campbell;        >
A bill for the relief of Saunders and Putnam;   i,
A bill for the relief of the executors of Charles , [
Wilkins;                                                                       I]
A bill for the relief of Stephen Crittenden;          ;
A bill for tlie relief of Jacob B. Gilbert;             j
A bill for the relief of Joel Sartain; and              'j
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas Beaucham.                                                  ¡
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to reconsider the i
vote on the passage of the bill for the relief of
Nathaniel P. Tatum; which motion was post-   |
poned until Friday next.                                          !
Mr. HAWES moved to suspend the rules in ' ¡
. order to enable him to submit a motion for an '!
adjournment over to Monday.   Lost—84 to 61;
two thirds being requisite.
Mr. ANTHONY moved an adjournmerit;which
was carried—ayes 62, noes 59.
The House then adjourned.
j          HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
i                  Saturday, January 30, 1836.
!     The question of order arising on the appeal
i from a decision oí the Chair, taken by Mr.
Adams on the presentation of a petition praying
the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
! District of Columbia, having been postponed to
i this day,,
,     Mr. ADAMS said, that the House had already
' decided the question of appeal upon another peü-
i tion.' He should, therefore, move to lay his mo-
! tion on the table.
After  some  conversation   between   Messrs. !
BRIGGS,  ADAMS,   and   the   CHAIR,   Mr.
ADAMS withdrew his appeal, and the question j
on the reception of the petition was laid over to |
Monday.                                                            i
I Mr. R. M. JOHNSON, from the Committee j
on Military Affairs, reported a bill authorizing I
the President of the United States to accept the !
service of volunteers.                                                j
The bill was read twice; and, on motion by
Mr. Johnson, committed to the Committee of the •
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to |
be printed.                                                                 j
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of I
i Henry Lee; which was read twice and com- ¡
mi t ted.                                                                       ,
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid I
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to j
Samuel Colei which was read twice and com- '
milted.                                                                       I
Mr. PJNCKNEY, from tho Committee on '
Commerce, made a report, accompanied by a
resolution,on the subjectof weight and measures;
which was committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILLIAM B. SHEPARD, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, reported
the following bills; which were read twice and
committed: A bill to amend an act to incorporate
the Medical Society of the District of Columbia;
and a bill relating to the orphans' court of Alex-
andria county, in the District of Columbia.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of John F.
Wiley; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Louis Durett; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
James Stevens; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
SUFFERERS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, asked the consent
of the House to submit the following joint reso-
lution:
Retolced iy the Senate and House of Representative! of
the United State  of ¡America, in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States he authorized to cause
rations to be delivered from the public stores to the unfor-
tunate sufferers who have been driven from their homes by
Indian depredations in Florida, until they can be reestab-
lished in their possessions, and enabled to procure provis-
ions for the sustenance of themselves and families.
Objections being made, Mr. WHITE moved
to suspend the rules, in order to enable him to
submit his proposition; which was agreed to.
The resolution was then read.
Mr. WHITE said it was not his intention to
occupy the time of the House further than to say
that five hundred families were, by the last ac-
counts, driven from their homes, and were utterly
destitute. He could not persuade himself that
there was a member on that floor who would
refuse to vote for this resolution, because, by the
bill passed the other day the President of the
United States had no power to afford the relief
contemplated and so imperiously needed. He
would take that opportunity to express his grate-
ful acknowledgments for the unanimity, the
almost unexampled unanimity displayed on that
occasion; and he hoped the same feeling would
be displayed on the present. Mr. W. then went
on to describe the late action in Florida, and the
situation of the inhabitants there, substantially
the same as has heretofore appeared in the papers
of the day, and moved that the resolution be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. W. added that he had called upon the
Executive to know whether, under the former
appropriation, be considered himself authorized
to give the order required by this resolution, and
the President answered he could not, but that it
would afford him great pleasure to give the order
if Congress would giva him authority to do so.
Under these circumstances Mr. W. felt the ne-
cessity of pressing the passage of the resolution
without delay.
Mr. WHITTLESEY did not design to oppose
the resolution, though he would remark that the
power had been before assumed by the officers
of the Government, particularly in the case of
Michigan Territory, but he could not avoid saying
he thoughtthe resolution was too indefinite, and
made provision equally for the distressed and the
wealthy, where he thought there should be a dis-
tinction. It was also indefinite as to time, and
he thought some discretion should be vested in
the Executive as to when the sufferers should
return to their homes. So long as they were in
indigent circumstances, for one he was desirous
to give them provision from the public stores,
but while the House did that, they ought to guard
and protect itself from abuse. He hoped, there-
fore, that the gentleman from Florida would him-
self propose an amendment to the resolution, so
as to limit its operation to those who were unable
to provide for themselves, and either fix a time,
or leave it to the discretion of the Executive, when
it should cease.
Mr. BOON was not opposed in principle to the
relief sought for, but he really thought the latter
