ÍU
THE €DN£KESsrONi«Eí GLOBE.
January'30,
clause of the resolution entirely too indefinite
The poork of Floridn were to he provi 'eel for
until thev should le able to snstun themselves
It cerned to him that inch a clause as that was
httl. short of miking lift pt nsiouers, for some
of tin n might siv they weie never able to sus-
tain thcmselrvs Me wou'd not go so far as to
sav tin's would be the ease, but that the clause
was open to that objection was obvious
Mr RE VLC moved to strike out all after the
word "possessions "
Mr WHITF assented to that as a modification
of the resolution, and moved a limitation in the
follow in? words " Or ^o long as the President
slnll cortsidtr it necessary."
Mr PARKER would still suggest that the
time be mede more definite—say two or three
months, when the present necessity would either
be 11 hevid, or Congress hate had an opportunity
to act advisedly upon the subject
Mr WHITE honed the gentleman (rom New
Jersey [Mr Parker] Would not piess such an
amendment, fot it -was  impossible to say how
long these people-might be kept fi om their houses.
The last advices informed us, that msrc than five
hundredfamilies w, re now in tins distressed situa-
tion, already reduced almost to a state of starva-
tion, and the olhcers of the United States had no
power to relieve them General Scott was on his
way to the scene of w arfare, and the most effective
measures would be adopted by the Government
to put down the Indians; but it was impossible
to calcul te how long it would take to do so. He
hoped the resolution would not be delayed; and
he was sure that, m confiding the subject to the
present Chief Magistrate, he would provide for
the sufferers onry so long as they should be really
in «ant of it.
Mr PARKER would still suegest to the gen-
tleman to modify his resolution by some limita-
tion as to time. Mi. P did not desire to throw
any obstacle m the way of its passage; but, on
the contrary, to facilitate it by rendcung it free
fiom objection He presumed, of course, there
were only the quantity Of rations sent for the
troops now there, and it might be that the call, in
consequence of this resolution, woald be the
means of reducing the BTmy itself to a state of
starvation He was Willing to vote for any spe-
cific measure for the relief of the inhabitants of
Florida, and he would recommend the introduc-
tion of a bill forjS50,000 at once for that purpose.
Mr. EVERETT wished the resolution amended
so as to include the friendly Indians in its bene-
fits, a considerable body of whom, he was given i
to understand, had joined our forces                      )
Mr WHITE said he would accept such a mod- I
lfication, but that the friendly Indians now re-
ceived rations from the army, with whom they
were operating, as they had declared war against
the hostile" party. The former, however, were
only a small body, amounting to about sixty in
number, and not so large a force as the gentleman
supposed                                                                      !
Mr WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, proposed a
further amendment, to insert after the word "suf-
ferers," "who are unable to provide for them-
selves "
Mr BOON suggested that the adoption of this
amendment would present a difficulty in conse-
quence of the want of a tribunal.
Mr. WHITE remarked, that he would accept
the amendment if the spirit of it was not already
sufficiently provided for in the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, said it was
well known that there were sufferers to a certain
extent, and it should be the object of Congress to
afford them relief; but, then, relief should only
extend to those who were unable to provide for
themselves. He wanted to restrict the commis-
sary from issuing rations but to those only who
had suffered, and were without the means of re-
lieving themselves. The resolution, as it stood,
was too general, and a hundred thousand might
get the benefit of it, rich as well as poor.               I
The amendment was then agreed to without a
count.                                                                            I
Mr. PARKS asked, whether there was any
precedent for such resolution? It seemed to him
to be important that they should not establish
precedents which might be the means of taking
away thousands and millions from our treasury.
He felt as rmvoh. for those sufferers as any otlier
man, but I e de< med it woithy of consideration,
that w e should not act without a precedent. He
thought the House ought to reflect, and take time
to consider the matter, and he therefore hoped
the consideration of the «solution might be laid
over at least till Monday next.
Mr PATTON was glad the gentleman from
Maine had mode the inquiry; but it was neces-
sary to make still furthi r inquiry—not whether
there was any precedent for such resolution, but
whether there was any principle upon which it
could bt sustained. He believed that there was
no conceivable object, no motion for which gen-
tlemen might not find a precedent, or moke an
argument which would afford a precedent It
seemed to him tint, instead of searching after
piLCtdi nts-t-mstead of being carried away with
sympathetic appeals, we ought to look to prece-
dents as beacons of warning. A savage war had
broken out, carrying with it all the calamities
w hu h win usually brought, and a proposition
brougnt before Congress, not only to take away
the public stores fiom their proper destination,
but that it shall provide means of sustaining those
people who have suffered fi om the calamity, until
they shall be restored to their possessions. He
admitted that the exigencies of the case might
demand something tobe done for their relief, but
wc ought to be careful how we dispose of the
public property. It was but a few yeais ago
when the bill for the relief of the inhabitants on
the Niagaia frontier was befoie the House, and
it was opposed by many of the most talented men
then in Congress. It eventually passed for their
lief, but with -such restrictions and limitations as
made it entirely free from objections. Every one
must agree, that everything should be done which
can safely be done for the relief of the people of
Florida; but before we do it we ought to ex-
amine the resolution, so that we may not go be-
yond what we are called upon by our oaths to
sanction.
Mr GRANGER said, that in the little time he
had been in Congress theie was nothing which
had gratified him so much as the prompt manner
in which the House had stepped forth in making
appropriations for carrying on the war in Flor-
ida, and that, too, without any communication
being made to it. While a newspaper discussion
had been going on, as to whether censure should*
rest with the Departments of the Gcneial Gov-
ernment, for the breaking out of the Indian war,
the House, on its own responsibility, stepped
forth to make provision for cai rying on that war,
although no requisition had been made by the
Chief Magistrate.
Mr. CAMBJRELENG explained Ho thought
great injustice had been done to the Departments
by the press and elsewheie in relation to this
subject. The House had received information
from the War Department, and they acted upon I
the very first document sent in They had also I
received a subsequent communication from the
same Department, with all the documents in rela-
tion to this Indian war. Mr C. had seen, with
very great surprise, that, from the debate which
occurred in the Senate the other day, those doc-
uments did not go with the bill from that House.
He could only say, they came into the House
with the bill; they contained every detail, and all
the circumstances relating to this wai, and if they
did not go to the Senate with the bill, he was
greatly surprised at it, for they ought to have
gone. There was no fault with the Executive,
nor with the War Department, nor with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GRANGER resumed. He said, if the
gentleman had heaid him out, he would have
found that the President would not have been cen-
sured; but as he had chose to challenge it, he
would say that the history of the nation presented
nothing like the silence of the Executive on the
subject. He would say that, while the halls of
Congress had been ringing with eulogiums of the
resent Administration, and while searches had
een made after the bones of dead bills, no com-
munication had been laid before the House in re-
lation to the Seminole war, whether as a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, or from the
chairmen of any of the committees. We have
been engaged in hunting up pretexts fox a foreign
war, while we have war enough of our own upon
our hands The war-cry is upon enn frontici;
women and children aie si lughteicd, and death
and devastation are scattered along the plain; and
the Government hav a been silent. He would not
have said thus much if the gentleman had not cut
short what he intended to say. If he understood
the situation of Florida, it was but sparsely set-
tled, and had no fertile and luxuriant country
surrounding it, as was the case on tho Niagara
frontier; and when those suffcrc rs had been di it en
from their homes by a su' ig< toe, thi y liad to
fall in with the arm\ loi pioti ction. and, unless
the arm of Govi rnmi at was extended to their
relief, they must mi vitably starve. Ho wanted
no precedent in le_cisl.ilnig lor a suffering people.
He bi Lived thi ( oust tution piovidcd fortlu re-
lief and protection ot the citizens of the United
States, diid whin that protection was extended
the people would fee 1 that they were members of
one common family
Mr. LANE said he icgrctted the gentleman
from New York, [Mr Granger,] foi whom he
entertained the kindest feelings of respect, had
not sought a more tit occasion to indulge m bitter
remarks against the Executive and those who
sustain him in this House The resolution has
for its object the immediate íelief of the citizens
of rioudd, whose countiy has been desolated,
whose houses and j%opcrty have been destroyed,
by an unexpected savage war upon its innocent
and defenseless inhabitants—men, women, and
children, in a state of starvation—a scene that
can but call for the commiseration of every sym-
pathetic bosom Yes, sir, upon this resolution,
calling for action and unanimity, the honorable
gentlem in fiom Newl ork has deemed it his duty
to anaign the Exieutive foi neglect of duty, foi
being deaf to the cries of women and children,
while the sealpmg-knife is urgid to its Lloody
office—that this House, instead of suppressing
this war, and defending the country, have been
seeking other cause of wai, and hunting for the
buned of the last session Mr. Speaker, with
what justice are those charges made ' The hon-
orable gentleman from Florida [Mr. White] has
informed the House again and again, that the
President of the United 'states has promptly done
all in his power to suppress the savage and relieve
the country. And whenever the subject has been
presented to this House, it has been taken up and
acted upon with a promptness unknown to legis-
lation. To consider the piesent resolution, the
rules of the House have been suspended. No
matter, however, what the subject 01 the occasion,
a dash ot the Executive or his friends is to be
expected from some one of the Opposition. Sir,
if ever theie was a time or an occasion in legis-
lation when men might indulge in all the nobler
feelings of the soul—when, to pause for prece-
dents in legislation, or to consult the letter of the
Constitution, would be cruel—this is that time
and that occasion. If ought could have dried up
the sympathies of my heart, always, and I trust
ever will be, open to the cues of distress, the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from New
York would hav edoneit. But he trusted neither
the injustice of the remarks nor the spirit of
party it was so well calculated to awaken, will
influence a single vote on the adoption of the res-
olution.
Mi. HOLSEY said, when a suffering people
had l)een driven from their homes and left without
the means of sustaining themselves, that then it
was the duty of the Government to extend to
them relief. In the present case, the inhabitants
of a portion of Florida were cut off by the savages
from any settlement where they could have an
opportunity of supporting themselves by their
own exei tions, and surrounded on all parts by a
wilderness. In such state of the case he considered
it to be the duty of the Government to support
those people until they could be restored to their
homes. If the inhabitants of Florida had been
thrown back on a frontier teeming with all the
luxuries of the earth, then the application of the
strength given them by their Creator would have
been sufficient for their sustenance without the
aid of Government. If the inhabitants had been
thrown on the frontiers of Georgia and Alabama,
then we might apply the principle of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Pattoit.]   The  are
