156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaf? I,
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, then moved the I
previous question.                                                 l
Mr. PARKS raised the question of order,
whether the resolution, being one of appropria-
tion, must not pass through the forms necessary
for all appropriations, viz: that it could not be
passed on the day of its introduction, and must
first be considered in Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIR decided otherwise, on the ground
that it was not an original appropriation, but
directed the application of a sum already appro-
priated; whereupon
Mr. PARKS appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and after a few words from Mr. MANN,
of New York, in support of the Chair's decision,
and Mr. PARKS against it, the decision of the
Speaker was sustained by the House.
The previous question was then seconded—
ayes 95, noes 56; and the main question, which
was on the engrossment of the resolution as mod-
ified and amended, was then ordered to be put;
and on the main question
Mr. PINCKNEY asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and the result was—yeas 178,
nays 14.
So the resolution was ordered to be engrossed;
ind the same having been engrossed, was then
rend the third-time and passed.
Engrossed bills of the following titles were read
the third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Joshua Cullumber;
A bill for the relief of Abner Stelson;
A bill for the relief of the Springfield Manu-
fartunnir Company; and
A bill for the relief of James M. Suttle.
On motion by Mr. CRAIG, the House ad-
journed.      _____________________
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 1, 1836.                    '
The CHAIR communicated a report from the  ¡
Solicitor of the Treasury, made in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the last session,
relative to the claim of the heirs of Silas Elliott,
deceased; wliich was referred to the Committee   ,
on the Judiciary.                                                  i
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Philadel-
phia, soliciting the attention of Congress to that
important public work, the  breakwater in the   ,
Delaware bay, and praying that such appropria-  J
done shall be made as to insure its completion;  j
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of sundry
citizens of New Orleans, praying for an appro-
priation for a light-house on Lake Ponchartrain;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. NAUDAIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Arnold; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of George
Smith, of Winchester; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Delaware, praying that New Castle
may be made a port of entTy; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GOLDSCOROUGH presented the petition
. of George W. Howard, late a lieutenant of the
Baltimore Riflemen, who was wounded at the
battle of North Point during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Julian
Chastellan and others, of New York; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. Also, the
petitions of sundry citizens of New York, prayiag
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was laid on the table. Also, the petition
of sundry merchants of the same city in behalf
of certain officers of the customs, particularly the
weighers and measurers, praying for an increase
of their compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petitions of sun-
dry merchants of Rhode Island, praying indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
^as laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of the hsin
of Colonel Philip Johnson, of New Jersey, who '
was killed at the battle  of Long Island; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented the pe-
tition of sundry citizens of Illinois, praying for
the establishment of a new post route; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of
Samuel White, of Vermont, a surgeon of the
revolutionary Army; and also the petition of
Philip Taylor; both of which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TAYLOR presented the petition of the
Eastern Branch Bridge Company, praying thata
law may be passed to regulate their tolls; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
the Rev. Bishop White, and the rector and church-
wardens of--------church, Philadelphia, praying
permission to import a bell for said church, duty
free, to replace one that has been broken; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the memo-
rial of sundry citizens of Alabama, protesting
agairist any treaty being made with the Chero-
kees recognizing reservations, as detrimental to
the settlers on the public lands, and producing no
benefit to the Indians themselves; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
CAPTAIN NATHAN HALE.
Mr. NILIJS presented the petition of sundry
citizens of New Haven, Connecticut, setting forth
the extraordinary services, the great merits, and
the untimely fate of Captain Nathan Hale of the
revolutionary army, and praying that a mon-
, ument may be erected to his memory.
1 Mr. N. said, I hold in my hand two petitions
signed by some of the first citizens of Connecti-
cut; among the names are six gentlemen who have
been members ofCongress, the Chief Justice, and
Governor of the State. These petitions present,
for the consideration of Congress, the extraordi-
nary services and untimely and melancholy fate
of Nathan Hale, a youthful patriot of the Rev-
olution, praying Congress to erect a moument to
his memory near the sepulcher of his fathers.
I understand that a similar petition was pre-
sented to the last Congress, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, who reported fa-
vorably in respect to the facts, and the great merits
of Captain Hale; but deemed it inexpedient then
U> recommend any action on the part of Congress.
But at this time, when a cloud hangs over our
country, when we are threatened with the long
sword of France, when there is some danger—-1
trust not much—of our being involved in war,
there may, perhaps, be more disposition to cher-
ish, in the breasts of American youths, that spirit
of patriotism, that devotion to country, and that
love of fame which constitute so iarge a portion
of the means of national defense.
However this may be, it is my duty to pre-
sent these petitions. I had thoughts of moving
for a special committee, but fearing that may be
deemed as asking too much, I shall move a refer-
ence to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
have to beseech that committee to give to the sub-
ject further consideration.
Was it not that a petition on this subject ap-
Ítears to have been presented to the Senate the
ast session, I should suppose that honorable
Senators might inquire who is Nathan Hale? As
this is a case of somewhat an unusual character,
I hope to be excused for offering a few sugges-
tions on the subject.
Captain Hale was one of those youthful patri-
ots and heroes, who, when the first gun was fired
in a neighboring colony, when the first blood of
American freemen was shed in the streets of Lex-
ington, abandoned his home, his studies, and all
the prospects of peaceful pursuits, and repaired
to the scene of danger.
The first intelligence of these events was re-
ceived in the towns on the eastern border of Con-
necticut on Saturday; and General Putnam re-
ceived the news when plowing in his field. This
American Cincinnatus immediately left his work,
and repaired to Boston, leaving his plow in the
furrow, where it remained until he returned from
the war. Further west, in the towns on the Con-
necticut river, this news was received on the Sab-
bath, and during the hours of public worship. ]n
many instances, notwithstanding tfie devotional
character of that people, the public worship was
suspended and the meetings dissolved. In other
places, individuals more ardent than others pro-
cured drums, and appearing in front of the
church, beat the drum as a signal to arms; when,
sir, it might be truly said that there were no Sab-
baths in revolutionary times.
Among the youth who were aroused by these
appeals was Nathan Hale, then only twenty years
of age, and a recent graduate at Yale College. He
received a lieutenant's commission, and during
his service at Boston was promoted to the rank
of a captain, in Colonel Webb's regiment. He
accompanied the American army to New York,
and such was the confidence which General Wash-
ington had in his valor and discretion, that he
selected him for the hazardous and difficult enter-
prise of passing within the enemy's lines on Long
Island, to ascertain their situation and designs.
This was an enterprise in which no laurels were
to be won, and great risk incurred. But it was
readily accepted by Captain Hale. He performed
his mission, and had got nearly back to his quar-
ters, when he was stopped by a picket guard, and
being recognized by a former friend, he betrayed
him, and he was immediately hanged as a spy,
without even the form of a trial. I had supposed
that at that time there were no Tories in Connec-
ticut, but it seems there was one malignant enough
to betray a friend and relative. Thus perished
Nathan Hale, in the morning of life, and at the
commencing of a career promising so much glory
to himself and so much advantage to his country;
thus perished Nathan Hale, and lamenting that
he had but one life to lose for his country.
I also hold a document, which I offer to accom-
pany these petitions. It has no particular refer-
ence to the case of Captain Hale, except so fur as
it goes to show the general Whig spirit which at
that early period prevailed in Connecticut, and
which, no doubt, contributed to inspire in the
breast of this noble youth that ardent love of
liberty, and that daring patriotism, which led him
into the field of danger, and inscribed his name
on the list of the first martyrs in that glorious
struggle.
This document consists of copies of sundry acta
and resolutions of the General Assembly of the
Colony, passed in May and June, 1776, which
prove that before the first motion for independ-
ence was made in Congress, the Colony of Con-
necticut had virtually separated itself from the
dominion and authority of the British Crown.
1 One is an act repealing the law in relation to
high treason, by conspiring against the life or
authority of the British monarch. The other
changes the forms of all legal proceedings, direct-
ing that the name of his majesty be no longer
used in any writ or other civil process. The
third is a resolution instructing the delegates of
the Colony in Congress to propose the independ-
ence of the several Colonies, and the establish-
ment of a confederation among the Colonics. This
was adopted in June; and, it would seem, before
the subject had been brought before Congress.
That, in the adoption of these resolutions, Con-
necticut was in advance of some of the other Col-
onies, I would by no means assert; for I believe
' some of them had adopted similar resolutions,
but none, I presume, had gone further or taken
a more bold and decided stand.
I do not find these resolutions, or any reference
to them, on the Journals of the old Congress; nor
do I find any resolutions or instructions from
any of the Colonies, except that, on the 27th of
May, 1776, it is entered on the Journal, that in-
structions to the delegates of those State  were
presented from Virginia and North Carolina,
which probably related to the question of inde-
pendence. The instructions are not entered on
the Journal.
As these acts and resolutions are short, I move
that they be read; and they should be preserved
in the archives of this Government, as they be-
long to the history of the Union. Perhaps we
may cotch some of'the Whig spirit of '76. Sir,
die Whigs of that day did not fear to arm; when
