ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
160
Post Roads be instructed to inquire in  the elrpediency of j
e>tabli-hi!i! a post road fiom Evansvilte, via Diamond
IslHi.d, to Mou.it \ emon, Indiana ¡ alo, toinquire into the
e\p alione i of establishing a po t route from New Harmon),
%ia Cwnhi ina, to E\ans-wtic, Indiana.                                  i
On motion by Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky, it
was
Ilcoli e!, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po-t Roads, b ■ infracted to inquire into the expediency of
e-tabli-hing a po-t route from Richmond, Madt-on county,
K«muek\, to London. Laurel county, Kentucky, and post
offices on said route ¡ also to inquire into tlie expediency of
r-tabh-lunga pot route from PcrrJ Court-house to Russell
Court nun e, Virginia, and pon ófliec9 on said route.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing the
name of Hugh McBrajer, of Kentucky, a soldier of the
Revolution, oa the pension list.
On motion by Mr. HARDIN, it was                  (
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
half pay, and the bounty land promised by Virginia, to the
boir=. and repre-intatives of John Roberts, a lieutenant in
the Virginia State line, and who continued in the service to
the end of the revoluüonary war.
On motion by Mr. McCARTY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post OfSce and
Post [toads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the lollowing po-t routes in Indiana, to wit:
From Richmond, by Newport and Winchester, to Fort
Wayne; from Conner.-viUe, by Hnrrisburg, Louisville, and
Newcastle, toMunc>town ; from Fairfield, by WM Union,
Columbia, and Danville, to RushviUe; from Fort Wayne, by
MeCormick's and Noblesville, to Indianapolis; and from
Toledo, hy Mungoqumon, South Bend, and LAporte, to
Ottawa, in Illinois; and, also, from Grant Courthouse to
Legrass.
On motion by Mr. HA WES, it was
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of establishing ports of entry at Bowling
Green and Morgantown, in the State of Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. HUNTSMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po>t Roads bs instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a po-t route from tlie tow n of Jackson, Madi-
son count}, by Trenton, Gibson county, to Troy, in Obion i
county, Tennessee, and to Milla' Point, in Kentucky.          i
On motion by Mr. LUKE LEA, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Marysville, in the county
of Blount, and State of Tennessee, by way of Montvail
Bpntigs, to Hugh Gormley's, on the Tennessee river, in
Monroe count).
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be m-tructcd to inquire into the expediency of increas-
ing the pension of Mijor William Smith, a soldier of the
revolutionary war, wlio now receives a pension as a private,
but who servd m the said warm the various capacities of
private, ensign, lieutenant, and captain.
On motion by Mr. FORESTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims inquire into
the exp°dieney of paying the widow of Andrew Stewart,
deceased, five years' half pay.
On motion by Mr. HAMER, it was
Resolved^ That tlie Committee on the Post Office and
Po-t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Winchester to Yvest Union,
in Adams county, Ohio.
On motion by Mr. KILGORE, it was
Keso.'ieJ, That the Committee on the  Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Massillon, in Ohio, to Canal
Dover, in the same State.
On motion by Mr. FRENCH, it was                  '
Jte?oh'«<!, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he in-tructed to inquire into the expediency of
estabh-lunga pon route from Louisia, in Lawrence county,
Kentucky, to West Libert), in Morgan county, of the same
State; and, also, into the propriety of establishing a post
office on said route, on Big Plain.
On motion by Mr. MAURY, it was                     I
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and '
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a pon route from Williamsport, in Maury
county, bv the way of True's store and Snow Creek, to
Franklin, in Williamson county, Tennessee.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing interest
on the amount of a claim granted to the legal representa-
tives of James Brown, deceased, by an act of Congress of
the 30th June, 1834.                                               B
On motion by Mr. STANDEFER, it was        |
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and I
Post Uoads inquire into the expediency of establishing a ,
post route from Dallas, Tennessee, passing through Look-
out and Wile's Valleys, to Ashville, Alabama.     "              '
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revoluüonary Claims
be instructed to inquire Into the propriety of nllowing to
John Emerson interest npon his commutation pay as a rev-
olntiona-y officer; and that the First Auditor be required
to furnish said committee with a enpv of all the pipers on
file in Ins office in the case on application of said Emerson
for commutation pay.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed toinquire into the expediency of causing each
of the mints of the United States to make a legal gold coin,
of the value of one dollar.
On motion by Mr. GRAYSON, it was
Resoled, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Pocotaligo, South Carolina,
by the «ay of Hickory Hill, to the Augusta road, and a post
office at Hickory Hill.
On motion by Mr. OWENS, it was
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of annexing a salary to, and
increasing the fees of the office of marshal of the district of
Georgia.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the expediency
of establishing a mail route from Morgantown, in Uurke
county, North Carolina, up John's nver, to John Mon's,
on Watauga, in Ashe county.
On motion by Mr. PINCKNEY, it was              '
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of allowing a salary to the dis-
trict attorney, and also to the United States marshals, for
South Carolina.
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of erecting a court-house in
Charleston. South Carolina, or of making some other pro-
vision for the accommodation of the Federal court in that
State.
On motion by Mr. GRANTLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road frora Centerville, or Turner's store,
in Wilkes county, by the way of Wright's store, on the
Skull-hoal road ; menee by the Bowling Green, John JM.
Coxe's store, and Poullan's bridge, to Salem, Clark county,
in the State of Georgia.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the declaration of Barnaby Haley, made
for a pension, under the act of Jane 7, 1833-, and rejected
by the Commissioner of Pensions, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, with instructions to in-
quire into the expediency of passing a special act for the
benefit of said Haley, allowing and giving him a pansion.
On motion by Mr. FORESTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Rev ilutionary Pen-
sions inquire into the expediency of placing James Franchcr,
of Tennessee, on the pension roll.
|     On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the payment of Captain Pearcer's company of mounted
volunteers, who were called into service during the late
Indian disturbances in Illinois, and who were not paid.
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
mail route from Leesburg, in Washington count)', Tennes-
see, via Newmansville, in Greene county, to Rogersville,
in Hawkins county.
On motion by Mr. LYON, it was
Resolved, That the communication from the President of
the United States to Congress, under date of the 6th of Febru-
ary, 1835, together with the accompanying documents, con-
taining tlie evidence of certain claims to reservations under
the fourteenth article of the treaty of J830 with the Choc-
taws, and printed with document No. 138, be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
Res lved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Uoads be uistructed to inquire into tb<* expediency of es- I
tabh-hing a mail route from Richmond, Kentucky, passing
Slaughter's salt works,Muunt Vernon, to Somerset,Pulaski
county, Kentucky.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending the mail route to Monticello, in the State of Ken-
tucky, (which now passes from Monroe, in Overton county,
to Jamestown, in Fentress county, in the State of Tennes-
see, where it now stops,) passing Abraham Vinwinkle's.
Jleíofeeí, That i';e Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roods be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route, leaving the present route, leading
from Barboursvllle, in the county of Knox, Komuckv, to
Williamsburg, in Whitley county, at Major Charles Sock
hold'8; thence by themoutb of Laurel river, the Stone coal
mines, Somerset, Mount Vernon,  and   Slaughter's  salt
works, to Richmond, in Madi-on county, Kentucky; and
that the petitions and papers referred at the last session of
Congress to said committee, in relation to so much of said
contemplated route as lies between Richmond, in Madison :
county, and Somerset, in Pulaski county, be again referred ¡
to said committee; and that the petitions and papers referred i
to «aid couimitee, at the last session, relating to post routes
from MoRrew, Tennessee, by JwnesftH#n< rt> Montieel'o,
Kentucky, and from Monroe, Tennessee, by Locust Shade,
to Burk--ville, Kentucky, and from BurksviUe to Gainsbo-
rough, Tennessee, be also referred to the same committee.
On motion by Mr. MUHLENBERG, the House
then (at four o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Febricanj 3, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
War Department, transmitting the annual list of
the officers and other persons employed in the
Indian departments.
Also, a report from the same Department, made
in obedience to the first section of the art of March,
1803, containing abstracts of the general returns
of the militia of the United States, with their arms
and equipments, for the year 1836.
MEMORIALS, PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a communication
from the Governor of" the State of New Jersey,
inclosing certain resolutions of the Legislature of
that State, instructing their Senators in Congress
to vote for expunging from the Journal of the
Senate the resolution of the 28th of March, 1834,
declaring that the President, in the late executive
Íiroceeding in relation to the removal of the pub-
ic deposits from the Bank of the LTnited States,
had assumed powers not warranted by law, and,
also, instructing them to vote against the renewal
of the charter of the Bank oí the United States, or
any similar bank; and further requesting them to
resign their seats in the Senate of tlie United States,
in case they should not think proper to vote as
above directed.
The resolutions were read and laid on the table.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from the
Select and Common Councils of the city of Phila-
delphia, stating that the city of Philadelphia, under
the will of the late Stephen Girard, have an in-
terest in certain lands in the State of Louisiana,
the title to which is derived through the Baron
Bastrop; that doubts have been suggested ia re-
gard to the validity of said title; and praying for
the passage of a law confirming the same or pro-
viding for the legal adjudication thereof; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented the memorial
of sundry citizens of Ohio, praying for an appro-
priation for the construction of a bridge across
the Ohio, near Wheeling; which was referred io
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WHITE presented the petitions of John
A. Rogers and of William Thorp; which were
referred, the first to the Committee oti Pensions,
the second to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of John
Good, praying remuneration for damages sus-
tained by him in consequence of the passage of
the Cumberland road through his land; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of Jo-
sette Baubier; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CUTHBERT presented the petition of
Brevet Major J. S. Mcintosh, of the United
States Army; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. TALLMAN presented the petition of
Thomas Harrison, praying for increase of pen-
sion; which was referred to the same committee.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petitioner the
yearly meeting of the Society of Friends, held in
the city of New York, for Vermont, and parts of
the States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, New
York, and New Jersey, praying Congress to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia; the
petition having been read,
Mr. CALHOUN demanded the preliminary
question on the reception of the petition.
Mr. CUTHBERT moved to lay the question
on the table. There was no room, he said, to
give reasons for a motion of this kind; but it was
evident that they must decide on some course
with regard to these petitions. The state-of
things required that some decision should be
made. He hoped that the question would, for
the present, be laid on the table.
This motion was agreed to.
