THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BHIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 34th Cowgress.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1836.
Volvme 3,...No. 11.
establishing a. mail route from CoatcstiUe, b>  aj of Doe |
R   1 1 In un   \V**twro\e  Uncommon, and Bo* d s store,
10 Mn ker~\. If ill in tut eouiiti 01 Chester, and Mate ot
PtniiMlvinia
On motion by Mr. CHAPÍN, it was
Resjhed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po-l Rotds bi uisuiKted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a uml route from Columbia, Ma   Cabean,
E core a Fall , to Washington, in Hemstead countv, Ark
ansas; and from Columbia, via mouth of Arkansas river,
mouth 01 While ru er, Helena, Greenock, aud the county
seat 01 Mississippi county, in Arkansas, to New Madrid,ill
the Slate Oi Missouri
On motion by Mr. BEAUMONT, it was
ÜMoired, That the Committee onlievolulionarv Pennons
be instructed to inquire in to the expedient v of making «some
provision tor the Widows ot revolutionary officers and sol-
dier  n ho were married balote or during the term ot the
service oí their husbands.
On motion bv Mr. DENNY, it was
JRMO.'rerf, That the memorial* relative to the extension of
the circuit court «mem to the western district of Pennsyl-
vania, and praviag that appeals to the Supreme Court may
jc auihonzod, in cases where toe sua in controversy nay
exceed the «urn of $1,000, be referred to the Committee on I
the Judician, and that said committee bo instructed to in
quire into the ctp"diencvot making an appropriation to aid
in the erection of suitable buildings at  Pitt bur;, for the
accommodation of the United States court in and for the
western district ot Pennsylvania
On motion by Mr. DENNY, it was
RneUed, Thai tli< Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing Cap-
tain John 1 uroer, of Pennsylvania, on the pension roll.
On motion by Mr. STEELE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making a further appro
p-uttion for placing bums in the rivers Great CboptanK,
Nanticoke. W tromico, Manokin. Annamessic, and Poko
moke, and in Tangier Sound; and an appropriation IVir
•recting light houses on Hooper s Island and sharp's Island.
Mr. TURRILL submitted the following reso-
lution; which, by the rule, lies oyer one day:
Rejoiced, That the Secretary of War be requested to
"ommumcate to this House, if in possession ot the War
Department, a eopv of the survey, plan, and estimates for
fht construction oí a ship canal to connect the waters of
Lake Erie and Lake Ontario, or any lafonnauon he may
possess 111 relation thereto.
Mr. GALBRAITH submitted the following
resolution; which, by the rute, lies over one day
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to this House the report of Lieutenant Thompson
S Brown, of the Cmted States Corps of engineers, relativi
to the harbor ot Pre que Isle, with the accompanying draw-
ing, and estimates.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The first bill in order on the Speaker's table
was the bill making appropriations in part for the
expenses of the Government for the year 1836,
commonly called the House contingent bill.
The bill was on its third reading, and there
were two motions pending—one by Mr. John-
son, of Tennessee, to recommit the bill to aCom-
mittee of the Whole, and the other, by Mr. Unr-
DSRWOOD, to recommit to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with instructions to adopt some uni-
form regulation relating to the pay and mileage
of members of Congress
Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, recommended
that the bill should pass by consent as it stood,
reserving the items respecting the pay and mile-
age of members of Congress to future considera-
tion in a separate bill. He expressed himself as
desirous as any other gentleman that this subject
should be regulated in a uniform manner.
Mi. UNDERWOOD feared that, if the bill
was now passed without the deductions he pro-
posed, that the subject would not come up again
for consideration during this session Mr? U.
referred to a senes of statements to show that,
by the present regulations, the mileage of mem-
bers was exceedingly unequal There was no
difficulty in ascertaining the facts, so as to adopt
a unifoim rule the post office routes would be
sufficient
Mr. JOHNSON said, that had always bcenhis
rule since he hjd been a member of Congress.
He doubted wnether such a measure could prop-
erly be introduced into an appropriation bill forex-
oenses of mileage under the existing regulations
It came under the cognizance of a different com-
mittee, to whom he wished to send the whole
subject for investigation He trusted the bill
would be recommitted to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to amend it in
the particulars he had indicated when the bill was
last under consideration.
Mr. LANE made a brief explanation of the
charges for mileage made by himself and other
members from Indiana He would vote for reg-
ulating the pay, or for reducing it
Mr. McKENNAN thought the present bill the
best place for an amendment to regulate this mat-
ter He knew there was much irregularity, if
not abuse, in the mode of charging mileage. In-
stead of charging by the mail lotite, gentlemen
were too generally 111 the habit of consulting their
own convenience for business or comfort, and
going a long way by steamboat or railroad. He
hoped the motion to recommit with instructions
w ould prevail
Mr WARD would go as far as any gentleman
to correct abuses; but the present bill was not, 111
his opinion, the proper place to do it
Mr. ADAMS should vote for the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Uvderwood,]
though he was greatly opposed to delaying the
passage of the bill
Mr. HARDIN said it was impossible to limit
an appropriation for printing before they knew
what it would come to; and he could not see how
the Committee of Ways and Means were to reg
ulate the question of mileage. Could it be by
latitude and longitude from Washington city'
The present regulation, prescribing the mode to
be by the "usual route," was the best, and to
leave it to the honor of gentlemen to say they had
so traveled. The members from Kentucky still
pursued the same route they had traveleJd for
thirty or forty years. He was for passing the bill
as it was, and to regulate the matter of printing
hereafter by not ordering somuch workto bedone.
Mr. PEYTON hoped the motion would prevail.
The rule of honor was subject to various con-
stiuctions; and lug own State presented the case
of one gentleman who placed a different con-
struction upon the meaning of the law from all
his colleagues, for he pursued all the turnings
and meandenngs of the Ohio river, by taking the
river route. Two gentlemen came from the same
city, traveled in the same stage together, and one
charged two hundred dolUrs more than the othei.
Mr. GIDEON LEE was opposed to the re-
committal of the bill. The people of the city were
suffering, or would suffer, for the wint of this
bill being passed, if the deposit bank had not made
advances on account of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD slid the balance of the
bill need not be delayed.
Mr MANN, of New York, cared not in what
bill a good provision came, so that they got it;
and the best way to correct abuses was, to hold
fast by the money. For this reason, among
others, he should vote to recommit the bill, with
instructions Appropriation bills were the proper
place to correct evils, and nowhere else could this
be done so effectually
Mr ANTHONY said it would not be amiss
to establish a geographical society, to assist the
Committee on Accounts in this matter. He drew
the attention of the House to the great disparity
in the case of members coming from a short
distance, and those who were able to travel two
hundied miles a day in steamboats. Instead of
twenty miles a day, the day's mileage should be
for forty. The members who came from the far
Westreceived more than double what was received
by those who had a shorter distance, and all by
land. He hoped the bill would be lecommitted,
and that some regulation would be adopted to do
away with this inequality. His rule was, that
whr nevera thing could be done, mere form should
be set aside.
Mr MERCER said he should vote for the in-
structions
Mr. CAMBRELENG said the Committee of
Ways and Means had reported this bill for the
convenience of the House, and if the other mem-
bers of the committee felt as he d (1, they cared
very little what disposition the House made of
the bill. He hoped, however, the House would
gratify the gentleman from Kentucky; but he
trusted the gentleman would modify the motion,
by referring the bill and instructions to a select
committee. The Speaker and Clerk were the
executive officeis of the House, and not the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which he hoped
would be released fio in the proposed duty under
these instructions He hoped the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Uvderwood] would accept the
modification.
Mr. ANTHONY moved to amend the instruc-
tions by insertuig the word " equalize" the mile-
age of members of Congress.
Mr. HARPER said, the chingo that had taken
place since the regulation in the mode of travel-
ing was so great as to rend* r it indispensable
that a new regulation should be adopted, and he
hoped a remedy would be instantly applied
Mr PATTON said, this same thing had hap-
pened during every session he had been 111 Con-
gress, and he never km w an attempt of the kind
to be unsuccessful. The hw alieady in force
was long settled and establish! d, and it was under
that existing statute that the Committee of Ways
and Means had reported this bill The membei*
now here had a right to their pny and inilcige
under that law. No doubt theie were many
abuses, but the consideration of them did not
come within the province of tin Committee of
Ways and Means If there was time tointio-
duce a separate law on this suhject, lie should
have no objection to postpone the bill until that
could be done, but he was at a loss to neiccive
how it could be done in the present bill He wis
for going to the matter so as to have a full and
fair inquiry into the whole subject, and to pass
some law by which the abuses at present existing
might be in future avoided.
Mr. DUNLAP was strongly in favor of some
uniform method, and that that House should put
its own construction upon the law. He should,
therefore, vote for the instructions.
Mr. HANNEG \N entered into a warm defense
of the Rcpiesentativcs of the West, in reply to
Messrs. McKevvan and Avthovy
Mr. ANTHONY moved to insert the woids,
" the propriety of regulating," &.c.
Mr. D. J. PEARCE could not see the pro-
priety of legislating in this bill It was proposed
to insert a new law, which s lould endure foi a
length of time, into an appiopiation bill, which
was 111 foice only for one yeai.    He was not op-
fiosed to legislating on this subject, but to legis-
ating 111 an improper manner He alluded to the
same thing having been done 111 foiiner appro-
priation bils, and the result had been productive
of endless disputes as to what was the true con-
struction of those laws. He was in favor of the
appointment of a committee who could investigate
the subject and bring forward a bill upon which
the House might act advisedly, and legislate per-
manently. He was opposed to this kind of in-
cidental and temporary legislation, it wasentirely
out of phce and improper, and never produced
any benefit.
Without taking the question the House, on
motion by Mr. GRENNCLL, adjourned
IN SENATE.
Wepnesd\t, February 3, 1836.
Mi    NAUDAIN, fiom   the   Committee   on
Claim , to whieh had been referred the bills from
the House for the relief of William Findley, for
the relief of Mannus W. Gilbert, for the relief
of William Baker, of New York; and foi the íelicf
of Doctor William Baker, of the City of Wash-
ington, reported them severally, without amend
ment.
Jl
