164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
was not a fit subject of rebuke to the majority of
this House. lie (lid not know that the honorable
cenilein.in intended to rebuke the majority; but
he at least took good care to remind them very
often of the evils of their rules.
The honorable arntleman from Tennessee
seemed to think, that it was vitally important to
the people that this, and other subjects of im-
portance, to which he had adverted, should be
here discussed. He (Mr. V.) had not, for some
time past, so far as the enlightening of the ptople icos
concernid, been in the habit of attaching quite as
much importance to speeches made here, and in
the other end of the Capitol, as was ascribed to
them by many other gentlemen. He did not be-
lieve that this was the fountain, the source of all
light for the people. No; he believed that the
people of this country had wisdom enough to un-
derstand their political rights and interests, and
independence enough to assert and vindicate them;
and if gentlemen here would more frequently
yield to, or profit by, the lessons which the people
taught them, they would be more apt to Derpet-
uate the confidence, and subserve the interests of
the people. But, if gentlemen wanted to make
speeches to enlighten the people, they could as
well perform that duty after the report of a stand-
ing cemmittee as after the report of a select com-
mittee. They might make their two hours'speech,
print it in the Globe or Sun, and thus illuminate
the benighted people. The argument of the hon-
orable gentleman [Mr. Bell] in favor of a select
committee, because of the facility that might be
afforded to make speeches, was as unsound as
the argument that it ought to be referred to a se-
lect committee on account of its importance.
Mr. BELL briefly rejoined, and denied that he
was impelled by any party or partisan views m
the course he should take on this subject.
Mr. MANN explained that he had made the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary, because he believed that to be the
proper course, and he saw no reason to deviate
from that course, unless there was some great
principle that could be brought to bear against
the propriety of doing so. He agreed that the
subject was one of the highest importance, and
one that required the most deliberate considera-
tion. But it was not a new proposition, for it
was as early as the first Congress. Mr. M. had
heard no reason why the usual course should be
departed from. The gentleman from Tennessee
had manifested a very commendable zeal in re-
gard to the business of the House, and told them
that times had changed—strangely changed. Mr.
M. would ask, was it not rather a change of the
gentleman than a change of the times? With
regard to the complaints made about the rules of
the House, he could not perceive theirapplieation
to the present question of referring this bill to a
standing committee. Mr. M. had, as the prin-
cipal organ of the committee of the House on the
subject of the rules, made a rsport thereon, and
had purposed to call it up; but he had, as yet,
been unable to do so. If he waited till it became
the regular order, he feared the report would not
be considered during the present session; and for
the purpose of endeavoring to discharge his duty,
he would ask the House to take it up every day,
from that day henceforward, until a decided man-
ifestation of the House rejected his motion. Mr.
M. complained of the disingenuous imputation
cast upon the majority by the gentleman from
Tennessee, of wishing to evade the question.
Mr. BELL said it was in answer to charges of
that description against himself.
Mr. MANN said that did not alter the case at
all, for it was equally disengenuous. Mr. M.
made some further remarks in relation to the rules
of the House; and concluded by saying, that he
had heard and saw no objection whatever to re-
ferring this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL wished to say a word in reply to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mann,] who,
no doubt, intended to be severe in saying that
" men have changed as well as times." Mr. B.
said, however men may change, principles do not
change.
Mr. MANN, in reply, said that he only asserted
a general proposition that men change as well as
" times." The gentleman from Tennessee says,
"that principles never change."   I know that,
I sir, (said Mr. M.,) but I know that men sometimes
I change principles.
1     Mr. MERCER desired to know whether the
1 Committee on the Judiciary could act promptly
¡ on the bill ?
I Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, asked for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. THOMAS, as a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, in reply to Mr. Mercer's in-
terrogatory, said, that it would be taking too much
upon him for any member of the committee to
answer the question. He said the House would
certainly not be prepared to take it up in less than
ninety days.
Mr. INGERSOLL said the main reason given
for sending this bill to the Committee- on the Ju-
diciary—viz: because itchanged an existinglaw—
would send every proposition for a new law, or
to change an old one, to that committee. He was
in favor of referring it to a select committee.
Mr. SUTHERLAND adverted to the rule in
regard to the reference of subjects to committees,
and contended that the present bill involved legal
and constitutional questions, which rendered its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary pe-
culiarly proper. He did not object to a thorough
examination of the subject, and, when a report
should be made, that it should be discussed fully
and freely. There was other business, however,
of paramount importance to the nation, which
he would not lay down for the purpose of first
deciding whether John Doe or Richard Roe
should hold the offices of the country.
Mr. PHILLIPS said, if it could be mado ap-
parent that this bill caine within the province of
the Committee on the Judiciary, he would vote
to send it to that committee; but it was not mere-
ly a legal question. It involved questions which
did not come within the province of that commit-
tee. He was strongly in favor of sending the
subject to a select committee.
Mr. HAMER rose to reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] It was not his in-
tention to prevent discussion on the present ques-
tion, and he hoped his course had not been such
as to prevent it. He was against a reference to
J   a  select committee, because the members who
I would compose that committee  must be taken |
'l from the standing committees; and by that means ]
it would interfere with the business of the stand-
ing committees.
1 Mr. MERCER said, he had understood from
11 the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, that a
j   report might be had from that committee on the
I subject before the House would be prepared to
act upon it.
Mr. THOMAS said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mercer] had misunderstood him. He
had said that the committee had several questions
before it; bu^ he was of opinion that a report
I might be made in the course of sixty or ninety
j days; before which time he presumed the House
would not be prepared to act upon the subject.
Mr. MERCER said he did not misunderstand
i the gentleman. He was aware, from the amount
of business before the House, that it would not
1 beprepared to act on that subject before that time.
Mr. McKIM demanded the previouj question,
but subsequently withdrew the motion.
Mr. BELL made a few remarks in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hamer.] He thought
they ought to consider the question as far as was
1 possible to do so, or as far as human nature per-
I mitted of, apart from party feelings.
!     Mr. ROBINSON said that there was a mass of
^ business before the Committee on the Judiciary;
and such was the condition of things that it would
| be impossible for the committee, in consequence
of the Ohio boundary and other questions before
them, to act speedily on the present subject, if it
should be referred to them.   He should, there-
1 fore, oppose it.
| Mr. pVTEE J. PEARCE said, as the bill
under discussion involved constitutional rights,
he thought the Committee on the Judiciary0was
I the most appropriate reference it could have.
1     Mr. ADAMS said, as the yeas and nays were
to be called on the question, he wished to give
his reasons for voting against sending the subject I
to the Committee on the Judiciary.    It was not
because he had less confidence in that committee
. than any other, but because all questions comino- '
before the House, relative to alterations or amend-
ments of the Constitution, were referred to a se-
lect committee. The present subject being of that
nature, he was in favor of its having the same
reference, and would, therefore, vote for sending
it to a select committee.
The subject was further discussed at some
length by Mr. PEYTON and Mr. GLASCOCK,
when
Mr. PATTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. VANDERPOEL called for the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered; and
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 4, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Navy Department, made in pursuance of the sec-
ond section of the act of May, 1820, containing a
statement of the appropriations made for the naval
service for the year 1635.
Also, a letter from the War Department, with
a report from the Adjutant General's office, and
fifty copies of the Army Register for the year
1835, for the use of the ¡senate.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial and
documents of William B. Foster, of the city of
Pittsburg, a deputy commissary of purchases for
the Army of the United States during the late
war, praying compensation for extra services;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Missouri, praying for the establish-
ment of a post route from the seat of government
of the State of Missouri, to the seat of govern-
¡ ment of the Territory of Arkansas; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Mis-
souri, asking for the creation of a new laml office;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Connecticut, praying for the
establishment of a new post route; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented the reso-
lutions of the General Assembly of the State of
Illinois, instructing their Senators, and requesting
their Representatives in Congress, to use their
exertions to procure the passage of a law making
an appropriation for the building of an hospital at
or near the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, to which had been referred the petitions
of James F. Southoron and William A. Gordon,
reported bills for their relief; which were sever-
ally read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition
of John M. Gamble, reported a bill for his relief;
j which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been referred the pe-
tition of Beverly Allen, reported a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Nathaniel
Shaver, deceased; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the bill for the relief
of Joseph Hertick, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill for the
relief of Benjamin Franklin Stickney, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. SWIFT, from the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of the
heirs of Richard Mason.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the select committee to
which was referred that portion of the President's
message relating  to the attempts to  circulate
through thp public mails publications calculated
