1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
to excite insurrection among the slaves of the
slaveholdmg States, made a report thereon, ac-
companied by a bill.
The report, which is a very long one, having
been read, the bill was read the first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
The following is a synopsis of the bill:
Sec. 1 provides, that it shall not be lawful for
any deputy postmaster knowingly to receive and
put into mail any pamphlet, newspaper, handbill,
or other printed, written, or pictorial representa-
tion touching the subject of slavery, directed to
any person or post office where, by the laws
thereof, their circulation is prohibited, nor to
deliver the same to any person whatsoever, except
such persons as may be authonzed by the proper
authority of such State, dc.
Sec. 2 authorizes the Postmaster General to
dismiss deputies offending in the premises; and
persons so offending are, on conviction, to be
fined not less than-------, and not more than-------,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3 provides, that it shall be the duty of
deputy postmasters, &c, to cooperate in present-
ing the cuculation of pamphkts, and that nothing
in former acts of Congress shall be so construed
as to protect those convicted as above mentioned.
Sec. 4 makes it the duty of the Postmaster
General to furnish to the deputies the laws of the
several States prohibiting the publication or cir-
culation, <Xx., for their government; and makes
regulations to cany the act into effect.
Sec 5 piovides, that deputies shall give notice
to the Postmaster General where pamphlets are
deposited, that they may be withdrawn by the
persons depositing them, and, if not withdrawn
in the space of one month, they are to be burnt
or destroyed.
Mr. MANGUM moved that live thousand
extra copies of the report be printed.
Mr. DAVIS said, that as a motion had been
made to print the paper purporting to be a report
from the select committee of which he was a
member, he would remark that the views con-
tained in it did not entirely meet his approbation,
though it contained many things which he ap-
pro-iedof. He had risen for no other purpose
than to make this statement, lest the impression
should go abroad with the report that he assented
to those poi tions of it which did not meet his
approbation.
Air. KING, of Georgia, said, that lest the same
misunderstanding should go forth with respect
to his views, he must state that the report was
not entirely assented to by himself. However,
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] in making this report, had already stated
that the majority of the committee did not agree
to the whole of it, though many parts of it were
concurred in by all.
Mr. DAVIS said he would add further, that
he might have taken the usual course, and made
an additional report containing all Ins views on
the subject, but thougl t it hardly worth while,
and he had contented himself with making the
statement that he had just made.
Mi. KING, of Alabama, said this was a de-
parture fiom the usual course—by it a majority
might dissent; and yet, when the report was
published, it would seem to be a report of the
committee of the Senate, and not a report of two
members of it. It was proper that the whole
matter should go together with the bill, that the
report submitted by the majority might be read
with the bill, to show that the reading of the
report was in conflict with the principles of the
bill reported. He thought the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Mavgum] had better modify his
motion, so as to have the report and bill published
together.
Mr. LINN remarked that, being a member of
the committee, it was but proper for him to say,
that he had assented to several parts of the report,
though he did not concur with it in all its parts.
Should it become necessary, he would, when the
subject again came before the Senate, explain in
what particular he had coincided with the views
given in the report, and how far he had dissented
from them. The bill (he said) had met with his
appiobation.
Mr. CALHOUN said he hoped his friend from
North Carolina would modify his motion, so as
I to include the printing of the bill with the report.
It would be seen, bv comparing both together,
that there was no non stquiturm the bill, coming
as it did after this report.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, had only stated his
impressions from hearing the report and bill read.
It appeared to him unusual that a report should
be made by a minority,and merely acquiesced in
by the committee,and that the bill should be ad-
verse to it.
Mr. DAVIS said the report was, as he under-
stood it to be read fiom the chair, the report of
the committee. He had spoken for himself only,
and for nobody else, lest the impression might go
abroad that he concurred in all parts of the repoi t,
when he dissented from some of them.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that a majonty of the
committee did not concur in the report, though
theie were two members of it—himself and the
gentleman from North Carolina—who concurred
throughout; three other gentlemen concurred with
the greater part of the report, though they dis-
sented fiom some parts of it, and two gentlemen
concurred also with some parts of it. As to the
bill, two of the committee would have preferred
a different one, though they had rather have that
than none at all; another gentleman was opposed
to it altogether. The bill, however, was a natural
consequence of the report, and the two did not
disagree with each other.
Mr. CLAY said reports were merely argument-
ative papers, and were not considered as adopted
paragraph by paragraph by the Senate, in or-
dering them to be printed. If a bill embracing
the principles of a report was adopted, the reason-
ing of the report might, so far as applicable, be
considered as adopted.
Mr. LEIGH rose merely to state to the Senator
from Alabama, that the bill did not contradict the
reasoning of the repoi t, and was confirmatory of
that portion of it to which it referred. This the
gentleman would see when he came to read the
report and bill together.
Mr. MANGUM then modified  his motion by
I moving to print five thousand copies of the report,
together with the bill, which motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
I Mr RUGGLES submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies on the table one day:
[ Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road., be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot estab
li hiiig, by law, a post route from Thomastown, through
Cu-hing and friendship, in the State of Maine ; also, from
East Tnomastown to Owlshead, in the same State
Mr WHITE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
requested to iniorm the Senate what number oi the Cher-
okee Indiana residing ea-t of the nv^r Mississippi enrolled
themselves for removal to the western side ot said river,
from the 4th day of March, 1829, to the 1st day of January
last, stating particularly the number enrolled each year,
likcvvi-e the number of improvement- valued for each emi-
grant in each year, giving the name of each Indian for whom
a reservation was made, a description of the plate valued,
tile sum at which it was valued, and the name of each per
son who received the valuation money; and also whether
the business o! enrollment was suspended for any portion
of the tmie within the periods before mentioned, and how
long.
Mr BUCHANAN submitted the following
resolution, which lies on the table one day:
Rcsohcd, That the rules ot the Senate be so modified that
each Senator miy introduce not e\ceedmg three ladies
daily into the circular lobbj, under such regulations as the
Vice President may direct.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.                          '
The Senate then took up Mr. Benton's resolu-
tion for appropriating the surplus revenue to
national defense; when
Mr MANGUM, who was entitled to the floor,
yielded to
Mr. CLAYTON, who addressed the Senate
till the usual hour of adjournment; when, without
concluding, he gave way to
Mi. PORTER, on whose motion the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 4, 1836.
Mr. PINCKNEY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication from the Secretary of th"
Navy, in relation to a naval depot in the harbor
of Charleston; which was ordered to be printed.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. PINCKNEY asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a resolution, relative
to the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. His object was, to have the resolution
printed; and when the pending resolutions on the
subject should be taken up, he should offer his
proposition in lieu of the same.
Mr. GRANGER called for the reading of the
resolution; which was read accordingly, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That all the memorials which have been of-
fered, or m*v hereafter be presented to this House, praying
for the -ibilition of -la\er> in the District of Columbia, and
al-o Un1 r solutions offered by an honorable member from
Mame, [Mr J irvis,] with the amendment thereto, pro-
posed by an honorable member from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
and cverj other papor or proposition that may be submitted
in relition to that subject, be referred to a select commit-
tee, with instructions to report that Congress possesses no
coiHtitunonal authority to interfere in any way with the
institutions of slavery m any of the States of this Confeder-
acy ; and that, in the opinion of this House, Congress ought
not to interfere in any way with slavery in the District of
Columbia, because it would be a violation of the public
fiith, unw ise, impolitic, and dangerous to the Union , as-
signing auch reasons tor these conclusions as in the judg-
ment of the committee may be best calculated to enlighten
the public mind, to repress agitation, to allay excitement,
to sustun and preserve the just rights of the slavebolding
States and of the people of tins District, and to reestablish
Inrmony and tranquillity amongst the various sections of
the Union
Mr. WISE then rose and objected to its recep-
tion.
Mr. PINCKNEY moved to suspend the rules,
in order to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. MANN, of New York, asked for the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules;
l which were ordered.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD inquired whether, if
the rule was suspended,and theresolution offered,
it would not open the whole subject for debate at
this time.
j Mr. PINCKNEY repeated tha* his only object
was to present his resolution, for the purpose of
having it printed for the information of members;
and that when the subject should again come up,
he contemplated moving it as a substitute for the
propositions before the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, again
called for the reading of the resolution; which
being done,
Mr. MORGAN moved to lay the motion to
suspend the rules on the table.
|     Mr. HAWES called for the yeas and nays;
| which were not ordered.
The motion to lay the motion to suspend the
i rules on the-table was negatived.
The question on the suspension of the rules was
then taken by yeas and nays, as follows:
YE 4S—Messrs Adams, Anthony, Ash, Barton, Beale,
Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Bond, Boyd, Bnggs, Brown,
Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Can-, Casey, George Cham-
bers, John Chambers, Chapín, Chauey, John F H. Clai-
borne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cashing,
Cushman, Deberry, Denny, Dickson, Effner, Evans, Ever-
ett, Fairfield, Farhn, Fowler, Fry, philo C. Fuller, Gal-
braith, James Garland, Gillet, Granger, Grantland, Graves,
Hamer, Hannesran, Harper, Samuel S Hamson, Hawes,
Haynes, Hazeltine, Henderson, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard,
HuUey, Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingram, Joseph
Jack-on, Jarvis, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kilgore,
Kinnard, Lane, Lawrence, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Logan,
Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Manning, WUliam Mason, Moses
Maton, Sampson Mason, May, McKay, McKim, McLene,
Miller, Moore, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks,
I Patterson, Patton,Dutee J Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Phelps,
Pmckney, Rencher, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds,
Roane, Rogers, Schenck, Seymour, Augustine H. Shep-
perd, Sloane, Smith, Spaugler, Storer, Sutherland, Taylor,
Thomas, John Thomson, Toucey, Turner, Turnll, Vander-
po(l,Vinton,Wagener,Ward, Wardwell,Weeks, and Lewis
Williams-124
NAY8—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Ashley,
I Banks, Boon, Borden, Bovee, Bunch, John Calboon, WU-
i ham B. Calhoun, Carter, Chapman, Chdds, Nathaniel H.
{ Claiborne, Clark, Crane, Darlington, Dickerson, Dunlap,
Forester, French, Rice Garland, Glascock, Grayson, Gren-
nell, Griffin, Haley, Ililand Hall, James H. Hammond, Hard,
Hardin, Harlan, Heister, Hoar, Howell, Ingersoll, William
Jackson, Janes, Judson, Laporte, Lawler, Lay, Lake Lea,
Lincoln, Love, Lyon, Martin, John Y. Mason, Maury,
McKennan, Mercer, Morgan, Morns, James A. Pearce,
Pettigrew, Peyton, Pickens, Potts, Robertson, Russell, Wil-
liam B Shepard, Shields, Shinn, Standefer, Steele, Tali-
aferro, Waddy Thompson, Towns, Underwood, Webster,
White, Whittlesey. Sherrod Williams, and Wise—75.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds being necessary.
