166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
I
EXLCirm E COMMUNIC VTIONS.             ,
T -^L \KLR ! I'd befe re t'ic House the fol-
low   '-T i 'in mum itnn-
I    A letter from the Secretary of Vv ar, trans-
mirtnV an nbstiact of the eencro' returns of the
milm-Tot the ImtedSates. which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
II    A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mttimsralist ofthe pel sonsemplo\ed in the Indian
Depaument wInch was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordeied to be printed
III    A communication from the Secretary of
the IS aw , transmitan ; a statement of the expend-
itures of appropriations for the naval service for
the year 1835; which was laid on the table, and
ú.dcíed to k printed
IV    A letter fiom the Secretary of War, trans-
mitan? two hundred and fifty copies of the offi-
cial *\rm\ Register for 1835, which was laid on
tin tabic, and oidered to be printed.
V. A report from the Commissioner of the
Public Buildings, of the expenditures on the
nibtic buildings, and other objects under his care,
or the j ear 1835, which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed
REPORT ON THE RULES.
Mr. MANN, of New York, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up and con-
s dcr the report of the select committee on the
rules.
Oojection being made,
Mr MANN moved a suspension of the rules
foi this purpose.
Vfr BELL called for the yeas and nays on the
motion* which were ordered, and were as follows:
TEA-'—Messrs   Chilton Allan, Ifcmin Allen, A«hlev,
Bealc. Bell, Bockee, Bond, Boon, Horden. Bovd, Bngg-,
Bunch, Buium, JohnCalhoon Hilliimll tilhoun,Cainp
be\\. Carter, Casey, George Chambers, John  Clnmbcr-,
CluIrL, Ciark, Cleveland, Conner. Com in. Cran", Cu laug,
Davis Dtfberrv Deunv, Dickson, Dunlap Everett, Fore-ter,
Fry,Philo C Fuller, RiceGarland, Graham,Granger. Gniv
ion Grennell, Griffin, Jo-eph Hall, Hilantl Hall, Hamer,
Hard, Hardin, Harlan. Harper, Hazelliae, Hci-ter Howell,
üunt. Hunt-man, Ingersoll, Jane-, Hcnrv Johnson, Kin
nard. Line, Lupine, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Luke Lea.
Lincoln, Love, Lyon, Abijah Mann, Samp on  Ma on,
Maury, vlay, VIcKay, McKennan, Mcheoii, Mercer. Milh
gan, Moore, Morn-, Parker, James A  Pearce, Pcttigrew,
Pevton, Phillips, Pickens, Potts, Rencher, John Kevnnlds,
Ripkv, Roane, Robertson, Russell, Schenck, William B
tibepard. Augustine H Suepperd, Shield-, Sloane, bpanglcr,
Sprague, Standeier, Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Turner, Cn
dcro ood, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, Lewi  Williams, and
\\ i-c—102.
"VVYS—Messrs   Adams, Anthony, Ash, Banks, Barton,
Bean, Beiumont Bovee, Brown, Burns, Cambreleng,Carr,
Chanel, Chapman, Chapín, John r H Claiborne, Coffee,
Cole=, Craig, Cramer, Cu-hman. Darlington, Dicker on,
Douhledai, Dromgoole, Eflner, Fairfield, Farhn, Fowler,
French, William K Fuller, GaJbrarth, James Garland, Gil-
let Gli cock. Grantlanri, Hiley. Hannegan, Samuel S Har
rjson, Albert G Harn*on. ffane-, Hawkins, Haynes, Hen
derson,Hoar, Hol-ey, Hopkins, Howard Hublcv, Hunting
ton, Ineham, William Jackson, Joseph Jackson, Jams,
Joseph John-on, Benjamin Jones, Jud-on,Kennon, Kdgore,
Lansinc, Lawlrr, Lay, Jo-eph Lee,Leonard, Logan, Loy-
all, Job Mann, Manning, Jlaran, John Y Ma-on, William
Maton, Moses Ma^on, McKim, MeLonc, Miller, Morgan,
Munlcnberg, On en , Page, Parks, Patter-on, Patton.Dutce
J Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Plielp   Finekne\, Jo-eph Rev
noli! , Roger , Sevmour, Slnnn Smith, Suthorlinil, Ta\lor,
John Thomp on, Tosvn , Turnll, \anderpocl, Wigencr,
W ard, W a-dwell, Webster, Weeks, and Slierrod Williams
—103
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two-
thirds being necessary.
On motion by Mr. W.B. SHEPARD, the rules
were suspended for the purpose of calling for
reports from committees.
SLFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resohed, That so much ofthe nineteenth rule of the House
which appropriates Friday and Saturday in each week to
the consideration of private bill , be  u-pended on Saturday
next, and that the bill for the relief of the sufferers by fire,
in the city of New York, be made the special order of the
day, at one o'clock on that day.
The resolution was rejected—ayes 109, noes 66;
two thirds being necessary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Major Gen-
eral Alexander Macomb; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Indian
Afftirs, repoi ted a bill for the rt hef of Reuben E.
Gentry, William Monroe, and others, which was
read t\\ ici , and committal
Mr P C rrjLLLK.from the Committee on
Claims, reporh d a bill foi the relief of Simuel
Sanderson, which was re\d twice and commuted.
Mr WILLIAM B. SHEPARD, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, reported
a bill for the relief of the several corporate cities
ofthe District of Columbia, which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Rudd, and the representatives of Samuel Stout,
deceased; which wns rend twice and committed.
Mr THOMSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported, without amendment, bills
from the Senate, providing for the increase ofthe
corps of engineers, and for other purposes, and
for the better organization of the corps of topo-
graphical engineers; and the simo were commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of William
Christy; which vv,<s read twice and committed.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on Pnvatc Land Claims, reported a bill
for the relief of John Borey, of Arkansas; which
was read twice and committed
Mr. CRANE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief ofthe legal representatives
of Joseph Young, deceased; and
A bill for the relief ofthe legal representatives
of Colonel Willis Reddick, deceased.
Mr. LAY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of James Mullings; and
A bill for the relief of Stephen Talmadge.
Mr BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which weie
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Francis S. St. Clair;
and
A bill for the relief of Luke Voorhees.
Mr ASH, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
reported a bill for the relief of Captain F. A. Par-
kci; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JANES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to John Collins, which was read twice and
committed
Messrs. Whittleset and Philo C. Fuller,
from the Committee on Claims; Messrs. Wil-
liams of North Carolina, Boon, and CASET.from
the Committee on Public Lands', Messrs. Parker
and Jarvis, from the Committee on Naval Affairs;
Messrs. Thomson of Ohio, Coffee, Bunch, and
McKay, from the Committee on Military Affairs;
Messrs. Harrison of Pennsylvania, Beale,
Shinn, and Tatlor, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions; Messrs. Muhlenberg and Kin-
nard, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; Mr. McKeon, from the Committee on
the Library; Mr. Adams, from the Committee
on Manufactures, and Messrs. Storer, Lea,
Morgan, and Janes, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions—made unfavorable re-
ports upon various petitions and memorials,
which were ordered to lie on the table.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr J. Y. MASON submitted the following
resolution; which,by the rule,lies over one day.
Rcsohed, That the President of the United States be re
nuc-lert to communicate to this Hou=e a statement showing
the amount ot duties received into the Treasury of the
United States, on wines and silks of the production of
France, since the passage ofthe act entitled, "An act to carry
into effect the convention between the United States and
his Majesty the Kin  ofthe French," concluded at Paris on
the 4th of July, 1831, approved the 13th of July, 1832, and
the amount of duties which would have been chargeable on
the  ame importations under the revenue laws as they ex
isted at the time of the passige of that act, with the amount
of importations of those articles in each year for five years
past, that he be also requested to communicate to this
Hou-e a statement showing in analytical form the awards
made by the commissioners who acted under the act afore-
said in execution ofthe sai(j convention, their amount, the
several classes or categories in which they are arranged, and
the amount ofthe award  belonging to each class.
On motion by Mr. CHAPMAN, it was
Resohtd, That the Seercta-y of War be directed to fur-
nt«h, for the use of tin- House, nnv information In his Dp-
pirtmcnt in relition to the piogre-a and piesent condition
ol tin improv nient <>t til Tt nnc i>ee n\cr at the Mu«ele
iml Co licit- -lioil , ind pirticuliil\ tin rt pmt m-idc by
Colond James Ktirnev, tinder \n o'dei rontnung him to
examine and report the -t ue ofthe said lvork
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
Mi. WISE rose and said he wished to make
an inquiry ofthe chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. Whether they
would soon make a report on that part of the
President's message relating to the transmission
of incendnry publications by the mail'
Mr. CONNOR could only reply to the gentle-
man's intenog<itor\ , by stating that the subject
was now undt i the advisement of the committee,
who would decide upon it as soon as possible—
perhaps at an eat Iy, perhaps at a late day. It
rested with a majority of the committee to say
when, in their judgment, it would be most ex-
pedient and prop< r to bun? it before the House.
Mr. MANN, of New Yoik, inquired of the
Chair whether it was competent for him, at that
time, to move to take up and consider the repoit
ofthe select committee on the rules, and whether
it was not in the power of the majority to take
up that report'
The CHAIR replied in the negative. The rules
having been suspended for the purpose of receiv-
ing reports, it would require two thirds to take
up a repoit upon the table.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations in part for the sup-
port of tin Government for the year 1836, com-
monly called the House contingent bill.
The bill was on its third reading, with two
pending motions, one by Mr. Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, to recommit to the Committee of the Whole
on the state ofthe Union, and the other by Mr.
Underwood, of Kentucky, to recommit to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with the follow-
ing instructions:
With instructions to report one uniform mode of paying
the mileage ot the members of tin  House and the Senate,
or to ascertain the mileage of etch member ot Congress,
and to report an item for paying the mileage ofthe members
of the House, and a separate item tor pay ing the mileage of
the members of the Senate, which items shall not exceed
the aggregate ofthe sums allowed each Senator and Rcpre
sentative respectively, according to some uniform rule to
be fixed by the committee
The motion pending on the instructions was
Mr. Anthony s amendment to insert after the
i word "discretion," the "propriety of regula-
ting," &c.
Mr. EVERETT hoped the House would pro-
ceed to pass the bill this day, without recommit-
ting it.
Mr. HANNEGAN then offered the following
amendment:
That the said committee be further instructed
to inquire—
I-t into the expediency of removing theseatof the Ted
oral Government from Washington to Cincinnati or Lou
isville
2d  Into the propriety of so amending the rules of the
House, as to cau«e a list of the absentees, whenever the
yeas and nays arc taken, to be entered on the Journal, and
published as a part of each day's proceedings m the morn
ing pipers
3d  Of compelling all members who mav hereafter ab
1 sent themselves dunng the sittings of the House, on visiu
to their homes and families, or for the purpose of attending
their practice in the courts of this district and the adjacent
States, to relinquish their pay during the period of such ab
sence.
4th Of rcquinngarelinquishmentinlikemannerof tbeir
compensation from members during the time lost from the
bu-iness of the House, m excursions to the neighboring
cities, or in pleasure parties about this city and the surround
ing country, or from any other cause nliatever, except sick-
ness and the order of the House
5th Of establishing a rule to prevent members from draw
mg their pav up to the close of the session, who leave sev-
eral days prior to the adjournment.
Mr. HARDIN asked if it would be in order to
move to lav the amendment on the table>
The CHAIR, (temporarily occupied by Mr.
Patton,) said that it would not.
Mr. BOON then demanded the previous ques-
l tion, which was seconded—yeas 74, nays 56; and
on ordering the main question to be put—
Mr. PARKER asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the result was as fol-
lows:
YE 4S—Messr3 Hem an Allen, Anthony, Ash, Ashley,
Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon, Borden, Bovce,
