170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. SHEPLEY submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered, and agreed to.
Resolieá. That the Committee on Militar) \fiairs be
instructed to inquire luto the expediency oi authorizing the
laym  out and unking of a =tru t icross the nr-cn-il lot in
Augu ti, Maine, for t.ie accommodation of the Insane
Hospital
Mr SWIFT submitted the following resolu-
tion, wInch was also considered, and agreed to
Resalicd. That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquirí into the expediency of making pro
yision to extend to the officers and soldiers ot the Army
the benefits of moril and religious instruction
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies on the table one day
Resohcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury lie directed
to inform the Senate w hether the Mint of the United States
is regularly and amply supplied with bullion >-.id foreign
coins for the gold coinage, and, if not, that he communi
cate his opinion to the senate on the measures propertobe
adopted to injure such supply in future
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mi WRIGHT, tn pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and intiodjced a bill
to amend the act to provide more effectually for
the settlement of accounts between the United
States and receivers of public moneys, appioved
March 3, 1797, which was read twice, and re-
ferred.
EXTENSION OF DUTY BONDS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York,
urging the passage of the bill now before the
House of Representatives, for the extension of
the time of payment of the duty bonds, falling
due in the city of New Tiork, subsequent to the
great conflagration of the 16th of December last,
and said he felt bound to occupy a few moments
of the time of the Senate in bringing to their at-
tention the suggi stions contained in this memo-
rial. The memonal stated that the importance of
the passage of the bill had been vastly increased
by the delay which had already taken place—
1st B eauv , by the expectation of time for
payment excited by the passage of the bill in the
Senate, a largf amount of bonds hr>d been suf-
feied to pass the time of payment, and to íemain
unpaid, and that a call now for the immediate
payment of these deferred bonds would produce
great additional distiess, and immensely endan-
ger the solvency of the debtor merchants.
2J. Because the mcichauts who have bonds due
and unpaid on, by a provision of the revenue
laws of the United States, die prohibited fiom
entenng their goods daily arriving from foreign
eountnes until the outstanding bonds aic paid,
and those merchants have, therefore, been com-
pelled to place their goods, thus arriving, in the
public stores, without the usual entry for the pay-
ment of duties, that their goods, to the amount of
many millions in value, remain in the public
stores ' uninsured,'' that these goods, thus stored,
aie unusually exposed to destiuction by fire, in
consequence of the great severity of the winter,
the almost obstructed condition of the streets by
snow and ice, and the necessarily resulting dif-
ficulty of extinguishing fires if once lighted.
Mi W. said, he must remark that he was
convinced the failure to insure these goods, thus
situated, proceeded solely from the almost entire
destruction of the insurance companies of New
Yoik by the fire referred to; and the memorial
íepresents that the owners of these goods are
imminently exposed to the danger of the further
loss of the millions thus invested, and that the
Government is equally exposed to the loss of the
duties upon these goods, inasmuch as all hope of
responsibility for the payment of duties must
cease if this further loss should be heaped upon
the already severe misfoi tunes of that afflicted city.
3d Because a further deposit of the importa-
tions daily ai riving in the public stores will, when
a decision upon the bill shall be finally had, im-
pose upon the officers of the customs in the city
of New York such a load of accumulated duties
as to cause great and injurious delay in placing
the goods in a condition for advantageous sale.
4th Because this mode of importation, in ad-
dition to the danger of exposure and delay, neces-
Banlyimposes upon the importing merchantgreat
additional expense and trouble; and every delay
increases this just cause of complaint.
Mr. W. said, he did not pretend to hare used I
the language of the memorial in his statement of
its substance, that he had received it since he had
cone into the Chambei, that he believed he had
given a just view of its material suggestions, in
any event he had given the views which a hasty
reading of the memorial had impressed upon his
mmd. He was aware that the memorial did not
concern any bill now in the possession of the
Senate. The Senate had passed the bill very
many days since, and he made the remarks in
the hope that they might reach the notice of the
membei s of the other branch of Congress, in case
it should be impossible to present this same me-
morial to that body on this day. He did hope
this bill might meet an eaily and definitive action
in that body. He w ould not speak of the result
of that action, but decision was immensely im-
portant to the interests oí his valued constituents,
who, by an unexampled calamity, had been com-
pelled to re pie sent tneir embanassments to the
Li gisla'ure of the nation, and ask relief.
Mi. W. then moved that the memonal, with-
out reading, be laid on the table and printed;
which motion prevailed without a division.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
was take n up as the order of the day, and
On motion by Mi. KING, of Alabama, the fur-
ther consideration thereof was postponed until
to-morrow .
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The resolution submitted by Mi. Benton, on
the appropriation of the surplus revenue, was
taken up as unfinished business; and, after some
remarks from Messis. CLAYTON, WHITE,
GRUN DY, WEBSTER, BENTON, KING, and
LEIGH,
On motion by Mr. LEIGH, the Senate ad-
join ned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Febmary 8, 1836.
Mr. PINCKNEY again asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit the following
resolution:
Resolied, Tint all the mcmomls which have been offered
or ma} htieattorb" presinti d to this House, pruing for the
abolition ot sl-nerv in the Distiicto, Columbia, and also the
resolution  ottered bv an honorable member troin Mame,
[Mr J\py is,J with the amendment thereto proposed by an
honorable im mb"r from Virginn, [>fr Wise.J uid every
other pip 'r or proposition th it mav he submitted in relation
to that subject, b relerrcd to a select committee, with in
struction  to i 'port that Congress possesses no constitutional
authority to nitenere in any iu> with the institutions of
sluerv in mv of the States of this Confederacy , and that,
in the opinion of this Ilou-c, Coigre-s ought not to intcrtere
in any yy iv with elav er} in the Di trict of Columbia, because
it would bav lolation of the public Ulth, unwise, mi politic,
and dangirou to the Union; assigning such reasons lor
these coin liisions as in the judgment ot the committee may
be be«t calculated to enlighten the public mind, to repress
agitation, to allay excitement, to su-tain and preserve the
jmt rights of the «laveholding States and ol the people of
this District, and to reestablish harmony and tranquillity
among the various sections ot the Union
Objection being made, Mr. PINCKN EY moved
to suspend the rules for the purpose of enabling
him to offer the resolution.
On this motion Mr. BROWN asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. PARKER inquired, whether the gentle-
man from South Carolina contemplated an imme-
diate consideration of the resolution'
Mr. PINCKNEY said he wished to submit the
resolution, and have it disposed of by the House.
The question on the suspension of the rules
was then taken by yeas and nays, and were as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs Adims, Anthony, Ash, Bean, Beau
mont, Boekee, Bovee, Bojd, itriggs, Brown, Bynuni,Cam
brelemr, Carr, Ca ev, George C lambers, Chaney, Chapín,
Cleveland, Coffee, Connor, Craig, Cramer, tushmg ( usli
man, Darlington, Deberry, Dickerson, Doubleday, Drom
goole, Dunlap, Lffner, Fairfield, Farhn, Fry, William h.
Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Gillet, Granger, Grant
land, H ilej, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hannegan, Samuel S
Harrison, Albert G Harrison, Huyes, Hiwkins, Haynes,
Holsev, Hopkins, Howard, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, Hunt
mgton, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jarvu, Jenifer,
Cave Johnson. Joseph Johnson, Richard M Johnson, Ben
janim Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane,
Lansing, Laporte, Lawrence, Laj, Gideon Lee, Joshua
Lee, Leonard, Logan, Lovall, Abijah Mann, Job Mann,
Manning, Moses Mason, Simpson Mason, Williim Mason,
May, McComas,McKay. McKeon, McKim, McLene, Mer-
cer, Miller, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Morn , Muhlen-
berg, Owens,  Pigc, Parker, Park*   Pattert,on, Dutfe J
Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew, Phelps, Pinckney,
John Reynolds, Joseph Reynold , Ripley, Rome, Rogers,
Sevmour, Augustine H Sheppeid. Shinn, Sickles, Smith,
Spingler, Sprngue, Storer, fcutherlaiid, Taylor, Thomas,
John Tho nsou, 7 ouc^j, Turner, Tirri'l, % underpoel, \ m-
tnn, \Vigen°r, Wardwell, Weeks, Whittlcscj, and Lewis
Willnmi—ni
j>j\YS — Messrs Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Ashley,
Bailev, Bill, Bond, Boon, Borden, Bunch, John Calhoou,
William B Calhoun, Campbell, Cirter, John Chambers,
Chapman, Childs, Nathimel H Chibóme, Clark, Convm,
Crane, Davis, Dickson, Everett, Forester, Trench, Philo C.
Fuller, Rice Garland, Glascock, Graham, Graves, Grayson,
Griffin, Hammond, H ird, Ha'hn, Hoar, Ingersoll, Jines,
Henry Johnson, Liyvler, LuV L"i, t ineoln, Lyon, Mir
tin, Maury, Mi Digin Pc vron.Pul'in Pirkens Potts, Reed,
Robertson, Russell, Willi un B <sh parcl SMi 'ld«, Stande-
fer, Steele, Taliaferro, VVoddy I honipson. Towns, Under-
wood, Webster, WluU, blierrod William*, md Wise-6j
So the motion to suspi nd the rules was agreed
to.
Mr. PINCKNEY sad he would trouble the
House with but a few remarks. He had offered
the resolution befoie the House with the most
temperate reflection, and with the firm conviction
that it was the best course to be pursued. He
was well aware of the responsibility which he
incurred, but he did so cheerfully and íeadily.
He had done so for the good of his constituents,
for the welfare of the State he represented, and
for the interests of the South, and he was not
afraid or ashamed to own that he had done so for
the safety and preservation of the Union. But
because he had taken that course, he had been
bitterly assailed by a print of the city [the Tel-
egraph] before he had had an opportunity to
explain his motives, but, once for all, he would
say that he was not to be driven from his pur-
pose by newspaper assaults. Ho had no fear of
its producing any effect among his constituents,
he was too well known by the people of South
Carolina to feai any such assaults. He had
offered the resolution because he was anxious to
have thatdehcate matter adjusted, and he thought
that course best for the South, and best for the
Union. He did plead guilty of endeavoring to
pursue a course which wis likely to produce har-
mony on that exciting subject, not by avoiding
the íesolution of the gentleman fiom Maine,
[Mr. Jaiuis,] or that of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Wise,] or any other resolution or
motion, and all who knew him, oither in the
House or elsewheie, knew that he was utterly
incapable of avoiding any question on which he
might be called to act, but he did desire to pro-
duce harmonious, united action, by taking higher
grounds than had yet been taken.
He desired to produce a direct vote and prac-
tical result upon the subject. Was it tieason to
the southern States that the House should say,
by a solemn and tempeiate vote, that Congress
had no constitutional authority to act on the sub-
ject of slavery' Was it treason to the country
to say that it would not act on that subject in
the District of Columbia' Was it treason to put
down the great excitement existing in the coun-
tiy > If that was treason to the South, his con-
stituents must judge him. If it was treason to
the Union, the American people must judge him.
But whether it be treason or not, in the opinion
of a certain individual, he had the concurrence of
a large number of members from the southern
States. Several had told him that they wished
the subject disposed of in that way, and he had
reason to believe that the resolution would be
sustained by almost the unanimous southei n vote.
Mr. P. felt that he ought to ask pardon for
speaking in the manner he had. It was painful
for lum to speak thus of himself, but he could
not, with justice to his character and motives, do
less. He wished his constituents to understand
him, and he wished them to understand him dis-
tinctly, so that they might judge him correctly.
He had three objects in view in offering that
resolution: the first was, if possible, to arrest
discussion of the question of slavery on that floor,
and throughout the country, because he believed
it useless—worse than useless, the second was, to
bring the whole matter to a practical result satis-
factory to the North, satisfactory to the South,
and calculated to harmonize the Union, the thud
and great object was, to put down fanaticism and
pioduce harmony and tranquillity, and for that
reason he had comprised the States in his resolu-
tion as well as the District of Columbia The
course he had pursued was similar to that pur-
