1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIk
183
establishing a post route from Bucklaad's Cross Roads, in
Washington <  unt.\, Pennsylvania, by Mill Creek Meeting-
house, East Liverpool, Foulkstovvn, Clarkson, East Fair-
field, and Lima, in Columbiana countv, to Portland, in
Trumbull countv, Ohm; also, from Cro-«-Creek Tillage,
Washington countv, Pennsylvania, to V\est Liberty, in
Oliio countv, \ lrgmia, also trom West Alexander, \\ a li-
íngton i ountv, to \\ d} nesbnrg, in Green countj, I'ennsv 1
vama, and that the pttvtion<¡ and paper* on filo in relation
jo tho&e routes be reterred to the said committee
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the erection of a custom-house and a public store house
in the city of New Orleans
On motion by Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be directed to inquire into the expediency of restonng
the name of AlexanderGibson,of Kentucky, to the pensión
roll, and directing the payment of the arrearages oi his pen-
sion since Us suspension by the Commissioner of Pensions.
On motion by Mr. LYON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to allow and pa\ to the register and receiver of
the land office at Demopolis, Alabama, the amount actually
expended by tliem, in the lure of clerks in their respective
offices, rendered necessary in the execution of the preemp-
tion laws of 19th June, 1834, and ui keeping up the business
ot their office*.
On motion by Mr. CHAPMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
port to this House the papers in his office relating to the
claim of Jubel B Hancock to a reservation of land under
the fourteenth article of the treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek
with the Choctaws, if in his opinion the claim requires the
action of Congress
On motion by Mr. KINNARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land* be in
stracted to inquire into the expediency of establishing the
office of surveyor-general at the seat of government of each
State and Territory in v>bich any of the public lands are
situated, and of making it the duty of such &ur\ eyor to copv,
and deposit with the Executive thereof, all the field notes
or surveys of the public lands sold or unsold, and of all
reservations of Indians, and private grants from foreign
Governments within the Statt or Territory in which his
office may be situated , and that said committee inquire
into the expediency ot making provision for a more speedy
issue of land patents to the purchasers of the public lands.
On motion by Mr. LOYALL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of placing the mas-
ter workmen at the several navy yards upon a inore per-
manent footing as to appointment and pay.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to uiquire into the expediency of making an nppro-
pnation for the erection or purchase of convenient and
proper buildings, within tilt State of Rhode Island, for the
United States courts holden in that State.
On motion by Mr. LINCOLN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to consider the propriety of continuing to Mary J
Babbit, of Massachusetts, the widowed mother of Fitz
Henry Babbit, late a lieutenant in the Navy of the United
States on board the frigate President, Stephen Decatur,
Esquire, Commander, who was killed in action with a
squadron of the enemy on the 15th of January, 1815, the
benefit of the pension granted toher for five years, from the
19th of November 1831), now expired by an act of Congress
of 2d Marcli, 1833.
On motion by Mr. JUDSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures be in-
structed to inquire into the expediencv of promoting the
culture and manufacture of silk in the United Sutes.
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was
Resolved, Tbat the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of continuing the
improvement commenced by the Governmental the Muscle
Shoals, in the Tennessee nver, in the State of Alabama, up
the said Tennessee nver, thence up the Holston nver, to
Kingiport, in the Sum of Tennessee; and that said com-
mittee require the Secretary of War to transmit such in-
formation as may be m the possession of the War Depart-
ment, in relation to the survey of said nvers by the United
States engineers.
On motion by Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Corpqmtee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of amending the
act of Congress ot April 5,1832, so as to authorize any per-
son or persons who shall have entered a quarter quarter-
geeiiao jqi Janu, to enter any other forty acre tract, provided
fháiarbe shdll be subject to entry.
On motion by Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing an
arsenal of construction at or in the vicinity of Charleston,
South Carolina
On motion by Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Retolied, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting a
land warrant to the legal representatives of David Warner,
deceased, a soldier of the late war.
On motion by Mi. ALL AN, of Kentucky,it was
Resohed, That the Committee of Claims be Instructed to
inquire into the txpediencv of reporting a bill allowing the
same amount to William RufusT-H lor, administrator of the
emte of Jonathan Tivlor, a« has been allowed bv an act
of tins session to B W Dudlej, as the executor of Charles
Wilkins, deceased; and that the annexed petition of said
W R Tavlor, and that the said petition of said B. W Dud-
ley, now on the files of the Houoj, be referred to said com-
mittee.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Pubhe Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot establishing a
survev or general's office west of Lake Michigan, in the
Territory of Michigan, and that the committee also inquire
into the expediency of authonzmg the survey and sale of
the lands purchased from the Sacs and Fox Indians, at the
treaty concluded at Rock Island, on the 21st day of Sep-
tember, 18J2; and that an appropriation be made for the
above object.
On motion by Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediencv ot es-
tablishing a post route from Bethama, Stokes county, North
Carolina, by Vienna and Shore's Ferry, to Doweltown, m
Surry countv ; from Greensboro', Guildford county, North
Carolina, by Thompson's fctore, to Mooresville, in Orange
county, and, also, from Milton, Caswell county, by SaT-
geantsville, and BlackweH's Store, to Rawlingsburg, in
Rockingham countv, ftorth Carolina.
On motion by Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, it was
Resolved, That the papers now on file, relating to Roan-
oke Inlet,be referred to the Committee on Commerce; and
that Mud committee be m«tnicted to inquire into the expe-
diency of a resurvey of said inlet.
On motion by Mr. MORGAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Polsley's Mills, in Monang -
lia county, Virginia, via Arnett's store and George Gousfs,
to Blacksville, in said county
On motion by Mr. COLES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot granting
to John Crump a pension for revolutionary services.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of Ohio, it was
Resolved, That the report, and papers accompanying the
sonic, from the Committee of Claims, at the present session,
together with certain other papers relating to the claim of
James McPherson, be referred back to the said committee.
On motion by Mr. BANKS, it was
i     Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
I be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law for the payment of commutation pay to William
I Amberson, of Pennsylvania, an officer in the army of the
Revolution.
On motion by Mr. W. K. FULLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting an
arrearage of pension to Daniel Shippey, a private soldier in
the late war with Gieat Iiulain.
I Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following joint
resolution; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That such nddiüonal post routes as
may be necessary to connect and form a line of communi-
cation from FortTowson, on Red River, via the seat of
justice of each county in the Territory of Arkansas and
fetate of Missouri, bordering on the western frontier, and
the several intermediate military posts, to Fort Des Moines
on the Des Moines river, and thence to the town of Dubuque
on the Mississippi nver, be, and the same are hereby, estab
lished, to be put in operation as soon as practicable.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
The following resolutions were submitted.
Those calling for information from the Depart-
ments were laid over for one day under a stand-
ing rule of the House, and the remainder were
laid on the table on the motion of Mr. Under-
wood, objection being made to their considera-
tion and adoption, to wit:
By Mr. INGERSOLL:
Resolved, That the Clerk of tins House be authorised and
required to furnish the new members of the Tvyenty-Fourth
Congress with the same books furiusneatpthe members of
the Twenty Third Congress.
By Mr. BRIGGS:
Resohed, That two th.ojisand extra copies of the report
of the committee for the monument to Captain Nathan
Hale, be printed for the use of tht House.
j     By Mr. HOWARD •
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Aflaire be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
naval academj
'By Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia:
1   Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorising the Postmaster General to make reasonable
compensation to postmasters in cases where commissions
on the postages allowed by Uw are grossly inadequate,
arising from extraordinary labor in distributing the mails.
By Mr. WISE:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of-----
members, with povv cr to send for persons and papers, be
appointed to inquire into the omountot Government pat-
ronage to the public press in the District ot Columbia, and
into the policy and expediency of separating the Govern-
ment patronage from the public press, and to report by bill
or otherwise the means of so doing
By Mr. MERCER:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to lay before this Hou«e a statement of the disbursements
which have been made for building the VV ashington bridge
across the Potomac; discriminating therem the cost of vari-
ous works upon the same, in wood, earth, rubble stone, or
masonrv, and all extra v ork contracted for or added to the
structure of the said bridge, by order or permission of the
Department, subsequent to the original contract therefor,
di-tinguishing in like manner the description and cost of
all such extra work; and that he also state the relative ele-
vation, above ordinary high tide, of the present bridge, com-
pared with that vv Inch stood on the same site.
By Mr. WASHINGTON:
Resohed by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
Mrs Susan Decatur, widow of the late Commodore Stephen
Decatur, be paid from the Navy pension fund a pension
for five years, commencing from the 30th June, 1834, in
conformity with the provisions of the act concerning naval
pensions and the Navy pension fund, passed 30th June, 1634;
the said pension not to be liable for her responsibilities on
account of the debts of her late husband Proveed, That
the said pension shall cease on the death or marriage of the
said Susan Decatur.
By Mr. DENNY:
Be tt resolved by the Senate and House of Representative 
of the United States of ¿menea m Congress assembled,
That there be, and is hereby, granted unto the several uni-
versities and colleges authorized by law in the several
States, a portion of the public lands, equal in quantity to
one township lor each institution, and to consist of sec-
tions, which the Secretary ot the Treasury is hereby dirceted
to select, in any district where the lands have been surveyed.
And when the Governor of any State shall make, or cause
to be made, a report of the names and situations of said in-
stitutions in such State to the Secretary of the Treasurv,he
shall proceed to select and designate tie sections to com-
pose ¿he quantity of land hereby granted to each institution,
shall reserve the same from public sale and private entry,
give public notice thereof, and transmit patents severally
therefor to the «aid institutions respectively
J3e it further resolved by the authority aforesaid, That if
the sam lands, or any part thereof, herebj granted, or in-
tended so to be, unto the several universities and colleges
aforesaid, shall remain unsold at the expiration often years
from the delivery of the patents, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, if he at that time should deem it to be expedient, shall
cause the land so remaining unsold to be disposed of at
public sale in the usual manner, and pay over the amount
of such sales to the institutions r-specuvely interested in
the same.
By Mr. DICKSON:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
1 Btructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
tor the State of Mississippi an equivalent in land or money
for the sixteenth sections which have been guarantied to said
State within her limits bv an act to authorize her to form a
constitution and State government, and from which she la
wholly excluded in the district of country lately ceded to
the United States by the Chickasaw tribe of Indians.
By Mr. HAMER:
Resolvtd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
Constitution of the United States as to limit the service of
the judges of the supreme and inferior courts to a term of
years, and also to fix an age after which they shall be Inel-
igible to such offices
By Mr. CARR:
Resohed, That the Committee on Public. Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency Of the granting a
small bounty or donation in lands to the organized militia-
men, rangers, and volunteers, who served in defense «f
their country for the term or------months on the frontier,
during the late war with Great Britain, and to the widow*
and orphans of those who so served; and, also, into the ex-
pediency of making like provision for those who served  
the Tippecanoe campaign on the Wabash, in the year 1B11.
By Mr. McCARTY:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of a grant, to the
State of Indiana of each alternate section of the unappro-
priated public lands for five mites on each side of a rail or
turnpike road or canal, to be located upon the Detroit and
Chicago road, at or near White Pigeon, in Michigan, to the
northern extremity ef the White Water canal, in the county
of Wayne, Indiana, to be applied to the construction of
such road or canal.
By Mr. HANNEGAN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands ke
instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting to the
actual settler who shall, with his family, reside upon and
cultivate the same for a period of five years contmoously.
«me quarter section of the unsold lands of the United
States.
