1836.
THE CONtftmWtONAL GLOBB.
I8S
petitioners ana other officers of that corps suffer
from the act of Congress of the 30th June, 1834,
and praying for the repeal or alteration of the
same, which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of i
sundry inspectors of the port of Philadelphia! and
of several merchants of that city, praying that
the salaries of said inspectors may be increased,
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr LEIGH presented the petition of Stephen
McCormick, praying for the renewal of a patent;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
John Powell, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr BENTON presented the petition of Bar-
bara Bosworth, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made unfavorable reports on
several petitions that had been referred to that
committee.
Mr. L., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of the legal represent-
atives of William Ramsey, reported a bill for
their relief; which was read, and ordered to a
second read ins.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the petition of the legal
representatives of Captain Robert White, re-
ported a bill for their relief; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported,
■without amendment, the bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Robert Stark.
Mr WHITE, from the same committee, to
which the petition of the heirs of Captain Samuel
Jones bad been referred, made an unfavorable
report thereon; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies on the table one day:
Resahei Thatthc Committee on Pension1) be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting to Stephen Bo
bauan * pension, on account of the disability incurred by
him in the service of the United blate-- in the late war        |
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to.              '
Resolved, Thittlie Evcrcfiri of War be requested to pre
pire and transmit to the Senate a stitement snowing the
effective force of the Army of the United States, and the
pay and the emoluments allowed by law to each
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was rejected :
Resolved, Tint for the remainder of the present session,
the Friday of each week shall be devoted to the consider
auon of bill .
CLAIMS OF MASS VCHUSETTS.
The bill authorizing the Secretary of War to
receive additional evidence in support of the claims
of the State of Massachusetts for services, dis- i
bursements, andexpenditures during the late war, '
was read the third time and passed.
STEPHEN CRITTENDEN.
The bill for the relief of Stephen Crittenden was
also read the third time, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS ACREED TO.
The resolutions submitted by Messrs. LINN
and PRENTISS, and lying on the table, were
severally considered and agreed to.
HISTORY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The resolution submitted by Mr. SOUTH-
ARD, directing the Secretary of the Senate to
cause to be compiled and printed, for the use of
the Senate, the documentary history of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, was considered.
Mr KING moved to refer it to the Committee
on the Contingent Fund of the Senate, with in-
structions to report what documents are necessary
to be printed, find the probable expense to be in-
curred ; and after a debate in which Messrs
KING, SOUTHARD, BENTON, WRIGHT¡
and BLACK took part, the motion to refer was
carried.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the petition of the Society of Friends of Lancas-
ter county, Pennsylvania, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia-, the
question being the preliminary one demanded by
Sir. Calhoun, " Shall the petition be received!
Messrs. TALLMADGE, MOORE, SWIFT,
and NILES severally addressed the Senate on
the subject; after which,
On motion by Mr. BLACK, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monoat, February 15, 183G.
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, rose (he
said) to ask the indulgence of the House for per-
mission to repel an assault which had been made
upon his personal character and impugning his
veracity. Mr. P said that he rarely, on any
occasion, trespassed on the patience of the House,
nor should he have asked the piesent indulgence,
had the assault been confined to the columns of
a newspaper. But it had been read in the Sen-
ate of the United States. Mr. P. would, how-
ever, take that occasion to say, that so far as the
Senator who brought that paper forward waa
concerned, that gentleman [Mr. Calhoun] had
made to Mr. P. all the apology he deemed neces-
sary; and he now asked permission merely to
reply to the attack made upon him.
Mr, MERCER rose in his place and objected.
Mr. PIERCE moved asuspension of the rules.
Mr UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays; but the House refused to order them, and
the rules were suspended without a count
Mi. PIERCE then proceeded, and returned
his thanks to the House for the kindness mani-
fested towards him, personally, on that occasion.
There were a variety of reasons that should
deter him from long trespassing upon the pa-
tience of the House; one was, that the state of
his health that morning was such, that he was
utterly unable to speak for any considerable
length of time He considered the vote taken ¡
on Monday last, upon the resolutions of the
honorable member from South Carolina, [Mr.
Pincknet] as declaratory of the indisposition of
that House to entertain debate upon the unfor-
tunate and deeply-exciting question of the aboli-
tion of slaveiy. This was the reason why he
had taken the present course, instead of waiting
for a more favorable opportunity to express what
he thought due to himself, as a member of the
House, and due to his constituents as their
I representative
The article to which Mr P. ref rred was con-
tained in an abolition paper, printed at the capital
of the State he had the honor, in part, to repre-
sent. The paper (said Mi P.) was too insignifi-
cant and too odious, in the eyes of his constit-
uents, to claim the slightest atten'ioii from him
for any statement which might appear in its col-
umns, but for the circumstance that it had been
read in anothei branch of Congress, at the in-
stance of an honorable member of the United
States Senate. So far as that gentleman was con-
cerned, he would again take occasion to say that
the explanations made by him, both promptly in
his place, and to Mr P. subsequently, were per-
fectly satisfactory The gentleman had no design
of attacking Mr. P., but in rushing to the partic-
ular object, he had swept him along with it.
From the course Mr. P. had taken upon this ques-
tion, not only id that House, but everywhere else,
at all times, and on all occasions, he could not
but anticipate the denunciation of the northern
Abolitionists. But he had a i ight to expect that
at least no southern gentleman would have, in
any way, become instrumental in publishing an
incendiary article, which was equally unjust both
to Mr. P. and to his constituents. Whether, as
haB been said, there be incidentally a conjunction
between two parties of this Union, to shake it to
Us center, it was not for him to say, but he would
express his belief that there was sufficient patriot-
ism and moral firmness in the sunny South, and
patriotism and moral firmness enough among the
snow-capped hills of the North, to put down
agitators, if they existed in both sections of
the countryy and to transmit an unbroken Union
to posteuty, with all the rights and privileges
secured by the Constitution, and now happily
enjoyed under it.   That he might be perfectly
understood, he would «end to- the clerk's table
the paper which had been read in th  Senate:
[The article was then read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:]
" Hon Franklin Pitaes__An honorable member from
New Hampshire (Mr. Pierce) has eaid that not one in
five hundred of his constituents were in favor of the objeet
of these petitions,'' [for the abolition of slavery in the Bis
tnct of Columbia J—Mr SJade's speech
'"Figures will not lie,'though the Representatives of the
people sometimes do. ' Facta are stubborn things,' even
when opposed by the magisterial ipse dixit of lawyers and
legislators. The truth of the e apothegms, 'the honorable
member from New Hampshire' has undoubtedly learned
before now. The present, however, is an occasion when
he may be taught another lesson. He asserts ' that not one
in five hundred of hi  constituents are in favor' of peti-
tioning Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia We wonder where his constituents reside Not, cer-
tainly, in New Hampshire, if this account of them Is correct.
Such an assernon is a libel on the views and feelings of the
people of this State, facts and figures will prove it so.
"The number of inhabitants in New Hampshire,m 1830,
Over twenty years of age, was 133,313. Now, we have lying
before as, Irom some six towns only, peutions, to which are
affixed, by their own sign manual, the names of more than
seven hundred individual  Besides these, there have been
prot ured, in a single town m Strafford county, the signatures
of more than three hundred legal voters Another town in
the saine county will furnish nearly six hundred, another
about three hundred, and others upward  of two hundred
each These signatures have been obtained with compar-
atively but little exertion But these are not all, as Mr.
Pierce will find before the present session of Congress
closes. Large petitions have airead) been sent on, and others
are still m circulation. From these facts we may safely cal
culate that mort, thin four thousand persons will send in their
petitions, not, however, by a dough-face like Mr Pierce,
tor the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia Let
Us, then, test the correctness of the honorable gentleman's
assertion by the tollowing calculations The present jiopu-
lation over twenty v ears of age being 133,313, tht n 133,313 •
4,000=^33; thus showing that, instead of only one in five hun-
dred being in favor of such petitions, one in thirty-three
hgs already signed them, besides numerous others who are
ready to do the same If Mr Pierce u, as grossly ignorant
of the gentnl interests of his constituents as he is ot their
feelings and views in regard to slavery, we advise him to
resign his seat immediately and prepare himself to repre-
sent them by spending the ensuing j ear in traveling among
them, and miking inquiry into their condition and opinions
If he should do this, and if he should faithfullv portriv, in
the course of his tour, the various scenes he has witnessed
at the capital of this Republic, and under the very banner
of our freedom, the prison house ui which human beings
are incarcerated for the crime of color—the auction scene,
where men, women, and children are sold like brutes to
the highest bidder—the violent and ruthless breaking up of
families, aud all the social relations of life—the separation
of hu-bimd and wife,parent and child—the gloomy come—
the heart breaking procession ot victim- bending their way
in chains to the far South—the bloody lash and savige
voice of the foul driver—the tear,the groan,and the clank-
ing manacle—if he will portray all tins, and then, as a
peroration, recount his own conduct in regard to abolishing
the accursed system of winch the above incidents consti
tute only a part, weassure him, from our knowledge of hu-
man nature, that ' Ins constituents' will never trouble nun
to represent them again, but will permit him to retire in
ottiim cum digmtate, to private lift "
Mr. P. proceeded. The text of this article
purported to have been taken from the speech of
an honorable member of that House, [Mr. Slade,
of Veimont ] It so happened that Mr. P. was
not present at the time that declaration was made,
and he was first made acquainted with it by an
honorable member from South Carolina, but it
Was then too late to do what he would have done
on the occasion had he been present. If the gen-
tleman who mad,e that remark had any evidence
in his possession upon which the conviction of
Mr.'P.'s error was made, he should be glad to
have that evidence. If not, until that gentleman
had associated as freely with Mr. P's constitu-
ents as he had done, and consequently had the
same opportunity of knowing their opinions and
sentiments as he had, he must be permitted to
take his own judgment in preference to the gen-
tleman 's.
Mr. P. said he was not mistaken. It was diffi-
cult in any case to prove a negative, it would be
impossible in this. But while the yeomanry o<"
New Hampshire refuse to entertain, refuse to hear
incendiary lectures, and while they refuse to send
in petitions for the abolition of slavery in this
District of elsewhere, what is the inference' Are
they to be charged with a disposition to invade
yovur rights and wrest from you your property >
Sir, (said Mr. P^) it would be a strange deduction;
and yet it is the only logic by which his constitu-
ents could be made toentertain incendiary designs,
or their Representative be charged with a false
statement. No age or country had ever been free
from fanatics; no age or country had ever been
Without enthusiasts; and, consequently, no doc-
