18S&
*
TOR CONGRESSIONAL GILOBEi
187
Mr. WILLIAM B. SHEPARDmOTed that the
gentleman have leave to proceed.                           I
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, called for the '
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mi. ADAMS said he understood the usual
course to be, that the -woids of the gentleman
must be taken down, and then he must be asked
whether he acknowledged those to be his words;
and he moved that the words be taken down, and
the gentleman so interrogated
The CHAIR said he had directed the Clerk to
take down the words of the gentleman, and they
would be read.
The words were then read by the Clerk, as
follows: "He hissed him and spurned him as a
deserter from the principles of the South."
Mr. WISE denied having used those words.
Mr GRANGER asked if the House must not
then pass upon those words, and say whether they
were the words of the gentleman or not'
The CHAIR said yes.
Mr. PATTON said he must hear witnesses
before he could decide, as he did not hear the
gentleman.
Mr. WISE then asked leave to explain; which
leave being granted,
Mr.W. said he thanked the House most kindly
for their indulgence. He thanked them, and was
gratified to see that there was no power upon the
throne, nor beneath the throne, that could tie the
tongue of debate. He would not pretend to say
what words he did utter; but he would say what
he did not; and there were words taken down
which he was reminded he had not said. He
hoped the House would take" the usual course,
and that it would not make an example of so
humble a person as himself.
Mr. ADAMS said he understood the gentle-
man to deny the words taken down; but, if Mr.
A understood the gentleman correctly, he said he
was not able to say what words he had uttered.
Mr. WISE remarked that, although he could
not undertake to say, precisely, the words he had
used, he did undertake to say that he had not
used the words taken down.
Mr. PATTON did not deny the right of the
House to take the question, but he could not vote
on the question pro or con.
Mr. BOULD1N asked to be excused from vot-
ing, because he was not within hearing when the
words were spoken. He did not expect to get by
testimony the exact words spoken with the con-
text, withotft which the meaning of no words can
be sufficiently understood to say certainly whether
they be in order or out of order.
Mr. ADAMS said he was under the necessity
of asking to be excused from voting on the ques-
tion, because he could not say whether they were
the words of the gmtleman or not. As the gen-
tleman had denied them, his impression would be
that they were not his words; but the rights of
two members were involved in the question: the
rights of the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
and the rights of the member injured and insulted
if the words were used. If in denying the words
the gentleman had slated that he meant nothing
personal, he would have been satisfied.
Mr. WISE said he did not know that he had
a right to explain, as the right had been refused
him by the Chair.
The CHAIR said the gentleman had a right to
explain, if he chose to avail himself of it.
Mr. WISE thanked the Chair most graciously.
He meant to make no personal attack upon the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Pinckney.]
He meant to attack his resolution—to maintain
ú° principles of his own (Mr. W's.) resolution,
and the principles of the South. He meant to
characterize the course of the gentleman as trea-
son to the South. He did not attack his motives;
God only knew his motives. If there be in this
House a Judas Iscanot, who has received his
thirty pieces of silver, he knew it not.
Mr. PINCKNEY here rose and interrupted the
remarks of Mr. Wise. Sir, (said he,) this mat-
ter is progressing lather too far. I ask the per-
mission of the House to say a word or two.
The CHAIR called to order. The gentleman
from Virginia was in possession of the floor.
Mr WISE continued: He wished to be dis-
tinctly understood that he did not attack the
motives of the gentleman from South Carolina,
nor to insult him personally; but he had a right
to characterise his acts in what terms he pleased.
Mr. W. said he did use the words, " hiss him as
a deserter from the principles of the South;" and
if he could not characterize his measures in such
terms, he could not understand what was the
freedom of speech. If there was anything odious
in the terms he had used towards the gentleman,
he disclaimed it.
The CHAIR then varied the words according
to the terms just avowed by the gentleman, viz:
" He hissed him as a deserter from the principles
of the South."
After some further explanations by the Speak-
er, in answer to inquiries by Messrs. Wise, Pat-
tou, and Vinton,
Mr. PINCKNEY expressed the hope that the
gentleman from Virginia would be permitted to
proceed.
The CHAIR said that the pending question
could not be debated.
Mr. INGERSOLL next attempted to address
the House, but was called to order, and took his
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD withdrew his motion
to permit the gentleman from Virginia to proceed.
Mr. WISE again repeated that the words
which he had used were, " that in reference to
the course of the member from South Carolina,
[Mr. Pinckney,] he hissed him as a deserter fiom
the principles of the South on the abolition ques-
tion."
The SPEAKER decided these remarks out of
ordci.
Mr. WISE appealed from the decision of the
Chair, but subsequently withdiew the appeal.
Mr. BELL moved that Mr. Wisi.be permitted
to proceed with his remarks.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and were
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Hcmao Allen, Ashley, Bailey, Beale,
Bel!, Bond, Bouldin, Bojd, Briggs, Bunch, John Calhoon,
William B Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, John Chamber ,
Child , Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Coffee,
Coles, Conner, Corwin, Cashing, Deberry, Donnj, ürom
goole, Everett, ForeMer, French, William K Fuller, Gal-
bratth, James Garland, Rice Garland, Glascock, Graham,
Granger, Grave , Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hammond,
Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Albert G Harn=on, Haw
kins, Haynes, Heiater, Holsey, Howard, Hunt, Huntsman,
Ingersolt, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson, Henrv Johnson, Kin-
nard, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Love,Lo>aIl, Luca , Ljon,
John Y Mason, Maurv, MeComa~, McKiy, McKennan,
Mercer, Milhgan, Morgan, Morris, Owen , Patton, James
A Pearce, Petugrew, Peyton, Phillips Pickens, Pmckney,
Potts, Eeed, Rcncher, Roane, Uobt rtson, Russell, William
B Shepard, AugUsUne H Pheppeid, Shields, feloane, Stan
defer, bteele, fotorer, Taliaferro, Thomas, John Thomson,
Waddy Thorrrp on, Towns. Turner, Underwood. Vinton,
Webster, White, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod William —
111
NAYS — Messrs Adam , Ash, Bean, Beaumont, Boon,
Brown, Bynum, Cambrelcng, Carr, Ca ev, Bovee, George
Chambers, Chane>, Chaptn, Craig, Cramer, Crane, Cu h-
man, Darlington, Dickerson, Doubleday, Dunlap, Eflner,
Fairfield, Farlm, Fowler, Ir>, Piulo C Fuller, Gillet,
Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Samuel S Ham
son, Hazeltinc, Henderson, Hoar, Hublej, Huntington,
Ingham, William Jackson, Jabe. Jacksdi, Jines, Jarvis,
Richard M Johnson, C*i\e Johnson, Beniamm Jone  Jud
son, Kennon, Kilgoie,Ldne, Lansing, Gideon Lee, Jo hua
Lee, Thorna  Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Abijah Mann, Job
Mann, Manning, Martin, William Mason, Moses Mason,
Sampson Mason, Via), McKeon, McKnn, >I(Lene,Miller,
Montgomery, Muhlenberg, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson,
Dutee J Piant, Phelps, John Rejnold--, Joseph Reynold ,
Sehenck, Seymour, Shmn, bitkles, Sp ague, Sutherland,
Taylor, Toucev, Tumll, Wagener, Wardwell, Weeks, and
Whittlesey—92.
So the House decided that Mi. Wise should
be permitted to proceed in his remarks.
Mr. WISE rose to address the House, but
Mr. VINTON made a question of order. He
eontended that, under the resolution of Mr.
Pinckney, it was incompetent for the gentleman
from Virginia to raise the question of the recep-
tion of this petition, that resolution having de-
clared that all petitions which should hereaftev be
presented should be referred to the select com-
mittee appointed on the subject.
The SPEAKER explained the grounds of his
decision. Under the resolution adopted by the
House, the Chair considered that all the petitions
which had heretofore been received or offered,
and their contents stated, vvere referred to the
select committee The present petition had been
proposed to be offered for the fust time, and the
Chair proceeded to assign the icasons which,
under the peculiar state of the ense, had induced
the decision, that it was competent to make the
?[uestion Whieh had been raised by the gentleman
rom Virginia [Mr. Wise] on the presentation of
this memorial.
The decision of the Chair was sustained by
Messrs. WISE, JENIFER, and PEYTON; and
opposed by Messrs. BYNUM, CHAMBERS
of Pennsylvania, BRIGGS, FRENCH, and
HAWES.
In the discussion of the point of order, Mr.
Pincknet was called upon by Mr. Bynüm to
state the objects which he had in view in offer-
ing his resolution., and in reply, Mr. P stated,
that he meant to embrace all the petitions which
had been offered, and which Bhould hereafter be
presented or proposed to be offered, with the
especial object of putting a stop to a discussion
which he deemed exceedingly dangerous to the
interests of the South, and to thp perpetuity of
the Union. He intended by" his resolution to
refer every petition on this subject l< a select
committee, in order that a report should be made,
which would be satisfactory to the South, nnd
acceptable to the Noi th. He hoped the House
would act consistently, and send all the petitions
which might be offered to the committee. If the
decision of the Chair should be sustained, his
object in offering the resolution would be frus-
tiated, and the House would be thrown into con-
fusion, and the discussion which he contemplated
to arrest would be continued. Had he supposed
that this interpretation would have been put upon
his resolution, he should nevei have submitted it.
While on the flooi, Mr. P. hoped (he said)
that he would be permitted to reply to an unpro-
voked, wanton, and unjustifiable assault, made
upon him by a member fromVuginia, [Mr. Wise.]
The CHAIR said the question pending Avas a
point of older on an appeal from a decision of
the Speaker. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Pinckney] could not be peimitted, at
this time, to reply to remarks made on another
subject.
Mr. PEYTON suggested that the gentleman
fiom South Carolina should be permitted by the
House to proceed m his contemplated remarks.
Objection being made,
Mr. PINCKNEY said this was a matter per-
sonal to himself. His own self-respect would
induce him to refrain from replying to the extreme
and violent personalities of the gentleman from
Virgtma, unless agreeable to the House
Further objection being made, Mr. Pincknet
resumed his seat.
Before any question was taken on the appeal
from the decision of the Chair,
Mr GILLET (who had obtained the floor)
remarked, that he did not desire, nordidhis con-
stituents desire, that the question of abolition
should be discussed in Congress. He did not,
therefoie, rise to make a speech;but as the ques-
tions of order, growing out of the presentation of
an abolition petition, had occupied the House
until the usual hour of adjournment, he moved
that the House adjourn; which was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Ftbrxuiry 16, 1836.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of William
B. Chamberlayne; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of Delaware, praying for the erec-
tion of piei s for the protection of the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal; which woe referícd to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. TIPTON presented the memorial of the
General Assembly of Indiana, praying Congress
to giant lands to the militia and rangers who
served in the late Indian wars; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a memorial from the same, on the subject
of a survey for a railroad; which was ícferred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, the memorial of sundry citizens of Indi-
ana, praying for the cntension of the benefits of
the preemption laws, also, the petition of Adam
Teel.
Mr. LINN said, I hold in my hand, which I
am requested to present to the Senate, certain
