192
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
February 18.
cipk and in detail, so far as the first section was
concerned, but unconstitutional.
Mr. BROWN made an earnest appeal to the
committee to act promptly on the bill. He thought
the class of sufferers referred to by the gentle-
men from Kentucky and Rhode Island [Messrs.
Graves and Pearce] were beyond the legisla-
tion of CongTess. It was not on that ground he
should support the bill, though he was as sensi-
ble to their sufferings and losses as any one else.
That House had no power to relieve individual
suffering. The provisions of this bill were not
of that character, but merely proposed an exten-
sion of credit on the bonds. Mr. B. gave his
reasons at length in favor of the bill.
Mr. PARKER was in favor of the bill, and
would have even gone further, if possible, and
given relief to any of the sufferers who were
debtors to the Government, whether they had
suffered by houses, land, merchandise, or any-
thing else. He was in favor of any measure of
relief within the limits of the Constitution. The
distress consequent on the New York conflagra-
tion had been felt through every portion of the
mercantile community. He conceived the pre-
sent bill to be entirely within the constitutional
limits, for it proposed nothing more than an ex-
tension of time to a suffering debtor, and he could
not conceive it possible to make any further dis-
crimination of classes of sufferers. He gave
notice that he should propose an amendment to
the bill when it was in order.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that the pending
motion was an important one, being simply
whether a merchant, having paid his bonds,
should be placed on a worse footing than those
who had not paid them. In order to meet the ob-
jections of gentlemen to the pending question, he
would offer an amendment. He said the money
was not in the Treasury. No money was in the
Treasury except such as was put there by war-
rant at the end of each quarter. Any money in
the hands of the collector could not be considered
in the Treasury, and could be paid back to the
merchants without the passage of a special law
for that purpose.
Mr. C. then moved to amend the proviso pro-
posed to be stricken out by Mr. Hardin, by the
addition of the following words: " If not pre-
viously carried into the Treasury of the United
States by a warrant." Mr. C. hoped this amend-
ment would meet the object of the gentleman,
and briefly replied to the arguments of that gen-
tleman against the bill. He said, at a future time
he should call the attention of the gentlemen of
the West to various bills in favor of their section
of the country, which went a great way further
than the present bill.
Mr. HARDIN again opposed the bill at length;
and cited various acta of relief heretofore passed, j
pointing out the variations in the provisions of
those acts and the present bill. By the acts for
the relief of Portsmouth and Norfolk, the credit
was extended to only a year's indulgence, and
its benefits were confined to the actual sufferers.
Mr. H. also went into the proceedings on those
acts, and urged his objections in detail to the pres-
ent bill. He was strongly opposed to the clause
relinquishing the interest, which he contended
was in violation of the true spirit and intent of
the Constitution. It was giving the importers of
New York a preference over the importing mer-
chants of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
other cities, conflicting with that clause of the
Constitution which provided that all imposts,
&c, "should be uniform through the United
States."
He contended the money was in the Treasury
the moment it was paid to one of the officers of
the Government, whether collector, receiver, or
a deposit bank. The provision he was opposed
to was neither more nor less than taking money
out.of the public Treasury, and lending it to an
individual who had suffered by fire. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Phillips] had
referred to the allowance of drawbacks, but Mr.
H. contended the principle of drawbacks did not
meet this case. The allowance of drawbacks was
within the legitimate powers of Congress, under
the Constitution, to regulate commerce. New
York enjoyed immense advantages from the
amount of public money received there; and
instead of the Government being indebted to New
York for collecting the revenue, she had been
benefited not less than from twenty to twenty-
five millions of dollars. She made from ten to
fifteen cents on every dollar received there of the
public revenue; and he drew the attention of the
committee to the great outlays already made, and
proposed to be made, on the public works, the
custom-house,fortifications, the navy-yards,^.,
amounting to about five millions of dollars. The
bill proposed to place the Government in the
character of an insurance office, but it went no
further than the wealthy merchant. If it could
be shown that any one of the great leading inter-
ests of the country had been prostrated, he might
then vote for it, but until that could be shown he
should oppose it at every stage. Mr. H. alluded
to instructions that had been sent on from some
of the large cities to their Representatives to sup-
port the bill. He said, if a bill had been brought
forward to refund the duty on packages unopened
and not offered in the market, he would have
gone for it. He referred to the appropriations
proposed for the current year, which were already
about four millions more than in former years.
Besides these, there was to be a special appro-
priation for the increase of the Navy to the
amount of about six millions four hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. WISE explained, that the Committee on
Naval Affairs had come to a resolution to fill up
the blank in that bill with #2,000,000.
Mr. STORER moved that the committee rise.
Agreed to—ayes 82, noes not counted.
The committee accordingly rose; and the chair-
man having reported progress,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the bill be
again made the special order at one o'clock to-
morrow, which was agreed to; and then,
On motion by Mr. HOWELL, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 18, 1836.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Bell, of North Carolina, a captain in the
Ordnance Department, and now in the city of
Washington, stating that he has made some val-
uable improvements in the firing and pointing of
cannon, and proposing that the Government shall
have, the advantage of his improvements on terms
that may be just to himself; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON also presented the petition of
John H. Jacocks, late inspector of the customs
for the port of New Haven, praying to be com-
pensated: for extra services performed by him;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of Charles
O. Ermertinger; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WALL presented the resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of New Jersey,
approving the course of the Executive in relation
to our recent difficulties with Prance, and in-
structing the Senators, and requesting the Repre-
sentatives of that State in Congress, to vote for
such appropriations for national defense as may
be necessary to sustain the honor and dignity of
the United States.
The time had passed (Mr. Wall said) when
it would be necessary for him to make any obser-
vations on the subject of these resolutions. He
would, therefore, merely move, that the resolu-
tions be read, printed, and laid on the table;
which motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
I Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on the
Contingent Fund, to whom was referred the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Southard, providing
that " so much of the resolution of the 14th Aprü,
1834, as maltes the execution of any order of the
Senate for the printing of documents for its use
depend upon a similar order of the House, be re-
scinded," made a special report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred a reso-
lution of the Senate instructing them to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a depot of
arms and munitions of war on the frontiers of
Missouri, made a report, accompanied by a bill
making an appropriation for that object.
The bill was read, and ordered to a second
reading; and the report and papers were ordered
to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. McKEAN, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
to authorize Daniel Tyler, of Pennsylvania, to
import, free from duty, an iron canal passage
boat, in detached parts, with the necessary ma-
chinery, tools, and working utensils therefor;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
WILLIAM THORP.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented some addi-
tional documents in support of the claim of Wil-
liam Thorp; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing the library of
the late Count Bourtourlui, at Florence, for the Library of
Congress.
Mr. BLACK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day.
Resolved, That the expenses incurred during the last
Congress in the taking of testimony by order of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, in relation to frauds said to have
been committed in the sales of the public lands, be paid
by the Secretary of the Senate, as certified by the late chair-
man of that committee.
REPORTS DISPOSED OF.
The reports of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, unfavorable to the petitions of the heirs
of James Davis and Patience Babcock, were sev-
erally considered; the first was agreed to, and the
latter laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. SWIFT, the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs, unfavorable to
the petition of Captain Henry Smith, was con-
sidered and concurred in.
THE WABASH RIVER.
The bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Wabash river was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HILL moved to lay it on the table; when
Mr. HENDRICKS explained and advocated
the bill in a speech of some length; after which
it was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave to bring in a bill to
provide for the opening of certain roads in the
Territory of Florida.
THOMAS RHODES AND JEREMIAH AUSTIN.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes and Jere-
miah Austin was, after some remarks from Mr.
King, of Alabama, in its support, and from
Messrs. Robinson and Davis, in opposition to it,
laid on the table, on Mr. King's motion.
NATIONAL   DEFENSE.
Mr. Benton's resolution for appropriating the
surplus revenue to national defense was taken up
as the special order.
Mr. ROBBINS addressed the Senate in a speech
of some length in opposition to the resolution;
and, after he had concluded,
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table. The change (he said) in the
state of our relations with France rendered the
resolutions unnecessary, and the appropriations
for national defense would more appropriately be
made in the general appropriation bills.
Mr. BENTON said, as this motion was to put
a final conclusion to the debate, he would ask for
the yeas and nays; which were accordingly or-
dered, and the question was taken and decided in
the negative—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black,Calhoun, Clay,Crittenden, Davis,
Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Moore,
Naudain, Porter, Swift, andTyler—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Clayton,
Ewing of Illinois, Hendricks, HUÍ, Hubbard, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Linn, McKean, Morris, Nile ,
Prentiss, Robbing, Buggies, Tallraadge, Tomlinson, Wall,
Webster, White, and Wright—23.
The question was then taken on Mr. Grundt's
amendment to strike out the word "surplus," "
so as to leave the contemplated appropriation to
