1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
may be made a port of entry; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mi EWIXG, of Ohio, piesented the memorial
of sundiy citizens of Ohio, praying that the Uni-
ted States land ofhee at Wooster may be dis-
continued, and that the small quantity of public
land icmunin  unsold in that land district may
be given to the State of Ohio, to be applied to the
construction of a htibor at the mouth of Black
nvei, which was íefueed to the Committee on
Public Lmdv
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Russell Jaivis, stating that he has made a valu-
able improv nunt in the construction of steam
boilers, and obtained a patent for the same, and
asking for an appropriation for the purpose of
testing its usefulness, with a view to its being
used in the Is avy, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of a
railroad company in Florida; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mi BENTON presented the petition of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Kearney, of the United States
dragoons, praying to be reimbursed for two
hordes lost in the strwee of the United States,
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affaiis.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been refened the pe-
tion of the heirs and legal representatives of
William Conway, deceased, reported a bill for
their relief, which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr EWiNG, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred the
memorial of the Legislature of Illinois, praying
for the establishment of a surveyor general's of-
fice, made an unfavorable report thereon.
The committee (Mr E said) had communi-
cated with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office ou this subject, who was of opinion that
the complying with the request of the memorial-
ists would cause great delayi in the public busi-
ness, and would not effect the object of the mem-
orialists at all.
The report was laid on the tabic,and, on mo-
tion of Mr. EWING, of Illinois, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the same commit-
tee, made unfavorable reports on the petitions of
Miles Taylor, Adam Peale, and of sundry citi-
zens by Indiana, praying for the extension of
preemption rights
Mr BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which the subject had been re-
ferred by a resolution of the Senate, repotted a
bill mailing an appropriation for the establishment
of an armory on the western waters; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.                   '
Mi. BLACK, from the Committee on Pi ivate
Land Claims, to which had been referred the
petition of William Pollock, made an unfavorable
report thereon.
Mr. TOxMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the bill for
the relief of General Daniel Newman, reported
the same without amendment, and stated it as the
opinion of the committee that the bill ought not
to pass.
RESOLUTIONS.                                I
Mr. McKEAN offered the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be mstrueted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a poat route Irom Honfcdale, m Wavne county,
Pennsylvania, by way ol BigEddy,Forre tburg, andCudde-
backsvüle, to Goshen, in Orange county, in the State ol New
York.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to the Senate a copy of the reports, survey, plan
and estimate for improving the harbor at the mouth oí Kala- i
mazoo river, of Lake Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution; I
which was considered and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire uno the expediency ot aiding William B Barney
in the publication oí a chart called " Par ol Evchang ," de-
signed to designate with accuracy the value ot foreign com.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
i tion; which lies on the table one day:
Roohed, That the Secretary 01 t'le Trea-ury bo directed
to coiritniiuicuc to the Sen itc, during the se= ion, monthly
abstracts of the affiirs ot the deposit banks, tommencmg
with the month of January, so as to show the condition ot
said banks and the state ol public moneys therein, as lullv
as the condition of the Bank ot the United States and its
branches, and the state of the public moneys therein, have
been heretofore shown in the month.lv returns of that in-
stitution
RESOLUTION AGREED TO.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Ewing, call-
ing on the Secretary of the Tieasury for inform-
ation as to the construction placed by the Depart-
ment on certain preemption laws, was consideicd
and adopted.
FRALDS ON THE  LAND OFFICES.
Mr. BLACK, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution, directing the payment, out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate, of the expenses incuired
in taking testimony duiing the last Congress on
the subject of frauds alleged to have been com-
mitted on the United States land offices; whi;h
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr KING, of Alabama, gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave to introduce bills to
authorize two railroad companies in Flonda to
locate their roads through the lands of the United
States.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, on leave, and in pur-
suanceof previous notice,introducedabillmaking
an appropriation for the completion of certain
roads, and the improvement of certain rivers, in
the Territory of Florida, which was read twice
and referred.
LIBRARY OF COUNT BOURTONLIN.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Preston, directing the Committee on the Library
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing the
library of the late Count Bouitonhn, of Florence,
was considered.
Mr. PRESTON said, this library had been ex-
amined by a late distinguished member of Con-
gress from Georgia, (Mr. Wilde,) who was a
gentleman of gieat liteiary attainments,and emi-
nently qualified to judge of its value, and who had
| strongly recommended to this country the pur-
chase of it. It was worth much more than it
was offered for. He (Mr. P.) believed there was
no difference of opinion in íegard to the great
value of u, and that it would be a propei acquisi-
tion to the library of Congress An opportunity
would never perhaps occur again to purchase such
a one. It was by mere accident that the oppor-
tunity had presented itself. It embraced books in
vauous languages; and many years of his life had
been devoted to the collection of this vast library.
Mi. WEBSTER had a high opinion himself
of the great value of this library. It was one of
those collections rarely found, and such as he
believed did not exist in any library of any of the
United States, public or private. He understood
the expense would not be very gicat. He thought i
this was a favoiable opportunity to make a valu-
able addition, if Congress saw fit to make such
addition, to their library.                                         j
The ícsolution was then adopted.                       |
POST ROUTES.
The joint resolution from the House providing
for the establishment of certain post routes in
Missouri and Arkansas, was read the first time.
Mr. LINN said that this was a íesolution of
some importance, about which there could be no
objection; and as it had already been examined
and passed in the othei House, he hopeditwould
be permitted to pass through its different stages
at once. The object of the resolution was to give
a necessary facility of intercourse between the
different military posts on the fiontiers.
Mr. CALHOUN thought that the bill ought to I
be referred in the usual way, and made a motion
to that effect; which (Mr Linn assenting) was '
agreed to.
WABASH RIVER.
The bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the river Wabash was read the
third time and passed.                                              i
HEIRS OF MILAN DE LA CARRERA.            '
The bill for the relief of the heus of Milan de la
Carrera was lead the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be
cngiossed for a thud reading.
FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr BENTON gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, immediately after the morning
business, move to take up the bill making appro-
priations fot foitifications, reported by him from
the Military Committee some days since.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mi MANGUM said that it w as on his motion
that the memonal of the Society of Fnends on
the subject of abolition had been laid on the table,
and that he gave a pledge at the time to move to
take it up at an early day
He had made the motion in consequence of the
indisposition of the gentleman fiom Mississippi,
who was entitled to the flooi, and who was unable
to go on with the discussion. He now, for the
puiposc of lcdeeming his pledge, moved to take
up the memonal. Gentlemen might then make
such disposition of it as they pleased.
Mi. PORTER asked -why the motion could
not be delayed until Monday1 He hoped the Sen-
ate would not, by its \ ote, postpone the consid-
eration of the gcneial ordeis, which, it seemed, it
was the general consentof the Senate to consider
on one day of the week, for the purpose of acceler-
ating the debate on a subject that had already
been sufficiently discussed.
Mr. CALHOUN observed, that it never was
his wish to bring on the debate on this subject.
His whole object had been, from the beginning,
defensive—to icsist He had not any agency in
bunging on the debate m the first instance, for
he had restneted himself simply to demanding
the question, without argument. While up, he
would remind the Chair of the parliamentary rule
which had hitherto been lost sight of He held
it to bo the duty of the Chair, when any doubt
existed as to a petition being unanimously re-
ceived, to present to the House the question:
" Shall the petition be íeccived >" without waiting
for a member to demand it. This was the cor-
rect parliamentary rule, as laid down by Mr. Jef-
ferson in his Manual; and the Chair, by adhering
to it, would relieve lumfrom the necessity of de-
manding the preliminary question when such
petitions weie presented
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said that he differed
entirely with the gentleman from South Carolina.
We requite (said he) that the member presenting
a petition bhall state the substance of it in order
that any member objecting to receiving it may
make his objections known. He recollected the
parhamentai y rule, but («mid he) it is not our rule,
but the rule of the British Parliament He had
no disposition to acceleiate the discussion of the
question. Had his inclination been consulted,
the discussion would never have commenced at
ail, for he would have given the petitions the usual
reference, and waited for a report, m order that
the Senate might take such a course as would put
the subject to rest It was the question made by
the gentleman from South Carolina that brought
on the discussion Gentlemen who felt that the
right of petition was involved by it considered
themselves bound to go into the discussion. He
was not prepared, the moment a petition for abo-
lition came in, to refuse to receive it, although he
knew the petitioners asked what he could not
constitutionally do. The proper course would
be, when such petitions came m, to give to them
the usual action, and then such an expression of
opinion might be had as would put the subject
at rest. Other gentlemen coming from the same
section of country that he did, thought, with him,
that the right of petition oughtnotto be infringed,
though they were as much opposed as any one
could be to the objects of the petitioners. If,
when the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to reject the petition came up, the petition
should be unanimously rejected, it would have a
greater effect in putting an end to discussion on
the subject than the question of the gentleman
from South Carolina, which, m fact, he thought
had brought it on.
Mr. CALHOUN had made no question of
older He hid merely suggested his const-uc-
tion of what the parliamentary rule was It was
the duty of the Chair not to put any question of
