IOS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
reron in  a petition until a regular motion was
made Tr here was either a rule to receive or not
to neme. If there was no such rule, he had no
i -¡it to insist. He consi.lered it put down as
o'e of the i ules applicable to tins country. He
u.slud it to be settled that when a petition is to
be recen ed hereaftei, the question should be
made bv the Chair as to receiving it.
Mr. C. here lend fiom JctTeison's Manual the
rule l.i substance that, when petititions are pre-
sented, the pi elinnnary question is, whether they
shall be received.
Mr. WALL apprehended that this was not a
time for a discussion of questions involving a
great constitutional principle. Whenever that
time should arrive, he would undertake to show
there was no such rule, requiring the question
first to be made whether a petition should be
received; and that the Senate had no right to
make such a rule. He should endeavor to show
that the rule was adapted to the meridian of the
country where it was made, and where the right
of petition was abridged by the laws. He would
undertake to show that it was not applicable to
our legislation, but directly in the teeth of our
Constitution. He would undertake to show that
the whole Congress could not make a rule by
which petitions might not be received; and if
Congress could not, that the Senate could not do
it. Every deliberative body might require that pe-
nnons presented to them should be drawn up in
proper and respectful language. This the Senate
Led a right to judge of; but he held that no par-
liamentary rule could .mteifere with the sacred
right of petition, which was secured by the Con-
stitution.
The memorial was then taken up, and post-
poned to Monday next.
LAM) CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The bill confirming certain claims to land in the
State of Missouri, was taken up; and, on motion
by Mr  LINN, postponed till this day week.
BILLS READ TWICE.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of the late
General William Eaton;
The bill for the relief of A. B. Ostrander;
The bill to authorize the Archipelago Railroad
a«d Banking Company, to locate their road
thiough the lands of the United States; and         ,
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep- |
resentatives of Henry Eckford, deceased.              ||
REPRESENTATIVES OF MOSES SHEPHERD.   11
The bill for the relief of the legal representa- |
Uves of Moses Shepherd, deceased, was consid- |i
ercd; and, after a debate, in which it was supported I
by Messrs. HENDRICKS,TYLER, KNIGHT,
andPRENTISS,and opposed by Messrs. SHEP-
LEY, BLACK, and EWING of Ohio, was re-
jected by the following vote:
YEAS — Mes«rs. Clay, Ewing of Illinois.  Hendricks, '
Kent, Knight, Lei?!), Linn, McKcan, Prentiss, Bobbins,
Uobmfon, southard, and Tjlrr—13.
NA\S—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown. Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Cutlibert, Ewmg of Ohio, Hill, Ilubbaid, King of
Alabama. Kin? of Georgia, Mangum, Morn-, Niles, Porter,
Preston, Ru-jgles, fehepley, Switt,Tallmadge, Tipton, Tom-
liuson, White, and Wright—34.
DISTRICT BANKS.                           '
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill to extend the charters of the
Bank of Columbia and the Bank of Alexandria, i
to enable them to wind up their concerns, was
agreed to.                                                                     I
PAYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
The bill from the House, to provide for the
payment of the services of the volunteers and
militia corps in the service of the United States
in Florida, was read twice by unanimous consent,
and rcfcired.
The Senate then adjourned over to Monday,    i
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 22, 1836.
Mr. BENTON presented the credentials of the '
Hon. Robi:rt J. Walker, elected by the Legis-
late e of M^sissippi a Senator from that State,
to serve for six years from the 4th of March last.
['     The usual oath to support the Constitution of
I   the United States was then administered to Mr.
I   W. by the Vice President, and he took his seat
in the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Donel-
' son, his Private Secretary; which was read:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit, herewith, to Congre«s copies of the corre-
spondence between the Secretary ot Sute and the Charge
it'Affaires ot his Britannic Majesty, relative to the media-
tion ot Great Britain in our disagreement with France, and
to the determination of the Flench Government to execute
the treaty ot indemnification, without further delay,on the
application tor pavmont b\ tne agent ot the United fetales.
The grounds upon which the mediation was accepted
will be lound tully developed m the correspondence. On
the part ot France the mediation iiad been publicly ajceptcd
beioic the offei ol it could be icccived here. \\ hiNt each t
ot the two Governments has thus discovered a just solici-
tude to resort to all honorable means ot adjusting amicably
the controversy between them, it is a matter ot congratu-
lation that the mediation has been rendered unnecessary.
Under such circumstances the anticipation may be confi-
dently indulged that the disagreement between the United
States and France will not "have produced more than a
temporary estrangement. The healing eftects ot time, a
just consideration ot the ponerlnl motive* lor a coidial
good understanding between the two l.ation-., the stung
inducements each lias to re-peet and est em the other, will
no doubt soon obliterate lr m their remembrance all traces
of that disagieeuient.
Of the elevated ami disinterested pxrt the Government of
Great Britain has a^ted, and was pn pared to act, I have
already had occasion to express mj high sense. Universal
respect, and the consciousness ot meriting it, are, with Gov-
ernments as wiih men, the just rewards of those who faith-
fully exert their power to preserve peace, restore harmony,
and perpetuate good vvill.
I mav be permitted, I trust, at this time, without a sus-
picion of the rno-t remote desire to throw off censure liom
the Executive, or to point it to any other department or
branch of the Government, to refer to the want of effectn e
prepaiation m which our country was lound at tnu late
cusís.   Trom the nature of our institutions, the movements
of the Government in preparauon for hostilities mu t ever
be too slow for the exigencies of unexpected war.   I sub-
mit it, then, to you. whether the first duty we owe to the
people who have confided to us their power is not to place
our country in such an attitude as always to be so amply
supph  d with the means ot sell-defense as to afford no in-
ducements to othei nations to presume upon our torbear-
ance, or to expect important advantages trom a sudden
assault, either upon our commerce, our sea-coast, or our
intenoi fronüer. In case ot the commencement ot hostilities
during the recess of Congress, the time necessarily elapsing
before that body could be called together, even under the
most favorable circumstances, would be pregnant with
danger, and it vvc escaped without signal disaster or national   I
dishonor, tne hazard ot both unnecissanly incurred could I
not fail to excite a feeling of deep reproach.    I earnestly 11
recommend to you, therefore, to make «uih provisions that   '
in no future time shall we be found without ample means   '
to repel aggression, even although it may come upon us   J
without a note of warning.   We are now fortunately so
situated that the expenditure for this purpose will not be
felt, and if it were, it would be approved by tho e fiom
whom .nil its means arc derived, and for whose benefit only
it should be used with a liberal economy and enlightened j
forecast.
In behalf of these suggestions I cannot forbear repeating
the wise preccpu of one whose counsels cannot be lorgot ]
ten : " The United States ought not to indulge a persuasion
that, contrary to the order ot human events, they will for- 1
ever keep at a distance those painful appeals to arms with
which the history of everj other nation abounds. There
is a rank due to the United States among nations which
will be withheld, if not absolutely lost, by the reputation of
weakness. If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able
to repel it. If we desire to secure peace, one of the most
powertul instruments of our rising pro-penty, it must be
known that we are at all limes readv for war."
ANDREW JACKSON.
February 22, 1836.
W'^hington, January??!, 1833.
The undersigned, his Britannic Majesty's Charge d'Af-
faues, has been instructed to state to Mr. Forsvth, the S(c-
retary of State of the United States, that the British Gov-
ernment has witnessed with the greatest pain and regret
the progress ot the misunderstanding which has lately grown
up between the Governments of France and of the United
States. The first object of the undcviating policy of the
British Cabinet has been to maintain uninterrupted the re-
lations of peace between Great Britain and the other nations
of the world, without any abandonment of national inter-
ests, and without any sacrifice of national honor. The
next object to which their anxious and unremitting exer-
tions have been directed has been, by an appropriate exer-
cise of the good offices and moral influence ot Great Britain,
to heal dissensions which mav have arisen among neigh-
boring Power*, and to preserve for other nations those blc°ss-
mgs of peace which Great Britain is so desirous of securing
for herself.                                                                             b
The steady efforts of his Majesty's Government have
hitherto been fortunately successful m the accomplishment
of both these ends; and while Europe, during the last five
years, has passed through a crisis ot extraordinary hazard   >
without any disturbance of the general peace, his Majesty's   I
Government has the satisfaction of thinking that u has on   I
more than one occasion been instrumental in reconciling
I differences which might otherwise have led to quarrels,
1 and in cementing union between tiicudly Powcis.
But, if ever theie could bean occasion on which it would
be painful to the British Government to see the relations of
amity bioken off between tvv o friendh States, that occasion
is undoubtedly the present, when a rupture is nppiehend 'd
between two great Powers, with bodi ot which Great Brit-
ain is united by the closest ties; with one ot which she u
engaged in active alliance; with the other of which she is
joined by community ot interest and by the bonds ot kindred.
Nor would the grounds ot difference on the present oc-
casion reconcile the friends and well wishers ot the differ-
ing parties to the misfortune of an open rupture between
them.
When the conflicting Interests of two nations are so op-
posed on a particular question as to admit of no possible
compromise, the sword maybe required tu cut the knot
which reason is unable 10 untie.
When passions have been so excited on both sides that
no common standard ot justice can be lound, and what one
party insists on as a right the other denounces as a wrong,
prejudice may become too headstrong to yield to the voice
of equity ; and those who can agree on nothing else may
consent to abide the fate ot arms, and to allow that the
party which shall prove the weakest m the war shall be
deemed to have bjen wrong in the dispute.
But in the present case there is no que-tion of national
interest at issue between France and the United States. In
the piesent case there is no demand ot justice made by one
party, and denied by the other. Tne di puted claims ot
America on France, which were founded upon transactions
in the early part of the present century, and were for many
years in litigation, have at length been established bv m 
tual consent, and are admitted by a treaty concluded be-
tween the two Governments. The money due by France
has been provided by the Chambers, and has been placed
at the disposal of the French Government, for the purpose
of being paid to the United States. But questions have
anscn between the two Governments in the piogressof
those transactions, affecting on both sides the feelings of
national honor; and it is on this ground that the relations be-
tween the parties have been, tor the moment, suspended,
and are in danger of being more seuously intciruptcd.
In this state of things, the Brite-Ii Government is led to
think that the good oftices of a third Power, equally the
Inend ot France and of the United States, and prompt >d by
considerations of the highest order most earnestly to wish
tor the continuance ot peace, might be useful in restonnga
good under landing between the two parties, on a footing
consistent with the nicest feelings ot national honoi in bo'h.
The undersigned has, therefore, been instructed by Ins
Majesty's Government formally to tender to tho Govern-
ment of the United States the mediation of Great Britain,
for the settlement of the differences between the United
States and France; and to say that a note precisely similar
to the present has been delivered to the French Govern-
ment by his Majesty's Embassador at Paris. The under-
signed has, at the same tune, to express the confident hope
o! his Majesty's Government, that if the two parties would
agree to refer to the British Government the settlement of
the point at issue between them, nnd to abide by the opin-
ion which that Government might, after due consideration,
communicate to the two parlies thereupon, means might
be found to satisfy the honor of each, without incurring
tiróse great and manifold evils which a rupture between
two such Powers must inevitably entail on both.
Tne undersigned has the honor to renexv to Mr. Forsyth
the assurance ot his most distinguished consideration.
CHARLEd BANKHEAD.
Department or State,
Washington, February 3, Í836.
The undersigned, Secretary of Stated the United States,
has had the honor to receive the note, of the 27th ultimo, of
Mr. Charles Bankhead, Ins Britannic Majesty's Charge
d'Affaires, offering to the Government of the United States
the mediation of his Britannic Majesty'  Government for
thcsettlementof the differences unhappily existing between
the United States and France. That communication hav-
ing been submitted to the President, and considered with
all the care belonging to the importance of the subject and
the source from which it emanated, the undersigned has
been instructed to assure Mr. Bankhead that the disinter-
ested and honorable motives which have dictated the pro-
posal are fully appreciated. The pacific policy of his
Britannic Majesty's Cabinet, and their efforts to heal dis-
sensions arising among nations, are vv ortb v of the character
and commanding influence of Great Britain ; and the eu"-
cess of those efforts is as honorable to the Government by
whose instrumentality it was secured, as it has been bene-
ficial to the parties more immediately interested and to the
world at large.
The sentiments upon which this policy is founded, and
which are so forcibly displayed in the offer that has been
made, are deeply impressed upon the mind of the President.
They are congenial with the institutions and principles, as
well as with the interests and habit , of the people of the
Uuited States; and it has been the constant aim of their
Government, in its conduct towards other Powers, to ob-
serve and illustrate tliem. Cordially approving the general
views of his Britannic Majesty's Government, the President
regards, with peculiar satisfaction, the enlightened and dis-
interested solicitude manifested by it for the welfare of tho
nations to whom its good offices are now tendered, and has
seen with great sensibility, in the exhibition of that feeling,
the recognition of that community of interests and those
ties of kindred by which the United States and Great
Britain are united.
If circumstances did not render it certain, it would have
been obvious, from the langu age of Mr. Bankhead's note to
the undersigned, that the Government of bis Britannic Ma-
jesty, when the mstrucuons under which it was prepared
were given, could not have been apprised of all the steps
taken in the controversy between the United States and
France. Itwas necessarily ignorant of the tenor of the two
recent messages of the President to Congress—«he first com-
