1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
190
muiucated at the commencement of the present session,
under date of the 7th of December, 1835, ajid the second
under that of the 15th of January, 1833. Could these doc-
uments have been within the knowledge of his Britannic
Majesty's Government, the President does not doubt that it
would have been lully satisfied that the disposition of the
United States, notwithstanding their well-grounded and
serious causes of complaint against France, to restore
friendly relations and cultivate a good understanding with
the Government of that country, was undiminished, and
that all had already been done, on their pait, that could in
reason be expeciedof them to secure that result. The fir^t
of these lineaments, although it gave such a history of the
origin and progress of tne claims ot' the Lnited States, and
of the proceedings oi France before and since the treaty of
1831, as to vindicate mo statements and iccoruinendatiQiis
of the message oi the 1st of December, 1834, yet expressly
disclaimed tue offensive interpretation put upon it by the
Government of France; and, while it insisted on tile ac-
knowledged rights of the lTiuted States, aud the obligations
of the treaty, and maintained the honor and independence
of the American Government, evinced an anxious desire to
do all that constitutional duty and strict justice would per-
mit, to remove every cause of irritation and excitement.
The special message of the 15th January last, being called
for by the extraordinary and inadmissible demanda of the
Government of Prance, as defined in the last official com-
munications at Paris, and by the continued refusal of
France to .execute a treaty, from the faithtul performance
of wbieh by the United Slates it was tranquilly enjoying
important advantages, it became the duty of the President
to recommend suca measures as might be adapted to the
exigencies of the occasion. Unwilling to believe that a
nation distinguished tor honor and intelligence could have
determined permanently to maintain a ground so indefens-
ible, and anxioui still to leave open the door of reconcilia-
tion, the President contented himself with proposing to
Congress the mildest oi the remedies given by the law and
practice of nations ; in connection with such propositions
tor defen,c as were evidently required by the condition of
the Ignited States, and the attitude assumed by France. In
all these proceedings, a  well as m every stage of these dif-
ficulties with France, it is confidently believed that the
course of the United States, when duly considered by other
Governments and the world, will be found to have been
marked, not only by a pacific disposition, but by a spirit of
torbearance and conciliation.
For a tut tiler illustration of this point, as well as for the
purpose of presenting a lucid view of the whole subject, the
undersigned has the honor to transmit to Mr. Bankhead
copies of all that part of the message of December 7,1835,
which relates to it, and of the coriespondenee referred to
therein; and also copies of the message and accompanying
documents of the 15th of January, 1835, and of ano.her
message of the 18th of the same month, transmitting a re-
port ot the Secretary of State, and certain documents con-
nected with the subject.
These papers, wmle they bring down the history of the
misunderstanding between the United States and France to
the present date, will also remove an erroneous impression
which appears to be entertained by his Britannic Majesty's
Government. It it suggested in Mr. Bankhead's note that
there is no question of national interest at issue between
France and the United States; and that there is no demand
of justice made by the one party and denied by the other.
This suggestion appears to be founded on the facts, that the
claims oí the United States have been admitted by a treaty
concluded between the two Governments, and that the
money due by France has been provided by the Chambers
and placed at the disposal of the French Government for
the purpose of being paid to the United States. But it is to
be observed, that the payment of the money thus appropri-
ated is refused by the French Government, unless the L'ni-
ted States will first comply with a condition not contained
m the treaty, and not assented to by them. This refu-
sal to make payment is, in the view of the United States,
a denial of justice; and has not only been accompanied by
acts and language of which they have great reason to com-
plain, but the delay of payment is highly injurious to those
American citizens who are entitled to share in the indem-
nification provided by the treaty, and to the interests of the
United States; inasmuch as the reduction of the duties
levied on French wines, in pursuance of that treaty, has
diminished the public revenue, and has been, and yet is,
enjoyed by France, with all the otherbenefits of the treaty,
without  the   consideration  and   equivalents   for   which
they were granted.   Buttnere are other national interests__
and, in the judginentof this Government, national interests
of the highest order—involved in the condition prescribed
and insisted on by France, which it has been, by the Pres-
ident, made the duty of the undersigned to bring distinctly
into view. That condition proceed i on the assumption, that
a foreign Power, wi.o5e acts are spoken of by the President
of the United States in a message to Congress, transmitted
in obedience to his constitutional duties, and which deemed
itself aggrieved by the language thus held by him, may, as
a matter of right, require from the Government of the United
States a direct official explanation of such language, to be
given in such form, and expressed in such terms, as shall
meet the requirements and satisfy the feelings of the of-
fended party; arfd may, in default of such explanation,
annul or suspend a solemn treaty duly executed by its con-
stitutional organ. Whatever may be the responsibility of
those nations whose Executives possess the power of de-
claring war, and of adopting other coercive remedies, with,
out the intervention of the legislative department, tor the
language held by the Executive in addressing that depart-
ment,itis obvious that, under the Constitution of the United
States, which gives to the Executive no such powers, but
vests them exclusively in the Legislature, while at the same
time it imposes On the Executive the duty of laying before the
Legislature the state of the nation, with such recommend-
ations as he may deem proper, no such responsibility can
be admitted without impairing that freedom of intcrcom-
inlmication which is essential to the system, and without
surrendering, in this important particular, the right of self-
government. In accordance with this view of the Federal
Constitution, has been the practice, under it. The state-
ments and recommendations of the President to Congress
are regarded by this Government as n part of the purely
domestic consultations held by its different Departments__
consultations in wnich nothing is addressed to foreign
Powers, and in which they cannot be permitted to interfere,
and for which, until consummated and carried out by acts
emanating from the proper constitutional organs, the nation
is not responsible, and tile Government not liable to account
to other States.
It will be seen from the accompanying correspondence,
that when the condition referred to was fust proposed in the
Chamber of Deputies, tile insuperable objections to it were
lully communicated by the American Minister at Paris to
the French Government; ami that lie distinctly mforme.l it
that the condition, if prescribed, could never be complied
with. The views expressed by lum were approved by the
President, and have been since twice asserted and enforced
by him in hi  message to Congress, in terms proportioned,
in their cxplienness and solemnity, to the conviction he en-
tertains ot the importance and inviolability of the principle
involved.
The United States cannot yield this principle, nor can
they do, or consent to any measure by which its influence
in the action of their political system can be obstructed or
diminished. Under these circumstances, the President feels
that he may rely on the intelligence anil liberality of his
Britannic Majesty's Government lor a correct estimation
of the imperative obligations which leave him no power to
submit tins point lo the control of any foreign State, wnat-
ever may be Ins confidence in its justice and impartiality—
a confidence which lie has taken pleasure in instructing the
undersigned to state is lully reposed by him in the Govern-
ment ot his Britannic Majesty.
So great, however, i  uie desire of the President for the
restoratioii ol a good understanding with the Government
of France, provided it can be effected on terms compatible
with the honor and independence of the United States, that
if, after the frank avowal of his sentiments upon the (mint
last referred to, and the explicit reservation of that point,
the Government ot his Bruannic Majesty shall believe that
its mediation can be Uoeml in adjusting the differences
which exist between the two countries, and in restoring all
their relations to a friendly footing, he umi uets the under-
signed to intorm Mr. Bankhead that, in such case, the offer
of mediatio.i made ia Ins note is e.ieer.'ully accepted.
The United States desire nothing but equal and exact
justice; and they cannot but hope, that the good offices of
a third Power, friendly to both parties, and prompted by the
elevated considerations manifested in Air. Bankhead's note,
may promote the attainment of tins end.
Influenced by these motives, the President will cordially
coup.'rate, so lar as his constitutional powers may enable
him, in such steps as may be requisite, on the p irt of the
United States, to give ettect to the pioposed mediation. He
trusts that no unnecessary delay will he allowed to occur;
and instructs the undersigned to request, that the cailiest
information of the measures taken by Great Britain, and of
their result, may be communicated to this Government.
The undersigned avails himself of the occasion to renew
to.Mr. Bankhead the assurances of his distinguished con-
sideration.                                          JOHN FORSYTH.
Washington, February 15, 1835.
The undersigned, his BuUnnic Majesty's Charge d'Af-
faires, with reierence to Ins note of the 27th of hut month,
has the honor to inform Mr. Forsvth, Secretary of State of
the United States, that he has been instructed by his Gov-
ernment to state, that the British Government lias received
a communication from that of France, which fulfills the
wishes that impelled his Britannic Majestv to offer his
mediation for the purpose of effecting an amicable ariju t-
ment of the difference between France and the United
States.
The French Government has stated to that of his Majesty,
that the frank and honorable manner in which the President
has, in his recent message, expressed himself with regard
to the points of difference between the Governments of
France and of the United States, has removed those diffi-
culties, upon the score of national honor, which hitherto ,
stood ill the way of the prompt execution by France of the [
treaty of the 4th July, 1331, and that, consequents-, the i
French Government is now ready to pay the installment
which is due on account of the American indemnity, when- ¡
ever the payment of that installment shall be claimed by the
Government of the United States.
The French Government has also stated that it made this '
communication to that of Great Britain, not regarding the
British Government as a formal mediator, since its offer of ,
mediation had then reached only the Government of Fiance,
by which it had been accepted; but looking upon the Biitish
Government as a common friend of the two parties, and,
therefore, as a natural channel of communication between
them.
The undersigned is further instructed to express the sin-
cere pleasure which is felt by the British Government at the
prospect thus afforded of an amicable termination of a dif-
ference which has produced a temporary estrangement be- |
tween two nations who have so many interests in common, !
and who are so entitled to the friendship and estesritof each
other; and the undersigned has also to assure Mr. Forsyth
that it has afforded the British Government the most lively
satisfaction to have been, upon this occasion, the channel
of a communication which, they trust, will lead to the com-
plete restoration of friendly relations between the United
States and France.
The undersigned has great pleasure in renewing to Mr.
Forsyth the assurance ot his most distinguished considera-
t 0"-                                       CHARLES BANKHEAD.
The Hon. John Forsyth, fcc
Departmentof State,
Washington, February 16, 1833.     !
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the United States, !
has had the honor to receive Mr. BnnkheAd's note of the
15th instant, in which he states, by the instructions of bis
| Government, that the British Government have received a
communication from that of France,whieh fulfills the withes
that impelled his Britannic Majesty lo offer his mediation
for the purpose of effecting an amicable adjustment of the
difference between France and the United States—that the
French Government, being satisfied with the frankandhon-
orable manner in which the President has, in his recent mes-
sage, expressed himself in regard to the points of difference
between the two Governments, is ready to pay the install-
ment due on account of the indemnity, whenever it shall
be claimed by the Government of the United States, and
that this com in unication is made to the Government ot Great
Britain, not ns a formal mediator, but as a common friend
of both parties.
: T.ie uadersigned has submitted this note of his Britannic
Majesty's Clinrg5 d'Aff.urcs to the Prc.-idcut, and is in-
structed to reply, that the President has received this in-
; formation with the highest satisfaction—a satisfaction as
sincoreas was his regretat the unexpected occurrence of the
difficulty created by the erroneous impressions heretofore
made upon the national sensibility of France.    By the ful-
I fillment of the obligations of the convention between the
two Governments, the great cause of difference will be re-
moved; and the President anticipates that the benevolent
and magnanimous wishes of Ins Biitannie Majesty's Gov-
ernment will be speedily realized, as the temporary estrange-
ment between the two nation-, who have so many common
interests, will no doubt bo followed by the restoration of
their ancient ties of friendship and esteem.
The President has luither instructed the undersigned to
express to In-, Britannic .Majesty's Government his semibihty
at the anxious desire it haj di-played to preserve the rela-
tions of peace between the United States and France, and
the exc.tio.is it was prepired to make to effectuate that
object, so essential to the p-o perity and congenial to the
wishes of th • two nations, and to the repose of the world.
Leaving his Majesty's Government to the consciousness
of the elevated motives which have governed its conduct,
and to the universal respect which must ba secured to it,
the President is satisfied that no expressions, however strong,
of his own feelings, can be appropriately u^ed, which could
add to the gratification afforded to his Majesty's Govern-
ment at being the channel of communication to preserve
peace, and restore goodwill between differing nations, each
of whom i- its friend.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion to renew
to Mr. Bankhead the assurance of his distinguished consid-
eration.                                               JOHN FORSYTH.
Charles Bankhead, Esq.
Mr. CLAY said he rose to propose, as the course
' most proper and agreeable to the Senate, that the
message and documents just read be laid on the
table and printed; but before I make any motion,
(said he,) allow me to express my satisfaction at
the happy termination of the unfortunate differ-
ences between two nations who had so little cause
for enmity towards each other. He could not (he
said) withhold the expression of his cordial con-
gratulation to the Senate for the agency it had in
producingthis happy termination of the difficulty.
■  If the Senate had not, by its unanimous vote of
1 last September, declared that it was inexpedient
: to adopt any legislative action upon the subject of
j our relations with Prance—if it had yielded to the
recommendations of the Executive in ordering
reprisals against that Power—it could not be
doubted but that war would exist atthis momentin
its most serious state. Nay, further: if the Senate
had not, at the close of the last session, refused the
unconstitutional appropriation of $3,000,000, pro-
: posed under extraordinary circumstances,  and
■  withoutanyspecificlimitations,could there be any
j doubt that at this moment war would be raging be-
; tween the two countries?   The correspondence
between the twoGovernmontsdisclosed great mis-
takes on both sides; but it was not his purpose,
under the present happy circumstances, to throw
any censure on either party. Upon one point
of the correspondence, however, he trusted he
would be excused for making a few observations.
The great principle which created an obstacle to
the settlement of the controversy was, as avowed
by the President, that, for any communication
made by him, publicly made, made in the presence
of the world, made in the presence of the diplomat-
ic corps assembled at the seat of Government, no
matter what the official character of the commu-
nication, foreign Governments have no right to
demand an explanation of it. He must be per-
mitted to observe that, if this principle be correct,
we must hold it towards other nations. If we
have the right to use offensive language towards
other nations, they have the right to speak of us
in like manner. The King of France and other
foreign potentates, in their communications to
their Legislatures, have the right to use offensive
language to us—to menace us, and to charge us
with Want of good faith. If the principle be true,
that we have no right to ask ex| «lanations of offens-
ive language towards us, if it bo true that for-
eign nations hare no right to ask the same of ut.
