1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
House had shown, by it3 votes since, that there I
was no necessity tor that measure He hoped
gentlemen would not think that he had any party
interest in view in this matter. He appealed to
the liberality, to the patriotism, and to tli" candor
of gentlemen, since it had been demonstiated that
the measure was no longer necessary, and when
the pressing occasion which had brought it for-
ward had passed, to íescind the resolution. Did
eentlemen fear that the appropriation bills would
not be taken up > He conceived there would be
no opposition to taking them up. There never
had been any opposition to taking up those bills,
whenever the motion to take them up came from
the proper quarter—he meant the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. He remem-
bered no case of objection being made, except on
one occasion, and that Mr. B had made himself,
for the purpose of amending the rulos and orders
of the House, which ho conceded to be of the
utmost importance in any dehbeiative body. If
any other opposition had been made to taking up
those bills, he had no recollection of it, and he
undertook further to say, that no opposition
would be made. He had always yielded to the
regularly constituted oigans of the Government,
and he believed, if the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cam&releng] should move to take
up the appiopnation bills, he could venture to
pi edict that he would mi et with no opposition.
Then would gentlemen not repeal the íesolution
he had spoken of If it was not lepcaled, the
effect would be that any one member might call
for the execution of it.
As to the North Carolina contested-election
question, he left it to others to say whether it
should be made the order of the day for Wed-
nesday or not.
Mr WILLIAMS, of Nonh Carolina, said that
it might be necessary to recommit the subject to
a committee, and he believed the general course
to be, to lay the subject on the table until the re-
port and documents could be printed. He thought
there would be no opposition to laying the sub-
ject on the table. It could then be taken up at
any time, and acted upon during the morning
hour. He moved to lay the subject on the table,
but subsequently withdrew it.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said, that the re-
marks which he felt himself called upon to make
had no necessary connection with the subject be-
fore the House. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] had made allusion not only to the
resolution which he had the honor to submit to
the House, but liad alluded to Mr. M. person-
ally, which made it necessary for him to reply.
He did not think at the time that he introduced
the resolution, nor did he think now, that the
resolution had the effect the gentleman described.
He could not conceive how the resolution tended
to disturb or cut off debate. It would be remem-
bered by the House, that when that resolution
was brought before it, our foreign relations were
on a veiy different footing from what they were
at present. He agreed with the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that the reasons urged in
its favor had, in a great measure, disappeared.
We had at that time no indications of the media-
tion of Great Britain, nor of the happy effect pro-
duced by the Piesidcnt's message on the coun-
cils of France The committee were of opinion
at that time that immediate action was necessary
on the appropriation bills. The gentleman from
Tennessee was right in supposing that the time
had passed by when any extraoidinory appro-
priations would be necessaiy, but Mr. M. must
be permitted to say that the ordinary appropua-
tion bills did require speedy action Some of
the appropriations were already needed, and the
public service must suffer until the appropriation
bills were passed. There were ships of war now
which could not be manned until some of those
bills pass. It was a matter of vast importance
that those bills should be speedily passed; and he
thought the resolution adopted by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs was well calculated to effect
the object. It was true that we had made but
little piogress; but, without meaning to cast re-
proach anywhere, he appealed to the gentleman
from Tennessee to say whether the protracted
discussion on the Navy bill had not sprung from
the motion made by the gentleman himself   It
was time that the appropriation bills were dis-
posed of. Let the appropriation bills be disposed
of speedily, but with all the examination gentle-
men may wish to give them, and with all the
ireedom of discussion asked for, and then he
would bo willing to rescind that íesolution, unless
an unlooked-for state of things should occur.
Mr. BELL said he saw ahead y what was to
be looked for. The public service was suffering,
and that was to be the argument until the appro-
priation bills were passed. He called upon the
gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Mason] to say
whether the House had not, instead of going into
the consideration of those bills, gone to other
business which had taken days to discuss'
Mr. MASON said ho was not responsible for
the acts of other gentlemen. On one occasion he
had made the motion to suspend the rule, for
the purpose of receiving petitions, and, as the
operations of the Treasury Department had ex-
perienced considerable embarrassment in conse-
quence of the fire in New York, he had concurred
with the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr Cam-
brelevg] in his efforts to get that bill through
the House. He had, however, always been anx-
ious, and was still anxious, to have the appro-
priation bills disposed of.
Mi. MANN, of New York,said, for the pur-
pose of disposing of this question, and, at the
suggestion of several gentlemen near him, that
it might be approached at some convenient time,
if in order, he should move that it be postponed
till Tuesday week, with a view of giving longer
time than had been proposed on the one side, and
shorter than had been asked for on the other.
He would prefer that to laying it on the table, for
the question was an important one to the State
interested, and ought to be settled speedily. It
usually happened, that cases of this kind were
postponed to a remote period, or till nearly the
termination of the session before they were defin-
itively acted on; but he hoped that course would
not be followed in future. He knew nothing of
the present case, and had scarcely heard one
word on the subject. He understood, however,
that the report and documents were not very
voluminous.
It was a matter of deep regret (said Mr. M.)
to many gentlemen there, that the knowledge of
the rules and proceedings of the House pos-
sessed by the honorable gentleman from Ten-
; nessee [Mr. Bell] should be the cause of giving
| him so much affliction—an affliction which
seemed to press upon him daily, hourly, and con-
tinually, and which broke out sometimes to the
affliction of the gentleman's own friends. Why,
Mr. M. had been an observer of the proceed-
ings there, under different administrations of the
Chair, since lie had had the honor of a seat there,
and he had always observed that the first and
regular business in order on that floor was to
ask the unanimous consent of the House to make
a motion to suspend the rules. That, he thought,
was always business in order. As to the remedy
to be applied with regard to the various subjects
that came before them, he had heard none sug-
gested by the gentleman from Tennessee, not-
withstanding his great erudition in the rules and
orders and course of proceedings of that House.
That gentleman had seen fit to complain, in
no very measured terms, of the decisions of the
present Chair in reference to the execution of the
special order of the House—a decision, the gen-
tleman informed them, not in accordance with
the practice of the House when the gentleman
himself had a seat in that chair. Now, so far as
the correct proceeding might be concerned, Mr.
M. would not profess to be qualified to decide
between the various gentlemen who had occupied
that chair, and who had found it necessary to
five a construction to the various orders of the
louse in regard to their own proceeding. He
only knew this, that so far as his own observa-
tion extended during the present session, com-
paring it with the two preceding sessions, he had
not found greater or more confusion in the order
of business now than heretofore. He was not,
therefore, to attribute what confusion had arisen
to the decisions of the Chair. Those decisions
had been usually in accordance with the express
orders of the House.
The gentleman from Tennessee said, that when i
the House had made an express special order, it
became the duty of the Chair first to take up cer-
tain business on the Speaker's table befoie that
special order was executed, If so, then there
would be very little use in making a special order
at all.
Mr. CRAIG rose to a point of order, on the
ground that the gentleman's remarks were not
pertinent to the question before the House.
The CHAIR was of opinion that the debate
was taking too wide a range. It was understood,
however, to be the object of the gentleman from
Tennessee, and other gentlemen, to show that
the House should or should not make this special
order, because there were other special orders,
and any reason why the House should or should
not adopt any special order would be in older.
Mr. MANN expressed his obligations to his
friend from Virginia [Mr. Craig] for admonish-
ing him that they were debating a very different
question, and he would endeavor to conform him-
self somewhat to it. He was only replying to the
remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee, who,
while he was complaining of want of order in the
proceedings of the House, was, as Mr. M. con-
sidered, at the time as widely out of order as any-
thing that could be found upon the records and
Journals of either that or the former session of
the House. That being so, with the admonition
of his friend fiom Virginia, ho would resume his
seat.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. BOYD asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the gentleman from North
Carolina would withdraw the motion, as the sit-
ting member had asked for more time to take fur-
ther testimony; and it was therefore necessary to
appoint some definite time for the consideration
of the report.
Mr. MERCER hoped the call for the yeas and
nays would be withdrawn, as about half the time
of the session was consumed in taking them.
Mr. WILLIAMS then withdrew his motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. BHíjL denied that he had spoken disre-
spectfully of the Chair; andas the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Mann] had thrown no new light
upon the subject, Mr. B. must say that what had
fallen from the gentleman was impertinent.
Mr. MANN said he mighthave misunderstood
the gentleman. He did not understand him to
speak disrespectfully of the Chair, or in a spirit
of complaint towards the Chair, but only in a
spirit of complaint of the decisions of the Chair
in regard to the order of business. If it was " im-
pel tinent" to speak of the gentleman's complaint,
then, surely, the gentleman himself must have
been " impertinent" in making the complaint of
those decisions.
The CHAIR pronounced the motion of the gen-
tleman fiom New York, to postpone until Tues-
day week, not to be then in order.
Mr. BOYD said he was willing to accept it as
a modification of his own motion.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman that he
could not do it without an order of instruction
from the Committee on Elections, the original
motion being so made to the House.
Mr. W. B.SHEPARD then withdrew his mo-
tion to postpone till Wednesday three weeks.
The CHAIR announced the orders of the day,
the hour of one o'clock having arrived.
Mr. McKAY moved to suspend the rules, in
order to proceed with the consideration of the re-
port before the House, and modified it for one
hour, at the suggestion of Mr. Cambuelevg, but
the motion was lost without a count; and the
House proceeded to the
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I.  A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
correcting a material clerical error in the tabular
statements of expenditures from 1816 to 1834,
heretofore transmitted to the House in answer to
a resolution of the 31st of December last; which
was laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
II.  A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a list of the clerks in  the Wrr Depart-
