210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB£.
February 26,
be said he was forestalling the rerdiet, or, at least,
that he had strong prejudices, and would not be
considered as competent to give an impartial de-
Mr." G. assured the House that he desired no
delay, hut sought for justice; and lie would give
to the House a few facts, to show tho inconve-
nience to which the sittmg member had been sub-
jected. In the first place, the petitioner was in
the situation of a plaintiff in a court of justice,
who was necessarily in advance of the defendant
with his testimony', and could not be taken by
surprise. Tin: defendant, like the sitting member
in the present case, had no opportunity of know-
ing what testimony he should have to hunt up,
nor what he should have to make replication to.
Now, the elections in North Carolina were held
on the second Thursday in August. The peti-
tioner (Mr. Ncwland) being one .<f the three can-
didates before the people, did not give tho sitting
member notice until the second day of October
of his intention to contest the seat, having had
nearly two months to ascertain, as well as he
could, the nature and character of his testimony.
Before that he did not think proper to take any
stand, contrary to the general rule of contested
«lections, where notice was very often given at
the moment, though they were afterwards aban-
doned. The sitting member did not deem it his
duty to take any active steps until the petitioner
hadcommenced taking his depositions. On Thurs-
day, the 29th of October, the petitioner com-
menced, and continued through Thursday, Fri-
day, and Satuiday. He then went to another
place thirty-eight miles off, and commenced taking
depositions on the Monduy following, continuing
through Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
The notices were so arranged that the sitting
member attended with the petitioner. He then
received a notice to attend some sixty-seven or
sixty-eight miles on the Monday following; and
he attended accordingly.
Mr. BYNUM begged to inquire if it wa3 in
order for his colleague to go into a detailed state-
ment of the case at that stage of the proceeding?
The CHAIR replied that, though the merits
of the question were not open, the gentleman had
a right to state the grounds upon which he urged
that the House should not postpone the subject
to a day certain, or why he desired further time,
with a view that the House should act on the
motion to commit,
Mr. BYNUM would then ask if it would not
be an act of justice to admit the petitioner to a
seat on the floor, either in person or by counsel,
to reply to tho statements made by the gentleman
himself, which, it was evident, must be prejudi-
cial to the petitioner?                                            !
The CHAIR replied that that was a matter for
the decision of the House.
Mr. GRAHAM proceeded. He was about to
State the reasons, and he was borne out by the
facts, why the sitting member should have an op-
portunity of placing the whole evidence before
the House.
The depositions commenced on the 29th of Oc-
tober, and continued step by step, day after day,
inconstantsuccession, keeping the sitting member
in constant attendance for upwards of twenty
days, until he was compelled to take his departure
for Washington city.
The mountain district which Mr. G. had the
honor to represent, was not only one of the
most populous in point of numbers, but for extent
of territory, was, perhaps, the largest in the
United States. The population was sparse, but
the district was nearly two hundred miles in
length, and about eighty or ninety in width, being
shaped like a bell. Now, how was it possible
for mortal man to have traveled over the whole
space, and collect and investigate testimony in so
snort atime.' This was one reason why, injustice,
he asked for further time to enable him to lay the
whole of the evidence before the House.
Mr. G. then entered into a lengthy statement
of the proceedings before the Committee on Elec-
tions on the subject of a protest he had offered,
and of his application to be heard on the princi-
ples of that paper. From the Christmas holidays
he had heard nothing from the committee, until
about the 15th or 16th of January, when the
committee assembled and desired to know if the
parties had anything further to say. The sitting
member then informed them thai he had anx-
iously and confidently hoped that his protest
would have been passed upon, and an extension
of time given him to collect fnrtln r testimony.
Some time afterward he was notified by the chair-
man of the committee that further time would- 
not be allowed; and Mr. tí. supposed he had then
no right to make the motion m the House, be-
cause it had referred the  whole subject  to the
committee. These were substantially the facts
upon which he grounded his appeal to the House,
that further time should be given him to take
depositions.
Mr. HOWARD desired to make an inquiry of
the committee, the necessity of which sprung from
the remarks of the gentleman who had just taken
his seat. It was proper that the inquiry should
be made, and promptly answered, because some-
thing like censure had been imputed to the com-
mittee. A report had been brought in from a
standing committee of the House, after two months
of inquiry; and upon the very same day that that
report was brought in the House was called upon-
to grant further time to take depositions. From
the remarks of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Graham,] it appeared that, on the 15th
or 16th of January last, he applied to that com-
mittee for the privilege he then sought to obtain
at the hands of the House. Now, if the House
should undertake to grant that time, it struck Mr.
H. that it would be entertaining an appeal from
the decision of that committee, and reversing its
opinions. They would be casting an implied
censure upon the committee for refusing to do,
after mature deliberation, what the House itself
saw fit to do the moment it was called upon.
The inquiry Mr. H. desired to make was this:
He wished to know from the committee what
were their reasons for refusing, about the 15th or
16th of January, further time to the sitting mem-
ber to take depositions ? -Being himself altogether
ignorant of the merits of the case, and anxious to
keep himself so until he was in possession of the
testimony, he put this inquiry in order that he
might judge if the committee had erred or not in
refusing to grant what the House was then called
upon to grant.
Mr. BOYD (in reply to the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Howard,] and, to
the remarks of the sitting member) said he had
| to state that the evidence before the committee
showed that the petitioner gave notice sixty-six
days before the meeting of Congress of his in-
tention to contest the election of the sitting mem-
ber. It was true, as stated by the gentleman
from North Carolina, that the first depositions
were taken on the 29th of October, and from that
time up to the meeting of Congress, the parties
were each engaged in taking depositions; and as
to the inconvenience complained of by the sitting
member, that he was notified to take depositions
at one point to-day, and at another seventy miles
, distant to-morrow, Mr. B. had only to sny, that
that inconvenience, if it could be called such,
operated reciprocally. The fact was, each of the
gentlemen attended, either by themselves or by
| their agents, all the appointments for taking de-
positions; and they examined and cross-exam-
ined all the witnesses, except in one  solitary
; instance; and in that case, the sitting member,
who failed to attend, had twenty-four or twenty-
' five days' notice given him.   The committee
i thought an equal opportunity had been given the
parties for taking testimony, and that sixty «six
days was a sufficient time to collect all the evi-
dence necessary to enable that House to determine
who was entitled to the contested seat. These
were some of the, reasons which induced the
i committee to reject the application of the sitting
member for time to take additional testimony.
It seemed to Mr. B. singular that gentlemen who
| thought further time should be given for taking
! testimony, should be found also urging the pro-
< priety of putting off the examination of the whole
subject for more than three weeks. Ought they
not rather (said Mr. B.) to join in making this
, subject the special order of the day for Wednes-
day next, or some other early day, that we may
act as soon as the testimony is printed and laid
upon our tables ? This course seemed to him to
be the proper one, unless gentlemen were dis-
posed to act without evidence, except such as
I should be furnished by the sitting member and tb 
, individual members of the committee.    He (Mr.
B.) had no feeling on this subject, and in the
whole investigation of this case he had been in-
fluenced alone by a desire todo justice to all con-
. cerned, and he had no doubt all the members of
the committee had  been actuated by a similar
desire.
Mr. HARD merely wished to remark, in an-
swer to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Boyd,] that the minority of the committee desired
to put this matter off. He also wished to explain
why he had submitted his motion to recommit.
It would be recollected, that when the gentleman
from Kentucky made this report of the majority
of the committee, the sitting member obtained
the unanimous consent of the House to submit
his protest, and it was also unanimously ordered
to be printed; and Mr. H. had supposed that that
paper furnished subject-matter upon which the
House could act. With that view, he had sub-
mitted the motion that the prayer or application
; of the sitting member might be granted. It also
then occurred to him, and he still believed that
'■ motion to be in order, the House having granted
their consent that he should submit, his applica-
tion—and he should still insist upon his motion,
: and renew it—that the sitting member have fur-
ther time to make an examination of the evidence.
Mr. BOYD again rose but the Speaker an-
nounced that the hour devoted to morning busi-
ness had expired.
Mr. RENCHER remarked that it was exceed-
1 ingly important that this subject should beprompt 
ly decided; and, in order to effect that object, he
moved that the rules of the House be suspended,,
with a view to make some disposition of it; but
the motion was rejected—ayes 105, noes 58, not
two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then made a similar
motion, with a view to proceed to the considera-
tion of the unfinished business ofyesterday, being
the bill for the relief of the sufferers by fire in
the city of New York; which was lost without ft
count.   •
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the relief of Jesse Smith and others.'
Mr. OWENS concluded the remarks against
the bill which he had commenced on a former
day.
The bill was further advocated by Mr. WHIT-
TLESEY, and opposed by Mr. CRAIG, when '
Mr. DUNLAP moved the previous question;
and, upon seconding the same, there appeared—
ayes 79, noes 31—no quorum voting.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, mofed
a call of the House; which was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; but before
l i the same was gone through with,
Mr. GARLAND moved to suspend further
! proceedings under the call; which was agreed
j to—ayes T9, noes 53.
The previous question was then seconded—
¡ ayes 95, noes not counted.
The question, " Shall the main question be now
put?" was decided in the affirmative.
!' Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
far the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 111, nays
72.
j     So the bill was passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole (Mr. Phillips in the chair)
, upon the following bills:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Latham;
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small;
j     A bill for the relief of Reuben Colburn;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Chaniplin and other ,
owners, &c, of the schooner Buffalo;
J     A bill for the relief of Henry Darling;
|     A bill for the relief of Charles M. Frazier;
|     A bill granting pensions and arrearage of pen-
I sions to persons therein named;
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Wormsteads
A bill for the relief of Abiel Roads and others;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Phillips and
: others;
