183$.
THE CONGBESS!0#4:í- CrtQTO-
211
A bul for the relief of Joseph W. Green and
others;
A bill for the relief of George Gott and others;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin and Nancy
Merrill;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gresham;
A bill for the relief of William Bowman;
A bill for the relief of citizens of the reserved
township, Monroe county, Indiana;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon & Co.,
New York;
A bill for the relief of Amy Wilson; and
A bill for the relief of Doxtator &, Weaver.
The committee rose and reported the bill for
the relief of the heirs of James Latham, deceased,
with an amendment; and the bills for the relief of
Archibald Small, Reuben Colburn, Isaac Cham-
plin and others, and Henry Darling, without
amendment.
Upon the other bills referred the committee
•sked and obtained leave to sit again; when
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 27, 1836.
Mr. MARTIN moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to present certain memorials.
Mr. WARDWELL moved to amend the mo-
tion, so as to enable him also to submit various
petitions; which was negatived.
The motion of Mr. Martin was also nega-
tived.
Mr. WHITE, moved to suspend the rule for
one hour for the purpose of receiving petitions;
which was disagreed to.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The report of the Committee of Elections on
the contested election from North Carolina, came
up as the unfinished business of the morning hour
of yesterday.
The question pending was the amendment of
Mr. Mann, of New York, proposing to make
the report the special order for Tuesday week,
instead of Wednesday next, as moved by the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he understood the
question now before the House to be a motion
to fix a day certain for the consideration of the
report presented by the Committee of Elections;
«nd he also understood that the sitting member
[Mr. Graham] and other honorable gentlemen
contended that the sitting member ought to have
longer time for the taking of testimony; and he
had already heard of a motion to recommit this
case to the Committee of Elections, to the end that
he might have further time. He was for taking
up the case after the lapse of the shortest period
of time within which the testimony and report
could be printed, and gentlemen could possess
themselves of the ease.
The prominent facts of this case, as he had
heard them from gentlemen of the Committee of
Elections who had addressed the House yester-
day, and also from the sitting member, were
these: In October last, and more than sixty days
before the commencement of the present session
of Congress, the petitioner gave notice to the
sitting member that he would contest his right
to a seat in this House; the parties some time
afterwards took testimony; the petitioner came
here with his petition, and it was referred to the
Committee of Elections. They proceeded to act
upon the case; and about the middle of January,
and after more than six weeks had elapsed since
the committee had entered upon the case, the
sitting member applied to the committee for
further time to take testimony. The committee
refused to give puch time, and have reported to
us that the petitioner is entitled to his seat. The
sitting member ha3 addressed to us a paper, in
the shape of a petition, for further time to take
testimony.
He humbly conceived, that this application
could not be granted consistently with the rights
of the petitioner, and, what were more important,
the rights of the electors of the district to which
.the gentleman belonged. He objected, wholly
objected to the position urged by the honorable
*Uting member on yesterday, that he was not
obliged to commence taking his evidence until
the petitioner had commenced taking his testi-
mony. The sitting member was notified that his
seat would be contested; he knew what evidence,
what materials, he could command to fortify his
claim toa scat; and it was his duty to secure them
with all reasonable diligence, tic need not have
waited till after the other party had taken his
incipient steps. The law and reason, in matters
of this kind, favored only the diligent. The
sitting member had told us that his district was
very large. Mr. V. thought that, if it was as
large as represented, sixty-four days were, in all
conscience, time enough to have procured his tes-
timony. The gentleman's State was very large,
but he ventured to say that the laws and courts
of his State did not require more than fourteen or
twenty days' notice of trial in civil cases, though
a party might have witnesses in the extremest
portion of the State. But this was not all: not
only had the sitting member had abundance of
time to take his testimony before the meeting of
Congress, but he was chargeable with the most
fatal laches for not making an earlier application
for an extended time, for taking testimony. In-
i stead of making this application, when the com-
mittee first entered upon their duties, it seemed
he had waited till the middle of January, and then
made this application to the grace and favor of
the House. This application, after this lapse of
time, was not only unprecedented, but he (Mr.
V.) had found a precedent very much against
allowing such indulgence. He here referred to
the case of Taliaferro vs. Hungerford, reported
in a book of contested elections in Congress, page
248. There, the sitting member, before the ex-
amination of the evidence was gone into, asked
for time to take testimony. The Committee of
Elections reported a resolution to allow him fur-
ther time. The House refused to concur in this
resolution, by a vote of 46 to 65. A motion to
recommit the subject to the Committee of Elec-
tions was lost, and the House then passed a res-
olution, that the petitioner was entitled to a seat
in this House, by a vote of 67 to 29. The sitting
member here, it will be perceived, does not make
out as strong a case as did the sitting member in
the case reported. There, the sitting member,
before the examination of the case was gone into
by the committee, asked for time to take tes-
timony. Here, it seems, that he waited more
than six weeks before he made such application.
What might be the consequence if we granted
the indulgence here asked for? Why, a party
might first wait two or three months, and specu-
late first upon the chance of getting a favorable
report from the committee; and then, upon ascer-
taining that the report would be adverse to him,
he might come here, and ask for and receive fur-
ther time to take testimony, and thus protract the
final decision of the case till near the end of the
session. There was a time in all tribunals when
testimony was to be considered as closed; and if,
after the parties had had sixty-four days' notice
to take evidence, and after having been six weeks
before the first tribunal,(the committee) we should
grant an application to take supplemental testi-
mony, he would only say it would be an instance
of indulgence as extraordinary as it was unpre-
cedented. Mr. V. said, that the remarks he had
submitted were made with a feeling of entire
kindness and respect for the honorable sitting
member; and without knowing anything of the
merits of the case, or how he should vote on the
merits, he had felt constrained to say what he
had said in relation to this preliminary question.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Virginia, begged leave
to make a response to an inquiry put yesterday
by an honorable member from Maryland, [Mr.
Howard]—an inquiry that might be expected to
come from every member disposed to give this
matter a candid and impartial consideration. The
inquiry would be distinctly recollected, and it was
to this effect: what were the reasons which influ-
enced the committee—both the majority and mi-
nority, the latter in agreeing, and the former refus-
ing—to grantfurther time to take testimony ? Mr.
C. would not answer for others, but he could for
himself. He had voted for giving additional time
for reasons that were perfectly satisfactory to his
own mind; and he thought he should be able to
satisfy the House that additional time ought, un-
der existing circumstances, indispensably to be
given, to advance the great cause of truth and
justice.   It was true that the petitioner gave the
adverse party sixty-sixdays'notiee, whan,by the
laws of North Carolina, he might only have given
thirty, but then there was only an interval of
thirty  days  from October 29th  till the sitting
member was under a moral obligation to set out
to attend to his duties in Congress.  If the House
I would  examine the proceedings of the parties,
i they would find that the petitioner had monopo-
! lized to himself almost the whole of the time, and
¡ left to the sitting member only a few days to col;
lect his testimony. Mr. C. assimilated the present
case to a suit in chancery, where further time,
under the circumstances, was always given; an4
he earnestly appealed to the House to grant the
application of the sitting member.
Mr. BOYD regretted the difference of opinion
that existed on the part of the Committee of
Elections, especially on the subject of the pres-
ent application. Before he proceeded, he wished,
if wrong, to be set right, and he begged respect-
fully to make an inquiry of the honorable chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Claiborne.] In re-
lation to the notices given by the petitioner to the
sitting member for taking testimony, the gentle-
man from Virginia and himself agreed, together
with four other members of the committee, that
the notices were sufBcient. He believed this was
so, and he desired to know if he was correct or
not; for, if his memory failed him in this instance,
he would never undertake to recollect anything
again.
Mr. CLAIBORNE replied that he recollected
not only the decision of the committee, but also
the words in which he had expressed his own
opinion. He stated that the first notice was a suffi-
j cient intimation of the intention of the petitioner
, to dispute the election; and he also signified his
opinion that the other notices were a sufficient
indication of the intention of the petitioner to take
J depositions; and he said so still.
I Mr. BOYD had understood the gentleman as
complaining that there was no sort of specification
in the notices given to the sitting member. He
recollected very Well, that the gentleman said in
committee that it was necessary, in cases of con-
tested elections in the State of Virginia, that the
names of the voters should appear in the notices,
but that it had never been adhered to, there. They
all agreed, then, that the notices of the petitioner
to the sitting member had been sufficient, and it
was admitted that the facts Mr. B. had stated yes-
terday, in relation to taking the depositions, were
also correct. The notices were reciprocal, and
equally inconvenient to both parties; or, if there
wasabalance onany side, theliardship was great,
est on the petitioner. Mr. B. then read at length
memoranda of the various notices given on both
sides, to prove that the sitting member had no
ground of complaint to make on that head with
reference to the petitioner, but that the petitioner
had been subject to most inconvenience and hard-
ship. It would be found, however, that both par-
ties attended, either by themselves or deputy,
every meeting except one, and that exception
was the fault of the sitting member himself, who
had received ample notice. Mr. B. 's recollection
also was, that nothing was heard about either party
wanting further time till the testimony was all
submitted. Then, would ithave been reasonable,
when the case was closed, for the committee to
allow further time ? Could it be reasonable that
the House should allow further time ? He had
hoped no discussion would have arisen before the
testimony was in possession of the House. He
had hoped that an early day would have been
fixed for its consideration, and he had an assur-
ance that the documents would be laid on the
table in the course of a few days. He would only
remark, in conclusion, that, if the House should
grant further time in this case, he was perfectly
satisfied that it would never be decided; and he
would not give one single groat for the privilege
of contesting an election.
Mr. BEARDSLEY desired to know whether
the application for further time was to search out
and find evidence that might be supposed to have
a bearing in the case; or whether it was for time to
take testimony of which the sitting member was
already cognizant? If the latter, he would also
like to know what was the evidence the gentle-
