£12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
February 27,
man had a knowledge of, and why it had not been
heretofore taken?
Mr McKENNAN said that the statement just
made'by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Botd] had perfectly satisfied him of the propriety
of granting the time requested by the sitting mem-
ber to procure further testimony, so as to enable
the House to come to a correct and satisfactory
conclusion. From that statement it appeared that
the parties had been diligently engaged from the
commencement of the contest in taking testimony
to support their respective claims, and had con-
tinued their efforts down till the very meeting of
Congress. The sitting member, after thus using
due and extraordinary diligence, now comes be-
fore the House, and declares, upon his word of
honor, that with all his industry he has not been
able to obtain all the evidence which is necessary
to enable the House to act correctly and under-
standingly on the subject. He put it to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, (presuming that he was
a lawyer,) and to the House, to say whether,
even in a court of law, there would be any hesi-
tation in granting similar indulgence? On an
application before that tribunal to postpone the
trial of a cause, the first inquiry made is, whether
due and reasonable diligence has been used by
the applicant to prepare for trial; and if satisfac-
tory evidence is furnished upon that point, and
the court are satisfied that there is no affectation
of delay, he submitted that no court would refuse
the application for a continuance. In the case
before the House, there was no allegation that
the sitting member had not been most diligently
employed between the 29th of October, when the
petitioner commenced the taking of his testimony,
and the time when the discharge of his public
duties demanded his presence here. He now
comes forward and declares that he is not pre-
pared, and there is no ground for the pretense
that there is any disposition on his part unneces-
sarily and improperly to delay a decision upon
the case. He thought, upon principle, and from
analogy to proceedings in judicial tribunals, just-
ice to the parties and to the people of the district
from which they came, as well as an anxious
wish on the part of the House to come to a cor-
rect decision, ought to induce them at once to
give the time required for taking additional testi-
mony.
But in resisting this application, which to him
seemed so reasonable, the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Vanderpoel,] who had just ad-
dressed the House, had cited some precedents to
«how that similar applications had been refused
by former Congresses. The first case he referred
to was the contested election between Hungerford
end Taliaferro, of Virginia; and from the reading
of the case, it was very apparent that it bore no
analogy to the one now before the House, and of
course ought to have no bearing upon the ques-
tion. The election in Virginia took place in April;
notice that the seat would be contested was given
to the sitting member in May, and the depositions
were commenced in September. In the case now
before the House, the election was held in August;
notice of the intention to contest was not given
by the petitioner till some time in September or
October, and he did not commence the taking of
his testimony till the 29th of the latter month,
leaving only about one month for the inquiry after,
and examination of, all the witnesses on both
sides who were to be collected in that mountain-
ous and very extensive district. Ashe said before,
there was not the most distant analogy between
the two cases. But the gentleman from New
York, to bear him out in his position, had cited
the case of Moore and Letcher in the last Con-
gress. The gentleman from New York was a
member of the Committee of Elections, and one
of the majority who reported on that case. This
was a most unfortunate reference, and he (Mr.
McK.) concurred entirely with the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Bynum] in deprecating
fhe course pursued in that case, and in express-
ing a hope that neither this nor any future Con-
gress should feel a disposition to consider it a
Binding precedent. What were the facts in that
case? A majority of the committee, of whom the
gentleman from New York was one, reported,
after a very elaborate examination of the testi-
mony, a resolution that Thomas P Moore was
entitled to his seat, and the House came to a
conclusion that would have disgraced an illiterate
jury of the country. That conclusion was, that
it was impossible to say which of the two claim-
ants was elected, that no election had been made,
and that they should, therefore, go back to the
people. And what was still more extraordinary
was the fact, that the gentleman from New York,
after having, with the Committee of Elections,
declared that Mr. Moore was clearly entitled to
his seat, united with the majority of the House
in the conclusion that the testimony was too
voluminous and the case too intricate for de-
cision, and should, therefore, be sent back to the
people.
He hoped that such a case would not be set up
as a precedent for future action, and particularly
by the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER here intimating that he was
taking too wide a range,
Mr. McKENNAN said, he submitted to the
correction of the Chair, and would pursue that
case no further.
Before he sat down, however, he must be per-
mitted to say, that it was with no little surprise
and regret thathe heard the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Btnoi] yesterday declare his opin-
ion that the sitting member was not entitled to his
seat, although no opportunity has been afforded
for the examination of the case. For his part, he
knew nothing of the merits of the controversy,
and he wished to know nothing till the testimony
was laid before the members, and ho could have
an opportunity of fairly and fully examining that
testimony. He would then endeavor to make
such a decision on the questions presented as
would satisfy his own conscience.
He concluded by expressing a hope that the
proposition to make the report the special order
for Wednesday next would not prevail, and that
the House would grant the indulgence requested
by the sitting member to enable him to take fur-
ther testimony.
Mr. WHITTLESEY here called for the orders
of the day, the hour of one having arrived; but
gave way to Mr. Graham, who asked leave to
address the House; whereupon
Mr. BOYD moved that the rules of the' House
be suspended, in order to proceed with the con-
sideration of the subject; but the motion was not
sustained—aves 104, noes 67; not two thirds.
Mr. GRAHAM then, by leave of the House, ¡
replied to the interrogatories of the gentleman i
from New York, [Mr. Beardslet.] The gentle- |
man had inquired if the sitting member was able
to answer whether he knew the names of the
voters alleged to be illegal, or whether he had yet
to look for them ? To that inquiry he had to an-
swer that he was able to put his finger on some-
thing like ten, fifteen, or twenty illegal voters.
Mr. G. here read over the names of several per-
sons alleged to be illegal voters, and stated that
he wished to take the evidence of the sheriff of
Haywood county. He said the case of Hunger-
ford and Taliaferro was not a case in point. In
the State of Virginia, the elections came on in
April, and notice was given of the intention of
one of the parties to contest the election in May;
so that there was much more time in that case
than in the present for the collection of testimony.
In the State of Virginia, also, it was the practice
for the petitioner to exhibit the names of the illegal
voters, and the place ut which they voted; but it
had not been so in his case. Whenever he called
on the petitioner to give the names, he received
no answer, and was left in the dark; and in the
Virginia case alluded to, it was almost within
cannon shot of the Capitol, while his district was
five hundred miles from it; one portion of it on
the frontier of Georgia and South Carolina, and
another on the frontier of Tennessee. He sin-
cerely trusted that Congress would give him such
time as might be necessary in bringing the evi-
dence before them.
Mr. BOYD inquired at what time the informa-
tion reached the gentleman from North Carolina
of the additional testimony in the case ?
Mr. GRAHAM replied that it was about the
time that he was leaving home to come to take
his seat in Congress, and he had instructed his
agents to get the testimony as soon as it could be
procured.
Mr. BOYD inquired whether the testimony of
the sheriff mentioned by the gentleman had not
already been taken ?
Mr. GRAHAM said he was not aware that it
had been taken; if it had, he had never seen it.
Mr. BOYD said that it had been taken.
Mr. GRAHAM replied that he had never been
examined when he was present; but he had been
called from home for some time, and it might have
been taken during that time.
HARBOR OF PRESQUE ISLE.
The CHAIR laid before the House a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report of the chief engineer, in reference to tlx 
harbor of Presque Isle; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole yesterday, were ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time:
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small;
A bill for the relief of Reuben Colburn;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Champlin, and
others, owners,&c, of the schooner Buffalo; and
A bill for the relief of Henry Darling.
The House took up the bill for the relief of
the heirs of James Latham^ deceased, reported
with an amendment from the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, opposed the
amendment, and, in conclusion, submitted certain
provisoes which he intended offering, if the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole should
be negatived.
Mr. MAY, in order to give time for a further
examination of the subject, moved to postpone
the bill and amendment until Friday next; which
was agreed to.
The House then, on motion by Mr. Whittle-
set, resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
(Mr. Phillips in the chair) upon the bills unacted
on by the committee yesterday, and upon which
leave was granted to sit again.
After some time spent therein, the committee
rose, and reported the following bills without
amendment; and the same were ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time:
A bill granting pensions and arrearage of pen 
sions to persons therein named;
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Wormstead;
A bill for the relief of Abie) Roads and others;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Phillips and
others;
A bill for the relief of Joseph W. Green and
others;
A bill for the relief of George Gott and others;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin and Nancy-
Merrill;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gresham;
A bill for the relief of William Bowman;
A bill for the relief of citizens of the reserved
township, Monroe county, Indiana;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon St, Co.,
New York;
A bill for the relief of Amy Wilson; and
A bill for the relief of Doxtator & Weaver.
The House again went into committee (Mr.
Wardwell in the chair) on the following bills:
1.  A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas Haliday;
2.  A bill for the relief of William Woodward
and William Mitchell;
3.  A bill for the relief of the representatives ef
Josias Thompson;
4.  A bill for the relief of Gilbert A. Smith and
others;
5.  A bill for the relief of Clark Allen;
6.  A bill for the relief of Samuel W. Ruff;
7.  A bill for the relief of Thomas P. Eskridge
and Alvariz Fisk;
8.  A bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Dr. Absalom Baird;
9.  A bill for the relief of Daniel Smith;
10.  A bill for the relief of John Dement;
11.  A bill for the relief of Farish Carter, and
the heirs of Charles Williamson;
12.  A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel
Tyler;
13.  A bill for the relief of Thomas McClelland
and James Smith;
