1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GfcO«B.
219
14.  A bill for the relief of Dttid Browning-,
15.  A bill for the relief of Jonathan Boone;
IS. A bill for the relief of James Caulfield;
17.  A bill for the relief of James Wiltbank;
18.  A bill for the relyf of D. L. R. Orillion; and
19.  A bill for the relief of William Stannard
U)d others.
The committee rose and reported the 1st, 2d,
3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, and 12th
bills to the House—the 7th with an amendment;
and the same were (with the exception of the 7th)
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Upon the residue of the bills referred, the com-
mittee asked and obtained leave to sit again.
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monpat, Feortiary29, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated the following letter
from the Hon. John Tyler, a Senator from the
State of Virginia, which was read:
Washinoton, February 99,1836.
Si : I beg leave, through yon, to inform the Senate that
I have, on this day, resigned into the hands of the General
Assembly of Virginia, for reasons fully made known to it,
my seat in the Senate of the united States as a Senator
from that State.   This annunciation is now made, so as to ¡
enable the Senate, at its earliest pleasure, to fill such va- i
caneies on the several committees as may be created by my j
resignation.
In taking leave of the body over which you preside, 1
should be faithless to the feelings of my heart if I did not i
frankly confess that I do so with no ordinary emotions. I
look to the body itself as the representative of those fede-
rative features of our system, to preserve winch, unimpaired,
has been the unceasing object of my public life. I separate
from many with whom I have been associated for years,
and part with friends whose recollection I shall cherish to
flie close of my life. These are sacrifices which it gives
me pain to make. Be pleased to assure the Senate that I
carry with me into retirement sentiments of respect towards
its members, and tbat, in bidding them adieu, 1 extend to
each and all my best wishes for then health and happiness
and long life.
1 have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,
JOHN TYLER.
Hon. M. Vam Bobek.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS,             ¡
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of "War, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 15th instant, showing
the effective force of the Army, which wasordered
to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a chart of the topographical survey
and soundings of Bridgeport iiarbor, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 11th
instant.
Also, a reportfrora the Secretary of War, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 16th instant, together with the Journal of
Colonel Dodge of his expedition into the Indian
country.
The report was read; and five hundred addi-
tional copies were ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of B.
Adams and Co., and others, merchants of Boston,
praying the remission of certain duties; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of John C. Gerrish; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
William D. Cheevers; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. LINN presented the following petitions:
The petition of sundry citizens of Missouri,
fraying for the establishment of a post route from
'ontiac, by way of Shiawasse, Clinton county
site, the mouth of Looking Glass river, &c., to
the rapids of Grand river; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The petition of Peter Moore, praying for a pre-
emption right to a tract of land; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The petition of sundry citizens of Michigan,
praying for the construction of a light-house at
the mouth of Saginaw river, and for the removal
of obstructions to the navigation of Shiawasse
and Maple rivers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
. The petition of sundry citizens of Michigan,
praying for a road from Monroe, Monroe county,
Uirougn Smooth Rock, to Dearbonville, in Wayne
county; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
The petition of DoctorThomas B. Clark, pray-
ing for confirmation of title to a tract of land;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. BLACK presented the petition of Thomas
Mullens; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of the
widow of Isaac Angelí; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. KENT presented the petitionof Robert P.
Brown and others, merchants of Baltimore, pray-
ing that brown linens may be placed on the same
footing, as respects duty, as bleached linens;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. TOML1NSON presented the petition of
sundry ship-owners and masters of vessels nav-
igating Long Island Sound, praying that an
appropriation may be made for the improvement ]
of the harbors of Black Rock; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of Eliz-
abeth Cleveland; which was referred to the Com-
¡ mittee on Military Affairs.
I     Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials
¡ from sundry citizens of New Jersey, praying for
an appropriation for building a light-house on
the sea-coast of New Jersey; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. LEIGH presented resolutions from the
Legislature of the State of Virginia, in relation
to the abolition of slavery, in substance as fol-
lows:
1.    That she claims prompt atid efficient legis-
lation by her co-States to restrain and punish
those citizens engaged in printing, publishing,
and circulating, through the mail or otherwise,
seditious and ineendiary publications.
2.    That non-slaveholding States of the Union
I be requested to adopt penal enactments, to sup-
press all associations within their limits purport-
, mg to have the character of abolition societies,
and to make it highly penal to print, publish, or
I distribute newspapers and pamphlets to further
their views.
3.  That they have seen, with satisfaction, the
expressions of opinions of their northern brethren,
condemning the conduct and motives of the Abo-
litionists among them.
4.  That Congress has no constitutional power
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia,
or Territories of the United States.
5.   That they would regard an act of Congress
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia as bringingthe Union into imminent peril.
6.  That it would be highly expedient for slave-
holding States to enact laws to suppress and pre-
vent the circulation of incendiary publications.
7.  Requiring the Executive of Virginia to trans-
mit copies of the above to their Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress from that State, and to the
Executives of each of the other States, to lay them
before their Legislatures.
THE QUAKER MEMORIAL.
The memorial of the Society of Friends of Lan-
caster county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia, was
taken up as the order of theday, the question being
on the reception of the petition.
On this question a debate ensued, in which
Messrs. WALL, BLACK,, KING of Georgia,
and PORTER, took part; but without corning to
a decision,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 29, 1836.
The unfinished business of the last petition day,
being an appeal taken by Mr. Lawler from the
decision of the Chair in reference to instructions
moved by the former to the select committee on the
subject of the abolition of slavery, was taken up.
The CHAIR stated the question. Under the
decision of the House, the Chair was of opinion
that, upon the presentation of an abolition petition,
it was, under the resolution of Mr. Pinckney,
virtually committed, without further question.
The Chair felt bound to conform to tha.qrder of
the House, and therefore decided tbat the. instruc-
tions moved were not in order. From that de-
cision an appeal had been taken; and the question
was, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the House?"
Mr. LAWLER modified the form of his in-
structions, requiring the select committee to report
" that there was no power granted by the Consti-
tution to Congress to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
The CHAIR decided that, under the order of
the House, the modified instructions were also
out of order.
From this decision Mr. Lawler appealed.
The decision of the Chair was opposed by
Messrs. LAWLER and W. B. SHEPARD, and
advocated by Messrs. MERCER, VINTON,
BRIGGS, and PATTON; when Mr. Lawlír
withdrew his appeal.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for petitions
and memorials, commencing with Massachusetts.
Petitions and memorials were accordingly pre-
sented by Messrs. ADAMS, LINCOLN, GRIN-
NELL, LAWRENCE, BORDEN, and JACK-
SON, of Massachusetts.
The hour of one having arrived, on motion by
Mr. CAMBRELENG, the special orders were
postponed for the purpose of calling the remain-
der of the States for petitions.
Petitions and memorials were further presented
by Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
Messrs. TOUCEY, PHELPS, INGHAM and,
JUDSON, of Connecticut;
[Mr. JüDsoM presented the following petitions:
Daniel Dewey, referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims; White and Pomeroy, referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; Pamelia Chase and others, referred to the
Select Committee on the Abolition of Slavery;
Arba Covil and others, referred to the Select
Committee on the Abolition of Slavery.
Mr. J. offered a resolution to establish a mail
route from Southbridge to Cepachet; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. Ingham presented a memorial praying for
an appropriation for the purpose of erecting spin-
dles, and placing buoys on certain rocks, in the
harbors of Greenwich, in the State of Connecti-
cut, and Sawpits, in the State of New York.]
Mr. JANES of Vermont;
Messrs. WARDWELL, P. C. FULLER,
CHAPÍN, CRAMER, LAY, MOORE, GRAN-
GER, G. LEE, HUNT, LOVE, LANSING,
MANN, PAGE, McKEON, CAMBRELENG,
RUSSELL, TERRILL, DOUBLEDA f, TAY-
LOR, LEONARD, VANDERPOEL, HARD,
HAZELTINE, WARD, SICKLES, GILLET,
HUNTINGTON, REYNOLDS, and FARLIN,
of New York;
[Mr. Turrill presented the petition of a large
number of inhabitants in the city and county of
Schenectady, New York, praying for an appro-
priation to construct a ship canal around the falls
of Niagara; the petition of the heirs of Captain
Nathaniel Adams, for services during the revolu-
tionary war; the petition of the inhabitants of the
village of Oswego, being shipowners aad for-
warding merchants, asking for an appropriation
to construct a harbor at the mouth of Eighteen-
mile creek, on Lake Ontario; the petition of tha
masters of vessels on Lake Ontario, for a harbor
at the mouth of Eighteen-mile creek; the peti-
tion of inhabitants of the Wisconsin Territory,
relative to preemption rights; also the petition
of inhabitants of Lockport, being merchants and
traders of that place, asking for an appropriation
to construct a harbor at Eighteen-mile creek; also
several petitions for a harbor at the mouth of Sal-
mon river, on Lake Ontario; also of Job Robinson-,
asking compensation for property destroyed by
the British during the last war.
Mr. Chapín presented a petition of certain cit-
izens of Wayne county, New York, asking an
appropriation for the removal of the bar, and the
construction of piers, at the entrance of Port Bay,
on Lake Ontario; also, a petition for the improve-
ment of the navigation of Little Sodus bay, on
