üñ4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Lake Ontario; also, a petition of the wife and
children of David Beard, of Buffalo, New Tfork,
praying that the bill granting relief to David
Beird be so framed as to secure the benefits of
such relief to his ftmilj ; also, documentary evi-
dence relating to the claim of the heirs of Silas
Drew, deceased; and, also, two petitions asking
an appropriation to improve the harbor at the
mouth of Oak Orchard creek.
Mr. P*ge presented a petition asking an ap-
propriation to improve the channel of the Maumee
river at its mouth.]
Mr. GRANGER presented a petition for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
and vv as proceeding to comment upon the char-
acter of the petitioners, when
The SPEAKER said it was not strictly in
order, if it was an abolition petition, to discuss
the character of the petitioners.
Mr. GRANGER further proceeded.
Mr. CHAPÍN called him to order.
Mr. WISE inquired whether it was not in
order for a member to speak of the character of
the petitioners on presenting a memorial'
The SPEAKER said it was not strictly in or-
der, as all abolition petitions were to be referred
without debate, under the resolution adopted by
the House, and the standing rule admitted only
of abricf statement of thecontents of the petition
on the presentation thereof.
The petition was then received and referred,
under the resolution.
Messrs. PARKER and DICKERSON, of New
Jersey.
Messrs. GALBRAITH, HEISTER, POTTS,
McKENNAN, HARPER, BANKS, MORRIS,
CHAMBERS, BEAUMONT, INGERSOLL,
HARRISON, MILLER, CLARK, SUTHER-
LAND, FRY. KLINGENSMITH, and HUB-
LEY, of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. Beutmott presented the petition of the
heirs of Benjamin Harvey, deceased; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. Clvrk presented the memorial of a public
meeting of sundry citizens of Dauphin county,
Pennsylvania, held at Harnsburg, praying Con-
gress to make an appropiiaüon foi the purpose
of removing to the coast of Africa fre negroes
and manumitted slaves, and that if, in the opinion
of Congress, the Constitution should not author-
ize the appropriation,such measures may be taken
to procure an amendment of that instrument as
may be calculated to insure the objects of the me-
morialists.
Mr. Clark moved that the memorial be referred
to a select committee, and printed.
Mr. Patton moved to lay the memorial on
the table, together with the motion to print and
commit.
Mr. Clark called for the reading of the me-
morial, which was done.
A debate being likely to arise upon the memo-
rial, it was, under the rule, laid over to Monday
next.]
Mr. MILLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messrs. PIERCE, JENIFER, HOWARD,
and McKIM, of Maryland; and
Messrs. MORGAN andPATTON.ofVirginia.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. PATTON submitted certain resolutions
of the Legislature of Virginia on the subject of
abolition, which he moved be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, with the
following instructions:
That the resolutions be referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, with instructions to report forth-
with the resolutions:
1. Resolved, That Congress has no constitutional power
to abolish slavery in the Distnct of Columbia, or 111 the
Territories of the United States
2 Resolved, That any act of Congress, having for its
object the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
or the Territories of the United States, ought to be regarded
as affording great cause of alarm to the slaveholding States,
and bringing the Union into imminent peni.
The CHAIR decided that the instructions were
not in order, and that the resolutions of the Vir-
ginia Legislature, under the order of the House,
must go to the select committee raised upon the
resolution of Mr. Pinckney.
Mr. PATTON appealed from the decision of
the Chair, on the ground that the instructions
submitted by him were not identical, and went
further in their principle, as applying to the Ter-
ritories of the United States, than the resolution
of Mr. Pincknfy, which was limited in its oper-
ation to the subject of the abolition of slavery in
the Distrct of Columbia and the States. Mr. P.
also contended that the decision of the House in
reference to Mr. Pivckney's resolution did not
apply to the instructions moved by himself, for
the same reason that the object was not the same.
Mr. WISE also opposed the decision of the
Chair in this instance, admitting it to be correct
under the order of the House and the decision
of the House on Tuesday last, on which the
Chair's decision was founded; and appealed to
the House to reverse that vote, by which the
Chair considered itself imperatively governed.
Mr. W. was several times called to order by the
Chair for remarks not pertinent to the question
of order then before the House; upon the last of
which occasions,
Mr. WISE said that the Chair, in calling him
to order, merely expressed his opinion. Enter-
taining a different opinion, he (Mr. W.) should
continue the course of his remarks, unless the
Chair should appeal to the House to decide be-
tween them.
The CHAIR said the gentleman must resume
his seat, and it was for the House to decide
whether he should proceed, as intimated.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, moved that leave be
granted to Mr. W. to proceed.
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, asked for the
yeas and jiays; which were ordered.
Mr. WISE.appealed from the decision of the
Chair, that he (Mr. W.) was out of order.
The SPEAKER said that the latter appeal must
be decided without debate.
Mr. WISE rose, and was about addressing the
Chair, but was called to order by various mem-
bers. He continued in his position until he had
announced his determination to withdraw his ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIR. The decision of the Chair is
then acquiesced in by the member from Viiginid,
and the question to be determined is the motion
to permit the gentleman to proceed.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chilton Allan, Bell, Borden, Bouldm,
Bunch, John Callioon, Campbell, Carter, John Chambers,
Craig, dishing, Darlington, JXberry, Dickson, Dromgoole,
Evins, Everett, Forester, French, James Girlund, Rice Gar-
land, Glascock, Grave=, Grennell, Griffin, Hannegan, Hard,
Hardin, Harlan, Albert G. Harrison, Hazcltine, Holscy,
Howell, Ingersoll, Jenifer, Henri Johnson, Lawler, Luke
Lea, Love, Lojall, Lvon, Martin, John Y. Mason, Mc-
Cirty, McComas, McKav, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan,
Morgan, Morns, Patton, James A. Pearce, Pettigrew, Pey-
ton, Pickens, Pinckney, Heed, Roane, Robertson, Rogers,
William B Shepard, Shields, Sloane, Spangler, Standefer,
Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Underwood.Vinton,
White. Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—78.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Ash, Ashley, Bailey, Banks,
Barton, Bean, Beard^ley, Beaumont, Bond, Boon, Boyd,
Bngg , Brown, Bynum. Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, George
Chamber", Chaney,Chapín, Connor, Cramer, Crane, Cush-
man, Davis, Dickérson,Fairfield, Farhn, Fry, PhiloC.Ful-
ler,Galbraitlv. Gillet, Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hall, Homer,
Samuel S. Harrison, Hawkins, Henderson, Hoar, Howard,
Hublev, Huntington, Ingham, Jabcz Jackson, Janes, Jams,
Richard M.Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Jud-
son, Kennon, Khngensmrth, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence,
I Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lincoln,
Logan, Lucas, Abijih Mann, Job Mann, William Mason,
Moses Mason, Sampson Mason, May, McKeon, McKim,
i McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks,
, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Phelps, Potts, John Reynolds,
Schenck, Shinn, Sickles, Smith, Sutherland, Taj lor, John
Thomson, Toucey, Turril], Vanderpoel, Ward, Wardwell,
Webbter, Weeks, and Whittlesey—100.
So the House determined that Mr.Wise should
not be permitted to proceed.
Mr. HOLSEY addressed the House in opposi-
tion to the decision of the Chair; but, before he
concluded, he gave way to
Mr. FRENCH, who, in order to give an oppor-
tunity of calling the remainder of the Sutes for
petitions, moved to postpone the point of order
and the questions connected with it until Monday
next.
Mr. PATTON proposed to-morrow; and, also,
that it be made the special order of that day.
Mr. FRENCH had no objection to the latter
motion.                                                                         I
Messrs. CAMBRELENG and LANE simulta-'
neously moved to postpone the subject to Monday '
next.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to
postpone until the 1st of July.
Mr. PATTON called for the yeas and nays on
the latter motion; which were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS then Withdrew his motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone until Monday next;
which were ordered.
Mr. PINCKNEY inquired, what would be the
effect of the previous question '
The CHAIR said the question would be on
the appeal from the decision of the Speaiker.
Mr. PINCKNEY then moved the previous
question; which was seconded—ayes 93, noe 
65.
Mr. EVANS moved an adjournment.   Lost.
Mr. PATTON asked for the yeas and nays on
the previous question; wliich were ordered, and
were as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Hcmnn Allen, Ash, Ashley,
Banks, Barton, Bean, Beardslej, Beaumont, Boon,Borden,
Bovd, Brown, Bvnuni, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chaney,
Chapín, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Crane, Cu«hman,
Darlington, Davis, Denny, Dickcrson, Doubleday, Dunlap,
Fairfield, Farlin, Trj, Piulo C Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet,
Grantland, Halej, Hamer, Hannegnn, Hard, Harper, Albeit
G. Ham-on, Samuel S. Harrison, Hawkins, Havnes, Hen-
derson, Heistcr, Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman,
Ingham, Jaber Jackson, Jarvi-, Joseph Johnson, Richard
M. Johnson, Uave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Ken-
non, Kilgore, Kinmrd, Khng™«mith, Lane, Lansing,
Gideon Lee, Joshua Le , Leonard, Logan, Love, Lucas,
Abyah Mann, Job Mann, William Mason, Moses Mason,
Sampson Mason, Maj, McKeon, McKim, McLene, Miller,
Montgomery, Moore, Owens, Page, Parker, Patter-on,
Dutee J. Pearce, Phelps, Pinckney, John Reynolds,
Schenck, Shinn, Sloane, Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas,
John Thomson, Toucey, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Ward, Ward-
well, Webster, Weeks and Sherrod Williams—110
NAYS —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Bailej, Bond, Bouldin,
Bnggs,Bunch, John Calhoon, William B. Calhoun, Camp-
bell, Carter, John Chambers, Chapman, Claiborne, Corwin,
Cuslnng, Debcrry, Dickson, Dromgoole, Evans, Everett,
Forester, French, James Girland, Rice Garland, Glascock,
Granger, Graves, Grennell, Griffin, Hil-tnd Hal], Hardin,
Hazeltine, Hoar, Holsey, Howell, Ingersoll, Janes, Jenifer,
Henrv Johnson, Lawler, Lawrence, Luke Lea, Lincoln,
Lovall, Lyon, Martin, John Y. Mason, Maury, McCarty,
McComas, McKay, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Morgan,
Moms, Patton, James A. Pearce, Pettigrew, Peyton,
Pickens, Pott«, Reed, Roane, Robertson, Russell, William
B. Shepard, Shields, Spangler. Standefer, Storer, Talia-
ferro, Waddy Thompson, Towns, Underwood, Vinton,
Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Wise—76.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion be now put.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Hausc?" waa then
propounded.
Mr. PATTON called for the yeas and nayaj
which were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, mored
an adjournment; which was negatived.
The question was then taken on the appcftl
from the decision of the Chair, by yeas and nays,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Ash, Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Barton, Beale, Bean, Beard*.
ley, Beaumont, Bond, Boon, Boyd, Bnggs, Brown, Bynum,
William B. Calhoun, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chaney,
Chapín, Clark, Cleveland, Coles, Corwin, Craig, Cramer,
Crane, Cuslnng, Cushman, Darhngton, Davis, Deberry,
Denny, Dickenson, Doubleday, Dunlap, Effhef, Evans,
Everett, Fairfield, Farhn, Fry, Fhilo C. Fuller, Galbraith,
Gillet, Granger, Grantland, Grennell, Haley, Hiland Hall,
Hamer, Hannegan, Harhn, Harper, Samuel S, Harrison,
Albert G. Harrison, Hawkms, Haynes, Hazelüne, Hender
son, Hiester, Hoar, Howard, Howell, Hubley, Huntingtor.,
Huntsman, Ingersoll, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Janes, Jar
vis, Jenifer. Cave Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Km
nard, Khngensmith, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Gideon
Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan, Love,Lucas, Abijah Man ,
Job Mann, William Mason, Moses Mason, Sftmnaan Mason,
May, McCarty, McKay, McKennon, McKeon, McKim,
McLene, Mercer, Miller, Milligan, Montgomery, Moore,
Morgan, Moms, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson,
Dutee J. Pearce, Phelps, Pinckney, Potts, Ueed, John
Reynolds, Roane, Rogers, Russell,Schenck, Shinn, Sloane,
Storer, Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Tou-
cey, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Vinton, Ward, Wardwell, Web-
ster, Weeks, White, Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—
143
NAYS—Messrs Bouldin, Bunch, John Calhoon, Cam -
bell, Carter, John Chambers, Chapman, Nathaniel S[.
Claiborne, Conner, Dickson, Dromgoole, French, James
Garland, Rice Garland, Glascock, Graves, Gnffln, Hardin,
Holsey, Henry Johnson, Lawler, Luke Lea, Loyail, Lyon,
John Y. Mason, Maury, McComas, Patton, James A.
Pearce, Pettigrew, Peyton, Piekins, Robertson, William B.
Shepard, Shields, Spangler, Standefer, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, and Wise—40.
So the House sustained the decision of the Chair,
and consequently determined that the motion of
Mr. Patton to refer the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Virginia, on the subject of abolition,
