jm__:
xm <mmwmmh mxxm.                        wi
petition from the citiien* of FwUoa. caunty, for
the estabhshment of a mail rout* fn m IVorfa, to
intersect the route from Springfield, through
Le-Kisiown and Knoxv.llc, to Monmouth, also,
a petition from the citizens of Hancock county,
for the est-ibhshment of a mail route from Car-
thage, via Bear creek, to Warsaw, and to the
Des Moines post office, in Missouri, also, a peti-
tion fiom the citizens of Knox and Henry coun-
ties, for the establishment of a mail route from
Knowrlle, via Henderson's Grove, Henryville,
Prophetstown, to Galena, also, a petition from
the citizens of Peoria, for the establishment of a
mail route from Peoria to duincy, also, a peti-
tion from the citizens of Peoria, Tazewell, and
Putnam counties, praying for the establishment
of a post route fiom Peoria to Hennepin, also, a
petition from a number of citizens of Green
county, for the establishment of a mail route
from Alton to the Pías uv, Ddaware, Greenfield,
and Brown's Point, to Jacksonville, also, a peti-
tion from the citizens of Cook county, for the
establishment of a post route from Chicago, north-
westwardly to Fox river, at or near George Mc-
Cluie's, also, a petition of a number of citizens of
Cook and Lasilee counties, for the establishment
of a post route from Ottawa, up the Fox river, to
a point intersecting the State road from Chicago
to Galeni, also, a petition for the establishment
of a mail route from Chicago to Galena; also, a
petition of the trustees of the town of Chicago,
and other inhabitants of "¡aid town, and of the
county of Cook, praying that the tract of Kind
upon which Fort Dearborn is situated, adjacent
to said town, may be given to the trustees of
Chicago, and their successors in office, to be dis-
posed of for the use and benefit of the corpora-
tion, also, the petition of the trustees of the
Franklin Manual Labor College, praying for a
donation of land for the use of said college;
also, a joint resolution of the Legiblature of the
State of Illinois, asking for an appropriation to
remove the obstructions to the navigation of the
Illinois river ]
Messrs. LYON, CHAPMAN, LAWLER,
and MARTIN, of Alabama.
Messrs HARRISON and ASHLEY, of Mis-
souri
[Mr Harrison presented the petition of John
Wilson, pinying compensation for services ren-
dered during the call of the Missouri militia in
1832, the petition of the heirs of William Young,
praying compensation for services rendered by
their father in taking the census of certain Indian
tribes, the memorial of the citizens of St Louis,
praying that the Cumbeiland road may pass
through St. Louis Mr H. moved that the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court, made on some pri-
vate land claims fiom the State of Missouri, be
Ennted, and referred to the Committee on Public
ands ]
Mr. JONES, of Michigan Territory.
[Mr Jone  presented the following petitions,
memorials, and resolutions:
1. Petition of the inhabitants of the county of
Milwaukie, Michigan Territory, praying for the
establishment of a land office m that county, for
the sale of the public lands
2    Petition of the inhabitants of Des Moine
county, Michigan Territory, praying for the es-
tablishment of certain post routes.
3    Petition of Jesse Morrison, praying of Con-
gress remuneration for a horse lost by him in the
Indian -war of 1822, on the frontiers of Illinois
and Michigan.
4    Petition praying the establishment of a post
route from Marshall, via Lyon lake, Wirt, Qer-
ard, to Cold Water, Michigan Territory.
5    Petition of Silly Hale, praying relief for
loss in the war of 18U, on the frontiers of Illinois
and Michigan Territory
6    Petitions of the citizens of Du Buque, pray-
ing ihe passage of a law to perfect their titles to
their lots in that town
7    Petifon of Oiptam Joseph Dickson, pray-
ing relief as a pensioner
8    Petition of George C. Willard, praying the
passage of a law to authorize him to enter as a
preemption the southeast quarter, section 16, 2
north, range 1 cast, of the 4th meridian
9    Petitions of citizens of Du Buque county,
Michigan Territory, praying the establishment of
certain mail routes
10 Petitions of inhabitants of Fort Madison,
Des Moine county, Michigan Territory, prayuig
the establishment of mail routes
11.   Memorials of the Legislative Council of
Michigan Territory, praying the pasaage of law s
for the establishment of the territorial govern-
ment west of Lake Michigan, for the survey and
sale of mineral and other lands in Michigan Ter-
ritory; the establishment of land offices in said
Territory, the extension of the preemption law to
occupants of all the public lands on the 1st Janu-
ary, 1836, the construction of light-houses, &c,
on Lake Michigan, the improvement of the navi-
gation of rivers, the making of roads, and for other
purposes, and the extinguishment of the title of
Indian lands in Des Moine county
12.    Resolutions of the Legislative Council
asking and making appropriation for pay of its
members, officers, printers, &c
13    Petition asking a donation of one section
of land, to be made to Jimes Clyman.
14    Petition of the inhabitants of Des Mome
county, praying the establishment of a surveyo 
Emeral's office in Michigan Territory, west of
ake Michigan.
1. A resolution to inquiie into the expediency
of establishing numerous post loutes m the Ter-
ritory of Michigan, west of Lake Michigan
2 A resolution to inquire into the expediency
of constructing military roads between several
places in Michigan Territory, west of the Lake.
3. A resolution to inquire into the expediency
of granting to the citizens of Fort Madison, Bur-
lington, Belleview, Dubuque, and Peru, in Mich-
igan Territory, west of the Mississippi river,
titles to their town lots in those towns.]                   ,
Mr SEVIER, of Arkansas.                                    I
[Mr. S presented the constitution adopted by
a convention of the citizens of Arkansas, &c ]
Mr-WHITE, of Florida.                                         ,
I     Messrs. EVANS and JARVIS, of Maine.
Mr  BEAN, of New Hampshire                             ,
[Mr Bean presented two petitions on the sub-
ject of the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia; which were referred to the committee |
appointed on that subject
I     Mr. Leonard, of New York, yesterday pre-
sented a petition from sundry inhabitants of the
county of Tioga, in the State of New York, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from the
| village of Smithsboro' to the village of Spencer,
I in the county and State aforesaid.
Mr. Leonard also presented the petition of
sundry inhabitants of the county of Cortlandt, in
the State of New York, praying for the abolition
of slavery and the slave trade in the District of
Columbia.]
|                 EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
I     The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in pursuance
of a resolution of May, 1830, on the subject of i
navigation by steamboats and steam vessels.        |
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. MORGAN, it was                  I
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be inxtructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
i lisbing a pension agency in the city of Wheeling, Virginia, I
for the payment of all pensioners resident m the counties
of Brooke, Ohio, Marshall, 1 vler, Wood, Lewis, Harrison, '
Randolph, Preston, and Monongalia, in Virginia, and-----
counties in Ohio                                                                    I
i     On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was      j
I     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Bowling Green to ticottsvulfi,
by way of the Alluui Spring
On motion by Mr DTJNLAP, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from the ton n of Van Buren, in
| the county of Hirdeman, and St-itc of Tcnne- ee, to
Moore's X Roads, in «aid county
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Stanford, in Lincoln county,
Kentucky, via Colonel Jesse Coney's, thence, via Liberty,
in Casey county, to Jamestown in Russell county, Ken-
tucky
|     On mono  by Mr. HAVNES, it «a 
Retokii, That iie eennttftteVwi Revotatkmary Pensiona
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of replacing
I Benjamin Thompson, of Georgia, on (he pennon roil) at an
increase of pension
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the declaration of Simeon Clutter, made
for the purpose of obtaining a pension under the act of June
7, 183i, be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pen ions, with instructions to inquire into the propnety of
placing his name on the pension list, and giving hun the
benefit of the provisions of the aforesaid act
On motion by Mr. OWENS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for the pajment of commutation pav to the heirs and
legal representatives of James Bullock, deceased, late of
Georgia, an officer m the army of the Revolution
On motion by Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia,
it was
Resolied, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing s> mail route from the main stage route between
Richmond and Charlottesville, in the countvof Goochland,
by Columbia in Fluvanna, Scottsville, in Albemarle, War-
minster, and Tve River Warehouse, in the county of Nel-
son, to Lynchburg
On motion by Mr. HAMER, it was
Resolied, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing an
arsenal of depot and repair for the public arms at some
suitable point in the State of Ohio
On motion by Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the erection of a light house on Lake Ponchartram, at
the mouth of the Bayou St John, in the State of Louisiana
I     On motion by Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
I it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of adopting some
measure for testing the utility of a discovery made by Col
onel Charles Morgan, of the parish of Point Coupee, Lou
ísiann, for preventing dry rot in timber, for which he has
obtained a patent
On motion by Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the account of Colonel Washington Sea
well against the United States, and the documents in sup
port tliereof herewith presented, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, with instruction* to inquire into the
expediency of paving the same.
On motion by Mr. LYON, it was
Resolved, That so much of report No 2 of the register
and receiver of the land office at St Stephens, Alabama,
acting as coromiasioners under the thud section of the act
of the 7th March, 1829, and dated 3d May, 1832, and also so
much of the report of the same commissioni rs under date
of the 3d July, 1834, as relates to the claims of the heirs of
Aliguel Eslava, deceased, together with the several docu-
ments relating thereto, which were heretofore transmitted
to Congress from the Treasury Department, be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands
On motion by Mr McLENE.it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Ro-wls be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
i establishing a mail route from the town of Delaware, by
i Radnor, in Delaware county, and Big Island, in Marion
county, to Upper Sandusky, in Crawford county, also, a
I mail route from Delaware, through Miysville and Millford,
j in Union county, to Arhana, in Champaign county; also,
a post route from Sunbury, in Delaware county, W ood-
I bury, saine county, Mount Gilead, in Marion count), Lees-
I ville, in Richland county, thence to New Haven, in Huron
county, and also, a mail route from Reynoldsburg, on
| the National road, in Franklin county, passing Headley's
mill and Plain Four Corners, in Franklin county, Harlaem
¡ and Genoa, in Delaware county, to Galena post office, in
said county of Delaware, also, a.post route from Dublin,
in Trankhn county, up west side Scioto to Bellepoint, in
j Delaware county, and continued to Middletown, in said
Delaware county, thence to Big Island, in Marion county.
On motion by Mr. MARTIN  it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
I Legislature of the State of Alabama to reduce the minimum
I price of the unsold part of the four hundred thousand acres
of land granted to the said State for the improvement of the
Tennessee river, and for other purposes
j     On motion by Mr KINNARD, it was
I Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the examination and survey of a route fbr a railroad from
. Michigan City, on Lake Michigan, m the,State of Indiana,
' to the city of Charleston, South Carolina.
j     On motion by Mr. WHITE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing pat-
ents to be issued to the Polish exiles for land granted to them
under the law of the 30th of June, 1834, on their paying to
the Government the mínimum price of said lands, or of
