320
THE OONGRESSIONAL OfcOjfE.
March 8,
had put words in his mouth which he had never
said.   "When some gentlemen have not subject- |
matterto make a display of parliamentary talents, ,
they fancy some monstrous object to show them- ,
selves off'to advantage.    Mr. B. said he had not
made such a statement, and the attributing it to
him was gratuitous.                       ,...,,.
Mr. McKENNAN said he would be the last
man who would attempt to misrepresent any gen-
tleman. But as to what he had stated, he sub-
mitted it to the House to say whether there was
any material difference between what he had said
and the language admitted by the gentleman him-
self. He had said that he had not means of
examining into the case; and as other gentlemen
had not had an opportunity to do«o, he only said
that gentlemen ought not to prejudge it. As im-
partial jurors, they would be called upon todecide
the case; and they should do so without any pre-
disposition of it.
Mr. BYNUM rose to reply, but his remarks
were arrested by the expiration of the hour.
The CHAIR' announced the special orders,
being the appropriation bills.
Mr. HARDIN moved to suspend the rules, in
order to proceed with the preliminary discussion
on the contested election.
Mr. CAMBRELENG was compelled to ask
for the yeas and nays on the motion to suspend
the rules. The public interest was suffering in
consequence of the delay in the passage of the
appropriation bDls, and he could no longer remain
quiescent.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and were—
yeas 66, nays 132.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, rela-
tive to abolishing discriminating duties on the
cargoes of Portuguese vessels; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, presuming it to be
the desire of the House to terminate the discus-
sion on the New York relief bill that day, he,
with that view, moved to suspend the rules of the
House for that purpose; which motion was agreed
to without a count.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked leave to make a report from that
committee, on the subject of the application of
the Territory of Michigan for admission into the
Union, and on the message of the President of the
United States, in relation to the disputed bound-
ary line between Ohio and Michigan.   Mr. T.
explained that he made the request of the House
merely that the report and documents should be ¡
put in the hands of the public printer, as they I
would take several days to print; and not to dis-
cuss or even read the report at that time-
Mr. BRIGGS objecting,
Mr. THOMAS moved to suspend the rules;
which was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS then presented the foregoing
report, accompanied by a bill to establish the
northern boundary line of the State of Ohio, and
to provide for the admission of the State of Mich-
igan into the Union on certain condition ; which
bill was twice read, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. T. then gave notice that on to-morrow he
should ask leave to-move,-that the,-bill be made
the special order of the day for the 15th of the
present month.
SUFFERERS BY NEW Y8RK FIRE.
The House then took up the bill for the relief
of the sufferers  by the fire in  the city of New
York; which was on its final passage.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode tsland, concluded his"
remarks, and addressed the House at length in
opposition to the provisions of the bill.
Mr. LANE, after a few remarks iiv re,ply to the
last gentleman, demanded the previous question,
Mr. EVERETT hoped the gentleman would not
press that motion after making a speech himself.
Mr. VANDERPOEL mo ved a call of the House;
which was ordered; and, after proceeding sonic
time, was, on motion by Mr. Howell, suspended.
The previous question was then seconded by
the House, taken by telle —raves 81, noes 78.
! Mr. EVERETT asked for the yeas and nays
on the question, " Shall the main question be now
put?" which were ordered, and the result was—
yeas 95, nays HO; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Anthony, Ash,
Bailey, Barton, Bean, Beardsley, Beanmont, Bockee,
Boon", Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey,
Cbapin, Child?, Cleveland, Coffee, Connor, Craig, Cramer,
Cushman, Darlington, Diekerson, Doubleday, Dunlap, Eff-
ner, Fairfield, Farlin, Plnlo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller,
Jamei Garland, Glascock, Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hannegan, Hard, Albert G. Harrison, Haynes, Howard,
Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, William Jackson,
Jabez Jackson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry
Johnson, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Lane, Lansing, Lay,
Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lore,
Lucas, Abijan Maun, John Y. Mason, William Mason,
Moses Mason, May, McKeon, McKim, McLene, Moore,
Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Patterson, Phelps, John
Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Schenck, Seymour, Shinn,
Sickles, Smith, Sutherland, Taylor, John Thomson, Tur-
rill, Vanderpoel, Ward, Wardwell, and Webster—95.
NAYS —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Ashley, Banks, Bell,
Bond, Borden, Bouldin, Briggs, Buchanan, Bunch, John
Calhoon, William B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, George
Chambers, John Chambers, Chaney, Chapman, Nathaniel
H. Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane,Cushing, Davis, Denny,
1 Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Forester, French, Fry, Gal-
braith, Rice Garland, Graham, Granger, Graves, Grayson,
Grennell, Griffin, Hamer, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Samuel
S.  Harrison,  Hawkins, Hazelline, Henderson,   Heister,
Hopkinr, Howell, Ingersoll, Janes, Jarvis, Jenifer, Joseph
Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Klingensmith,
Lawler, Lawrence, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Logan, Loyall,
Lyon, Job Mann, Martin, Sampson Mason, Maury, Mc-
' Carry, McComas, McKay, McKennan, Mercer, Miller, Mil-
1 ligan, Montgomery, Morgan, Morris, Parks, Patten, Dutee J.
Pearce, James A. Pearce, Peyton, Phillips, Pickens, Potts,
I Reed, Reneher, Roane, Robertson, Russell, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Shields, Sloane, Spangler, Standefer, Steele,
I Storer, Taliaferro, Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Turner,
! Underwood, Vinton, Weeks, White, Whittlesey, and Sher-
rod Williams—110.
|„ So the House determined that the main ques-
tion shall not be now put, and the effect of the
vote was to put the subject from before the House
this day.
I               NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Oamotion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then resolved itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Miller
' in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1836.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
i Bell, to reduce the item for the improvement and
necessary repairs of the navy-yard at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, one half, viz: from $67,000 to
$33,500.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, said he
could not support the bill as reported, because
the estimates had not been furnished by the proper
Department, nor examined by the proper organ
of that Honse—the Naval Committee.
Mr. T. referred to the situation of our relations
with France, and the correspondence between
the two countries, the former of which he highly
eulogized. He then referred to the system of
fortifications recommended by a former adminis-
tration, and avowed himself prepared to carry it
out with the utmost liberality. A great contest
was approaching between the northern powers of
Europe—between despotism on the one hand, and
constitutional governments on the other—to which
the United States could not be an idle spectator,
but would probably be compelled to take an active
part. The signs of the times portended this con-
test, and, believing this, he was willing that the
system of fortifications should be carried out
with liberality. But he complained, that so far
as it had gone, it had not been carried on with
justice. The-expenditure had been made in one
section of the country, while the means were
drained from another. Mr. T. then read from a ,
tabular statement he had himself made out the
estimates for the various naval appropriations, as
contained in tha report from the Navy Depart-
ment, in the north Atlantic, south Atlantic, and
the Gulf sections, to prove the great disparity in
disbursement. The estimate of expenditure was,
for the northern Atlantic, $7,547,000, south Atlan-
tic, $7,000, and the Gulf frontier and south Atlan-
tic together, only $393,000; so that the North had
the advantage of the difference between upwards
of seven millions and a half and less than four
hundred thousand dollars.    It so happened, too,
that the beads of those very Departments, having
the control of those expenditures, were selected
from the North; the Secretary of State (Mr.
Forsyth) having charge only of the foreign rela-
tions of the country. Mr. T. referred also to the
expenditures in other branches of the Government.
In the North there were two armories and twelve
arsenals; the whole South and West had four
arsenals and no armory. In the North, six
navy-yards; in the South, on the Gulf, one. In
the North,one military school; in the South, none.
In the North, sixteen forts and twenty-five gar-
risons; in the South, only seven forts and gar-
risons. In the North there was less occasion for
forts, garrisons, or soldiers, for they had neither
slaves nor Indians to contend with. The whole
amount proposed to be expended at the North was
eleven million of dollars, and only about half a
million to the residue of the Union. Mr. T. read
the various items and particulars upon which his
statements were founded, and contended that the
Union was resolving itself into a Union of tribute-
payers and tribute-receivers. He warned gen-
tlemen not to press this too far, nor rely too long
upon the endurance of a generous and willing
people, at all times ready to expend their money
and their blood in defense of their common coun-
try.
Mr. T. referred to an estimate furnished to
himself by Captain Chace, whieh Stated that it
would require at least $2,950,000 to put Pensa-
coloa on a footing with the least respectable of
northern navy-yards, while only #64,000 was
proposed by the present bill. He then quoted
the opinions of Captain Dallas, Colonel Gratiot,
the board of engineers, Commodore Porter, Com-
modore Ridgley, &c, showing the importance
of Pensacola harbor for a naval station in the
event of a war. Mr. T. said he himself believed
it of greater importance than all the other har-
bors put together, and entered into a detailed
argument to show its capabilities and natural ad-
vantages over our other stations. Before Mr. T
concluded, he gave way to
Mr. WISE, on whose motion the committee
rose, reported progress, and asked leave to Bit
again.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in relation to military land warrants; which was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same, trans-
mitting, in obedience to a resolution of the 13th
ultimo, a statement showing the number of
claims for horses lost on the western frontier in
1831, in the Black Hawk war; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, the House then
adjourned, at half-past four o'clock,p. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 3, 1836.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the War Department, transmitting, in obedience
to the resolution of the Senate of the 26th ultimo 
a report from Mr. Gratiot on the present condi-
tion of the Winnebago Indians; and also a report
from Mr. Brush, who was selected last year to
visit the Indians residing between the Mississippi
and Lake Michigan; and,
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the reports were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Laporte county, in the State of
Indiana, praying for the estabhsment of a new-
post route; which was referred to the Committee
on. the Post Oflke and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDALN, firom the Committee on
Claims, to which had been referred the petition
of the widow of James Leoraaster, reported a bill
for her relief; which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. N., from the same committee, made unfa 
vorable reports on the petitions of Alphonso
Wetmore and of Richard Boon; and the commit-
tee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same.
