1838.
?m mmmmtmAh ^.obíí.
SSI
PAYMENT or VOLtrNtrBltS.   ~
The bill providing payment far the militia and
volunteer corps in the service of the United States,
was read the third time and passed.
FLORIDA RAILROAD.
The bill to authorize the Pensacola and Per-
dido Canal and Railroad Companv to construct
a road through the lands of the United States,
was, after being amended, on motion hy Mr.
D-avis, ordered to be engrossed for athird reading.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
The bill to repeal the provisoes in the first and
second sections of the act in alteration of the
several acts imposing duties on imports, was also
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered and agreed to i
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to liMimre mto the expediency of providinifor the
appointment of chaplains tor the Atmy of the United Statw.
Mr.Ñ1LES submitted thefollowingresolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Retained, That the Committee on the Po* Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of
establishing a ¡to*t route from Hartford, Connecticut, via
Windsor. PoqHOnoek, East Granny, West Snffield, and
Feeding Hills, to Westfleld, Massac bu«etu.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered and agreed
to:
Resotred, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of malting an appropriation
tbr the improvement of the harbor at the month of Black
river, in the átate of Ohio.
VACANCY FILLED.
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, and
by unanimous consent, the vacancy in the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, occasioned
by the resignation of Mr. Tyler, was ordered to
be filled by the Chair.
THE QUAKE* PETITION.
The petition of the Society of Friends of Lan-
caster, Pennsylvania, for   the  abolishment of ,
slavery in the District of Columbia, was taken I
up as the special order.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH said that, comingfrom
a State so deeply interested, he could not be silent.
It was not surprising that there was an excite-
ment when they had so much at stake. He spoke
of the anxiety to hear what would be done in
Washington. It would be better to have a ten
years' foreign war, than to have this excitement
kept up; he disclaimed all intention to mingle it
with politics. When the subject was up at a
former time, he was disposed to have as little said
on it as possible. He was willing then to receive
the petitions, and let them quietly lie on the table
until some course should be agreed upon; until
an appeal by report should be made to thai great
arbiter, public opinion, that irresistible monarch
to which all must submit. He would address
himself to the gentlemen of non-slaVeholding
States, and through them the people of those
Statos. This little government often miles square
was ceded to the United States to enable Congress
to protect themselves from being overawed by
mobs, <tc., in Philadelphia. The spot was selected
from the midst of the slaveholding States. The
citizens of Maryland and Virginia consented to it '
from patriotic motives, and did not dream that
measures would be attempted to subvert their
happiness in consequence of it. The North had
nothing to gain, and the South everything to lose,
in case of the interference by Congress. He read
a report made on the subject some years ago, to
show that the Representatives from the North and
East had fixed the boundaries of legislation on
this question themselves, and which he was will-
ing to adhere to. The committee who made the
report was composed of gentlemen from those
States. It was very natural that citizens from
different sections should be desirous to promul-
gate their peculiar opinions through Congress;
but when the promulgation of those opinions led
to a revolution, there ought to be some reasonable
check interposed. The Abolitionists had mistaken
the effect of their labors; instead of causing a re-
laxation in the rigorous treatment of slaves, it
placed a greater restriction upon them. Their
condition had been much improved from what it
was under the colonial government of Great Brit-
ain. He described the happiness, fidelity, and
attachment of the slaves, and the friendship and l
munificence of masters in return, until this inter-
ference of the Abolitionists had changed the char-
acter of their relations. He hoped measures would
be speedily adopted that would put this matter at
rest, that they might proceed in future in the path
of their duty, without excitement and with good
feelings.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, next took the floor,
and in a speech of some length advocated the re-
ception of the petition. He was one of those
who, wlwn the subject was first introduced, was
opposed to any discussion on it, believing that
the inevitable tendency of a protracted discussion
would be to add to the excitement unfortunately
prevailing. He thought that it would have been
far preferable to follow the practice of former
Congresses in either referring these abolition
memorials, or laying them on the table, where
they Slept, and were not again heard of. By such
a. course excitement was pre vented, and the fanat-
icism of the Abolitionists was rebuked and dis-
couraged by them, seeing how little notice was
taken of their wild and visionary projects, and
what little prospect there ever was of being
favorably listened to. He was not disposed to
find fault with those gentlemen coming from sec-
tions of the country equally interested in the
subject with the one he represented, who differed
with him in regard to the manner in which these
memorials should be disposed of; he knew that
they were as strongly urged both by interest,
feeling, and sense of duty to the course they
thought it proper to pursue as hé was; but, dif-
fering with them, though he was equally anxious
to take the strongest course in opposition to the
memorials, yet he could not consent to mix up a
subject so important to the State he represented,
and to the whole southern country, with another,
which, by creating a sympathy among the virtu-
ous and well-disposed for those in whose case the
right of petition might be abridged, would, per-
haps, add to the number of the deluded followers
of the leading Abolitionists. As had been well
argued by his friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buchanan,] the right of petition was admitted,
j on all hands, to be an inherent right previous to
i the adoption of the Constitution, secured by that
I instrument, and not to be set aside under any
circumstances. Should they, then, for the pur-
pose of putting an end to the machinations of the
Abolitionists, (though, indeed, it was the opinion
of many that the refusal to receive the petitions
would not produce that effect,) give occasion to
many well-disposed persons to believe that the
sacred right of petition had been violated, and
induce them to unite with the Abolitionists in
continuing the existing excitement? Even if he
had no doubts of the constitutionality of the pro-
cedure, he would, on the grounds of expediency,
hesitate before he would give rise to any appre-
hensions that Congress was willing to infringe
on the right of petition.
Itwas not tobe doubted, that, since the meeting
of Congress these individuals, associated together
for the purpose of disturbing the peace and tran-
quillity of the southern States, had increased be-
yond all calculation. The agitators were pouring
out their treasure with -a lavish hand in subsid-
1 izing presses, and distributing papers for the pur-
Eose of producing some action in Congress. He
ad no hesitation in expressing the opinion, that
the discussion that had taken place in Congress
had had the effect of stimulating these fanatics to
greater exertions. If this was not so, why Were
their efforts greater now than at any former pe-
riods? They had not heretofore persevered to
the extent that they now did, because Congress
gave no consequence to their memorials by pro-
tracted discussion, but passed them by with si-
lent contempt.
After some further remarks, showing wriy be
i could not vote against the reception of the peti-
' tion, Mr. K. said he would go with his friend
, from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] in the strongest
, measure that could be adopted, and that, he felt
¡I assured, was the one proposed by the Senator
ii from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Büchahijí,] to reject
the prayer of ink petition, "fhis bourse would
steer clear of all the objections that liad been urged
on the constitutional question. Wetake(saidhe)
from the citizens of the United States, be they
fanatics or whatever they may be called, the peti-
tion expressive of their wishes, but we go no
further: we then tell them that their request is
unreasonable, and cannot be granted; to grant
their prayer would be contrary to the obligations
of our duty; it would be a violation of the Con-
stitution, and against every principle of justice
and humanity, and we, therefore, stamp it with
our unqualified reprobation.
Mr. K. dissented from the eloquent Senator
from South Carolina, in apprehending any danger
from the spirit of abolition in France and England
crossing the Atlantic, and adding to that spirit on
this side of *he water. So long as he had the
Christian world in America with him—so long as
he had with him so strong a party of wise, zealous,
disinterested and generous friends at the North
making every exertion to put down that spirit, he
cared little for what was thought or said in France
or England. He expressed the strongest reliance
on the exertions of his northern friends, upon the
messages of the Governors of States, and the well
ordered presses- operating on public opinion, to
put down the dangerous spirit of abolition; and
spoke in the highest terms of the message of Gov-
ernor Marcy on that subject; but he warned his
northern friends, and he wished them to believe
that, if ever public sentiment should approach
that point so as to induce legislation in Congress
on the subject of the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, the cords of the Union
would be severed. It was disavowed on the part
of a majority of these Abolitionists that there was
any intention of interfering with the question of
slavery in the States. The District was to be the
battle-ground. He knew that many gentlemen
entertained the opinion that Congress possessed
the constitutional power to legislate on the subject
in the ten miles square; and the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Prentiss] entered into a constitu-
tional argument to show that Congress did not
possess the power. Sortie"years ago a report was
made in the other House, on a bill before that
body, claiming remuneration for a slave killed in
the public service, in which the doctrine was ad-
vanced, that slaves were not property. [Marigny
D'Antetive"s case.] The gentleman from New
York, however, had passed over all the barriers
of the Constitution, in support of his argument,
by the position ,'that if'Co'frgress emancipated the
staves *>f the District, it eoüld bé done for the pub:
I lie use. Mr. K. here repjied ^.length to that
i part of Mr. Prentiss's argument, showing ho\y
impossible it was to reconcile it with the clause in
the Constitution; and also replied to another part
of the argument of the same gentleman, that slaves
in the District might be taxed so high as to com,-
pel their owners to part with them,urging the
strong injustice there would be in such" a tax, and
its manifest violation of good faith towards the
States who ceded ihe ten miles square to the
United States for a far different purpose.
Mr. K., after snowing how impossible it was
for the Abolitionists to benefit the slaves of the
District, even if they Succeeded in producing their
desired effect on Congress, called upon all friends
Of the Union to lend their aid in putting down the
alarming and dangerous excitement prevailing on
the subject, and ended by assuring his brethren
of the South; that although he could not, con-
sistently with his sense of duty, vote against
receiving the petition, yet he would cordially
unite with them in the strongest measures for
protecting the constitutional rights and interests
of the South.
After Mr. K. had concluded,
Mr, CUTHBERT expressed a wish to address
the Senate on the subject, before the question was
taken. As he then felt somewhat indisposed, he
hoped the Senate would not compel him to go on
at that late hour, but would indulge him by post-
poning the question until to-morrow.
Mr. PORTER suggested that as Fridays were
usually devoted to the consideration of bills, it
would be better to postpone the subject until
Monday, if agreeable to the gentleman from
Georgia-, and Mr. CittB e t assenting,
On motion by Mr.   HUBBARD, the further
