i8a&
<L0"\
raf) lODNOjRi^iaMA^ * cjlqbr.
288
Mr. EVANS, from Une (Jpmraittee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for th* relief of Charles
Blake; also, a bill granting a pension to Robert
Lucas; which were read twice and committed.
Mr. P. C. FULLER, from the Committee ort
Claims, reported u bill for the relief of James J.
Pattiaon; which was read twice and committed.
- Mr. MERCER,frorn the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following bills; which
were read twice and committed:
A bill to authorize the removal of the bar at or
near the mouth of the river Mississippi; and
A bill further to amend the act incorporating
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were read twice and committed:
A bill granting arrearage of pension to Josiau
Westlake; and
A bill granting a pension to "Walter Dyer.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report on the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Captain Augustus A.
Nicholson.
Mr. J., from the same committee, reported a
bill making appropriations for removing the bar
at the mouth of Pensacola Bay, and for construct-
ing an hydraulic dock, or an inclined plane, at
Pensacola; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. J., from the «ame committee, reported the
following resolution ¡which, by consent, was con-
sidered and agreed to!
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
Ouae a coarse of experiment  to be instituted, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining the efficiency and testing {he safety of
the ¿tedium or light gun¿ of the Navy, and of comparing
their effect with the guns for which they were proposed to
be substituted.
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Goldsmith; <
and
A bill for the relief of Joseph Tuttle.                  j
Mr. GRANTLAND, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of i
Dudley Walker; which was read twice and com- !'
milted.                                                                      I
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Revo- j
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of ]
Matthias Travels; which was read twice and [
Committed,                                                                I
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on I
Claims, reported the following bills; which were ¡
read twice and committed:                                       !
A bill for the relief of Daniel Davis;                   I
A bill for the relief of James Baker; and
A bill granting half-pay to the widows and
orphans, where their husbands and fathers have
died, or shall hereafter die, in the military service |
of the United States, in certain cases.                     ;
Messrs. BOON and WILLIAMS, of North i!
Carolina, from the Committee on Public Lands;
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs; Messrs. CRAIG, MUHLENBERG,
KINNARD, and BEAUMONT, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims; Messrs. FRY
and BOND, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions; Mr. TOUCEY, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary; Messrs. HOWELL and
DOUBLED AY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions-, Messrs. CHAMBERS, of Pennsyl-
vania, CARU, and PATTERSON, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims; and Mr.
WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on Claims
—made unfavorable reports upon various resolu-
tions, memorials, and petitions; which, with one
or two exceptions, were laid on the table.
[Mr. Whittlesey, from the Committee on
Claims, reported adversely in the case of John
Campbell, Nathan Winteringer, James Adams,
Thomas Foster, Jr., and Aquilla Bishop.]
Mr. SEVIER, on leave, presented a statement
containing the census of the population of Ark-
ansas; which was laid on the table,and ordered
to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Mercer, was, on his motion, considered
and agreed to:
Retained, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to lay before this House a statement of the disbursements
which nave bee* made for building the Washington bridgp
across the Potomac; discriminating therein the «est of
various works upon the same, in wood, earth,rubble stone,
hrmnsonrv, and nil extra work contracted for or added to
the struetuie of the said bridge, by order or permission of
the Department, subsequent to the, original contract there-
for, distinguishing in like manner the description and cost
of hH such extrn work; anrl that he also state the relative
elevation, above ordinary high tide, of the present bridge,
compared with thut which stood on the same site.
■ The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. Dickson, was, on his motion, considered and
agreed to:
Refolctd. That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for tho átate of Mis¿¡.-sippi an equivalent iu land or money
for the sixteenth sections which nave been guarantied to
said State within her limits, by an act to authorize her to
form a constitution and State government, and from which
she is wholly excluded in the district of country lately
ce,ded to the United States by the Chickasaw tribe of In:
dians.
On motion by Mr. BOON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing
incorporated railroad and canal companies to construct
railroads and canals through the public lands of the United
States.
On motion by Mr. PEYTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Gallutin,Temiessce, toTomp-
kinsvillc, Kentucky, passing by Duncy Cross i£,oads, m
. Smith county, Tennessee, down the Lone; Fork of Barren
¡ river, by John B. Lamery's store, thence to Tompkinsville,
! Kentucky.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr. LAWRENCE remarked, that it was ex-
ceedingly important that the New York relief bill
should be disposed of; and he moved a suspen-
sion of the rule, for the purpose of proceeding
with its consideration.
Mr. PARKS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the motion to suspend
the rules was rejected—yeas 129, nays 66; not
two thirds.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the select committee, ap-
pointed during the last Congress, to investigate the affairs
i of the West Point Military Academy, be withdrawn from
: die riles, and that ten thousand copies thereof be printed.
i " Objection being made, Mr. H. moved to sus-
1 pend the rule; \Srhich was negatived without a
I count.
' Mr. ASHLEY moved a suspension of the rule
i for the purpose of taking up an amendment of
' the Senate to a joint resolution of the House,
I establishing certain post roads in Missouri and
I Arkansas; which was negatived—ayes 97, noes
54; not two thirds.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. CAMBR ELENG, the House
then resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Miller
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1836.
The question pending was the motion by Mr.
Bell to redoce the itertt for the improvement
and necessary repairs of the navy-yara at Ports- ]
mouth,  New Hampshire, one  half,  Víeí from
$67,000 to |33,500.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, resumed
his remarks in opposition to the general principles
of the bill, on the ground of the inequality of \
expenditure on the northern and southern sea- ¡
board, and entered again into various details to ]
show the advantages of the latter section for naval
stations.   Labor could be procured much cheaper
at the South and West than at the North, where
the system of society was complex and artificial,
and which would be disbanded in the year 1843,
at the breaking up of the tariff system.    Mr. T.
again recurred to the testimonies of Colonel Gra-
tiot, Commodore Dallas, the board of engineers,
&c., in favor of the advantages of Pensacola har-
bor for a naval station, and reiterated the charges
of inequality comprised in the recommendations
of the Secretary of the Navy which appropriated
$7,000,000 to the North, and about $300,000 for ,
the South.   He complained of the pitiful bill in- I
troduced that morning by the chairman of the j
Naval Committee [Mr. Jarvis] for an hydraulic '
dock or an inclined plane at Pensacola.   He would !
say, make Pensacola equal to the most respectable '
of the otherKwral •stations, or,expend -nothing
upon it. The measure proposed m Ike bill just
reported, if carried otw,-provided only for vessels
of a small class, and not those of a first-rate. He
contrasted the amount of productions in the South
and West with the North. The former was the
great well-spring; the latter the reservoir. The
people of the former he described as aliens to all
the bounty of the Government, in comparison with
the share of disbursements that fell to the latter.
Mr. T. referred to the surplus revenue, and avowed
himself willing to go to any reasonable lengths in
disposing of it, for he regarded it as one of the
most terrible impending^ calamities hanging over
the liberties and institutions of the country. He
entered intoa statement to show that it was several
millions more than was set down by the Secretary
of the Treasury, exclusive of the bank stock and
an estimate of $25,000,000 for the fiscal year.
He regarded this subject a more conclusive one
than all the existing measures that had hitherto
occurred, the Missouri question, tariff, compro-
mise, and all united. There would be no less than
! between forty and fifty millions of surplus rev-
enue next year.   After some further remarks Mr.
i T. concluded, and
'    Mr. EVANS obtained the floor, but gave way to
Mr. CAMBRELENG, on whose motion the
committee took up and considered the bill making
i appropriations for payment of revolutionary and
other pensions for the year 1836.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com 
■ mittee took up and considered the following bill:
A bill to repeal so much of the act entitled "An
act transferring the duties of Commissioner of
Loans to the Bank of the United States, and
abolishing the office of Commissioner of Loans,"
as requires the. Bank of the United States to per-
i form tho duties of commissioner of loans for the
several States.
CONVENTION WITH SPAIN.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of Virginia, the
committee took up for consideration the bill to
carry into effect the convention with Spain.
Mr. M. said he was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to move a substitute
for the bill, omitting only the enacting clause;
which he did, and briefly explained its provisions,
showing that the bill and'the amendment differed
énly in the form and structure of the commission
appointed under the bill.
Mr. ADAMS made a few remarks in favor of
the amendment.
Mr. CUSHlNG Said, that he desired to avail
himself of this occasion to express his strong
sense of the justice and honor exhibited by the
Government of Spain in the treaty of which this
bill was the consummation. In the midst of
national calamities, which she met with her char-
acteristic fortitude, with a deadly civil war raging
in her bosom, and weighed down with financial
embarrassments, Spain has acknowledged and
satisfied the claims of our citizens in a spirit of
manly promptitude and frankness strikingly con-
trasted with the conduct of some other European
powers in a similar matter.    This procedure or|
I the part of that gallant and high-minded nation
! did honor to the liberal policy which actuates her
! present rulers; and united as Spain and the Uni-
ted States are by the ties of a close intercourse,
reciprocally beneficial to both, he felt that it was
the duty of the American Congress, in passing
this bill, to bear emphatic testimony to the integ-
rity and dignified sentiment of self-respect mani-
fested in this affair by the dueen Regent of Spain.
On .motion by Mir. BRIGGS, the committee
rose, and reported the foregoing bills to the
House.
The two bills reported without amendment,
were then read the third time and passed.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
to the bill to carry into effect a convention with
Spain, was then concurred in by the House, and
the bill, as amended, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading to-morrow; and, on motion by Mr.
TOUCEY, the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 4,1836.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. CHAPÍN, was considered and agreed to:
