THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Sessiov, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 15.
which he would have to vote. He would venture
to assert, that no individual member on that floor
would vote upon this question without reading all
the evidence, and without listening to all the ar-
fumcnts that might be advanced by gentlemen on
oth sides of the question.                             .
Independent of this, Mr.G. must be permitted
to observe that, wherever counsel was employed
for a specific purpose, for the purpose of advo-
cating the particular cause of a particular individ-
ual, he was expected, from the very nature of his
station, from the duty a counsel owed his clent,
to bring forward the strong points only, those
calculated to operate exclusively for the benefit
of the individual he represented, and not to touch
upon those that would go to sustain the other
side. It did appear to Air. G., then, that, taking
n general view of the subject, both as to policy
ana precedent, believing that House competent
to investigate, for itself, this question, that
there was no propriety on the present occasion,
of allowing counsel to the petitioner. He was
opposed to the motion upon general principles,
and he concurred with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Reed] that this principle, once
adopted, would have to be carried out on all sub-
jects involving a legal point which might come
up there for discussion. It was wrong; it was
improper; and he could never consent to it.
Mr. WHITTLESEY here called for the orders
of the day.
Mr. CO YD moved to suspend the orders of the
d.iv, for the purpose of proceeding with the con-
sideration of this subject.
Mr. BYNUM wished to move simply to pro-
ceed with the discussion, as he conceived that
motion required only a bare majority.
The CHAIR decided that that motion would
require two thirds, consistent with the precedents
that had been long established by the House, and
decided upon at least twenty times. The effect
of the motion was to suspend the rules of the
House, so far as private business was concerned.
Mr. BOYD then modified his motion, by
moving that the House proceed with the consid-
eration of the report of the Committee of Elections.
The motion was decided as follows: ayes 87, noes
S3, vi hereupon,
The CHAIR decided that, in conformity with
what he understood to be the declared sense of
the House, by long-established precedents, the
motion was not agreed to, because it required a
rmjnrity of two thirds.
Mr. BYNUM then took an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, on the ground that a bare
majority was sufficient to proceed with the busi-
ness under consideration, and that Friday and
Saturday were not so absolutely set apart lor the
consideration of private business, as to make that
subject the special order for those days. The 19th
rule is as follows:
Friday and Saturday in every week shall be set apart for
tiie consideration of private bill * and private bu-incs*, in
preference t  anv otber, unless otherwise determined by a
majority of tiie House.
Anil the point was, whether it required a bare
"majority, or a "majority "of two thirds. The
decisions of the Choir, and former precedents for
more than six years, were in favor of the latter.
The point of order was debated at some length,
and the decision of the Chair was sustained by
Messrs. MERCER, BRIGGS, WILLIAMS of
Kt-ntuckv, CUSHING, EVERETT, WHIT-
TLESEY, and SUTHERLAND; opposed by
Messrs. BYNUM, BEARDSLEY, HARPER,
VINTON, MANN of New York, BELL, VAN-
DERPOEL and TOUCEY.
Mr. HAMER demanded 'he previous ques-
tion; which was seconded—ayes 108, noes not
counted; and the main question was ordered to
be put without a count.
The main question was, " Shall the decision of
the Chair sland as the judgment of the House?"
and thereon,
Mr. MANN, of New York, asked for the yeau
and nays; which were ordered, and the question
beng taken, was decided in theaffirmative—yeas
132, nays 01; as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Adam , Chilton Altai. Ash, Bailey,
Bank<, Beaumont, Bell. Bockee, Boon, Borden. Brigs!,
Buchanan, Bunch, John Callioon, William U. Calhoun,
Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey, George Clumbers, John
Chambers, Chaney, Nathaniel II Claiborne, Cleveland,
Coffee, Coles, Corwin, Crane, Cushing, Darlington, De
berry, Denny, Dickerson, Doubledav, Dunlap, Eflher,
Everett. Fairfield, French, Fry, Pililo C. Fuller, Galuraith,
James Garland, Rice Garland, Glascock, Granger, Grennell,
Griffin, Haley, lliland Hall, Hamer. Hard, Harlan, Samuel
S. Harrison, Hawkins, Hazcltine, Hcinter, Howell, Hub-
ley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, William Jackson,
Joseph Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Joseph Jobn-on, Henry
Johnson, John W. Jones, Judión, Kcnnon, litlgore, Ktu-
nard, Lane, Lansins, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Joshua Lcc,
Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Loaaii,L>on, Job Mann,
Martin, John Y Mason.Moses Mx-on.Miurv.Mav,McCarty,
McKennan. Mercer, Miller, Milluan, Montgomery, Moore,
Morgan, Morn*, Dutec J. Pearce, James A. Pearee, Phelp*,
Phillips, Pickens, Potts, Reed, Eenchcr, John Reynold-.,
Roane, Ru^ell, William B. Slicpird, Augustine II. Sh->p-
pcrd, Shields, Sickles, Shde, Spaniler, Stantlefer, Steele,
SlOier, Su hrrland. Talia erro, Taylor, Tilintas, John
Tiiomson, Turner, Turnll, Word, Wardwell, White, Wlnt-
tlcacy, Lewis Williams, and Snerrod Williams—132.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Barton, Bean, Beardsley,
Bond, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, itynum, Cambrel«n<r, Chnpm,
Conmr, Cm". Cramer. Cushman, Davis, Dick-on, Farlin,
William K Fuller, Gillet, Grantland, Gravel, Grayson, Jo-
«cp'i Hill, Hanncgan, Ilarp3r,Albcrt G. Harrison, Havnes,
Holi>e\. Hopkins, Ingcr-oll, Jamo, Richard M. Johnson,
Cave Jolinson,Gideon Lee, Leonard, Abitah Mann, William
Ma on, Sampson Mason, McComas, McKav, McKcon,
McKim. MeLcne, Muhlenbere, Owens, Page, Parker,
Patterson, Joseph Reynolds Riplev, Robertson, Roi rs,
Schcnck, Smith. Toucev, Underwood, Yanderpoel,Vintun,
Weli=ter, and Weeks—61.
So the House determined that the decision of
the Chair should stand as the judgment of the
House.
The House then proceeded to the orders of the
day.
REPORT FROM THE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a
statement relativ  to the growth, cultivation, and
manufacture of cotton; winch was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures, and ordered to be
printed.
BILLS PASSED.                '
The following engrossed bills were read the
third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small;
A bill for the relief of Reuben Colburn;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Charaplin and
others, owner, &c, of the schooner Buffalo;
A bill for the relief of Henry Darling;
A bill granting pensions and arrearage of pen-
sions to persons therein named;
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Wormstead
and others;
A bill for the relief of Abiel Roads anil others;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Phijips anil
others;
A bill for the relief of Joseph W. Green and
others;
A bill for the relief of George Gott ard others;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin and Nancy
Merrill;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gresham;
A bill for the relief of William Bownan;
A bill for the relief of citizens of the reserved
township, Monroe county, Indiana;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon & Co.,
New York;
A bill for the relief of Amy Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Doxtator at d Weaver;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Tilomas Haliday;
A bill for the relief of William Woodward and
William Mitchell;
A bill for the relief of the re pre jentatives of
Josias Thompson;
A bill for the relief of Gilbert A. Smith and
others;
A bill for the relief of Clark Allen;
A bill for the relief of Samuel W Ruff;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Dr. Absalom Baud, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Smith;
A bill for the relief of John Dement;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel
Tyler, deceased;
A bill to authorize the conveyance of certain
lands belonging to the Territory of Michigan;
and
A bill to carry into effect the convention with
Spain.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill to repeal parts of the acts to alter and
amend the severalacts imposing duties onimports,
approved July 14, 1832;
A bill to authorize the East Florida Railroad
Company to construct a railroad through the
public lands in the Territory of Florida; and,
A bill to authorize the Pensacola and Perdido
Railroad and Canal Company to construct a rail-
road and cut a oanal through the public loads.
POST ROUTES.
The amendment to the Senate to the joint res-
olution of the House, for the establishment of
certain post routes in Missouri, Arkansas, and
Wisconsin, was concurred in.                  t        ^
THOMAS P. ESKRIDGE.     '   '~    ■«
The House proceeded to consider the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of the Whole
to the bill for the relief of Thomas P. Eskridge
and Alvarez Fisk; and pending the same,
The House, on motion by Mr. MANN, of New
York, adjourned.
IN SENATE. - - ■" . -
Fridat, March 4, 1836.      ..'.'   "
Mr. PORTER presented the credentials of the
Hon. Robert Carter Nicholas, elected a Sen-
ator from the State of Louisiana to serve for six
years from the 4th of March last; which, were
read.
The usual oath to support the Constitution of
the United States was then administered to Mr.
Nicholas by the Vice President, and he took his
seat in the Senate.
VACANCY FILLED.
The CHAIR announced that he had, in pur-
suance of the order of the Senate yesterday, ap-
pointed Mr. Walker to fill the vacancy in the
Committee on the District of Columbia, occa-
sioned by the resignation of Mr. Ttler, but with
the understanding that the member next to'Mr.
Ttler in order on the committee shall be the
chairman. This was agreed to by general con-
sent; and Mr. Kent is, therefore, the chairman
of the committee.                      -,
VACANCY IN FINANCE COMMITTEE.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, it was
Ordered, That the vacancy in the Committee on Finance,
occasioned by the resignauon of Mr. Ttler, be filled by the
Chair.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Michigan, praying for an ad-
ditional appropriation for the military road from
Detroit; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.                    '"                        J
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented the petition
of sundry citizens of Ohio, praying for an appro-
priation for building a bridge across the Ohio at
Wheeling; which was referred to the same com-
mittee.                                                                  15
Mr.MORRIS presented the memorial of sundry
inhabitants of Michigan, praying for theestablish-
ment of sundry post routes; also, the memorial
of sundry citizens of the same Territory, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at the mouth of St. Joseph's; the first of
which was referred tor the Committee on the Post
