1B3B.
T3ÍR 4JON&H$J3SlOMAL GEOHE.
229
Mr. FRY, of Pennsylvania, said he was nmon 
those who had voted against the petitioner being
heard upon this floor by counsel, and he should
also vote against his being heard in person, and
he had done so under the fullest conviction that the
House were amply competent, and that the
House would do the claim of the petitioner ample
justice upon the final action of the House upon
the subject.
Sir, we have not only the report of the standing
Committee of Elections, but we have adouble re-
port—a minority Teport upon the subject, and
what member of this House would hazard the
opinion, that the reports did not embrace all the
facts in the case > And if they do, do we want a
lawyer to read and expound that report to the
House' Does the House want a lawyer to dis-
tort the evidence' I have full eonfidtnee in the
abibty of the committee who have made tlie re-
port to do lustice to the contending parties; and
having their reports, I want the opinion or ad-
vice of no lawyer to tell me what that report is,
and whether it does justice or injustice to either
of the parties.
I cannot see, if this petitioner is entitled to be
heard upon this floor, Why every person who has
a claim is not entitled to be heard by counsel. I
cannot make a distinction between claimants.
Precedents have been referred to. I make prece-
dents the rule of my conduct only so far as I con-
sider them good and sound. I make precedents
the rule of my conduct no further than I approve
of them. I said I voted against allowing the pe-
titioner to be heard by counsel upon this floor,
and I repeat it, because 1 believed the House amply
competent, and I cannot doubt but that the House
will do him full justice; and I was sorry to hear
the insinuation of the gentleman from North Car- I
olina, that a disposition was manifested by the '
vote of the House to do the petitioner injustice.
I have troubled  the  House  with these few
observations in justification of the vote I gave
upon the amendment, and in justification of the
vote I should give upon the proposition of the '
gentleman from New York; and with these ob- I
servallons I dismiss the subject.                            |
Mr. ADAMS said he felt some embarrassment
on the present occasion as to theceurse he ought
to pursue. It had happened that he was absent
when the yeas and nays Were taken, and he had
not had an opportunity of recording his vote. It
had not been his intention to enter into the present
question at all; and he should have been satisfied
by an opportunity of voting, which would have
been in favor of admitting counsel on the part of
the petitioner. He would have done so, because
he conceived it to be the right of a citizen of the
United States, sent there by forty thousand voters,
or claiming to be sent by them. He" should have
considered it as one of the rights of the petitioner
and of his constituents to tie heaird by counsel,
if he had thought proper to ask it. It was the
only principle on winch he could be placed on an
equality with his competitor, because no one was
capable of speaking for himself in such a case.
What was the result' Go into a court of justice,
and see on one side one of the first lawyers of
the land, and on the other a man who had nothing
but the justice of his cause to sustain him: let the
ludges and jurors be as honest and capable as
they might be, and, nine times out often, the suit
would be decided in favor of the man who had
the great lawyer. To deny counsel was to take
away the equality which should be given to the
petitioner.
Mr. BOON rose to a point of order. He did
not think the gentleman in order in reflecting on
the decision Of House.
Mr. ADAMSresumed. It had not beenhis inten-
tion to trouble the House with any remarks; but
he wished to give his reason for voting against
the motion then before the House. The present
motion was a substitute for the one which the
House had refused to grant It was now pro-
posed that the petitioner should be admitted on
the floor of the House, and that he should have
permission of the House to use a faculty which
his friends said he did not possess. Now, it
seemed to him, if that principle was established,
the question might be asked, have the people the
right to send a man to Congress who was not a
profound lawyer, a man who might be good in
j counsel, but had not the faculty of speaking > The
right of the member was the right of his constit-
uents, and he did nut know of any law which
required that a member of Congress should be a
public speaker. That was a matter for their con-
stituents to determine for themselves. And every
gentleman knew full will that there were many
members of that I louse who had not the peculiar
faculty of speaking, but who weie as useful
members as any others in the House. But were
gentlemen going to admit the petitioner, who was
no lawyer himself, to plead his own cause, when
his friends have told them that he was not capable
of pleadmgit> *nd that, too, when his competitor
was a debater equal to almost any gentleimn on
that floor* The proposition was fallacious. It
had the appearance of placing the petitioner on an
equality with his competitor, nnd at the same time
amounted to nothing at all It was a refusal of
his rights, together with the pretension of grant-
ing him his rights. So far as a resolution went,
taking it abstractly, he should vote for it, for the
House had declined what he believed to have
been the petitioner's rights; but he found the peti-
tioner's friends were no twilling to aoeept of it, and
therefore he labored under some embarrassment,
and he should rather be inclined to vote against
the resolution. Gentlemen might consider it a
sort of indemnity for what they had refused the
petitioner, and it would be so, were it not for the
fact that it was absolutely a delusive privilege,
and it was better to say at once that he should
not have a seat, and submit his case to the justice
of the-House. He begged not to be suspected of
entertaining any hostile feelings towards either of
thegentlemen. Hehadahigh regard forthe sitting
member, and of his competitor lie knew nothing
Not being in the House to record his vote on the
subject, he had taken the opportunity of giving
the reasons why he should vote against the prop-
osition to allow the gentleman to plead his own
cause, which he considered a delusive appearance
of justice, and no reality.
Mr. WHITTLESEY called for the orders of
the day, but withdrew it at the request of
Mr. HAMER.who, by consent of the House,
moved a reconsideration of the vote of this morn-
ing on the resolution directing extra copies of the I
report on the Ohio and Michigan boundary ques-
tion, &c, to be printed, as he wished to move to i
strike out that part directing the printing of the ¡
briefs. Mr. H. said, that by a conversation
with some members of the Judiciary Committee,
he had ascertained that under the íesolution, as
adopted, there was no document or briof that
could be printed on behalf of Michigan. To print
one on behalf of Ohio, under such circumstances,
might seem like taking an advantage of Michigan.
This Ohio did not want; and he desired a recon-
sideration forthe purpose of striking out all that
part of the resolution which related to the print-
ing of briefs on either side.
The House reconsidered the vote.    Mr. H
modified the resolution as proposed, and it was
then adopted.
PRIVATE   BILLS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the relief of Thomas P. Eskndge and
Alvarez Fisk.
An amendment having been proposed by Mr.
PARKER, it was opposed by Messrs. LIN-
COLN and SEVIER, and advocated by the
mover, when
Mr. PARKER varied his motion, by proposing
to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands, with instructions.
After some further remarks by Messrs. SE-
VIER, BOON, VINTON, PARKER, MASON
of Virginia, LINCOLN, WHITTLESEY, and
KENNON,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, called
for a division of the question; and it was first
put upon committing, and decided in the nega-
tive; the second branch of the motion fell, as a
matter of course.
The amendment of Mr. Pabker to strike out
the allowance of interest was then disagreed to,
and the bill ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
A joint resolution for the relief of Benedict
Alford was amended ou motion by Mr. W ARD-
I WELL, by adding a provision for the relief of
Robert Brush; and, after some debate, the further
considt i itmn of the resolution was postponed
until Puday next'.
Mr  DAVIS moved an adjournment.
Mr. PHÍLO C. FULLER asked for the yeas
and nays on the motion, which were not ordered.
The question on the adjournment was taken by
tellers—ayes 82, noes 61; and at 3 o'clock, p. m.,
the House tUl|ourned
IN SENATE.
Mokdat, March ", 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Navy Department, transmitting a statement of
the con'racti, madi by the Navy Commissioners
foi the 1 est veil
Mr BROWN presented the petition of the rep-
resentatives of General James Moore, deceased,
piayn<| remuneration forthe revolutionary ser-
vices of the deceased, which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the petition and
papers of the hens of the late Lord Sterling were
leferred to thi Committee on Publir Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
John Gardnei, praying remuneration for horses
lost in the service of the United State during the
last war, which was referred to the Committee
on Claims
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of the heirs of William Ramsay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Ransom Mix; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. B iNTON presented the memorial of sun-
dry expatriated Poles, praying that the sale of
public lands, heretofore made them, may be
changed into a donation; and that a like provis-
ion may be made for others of their countrymen
who have lately arrived in this country; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mi. WALL presented three petitions—one
from sundry citizens of New Jersey, and two
from certain inhabitants of the town of Cape
May—praying for the erection of stone piers at
the point of Cape May Island; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. KENT submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Rtsolt-ti, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into thoevpeduncyof giving to the District of Columbia a
j D legate on the fl ior ofthi Hou-e of R preservatives, and
1 thereby pliee them on in equal tooting with tile other Ter-
ritories ot the United State.
Mr CALHOUN submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
IteszlteJ,  Trm the Committee on the Post Offiee and
Post Road  be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mad route trom Pendleton, South Carolina,
[ by Clarke ville, to Dayton, Georgia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Penbions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and juauce of granting a
pension to Leslie Comb-, of Kentucky.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agieed to:
lietolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to commu íeate tp the Senate the total amount expended
in con tiuctuig and repuring the Cumberland road, fin
eluding bridging,) and di tinguuhing the sums expended
east ot Whef lint , and in the three State  of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illumes and that he also communicate to the Senate
fie total amount of the two percent fund  inch, by the
compacts with the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Mi- oun, re pectively, was reserved, and of the net pro-
ceeds ot the sales of the public lands, for making roads or
canals leading to those several States, distinguishing be-
tween th  amounts of that tund which have accrued in each
of tlio-e Stites
REPORTS   FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on
Finance, to which had been referred the ball
authorizing the Secretary of War to transfer a
part of the appropriations made for the suppres-
sion of hostilities in Florida to the credit of sub-
sistence , and the bill prescribing the modeof paying
the pension* heretofore allowed by Congress, re-
ported the fast without amendment, and the latter
with an amendment
