183&>
TOBjeONGRESSlQtfM* GÍ.OBB.
231
YEAS —Messrs. AdSms, Chilton Allan, Hainan Allen, i
Anthony, Bailey, Barton, Bean, Beardsley, Borden, Brigip, I
Brown, Carr, Casey, Ueorge Chamber.-, Corwui, Craii,
Cramer, Crane, Cusnman, Uenny  Effner, Evans, Farliu,
Plwlo C. Puller, Ualbraith, Gillet, Graves, Gremicll, Joseph
Hail, IlilaiiU II.ill, Hard,Ilarlan, Samuel ¡S. HarrUon, Haw-
kins, Uar.eltiiie, llei-ter, Uoar, Howell, Hubley, Hunting-
ton, William Jack-on, Janes, Jams, Cave Johnson, Km-
nard, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Lincoln, Job
Mann, William Ma on, Moses Mason, Sampson Mason,
McKennan, McKim, MeLene, Miller, Milligan, Montgom-
ery, Morns, Muhlenberg, Page, Parks, Patterson, Dutee J.
•pearce, Potts, Heed, Rencher, Joseph Reynolds, Russell,
William B. Shepard, áhmn. Sickles, Smith, Storcr, Talia-
ferro, John Thomson, Toucej, Underwood,Whittlesey,and
Williams-SO.
NAYS — Messrs. Ash, Beale, Beaumont, Bell, Boekee,
Bond, Boyd, Buchanan. Bynum, John Calhoon, William B.
Calhoun, Cambrelena, Campbell, Carter, John Chamber*,
Chaney, Childs, Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles. Con-
nor, Davis, Deberry, Dickson, DouWeday, Dromgoole, Dun-
.ap, Everett, Fairfield, Forester, French, Fry, James Gar-
land, Glascock, Graham, Granger, Grayson, G.iffln, Haley,
Hardin, Albert G. Harrison, Hayues, Henderson, Hopkins,
Howard, Hunt, Huntsman, IngcrsoU, Ingham, J abe  Jack-
son, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson, John W. Jone', Lawler,
Luke Lea, Leonard, Loyall, Lyon, Martin, Maury, Mc-
Comas, McK"on, Mercer, Morgan, Owens, Parker, l'atton,
Phelps, Phillips, Pickens. Roane, Robertson, Shield ,
Spangler, Standefer, Steele, Towns, Turner, Turnll, Van-
derpoel, and Ward—S3.
The question was then taken on Mr. Patton's
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose stated;
and decided in the negative by yeas and nays; as
follows:
YEA3 — Messes. Ash, Bailey, Dea'.e, Beaumont, Bell,
Boyd, Cachañan, Bynum, Jolm Calhoon, Cambrelem;,
Campbell, Carter, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, Cleveland,
Coffje, Coles, Connor, Darlington, Davis, Deberry, Dickson,
Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Everett, Fairfield, For-
ester, Fry, James Garland, Rice Garland, Glascock, Gran-
ger, Graves, Gray on,Grithn, Haley, Ilamer, Albert G. Har-
rison, Hayne?, Holsey, Hopkins, Hunt, Huntington, Hunts-
man, Ingerto!!, Ingham, Jabcz Jackson, Jenifer, Joseph
Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, John W. Jones, Lawler,
Lay, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Loyall,
Lyon, Martin, Maury, McCornas, McKim, Mercer, Morgan,
Muhlenberg, Owen , Parker, Pat con, Pearce, Phillip , Pick-
ens, John Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Robertson, Rogers,
William B. ¿hepard, Augustine II. Shepperd, ¡Shields,
Spangler, Standefer, Steele, Taliaterro, Towns, Turner,
Turnll, Washington, and Wise—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, Chilton Allan, Hemn-n Allen,
Anthony, Banks, Barton, Bean, Beardsley, Bond, Boon,
Borden, Briggs, Brown, William B. Camoun, Casey, George
Chambers, John Chambers, Childs, Corwui, Craig, Cramer,
Cushing, Ciuhman, Denny, Dickerson, Effner, Evans,
Farlin, French, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Gillet,
Grennell, Joseph Hall, lliland Hall, Hannecan, Hard, Har-
din, Harlan, Samuel 9. Harrison, Hawkins, Hazeltme,
Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Howell, Hubley, William Jack-
son, Janes, Jarvis, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kmnard,
Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Lincoln, Abijah
Mann, Job Mann, WiHiam Mason, Moses Mason, Samp on
Mason, May, McKennan, McLane, Miller, Milligan, Mont-
fomery, Moore, Morris, Page, Parks, Patterson, Phelps,
otts, Reed, Rencbcr, Joseph Reynolds, Russell, Shinn,
Sickles, Slade, Smith, Storer,Taylor, John Thomson, Tou-
cey, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Wardwell, Webster, Weeks,
White, Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—96.
Mr. SPANGLER (who voted in the majority)
moved to reconsider trie vote respecting the mo-
tion made by Mr. Bynüm, to allow Mr. Newland
to appear before the House by counsel, on the
subject of his petition for a seat in the place of
Mr. Graham, of North Carolina.
The motion to reconsider was received and laid ,
over.
NEW YORK TRADES' UNION.
The motion heretofore made by Mr. Heister,
to reconsider the vote referring to the Committee
on Roads and Canals the memorial of the New
York Trades' Union, in reference to the hours
of labor required by the superintendence of the
public works, was taken up.
Mr. HEISTER said, that in explanation of
the rote he intended to give on the motion now
pending, he thought it proper to state, that he
made the motion at the solicitation of an honor-
able member of the House, as an act of courtesy
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Moore,]
in order that he might again have the vote of the
House on the reference he desired.
When, on Monday last, that gentleman pre-
sented the memorial in question, and asked its
reference to a select committee, apprehending that
if it was so referred a report would probably be
made calculated to foster and encourage the
agrarian and leveling spirit which, in my opin-
ion, is already too prevalent in the country, I, in
order to arrest in its incipiency what I believed
to be an evil, moved to lay the petition on the
table. This motion having failed, and tne gen-
tleman's motion also failing, I voted for its refer-
\ ence to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
because I then thought that the subject legiti-
mately belonged to that committee. I still en-
tertain the same opinion.
I doubt, Mr. Speaker, whether there is a gen-
tleman on this floor more conversant with the
public improvements of thecountry than the chair-
man of the Committee on Roads and Canals; or
who understands better what is due from the
Government to the laborers employed oh the pub-
lic works; and I am sure there are none more will-
ing than he and his associates of the committee
to do what is expedient and right in reference to
the subject-matter of the petition. For these con-
siderations, I shall myself vote against the recon-
sideration,
Mr. EVANS moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table-, which was agreed to.
'                        ORDERS OF THE DAY.
i     The hour of one o'clock having arrived,
The CHAIR announced the special order,being
the appropriation bills.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rule for the
purpose of considering the report of the Commit-
tee of Elections on the contested election from
i North, Carolina.
1 Mr. GRAYSON moved to amend the motion
by suspending the rules, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with the reception and disposition of peti-
tions; which was agreed to.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. CLARK presented the memorial of a pub-
lic meeting of sundry citizens of Dauphin county,
Pennsylvania, held at Harrisburg, praying Con-
gress to make an appropriation for the purpose
of removing to the coast of Africa free negroes
and manumitted slaves; and that if, in the opinion
of Congress, the Constitution should not author-
ize the appropriation, such  measures may  be
taken to procure an amendment of that instrument
i as may be calculated to insure the objects of the
i memorialists.
Mr. C. moved that the memorial be referred to
select committee and printed.
Mr. PATTON moved to lay the memorial on
the table, together with the motion to print and
commit; and that motion was the pending one.
Mr. DENNY asked the general consent of the
House to move that the whole subject be post-
poned till Monday next, as his colleague [Mr.
Clark] was unavoidably absent; which was ac-
corded, and the motion was agreed to.
Petitions and memorials were then presented by
Messrs, EVANS, SMITH, MASON, PAIR-
FIELD, JARVIS, and BAILEY, of Maine;
Messrs. PHILLIPS, CUSH1NG, ADAMS,
JACKSON, BORDEN, and REED, of Massa-
chusetts;
Mr. PEARCE of Rhode Island;
Mr. TOUCEY of Connecticut;
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont;
Messrs. P. C. FULLER, WARDWELL,
GILLET, LANSING, TURR1LL, BROWN,
RUSSEL, CAMBRELENG, HARLT, HAZEL-
TINE, CHILDS, and LEE, of New York;
[Mr, Wardwell presented several memorials,
asking for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at the mouth of Big Sandy
creek, in Mexico Bay, on Lake Ontario; also, a
memorial for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at Cape Vincent, county of
Jefferson, New York; also, for an appropriation
for the erection of a light-house on Stony Point,
in the county of Jefferson.
Mr. Gillet presented the petition of Andrew
McCollum, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained during the last war; also, the petition of
Amos W. Brown, praying the payment of his
back pay as a Canadian volunteer. Mr. Gillet
also presented the resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of New York, instructing the Sena-
tors from that State to vote for expunging the
resolution of the Senate, condemning the Presi-
dent of the United States for removing the pub-
lic deposits; which resolutions were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Childs presented a memorial praying for
the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia, signed by 1,557 persons,
inhabitants of the county of Monroe, State of
New York.
I Mr, Hard presented the following: three peti-
tions of inhabitants of Niagara and Orleans coun-
ter, in the S'ate of New York, praying the cstab-
LshmLiU of o mail i oute ft om Youngs town, in Nia-
gara county, through Wilson, Kempville, Somer-
set, Yates," Ei«t and West Carlton, to Garius, in
{ the county of Oilcans: four petitions from inhabit-
ants irr the counties of Erie and Niagara, praying
i the establishment of a mail route from Lockport,
Niagara county, to Akson,in Eric county; pro-
ceedings of a public meeting of inhabitants of
Oilcans county, on the subject of memorializing
Cingress frr an appropriation for the construc-
tim of a l.rrbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard
creik, oi L.iku Ontario.
Mr. Russell presented a petition of Charles
Hatch aod others, of the county of Essex, in the
1 State of New Yoik, praying an appropriation for
the construction of a military road from White-
hall to Plattsburgh.in said State; and,also, pray-
ing an appropriation for improving the navigation
of Lake Champlain; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce and the Committee on
Roads and Cnnah, with instructions that the
Committee on Roads and Canals inquire into the
expediency of making an aproprlation for con-
structing a military or public road on the west
side of Lake Champlain, upon the most direct
route from Whitehall, in the county of Wash-
1 ington, to Pittsburgh, in the county of Clinton,
in the State of New York.
Mr. Gideon Lcc moved that the document-
now on the files of the House relative to the erec-
tion of an addition \1 public store, a sea-walls
breakwater, and other improvements on the
public property on Staten Island, in the port of
New York, be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means; which motion was adopted.
Mr. Gideov Leg presented the petition of
George lanes, praying for compensation for ser-
vice performed by him in the collection of the
revenue; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.]
Mess^.BANKS.MUHLENBERG, ANTHO-
NY, BUCHANAN, and BEAUMONT, of Penn-
sylvania.
[Mr. Buchavav presented a memorial adopted
at a meeting at Conncllsville, of a large and re-
spectable number of the citizens of Fayette
county, Pennsylvania, on the subject of the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia. He
observed, the memorial had been in his posses-
sion for some time, but he was prevented from
presenting it before this time on account of per-
sonal indisposition. He further stated that, what
might appear extraordinary in a paper of this
kind, coming from the north of Mason and Dix-
on's line, it was dpcidedlyin favor of rejecting all
petitions on the subject convng from any quarter
without the bounds of the District, and contained
some cogent arguments in favor of that position.]
Messrs. TURNER, HOWARD, McKIM, and
JENIFER, of Maryland.
[Mr. Turner presented the memorial of a large
and respectable portion of the citizens of Harford
county, Maryland, praying that an appropriation
may be made for removing obstructions at or near
the head of the bay below the port of Havre De
Grace, and causing the channel to be deepened.
Mr. T. said: Mr. Speaker, the substance of this
memorial is of such a character, that it speaks
for itself; but I cannot forbear saying that the
magnitude and importance of its object are such
as redound to the credit of the memorialists. The
enterprise is one which, if carried itjto effect, wiH
do much to promote the interest, not only of the
citizens of Havre De Grace and its vicinity, but
of the citizens of the great States of Pennsylvania
and' New York, by creating an export market
immediately at the mouth of this magnificent
river, where all the great mass of produce that
descends the Susquehanna for hundreds of miles
from the interior of a rich and fertile country
abounding in wealth must concentrate, aiid ulti-
mately make the town of Havre De Grace what
it ought to have been years ago. I therefore move
that the memorial be referred, without reading,
to the Committee on Commerce, under a full
assurance that they will give it that due consid-
eration that its importance demands.]
M. ssrs. JOHN Y. MASON, LOYALL, TAL-
IAFERB.0, and MERCER, of Virginia.
