1636.
TfOE> CONQRES^ONAI/ ©LOBE.
838
tímate , given to Mich deceased persons, nava beca lost or
d*. ^troj ed
On mition by Mr. TRY, it was
Res>lieá, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions b in-triuteil to inquire intothe evpedieory ol plieing
the mine o Robert Mc^nane, of Fit cue county, Pennsvl
v  in upon the roll ot p n inner , under the let of June 7,
1333, granting pensions to othcers and soldiers of the revo
luunnan war
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
Resoleeit, T'iat the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed I  inquire into the propriety ot allowing to the
heirs o Lip un Ps v tnn * -in~, mil to the heir  of Major
Kob-rt Po« II the pi\ tint th \n re entitled toas officers
ot the R \olution iml tor am other military services ren-
dered by the said Captain Nathan ¿an* and Major Robert
Powell
On motion by Mr  DUNL \P, it was
Raoletd, lint the Coinmttee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to niquire nit i tUi exp-dieney ot paj ing Col-
onel Clem lit MeDimel, i   Sn Ibj < ountj, Tennessee, ibr
his «ervice^ i> an o^i i r in tlie r \oluti inary war
On motion by Mi SHIELDS, it was
Keso/rid,Tiiattlie Conuuittci on the Post Office and Post
Roads beni'-tru ^ed to inquire into t'ie expediency of e lab-
lishin  a po t roid iroui \Va\ ne boT>u.!h, Tenne^ee, by
David Galialier's and Pin Hook, in Wi\ ne couiltv, in said
State, to the linck House in ilardin county, ui said state,
on the stage road trom ta\annali, Tciniessee, to I lorence,
Alabama.
On motion by Mr GARLAND, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads bu insf ucted t > inquire into the expediency of
establishing a po*t route trom Ham onbuisj in the pinsn
ot Catafaoola, b> Deer creek and the Itnvou Macon, to Lake
Providence, in the parish ot Carroll, in the btate ol Louiei
ana.
Mr. CARTER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies over one day.
Rnohed, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House such information as may be in
his posse *ion ib relation to the different *-ues or location of
iron ore ht for cisting military and nival ordnance, and
also his opinion and views on the policy and expediency
ol instituting asunreyot the different sections of the United
States, to ascertain the location or sites of such iron ore ht
for such purposes
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it
was
Renhei, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making appro
prraions tor the surveys ot the following river*, preparatory
to the improvement thereof for the purposes ot navigation,
to wit the Mississippi river at the rapids of the Des Moine,
and the rapids at Itoek Island, the Des Home river, from
it month to the head of the rapids thereof, of the Skunk
river, trom its mouth to the mills of Jones & Co , of the
Iowa river, trom its month to the western boundary of the
purchase oí 18J3, ol the Rock river, from its mouth to the
mouth of the Pieketomcd, ot the Picketonica, trom its
mouth to the forks thereof, of the VVi-consui and Fox rivers
to the portage ot the two nvcrs
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lands be in
structed to inquire into theexpediency of extending the pro
visions of an act entitled "An act to authorize the inhabitants
ot the S tale ot Louisiana to enter the back lands," approved
on the ljth of June, 18J2, lor the term of one year trom the
loth of June next, and into the expediency of modifying
the said act so as to authorize those claimants who maj not
be able to obtain the quantity of land embraced in their
front tracts, by reason of bends in the water courses, bor
dering on their said front tracts, or from oilier cause, to lo-
cate the quantity of land of whieh they may be so deprived
on other lands ot the United States, in the vicinity of those
claims.
On motion by Mr. LAY, the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Tuesdat, March 8, 1836
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the resolution of the Senate, a state-
ment prepared by the Treasurer, of the balances
in the deposit banks.
Also, a report from the same Department,
transmitting statements of the affairs of the de-
posit banks up to the 1st of February last
Mr CLAY presented a memorial from a com-
mittee of managers of the marine hospital at
Louisville, Kentucky, praying for aid from Con-
gress for that and other institutions of a similar
character on the western waters, and after a few
remarks from Messrs. CLAY, DAVIS, BEN-
TON, and PORTER, the memorial was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and oidered to
be printed.
Mr. LEIGH presented the petition of the heirs
of General William Campbell, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr TOMLINSON, the report
of the Secretary of the Navy, on the subject of
the harbor of Bridgeport, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
THE PENNSYLVANIA QUAKERS   MEMORIAL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the memorial of the Society of Friends of Lan-
caster county, Pennsylvania, on the subject of
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia,
Mr. GRUNDY observed that he did not intend
to go into a full examination of the subject. His
design was barely to express his opinions upon
the different topics that had been discussed, and
assign some of the reasons upon which those
opinions were founded. At the commencement
of the present session of Congress, it was his
impression that no discussion on the subject
ought to take place, and he had acted under that
impression, and had accordingly, when the first
petition for the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia was presented by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,] he (Mr. G.) had
moved to lay it on the table; which motion was
sustained by the Senate. His intention then was
to prevent debate or discussion, and he still en-
tertained the opinion that, had that course of
proceeding been acquiesced in by other Senators,
it would have been the wisest and most prudent
course that could have been pursued. He was
aware that great excitement had existed during
the last summer in the slaveholding States, but
so strong and emphatic had been the language
and conduct of the citizens of the non-slavehold-
mg States, that all danger and apprehension of
danger seemed to him to have been dissipated,
and the effect of a discussion here could only be,
to excite the Abolitionists to further action, and
produce alarm in the slaveholding States.
The citizens of Boston, New York, Utica, Al-
bany, Philadelphia, and all the principal cities to
the East, as well as the cities of the West, in the
non-slaveholding States, had come forward and
placed themselves in opposition to the mad
schemes of the Abolitionists. Mr. G. was of
opinion that they had manifested such a disposi-
tion to prevent injury to the slaveholding States,
as to afford a sufficient guarantee that they would
discharge all the duties and obligations which
they owed to the citizens of the slave States
Shortly after the commencement of the session,
a discussion, contrary to his wishes, had com-
menced and been carried on, and it was therefore
proper that he should depart from his ori^iml
determination, and participate in a debate w inch
had been introduced and persevered in by others.
But he should studiously avoid increasing that
excitement which this debate had produced, either
here oi elsewhere. So far as was practicable,
be would avoid irritating either members here or
those not entitled to a seat on this floor. The
people of the United States enjoy more liberty
and prospenty than any other people on earth.
All the benefits possessed by them have grown
up tinder the Constitution and form of Govern-
ment under which they live. Any act which will
endanger the Government or Constitution should
be carefully avoided.
Mr. G. said he thought he was not mistaken
when he declared, that the moment the citizens of
the non-slaveholding States should, in violation
of the Constitution, lay their hands on the prop-
erty of the slaveholding States, the citizens of
the latter would instantly consider the Union dis-
solved and the Government at an end. They
could no longer confide in a Government which,
instead of protecting, plundered them of their
property. The right of property in slaves is
guarantied to the citizens of the States where
slavery exists by the Constitution, as fully as the
right to any other species of property; and should
the non-slaveholding States at any time violate
these guarantees in so important a particular as
this, it would be such a departure from the
great principles of the compact, that the injured
party would at once be absolved from all the ob-
ligations it imposes on them   It would be impos-
sible tamely to submit to it. The citizens of the
slaveholding States, therefore, intreat those of
the non-slaveholding States to step forward and
put down this spirit ot abolition, before it pro-
duces the ruin of this Government. Mr. G. re-
marked, that, while speaking thus freely and
frankly, he did not wish to be understood as
chiding them for not having done their duty.
He had seen with pleasure—he had rejoiced and
exulted at the evidence which had been af-
forded by the citizens of every non-slaveholding
State during the last fall, of their determination
to discharge their duty to the citizens of the
slaveholding States by putting down, by all
means in their power, every effort that might be
made by mistaken or misguided men upon this
subject. They had manifested a soundness of
public opinion, and a determination to preserve
the union of the States and the rights of citizens
as enjoined by the Constitution of the country.
Mr. G admitted that the duty which had already
been performed and still to be perfoimed by them,
was a hard and unpleasant one These Aboli-
tionists reside among them. They are their
neighbors—still they, and they only, have the
power to put down that spirit which endangers
the prosperity and safety of the slaveholding
States. The Abolitionists are amongst them
There they have to be met. There the battle has
to be fought. They are beyond our reach. If a
straggler comes amongst us propagating his in-
surrectionary and incendiary doctrines, he is sent
away with an admonition winch will prevent his
return. Tins is dono in defense of ourselves
No other way is known by which the mischief,
growing out of this plan of abolition, can be pre-
vented. Therefore, as we have no power to
reach these Abolitionists, as we cannot prevent
their incendiary publications, we ask our biethrcn
of the Noi th and East to persevere in thejr efforts
in putting down the labois of these men, which
must terminate, unless they are arrested, in the
destruction of ourselves and families. If a man,
whether madman, fanatio, or worse than eithtr,
shall be seen approaching a neighbor's house
with a lighted torch to consume it, ought not all
good men to arrest him and prevent the mischief
It therefore seems (said Mr. G.) that too much is
not asked, when we say to our friends at the
Noi th that it is their duty to adopt such means as
will prevent the threatened danger.
Congress can do little on tins subject. It may,
and it is hoped wilt, prevent the r.rculation of
these incendiary publications, and pictorial repre-
sentations, through the medium of the public
mails, but still there are other means by which
they can be circulated. That this Government,
designed for the protection of the States and their
citizens, does not possess a competent power to
prevent the circulation of these publications
through the mail, is an opinion which I cannot
entertain. That it does possess this power he
hoped to be able to demonstrate whenever the
bill upon that subject came up for consideration.
It seems to be yielded, that the States possess the
entire control over the subject of slavery within
their respective limits. But it is insisted that
Congress ought to interfere and abolish slavery
within the District of Columbia, and this is the
object prayed foi by these petitioneis. He would
not go into an examination of the constitutional
power of Congress. For his own part, he should
consider himself as culpable were he to vote for
such a measure, if the constitutional powei ex-
isted, as were he to vote for it in the absence of
such power. He considered the faith of the Gov-
ernment pledged not to interfere with this subject
in this District, and the faith of the Government
should be preserved as sacredly as the Consti-
tution.
When application was made to Virginia and
Maryland for a cession of this District, was it sup-
posed by either of those States, or any citizen in
them, that the abolition of slavery was to take
place here, or that this District was to be used
as a means of rendering of no value this species
of property' Could it be believed that, if the
General Goveinment had intimated such an inten-
tion, a cession from either of the States could ever
have been obtained? This no man can believe.
If this be so, would not this Government be justly
chargeable with Punic faith >   Were they now to
