236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
were in th   In' it of Invnsr thei   sons, brothers,
and Kn "ii ii i du  it d it Wibt Point
/ , e' I lilt the rrpirt of the scl-ct committee ap-
pi i t (I du mi"- theli ti meros to mve-tisate the afiair-
<it the Ut-tlomt Militan Aendi im l)( withdraw n from
tm PI    , u il 111 it tin thoii-.mil copie  tlierLOt be printed
Mi   II. asked foi  the yeas and navs on his
motion to suspend, which the House refused to
oidi r   and the motion was negatived without a
count
JSOUTH CAROLIN V CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House took up the motion of Mr Spwo-
ifr to leeonsidi r the vote whereby the motion
of Mr Bvviv, that the petitioner, David New-
land,have leave to appear and address the House
bv counsel   w is rejecte d
Mr SP •i'YGLER called for the \ eas and nays
on his motion; which were ordeied
Mr & sud it had not been his intention to de-
bate the question of the contested election before
the House, nor w as it then his intention to do so,
further than to state, in a ft w woids.the reasons
which had induced him to mike the mo'ion for a
reconsidt ration of th< \ote wheiebv the House
had determined, on Saturday last, that it would
not permit the petitioner to be lit aid by counsel
As lie had stated, when he made the motion to
reconsider, he had \oted with the majority on
that occasion He had done so without having
given much examination and but little reflection
on the subject. He had since become satisfied
that he had voted eironeously, and he wished to
have an opportunity of making known to the
House and to his constituents the conviction that
he had voted erroneously on that question He
had not the vanity to suppose that, with that
motion, or anything he could say, he could in-
fluence the opinions of any gentleman. He was
too humble and obscure an individual to influence
the opinions of gentlemen upon that or any other
question, but he wished to change his vote and
make known to the House that he had changed
his opinion After the vote had been taken on
Saturdav, upon the proposition to allow the peti-
tioner to De heaid by counsel, and it had been re-
jected, a gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Btnlm] rose, and stated to the House, and no
doubt correctly, that the precedents showed that
in eve y case like the one before the House,
where counsel had been asked, it was always
granted. He took it for granted that that gen-
tleman wascorrect, and if such be Ü 'act, he was
unwilling, bv any act of his, to reverse the dt cis-
10ns of the House, heretofore made in cases simi-
lar to the one then bef ire them He saw no good
reason ior departing from precedents heretofore
had on similar occasions. One reason why he had
changed his opinion was, that he had no doubt that
the decisions heretofore had were made from good
and sufficient reasons, and until some reason could
be shown for departing Trom those precedents, he
was unwilling to make the pending case an ex-
ception from all others. But there was another
fact disclosed, which, to his mind, furnished
additional reasons why the House should adhere
to former practices, and one of which he was not
apprised, which was, that the petitioner did not
belong to that profession which would place him
on something near an equality with the sitting
member, provided he could be admitted. And it
had been truly remarked on a former day, that
if the petitioning gentleman did not possess that
qualification, the privilege of being heard would
be useless to himself and useless to his constit-
uents Such being the case, he confessed that
he was dissatisfied with the vote which had been
gnen; he honestly believed that he had voted
erroneously, and he wished to let his constituents
know that he was dissatisfied with that vote. He
would embrace the present oppoitunity of stating
to the House that on yesterday, after he had sub-
mitted the motion for a íeconsideration, he was
lequcsted by the petitioner to withdraw it, the
petitioner stating to him that he had informed his
eouiiM 1 that his services would not longer be re-
qum d, and had di&charged him. He made that
tt ii inentm fairness to the petitioning gentleman,
but nevertheless he could not withdraw his mo-
tion. He had two objects in submitting the mo-
tion one was, so far as his vote was concerned,
to extend to the petitioning gentleman the benefit
of being heard by counsel; the other was, as he
had before stated, that he believed the vote reject- I
ing counsel wis wionsr, and that if a majority of
the House would concur with him, tliey would
reverse that decision That decision had been
leeorded on the Jouina's by yeas and nay3, and
would go to posterity as the decision of the House
on that veiy important question. He was un-
willing, so far as his vote was concerned, that
that di cisión should remain, and therefore he
wished it reveised. His feelings would have in-
duced him to comply with the request of the
petitioner in withdrawing his motion to recon-
sider, if he could have done so with propriety,
but as it was, he could not consent to do so. He
had not risen for the purpose of detaining the
House with a speech; it was what he had never
yet done. He had stated the reasons why he
could not withdraw his motion to reconsider. He
wished an opportunity of changing his vote, and
it would be for other gentlemen to determine
whether the vote of Satuiday last was right or
w i o n g
Mi GRENNELL said the vote upon the ques-
tion was so full, and apparently so decided, that
he had supposed it would stand as the judgment
of the House deliberately foimed That vote had
been take n notw ithoutconsideration,andnot until
reftrence had been made to parliamentary prece-
dents It had been taken aftei all those measures
of inquiry, investigation, and argument usually
resorted to on such occasions. He would have
no objection toa reconsideration of the vote, if the
object was to enable the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr Spavglfr] to have an opportunity to change
Ins vote, but it seemed to him, that a due regard
to the public business íequired them to stand by
the decision of the House on Saturday last, unless
for good and sufficient reasons It had been said
that former decisions were in favor of giving
counsel to persons petitioning in such cases He
must say, however, that since he had the honor
of a seat in that House, many cases of contested
elections had been before them, and in some of
those cases both parties were not of that profes-
sion which it was argued gave peculiar advant-
ages, and he had never known the request made,
and he had never known it extended to either
party. But gentlemen had gone back for twenty-
five or thirty years to find piecedents Whatever
might have been the policy of granting counsel |
at an eaily period of the Government, he would
not attempt to inquire. A gentleman on a former
day had given reasons which lie consideied good
ones; that at that time the House was not com-
l' posed of so many members, and not having such
I a press of business upon their hands as at pres-
I ent Was it any reason why counsel should
I be admitted, because the petitioner was not a
member of the legal profession' He had yet
|! to learn that belonging to that profession con-
I fers upon him or takes from him anything which
I belonged to him.* The petitioner, of whom he
would speak with respect, came there with the
voice of but one half of the legal voters of his
district, and it was decidedly wiong to suppose
that he came there as the legal Representative
of forty or fifty thousand voters. He came there
claiming a seat, because it was an honorable sta-
tion; a more honorable one he did not know of
But if he took his seat, he would be a law-ma-
ker, not merely for his own distnct, but for the
whole people He would not merely be the rep-
resentative of that district, but would also in a
measure be the representative of Mr. G. 's con-
stituents. It was taking a very narrow view to
suppose that it was a mere peisonal matter be-
tween the petitioner and the sitting member. He
was apprised that a seat on that floor gave him a
character and dignity greater than his being the
organ of forty thousand of his constituents. He
took a more extended view of the matter than
that. He did not wish to see the relation of
client and advocate on the floor, as in the case of
a court and jury, and for that House to listen
day after day to the arguments of a retained and
hned counselor. He wished to hear no gentle-
man there who did not owe fidelity to that Con-
stitution which, as a member of that House, he
had sworn to maintain. He would not, by Ins '
vote, permit a man to come there to address that I
House who owed no other fidelity than to his
client     Thev  might  find it unpleasant,  if not
painful. Suppose a counselor admitted to make
a constitutional argume nt with the nieiibeis of
the House, would not the Chair be in an unpli as-
ant situation > Suppose the coun->elot introduced
should transgress the rules of order, how would
you make him submit to those rules of order' If
you would tell him he must keep within your rules,
he would demur at once. He would say he was not
a member of the House, but that he was a priv-
ileged counselor. Without going into a detail
of the inconveniences, Mr. G put it to the House
to say whether it would be decoious, not only to
themselves, but to the constituents whom they
represented, to peimitsueh a relation to exist
When constitutional que stions were to be dis-
cussed by them, they luid no interest to bias
them, and the presumption was that there were
enough to discuss every question of constitution
and law, without the aid of retained counselois.
The more he looked at it, the more he was sat-
isfied that they should not permit the petitioner
to have counsel. Was the petitioner to suffer in
consequence of the refusal ' He wanted to know
how' Ithad been said, that the sitting member
was a lawyer, and able to advocate his own cause,
while the petitioner was not. He thought nothing
the less of the petitioner because of that It had
been remarked truly, the other day, that there
were gentlemen eminently qualified to argue and
settle any constitutional question which might
come before them, without going through a legal
course of study and practice. The petitioning
gentleman had nothing to fear, as there were
enough of his friends to debate any constitutional
question.
The CHAIR here informed the House, that the
hour had arrived for proceeding to the special
order of the day.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD moved that the rules
be suspended for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the contested-election question;
which was disagreed to.
NEW YORK RELIEF BILL.
Mr LAWRENCE said it was now between
two and three months since a bill had been re-
ported to that House for the relief of the sufferei s
by fire in the citv of New York, and it was
hoped by the friends of the measure that it would
have been acted upon long ago. The tune had
now arrived, as he remaiked the other day, that
those who had suffered by that calamity should
know what they had to depend upon fiom that
House, and he now rose, thiowing himself upon
its indulgence, in behalf of these sufferers, asking
the House to sustain him in the motion he was
about to make, for the purpose of taking up that
bill, and making, he hoped, a final disposition of
it that day. He was assured the friends of the
bill had no desire to debate it further Mr L.
then made the motion indicated, that the rules
of the House be suspended for the purpose of
taking up the bill for the relief of the sufferers by
fire in the city of New York
Mr PE\RCE, of Rhode Island, was under-
stood to express a hope that the House would
delay acting on the bill till some further informa-
tion had been furnished.
Mr. C \MBRELENG would only remark that
the public inteiest was as deeply interested in
this bill as in the special order, and he hoped the
motion would prevail.
Mr. HARDIN asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and the result of the vote
was—yeas 138, nays 67, as follows-
YE\S — Me -r~ Ydam-, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthonv, A--11, A-lilev, Baile}', Banks, Barton, Beard-ley,'
Bockee, Bond, Boon, Borden, Bouldin, Briggs, Brown, Bu
chañan, William B Calhoun, Cambreleng, Carr, George
Chamber-, John Chamber-, Clnpin, Childs,Cleveland, Cof-
fe i, Corn in, Craia, Cramer, Crane, Cushme, Davi=, Dicker
«on Diek-on,Doubledav, r>rom"oole, Dunlap,Evan- Ever
ett, Fairfield, Farlin, Frene-h, Philo C Fuller, William K.
Tuller, James GuKind, Hice G irland, Gillel, Glascock,
Gransci, Grcnn.ll, Ilalej, Hiland Hall, Hamer, Hard, Har
per, Albert G Hain-on Havne-, Haz Itme, Hcndcr-on,
Hei-ter Hoar Howard Howell, Hublev, Hunt, Huntinston,
Huntsman, In^er-oll, Jrmham, William Jackson, Jo eph
Jackson, Jane-, Jarvi-, Richard M Jolui-on,CaveJohn-on,
Henrj Johii-on, Jud-on, Kennon, kilgore, Lane, Lan-ing,
Lawr nee Lav, Gideon Lee, Jo-hua Lee. Tiloma- I ee,
Leonard Lincoln. Love, L\on Abijan Mann, Minninjr,
William Mason, Mo-es Ma-on, ¡Simp-on Ma-on, Mcken-
non, McKcon, Mckim, Mercer, Miller, Milli<ran, Moore,
M jlikiibcrg,Pi=>e,r\u ,ci Iutter-nn, I'he'p , Phillip-.Pott-,
Reed Jo epliRe\nnld- R ple\ Ru c!l Schenck William
B Hirpa d. \u?u-,tinc II Shepperd Shinn, bickJeA, Made,
