238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
was assured, was in favor of it.  The very fact of
the lar^e citus coming forvvaid only with resolu-
tions instead of mom.y was a pioof that thi y
expected tneir representatives to act upon the
subiect, foi thev had sent those lesolutions to
tluiii Mr "5 aKo replied to the atguimnts of
Mr Pe \Rt t. and cuten d into a succinct defence
ot the pi limpies and piovisions of the lull
Mi Pi; UK E, of Rhode Island, replied to
Messis Jt dson and bcTHLBLA\D,and those gi n-
tltmen biuflv i opined
Mr CHAMBERS again opposed the bill at
considerable length, on tht ground he bel ne main-
tained, that the bill providid toi those who had
sustained no loss, and entered into a minute ex-
amination of its vanous details.
Mi TOUCEY said he was convinced that the
discussion had been protracted to an unprofitable
lenetli, and that it was time it was disposed of,
and he thereiore demanded the previous question
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
an adjournment, which was not earned—ayes 66,
noes not counted.
The previous question was then seconded by
the House, tellers being appointed, wmch was
earned—ayes 106, noes 58.
On ordenng the main question to be put,
Mr. EVERETT called tor the veas and nays,
but they vveie not ordered, and the main question
was ordeied to be put without a count.
The main question was on the passage of the
bill, and on that question
Mr. HOPlvINib asked for the yeas and nays,
which were oidered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 94; as follows.
VE\S — Me-srs Adams, Heinan Allen, Anthonv, Ash,
Bailey, Banks, Barton, Beardsley, Bockee, Biurg-, Brown,
VYuliiiui B Ldlhoun, ( ainbrclciig, Chapín, Cnild-, < leve
land, Coffee, Coi win, Crimer, Crane, tu~hmg. Dailington,
Dieker-on Dcmbleda- , Evans, Fairfield r ulin, Plnlo I
Fuller, V\ ílliain K 1 uller, Rico Garland, Gillett, Glas-
cock, Granger, Giantland, Greunell, Ilakj, ¡laid, Harper,
Havue^, II izcltme, llcuder-ou, Ilcistcr, Hoar, Ilolcfv,
Ho lid, Howell, Hublev, Hunt, Hunnngton, Hunt-man,
fnger-oli, Ingham Jibe/ Jack=on, Janes, Jam-, Riehard
M Johnson, e, av e J ohnsoii, Ilenrv Johnson, Jud-on, Ken
non, kilgore, Lane, Lan-ing, Law lence, Lav, Gideon Lee,
Jo-hua Lee,Ti)omdoLee, Leonard,Lincoln,Lo\ ™, Lovall,
Lvon, \bjali Minn, Manning, William Maori, Mo-es
Mason Snmp-oi \h>on, Mckennan, Mckcon, McKim,
Mercer, Millar, Milligan, Moore, Mualenberg, Owens,
1'age, Parke i, Patterson, Pliclpo, I'nillip-, 1'oa., Heed, Jo
sepli Rivnold-, Roger-, Ru—ell, Painn, '•icMt-, '¡lade,
Smith, ispangli i, fct el< , Storer, f-uthcrl lnd, Tavlor, John
Thomson, loucv, Towns, Turrill, Vandeipoil, Vinton,
W ard, and \\ ardncll—114
Nl\6—Me--r0 Chilton Allan, Ashlev, Beale, Bean,
Beau 10 it, B II. Bond, Boon, Borden, Dou'din, Boyd,
Bunch, Jo'in tal'ioon, Campbell, Carr, Cartel Ca-ev,
Geo'gi, til miner-, John Chambers, Chapman, Nathaniel
il. C/aiborne, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cushman, Davis, De
Uerry, benny, L-ic& on, Dio n¿oole, Dunlap, Evuett, For
e Ur, Trenc !, Tiy, Gi'braith, James Garland, Graham,
Grav s, Gra\-on, Gnfnn, Joseph Hill, Hainer, Hannegan,
Hardin H irlm, Samuel S Harrison, Albert G Ham-on,
Hiv\e=, Hawkin=, Hopkins, Jenifer, Jo-t ph Johnson, John
W. Joiu. , kinnard, klingensmith, Liwler, Luke Lea,
Lev is,Lo¿ m, Job Mann, Martin, John Y Al ison, Maurv,
MeCirtv, MeComis, McK i\ , McLene Montgomt rv, Mor
gao, Moiris, Parks, Patton, Dutee J Pearce, Franklin
Pi"rce, Peyton, Piekens, Rencher, John Revuold , Roane,
Rob rtson, Augustine 11 Slnpperd, Shield , stmd ter,
Thomis, fur it r, Underwood, Webster, Wei k-, WI ire,
Wlnttlesev, Lewis Williams, Sherrod W mmms md \\ i-e
—94
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island then moved
to amend the title of the bill, by stnking out " An
act for the relief of the sulfeiers by fire in the city
of New York," and inserting the following: " An
act to relieve and confer exclusive benefits upon
certain merchants and importers in the city of
New Yoik.''
Mr. WISE inquired of the Chair if that was a
debatable question?
The CHAIR replied that he supposed it was.
Mr. WISE then moved an adjournment; which
was negatived.
Mr. KENNON lose to a question of order
Tne previous question having been moved and
seconded, and the mam question carried, he could
not concf ive how any part of the bill could be
amended thereafter.
The CHAIR said it was the first time within
lus recollection that the question had been raised,
but his nnpiession was that the title was a distinct
pait of tin   bill
lhe amendment was then rejected, and the
ougitnl title agreed to.
I     On motion by Mr. VINTON,
The   House  adjourned,   at  quarter  past five
o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE
Wed\lsd4\, J\Ia)ch 9, 1S3G.
The CHAIR communicated a report fiom the
War Department, in answer to the i (.solution of
the fcenate of the 26th ultimo, containing the
mloimation required m lelation to the extinguish-
ment of the Indian title to lands in the v lcnuty of
Gieen Bay.
Also, a report fiom the same Department, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate, inquiring
the number and situation ot the Indians on the
frontieis, and the opinion of the Depaitnicnt as
to the expediency of increasing the present mili-
tary force for frontier defense, containing the
desired information.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, that portion of
the reports with respect to Indian affairs was
referíed to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and
that portion relating to the increase of the mili-
tary force, to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were sev-
eially read twice and íeftrred.
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small,
A bill for the relief of Rxuben Colburn;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Chaplin and others,
owners, dx., of the schooner Buflalo,
A bill for the relief of Henry Darling;
A bill granting pensions and arieaiage of pen-
sions to pf isons therein named;
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Wormstead
and others,
A bill for the relief of Abiel Roads and others;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Phillips and
others;
A bill for the relief of Joseph W. Green and
others;
A bill for the relief of George Gott and others,
A bill for the relief of Benjamin and Nancy
Merrill;
A bill for the íelief of Joseph Grcsham;
A bill for the lehef of William Bowman;
A bill foi tht íelief of citizens of the reserved
township, Monroe county, Indiana;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon & Co.,
New Yoik,
A bill foi the relief of Amy Wilson;
A bill foi the íclief of Doxtator and Weaver;
A bill for the lehef of the representatives of
Thomas Hahday;
A bill for the lelief of William Woodwaid and
William Mitchell;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Josias Thompson;
A bill for the relief of Gilbeit A. Smith and
I others,
A bill for the relief of Clark Allen;
A bill tor the relief of Samuel W. Ruff;
A bill foi the relief of the legal repiesentatives
of Dr. Absalom Baird, deceased,
A bill foi the relief of Daniel Smith,
A bill for the relief of John Dement;
A bill foi the relief of the hens of Nathaniel
Tyler, deceased,
A bill to authorize the conveyance of certain
lands belonging to Michigan, and
A bill to cany into effect the convention witii
Spain.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill for the relief of the legal repiesenta-
tives of James O'Hara, of Pittsburg, and
The bill authorizing the Secretary of War to
transfer a part of the appiopnations for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in Flondato the
credit of subsistence, were read the third time and
passed.
REPORTS AGREED TO.
The reports of the Committee on the Public
Lands unfavorable to the petitions of Peter Moore,
of certain inhabitants of Erie county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying foi a donation of land; the reports
of the Committee on Claims unfavoiable to the
petitions of Alphonso and of Richard Boon; and
the report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims unfavorable to the petition of the widow
of Colonel D. Pendleton, wre severally consid-
ered and agreed to
RETROCESSION OF THE DISTRICT.
The resolution submitted by Mi. Puestov, on
the suljectof a retrocession of the Distuctot Co-
lumbia to the States of Viigima and Maiv'ai d,
was, on motion bv Mi P postpo.nd to, and
mare the oidei ot the day foi, the fust Monday
in April next.
DELEGATE FOR THE DISTRICT.
The íesolution of Mr Kent, directing an m-
quny into the cxpt di< n<-y of allowing the DistuU
to be r< presente el by a Dc'egate. in Congress was
considered and agreed to
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which lies on the table one day:
Rcsohed, That the Committee on ( ommerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency ot making an appropria-
tion lor placing buoys in the ch mm 1 ol the Fox river,
thiough the Hits at Us entin ec into Gieen bav
Mr. BLACK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agiced to.
RcsoLed, That the Secretary oí the Treisury ín'orm the
Senate whetiiei the acts ot Congitss gi anting rights of pre
emption to «< ttlers inhabiting and enltiv mug the public
land-, at certain periods, hav  b < n 'o eon t tied as to ex-
tend to «ueli of the public I tnd« as had been offered for
sale, and were subject to entry at p,ivaic sale; and, it so,
to communicate sueh m mictions to the ¡Senate
Mr HUBBARD submitted the following reso-
lutions; which were consideied and agitcd to:
Retohcd, That the Committee on Pen-ions be instructed
to inquire into the expedimov of r< storing all tho-e now
living to the pension list under the act ot March, 1818, who
were stricken from «aid list in pur uinec ol the act ot May
1,1820, and in ca-e anv of said per oiw have obtained an
nuities under the act of June 7. 18^1 that «aid committee
be instructed to inqiiiic into the e\pi dienev of pioviding
bv law tor the pavment to such per ons the pen-ions to
which tliev would have been entitled if thev had not been
stricken l'om said pen ion h t. a ter deducting the amount
which they have leceived by virtue of the act ol June 7,
Revolted, That said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of providing, bv law, m case any per
sons wiio were stricken fiom the p^i^ion li t, in pur-u-
ance ot the act of Mav 1, lhdO, li >vi since that period died,
for the pavm°nt to their heirs of all arrearages to w Inch they
would have been entitled had said p^r-ons not been stricken
J rom said list
Mr. BLACK presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Mississippi, asking for
the establishment of certain new mail íoutes;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
BILLS  ORDERED  TO  A THIRD  RE\DING.
The following bills vveie severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to a third leading:
The bill making appropriations for deepening
the bar, and for the construction of a dry dock
at Pensacola;
The bill to authorize the selection of certain
lands in lieu of those granted to the State of Ohio,
and sold at public sale by the United States;
The bill for the completion of certain roads in
the Territory of Florida,
The resolution providing for the settlement of
the claims of John S. Stiles; and
The bill making an appiopnation for the com-
pletion of the title of the United StaUs to the
site for a light-house on Roanoke inlet.
THE PENNSYLVANIA QUAKER MEMORIAL.
The Senate then pioceedid to the unfinished
business, which was the question on íeceiving
the petition of the Society of Fi lends of Lancas-
ter, Pennsylvania, prajing for the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. C VLHOUN addressed the Senate at length,
and contended against the doctrine of the consti-
tutional injunction to leceive petitions as a matter
of right, and drew a distinction between the right
of presentation and the reception of petitions;
that, strictly, the pailiamentaiy rule requued a
motion to be made to receive petitions pus nted;
but, as a matter of convenience, the Chair usrally
dispensed with the necessity of that motion. The
right of petitioning could not be urged one inch
b< vond the right of presentation: vv ith this action
of the Senate commenced the rights of V. e Si nate;
and to urge the light of petitioning btjond pre-
sentation was expressly to encroach upon the
\
