240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
petition is presented to *nv tribuno!, m n case so
dear a* not to require deliberation, it is either dis-
respectful to th-' petitioners, or that it ¡iitnnges
the right of petition, to decide against us prayer
without delav.
Rut in th s ease powerful reasons exist wliy
tlie memorial ought not to be referred. Although
v e a'l agree tliat slavery ought not to be abolished
in the District ot Columbia, yet we arrive at this
coiK'Ins.on bv different coursi s of reasoning.
Before 1 presented tins memorial. 1 endeavorc tl
to ascertain from Senators whether it would be
possible to obtain a strong vote in favor of any
proposition more specific in us terms than that
now before the Senate. I found this would be
impossible I then made the motion to reject the
praver of the memorial after much deliberation.
1 found the Senate divided upon this subject
into four sections. One portion was opposed to
the prayer of the memorial, because, in their
opinion, it would be unconstitutional to grant it;
another, because it would violate our compacts
of cession with Virginia and Maryland; a third,
because it would be inexpedient and unjust to
abolish sla\erv in this District, while it exists
in the surrounding States; and a fourth, who
were unwilling to go even to this extent, but who
equally condemned its abolition at the present
moment. Here were the elements of discord.
While ail, or nearly all, are harmonious in their
conclusion that the prayer of the petition ought
not to be granted, their premises are far different,
My object was to ¡ret the strongest vote, for the
purpose of calming the agitation both in the
South and in the North. In order to accomplish
this purpose, my motion must be one on which
the largest majority could agree, and on which
eaeli member might vote for his own peculiar
reasons. I ask what motion could I have made
so well calculated to attain the end as the one
now before the Senate?
The amendment which has just been proposed
by the Senator from Kentucky will, I fear, prove
to be the apple of discord in tins body. It is too
strong a measure for one portion of the Senate;
whilst it is too weak for another. Those who
believe that we have no power, under the Con-
stitution, to abolish slavery in this District, will
not vote for the amendment, because it does not
recognize this principle; whilst such gentlemen
as deem it inexpedient at the present time to act
upon the subject, but who do not wish to commit
themselves for the future, will be equally opposed
to the reasons which this amendment assigns.
For my own part, individually, I should not ob-
ject to the amendment. I could most cheerfully
vote for all the principles which it contains. If I
believtd it would unite in its favor as large a
majority of the Senate as the motion which I have
made, unaccompanied by these reasons, it should
have my support. But this, I am convinced, will
not be the case; and my purpose is to obtain the
largest vote possible, because this will have the
strongest influence upon public opinion. It would
most effectually check the agitation upon this
subject.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) this question of domestic
slavery is the weak point in our institutions.
Tariffs may be raised almost to prohibition, and
then they may be reduced so as to yield no ade-
quate protection to the manufacturer—our Union
is sufficiently strong to endure the shock. Fierce
political storms may arise; the moral elements
of the country may be convulsed by the struggles
of ambitious men for the highest honors of the
Government—the sunshine does not more cer-
tainly succeed the storm than that all will again
be peace. Touch this question of slavery seri-
ously; let it once be made manifest to the people
of the South that they cannot live with us except
in a state of continual apprehension and alarm for
their wives and their children, for all that is near
and dear to them upon the earth—and the Union
is from that moment dissolved. It does not then
become a question of expediency, but of self-
preservation. It is a question brought home to
the fireside, to the domestic circle, of every white
man in the southern States. This day—this dark
and gloomy day for the Republic, will, I most de-
voutly trust and believe, never arrive. Although
in Pennsylvania we are all opposed to slavery in
the abstract, yet we will never violate the consti-
tutional compact which we have made with our
sister States. Their rights will be held sacred by
ns. Under the Constitution it is their own ques-
tion; and there let it remain.
On motion by Mr. MOilUIS, the Senate ad-
journed.        ___
IX SENATE.
TurusDAY, March 10, 1S3G.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Dont.i.sov, his Private
Secretary, itic'.oMiig a report from the Secretary
of State, with the proeei dings of a convention
In-Ill at Little Rock, in Arkansas, for the purpose
of forming a constitution and State government
for Arkansas, together with the constitution and
several accompanying documents.
Mr. BUCHANAN, at the request of the Dele-
gate from Aikansas, moved to refer the papers to
a select committee, to be raised for the purpose.
Mr. CLAYTON thought a reference to the
select committee appointed to consider the subject
of the admission of Michigan into the Union
would be preferable.
Mr. BUCHANAN pressed his motion, and
asked for the yeas and nays on it, which were
ordered; and the question was taken and decided
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthhert,
Evi inn of IISiiioi-s, Griinilv, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, Kin;
of Georgia. I.inn, McKean, Morris, Nicholas, Niles. liobin-
son, Kuisles, Shepluy, Talliuadge, Tipton, Wall, and
White-- .
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Davis,
Ewni2 of Ohio, Gokbborouirh, Kuisht. Lei«h, Naudain,
Porter, Prenti>s, Preston, Robbins, Southard, Swift, and
Toiulinson—IT.
Mr. BUCHANAN then, for the purpose of
postponing the balloting for the committee till to-
morrow, moved to lay the subject on the table;
which motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN REGISTERED SEAMEN.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Department of State, showing the number of
American seamen registered in each port of the
United States for the year 1836; and which, on
motion by Mr. DAVIS, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS,  MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented several peti-
tions from citizens of Ohio, praying that a change
may be made in the location of the Cumberland
road; and
Mr. MORRIS presented several memorials on
the same subject; both of which were referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented the peti-
tion of sundry citizens of that State, praying for
the establishment of certain post routes; also, the
petition of sundry citizens of Galena, on the sub-
ject of preemption rights; the first of which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and the second to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. NILES presented the memorial and re-
monstrance of sundry citizens of Danbury, Con-
necticut, engaged in the manufacture of hats,
against the renewal of the patent of Joseph Grant;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
REPRESENTATIVES OF   C. C. B. THOMPSON.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition
of the legal representatives of the late Captain
Charles C. B. Thompson, reported a bill for their
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
SUFFERERS BY THE NEW YORK FIRE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Fraxklin, their Clerk,
stating that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate for the relief of the sufferers by the late
fire in the city of New York, with certain amend-
ments, to which they asked the concurrence of
the Senate; and
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the bill was taken
up, and considered as in Committee of the Whole,
when Mr. W. moved that the Senate concur in
said amendments.
Mr. SOUTHARD wishing to have an oppor-
tunity of making himself acquainted with the
nature of the bill as modified by the House, it
was laid on the table, With an understanding to
take it up at as early a day as the business of the
Senate would permit.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to take up the bill to
settle and establish the northern boundary of the
Stati- of Ohio.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, opposed the motion,
on the ground that tin- Senate, after the vote taken
yesterday to receive the petition praying to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, was pledged
to take the vote on the question pending to re-
ject the prayer of the petition, r, in order that
"those who from a sense of duty \ otod to receive,
might now give the strongest, vote in opposition
to its object, lie showed the urgent necessity
there was for settling this agitating question in
the speediest and most decided manner; and sug-
gested that the Ohio bill could be taken up the
next day, as the abolition question, having been
sufficiently discussed, only required the vote on
the second and most important question (the first
having been taken) to end the subject.
Mr. EWING, after referring to the numerous
delays both in this and the other House, of the
Ohio bill, and the powerful reasons that existed
for settling the distracting controversy between
Ohio and Michigan, said that a strong sense of
duty constrained him to press the motion of the
Senator from Delaware. There was no danger of
this bill not passing both Houses of Congress if
it could be brought fairly before them, but it had
always been lost by being sent too late in the ses-
sion to the other House.
Mr. BROWN observed that gentlemen ex-
pressed great anxiety to allay the excitement in
the southern country, by giving some decided
vote on the question that had so long been dis-
cussed. Yesterday the debate was brought to a
close, the preliminary question taken, and the
one most important to the South yet remained to
be disposed of. He confessed he had heard with
no little surprise the motion of the Senator from
Delaware. Was there no way by which this
country was to be relieved from this agitating
subject of Abolition; and was it still to be kept
up without making one effort to put an end to it ?
He hoped that the Senate would see the necessity
of going on with the unfinished business, and
taking the question on the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, which all expected when they
voted to receive the petition.
Mr. CLAYTON had no idea thai the Ohio bill
would give rise to any discussion. It had been
sufficiently discussed at the last session; and,after
the two concurring reports that had been made
on it, he was not aware of any cause fur appre-
hending a debate that would delay or defeat the
object of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. MORRIS, after a few remarks, expressed
his intention of submitting an amendment to the
bill to establish the Ohio boundary, if it should
be taken up. He did not concur with the com-
mittee in their report, nor was he satisfied with
all the provisions of the bill.
Mr. LEIGH observed, that it had been urged
by the Senator from Alabama that he was anxious
to proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business, in order to put an end to the excitement
that had grown out of the subject so long dis-
cussed there. Whenever that subject came up,
there would be the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky, which was most probable would
lead to a further discussion To that proposition
he intended to submit another, by way of amend-
ment, and he wished the Senate to be full, when
it was made, which was not then the case.
There surely was no good reason why they should
lay aside a subject which had been debated for
months, and could be settled without discussion,
to hasten the action on one that would most
probably give rise to a debate.
Mr. BROWN remarked, that as to the Senate
being full at a particular time was a very uncer-
tain matter. It was true that some Senators
were then absent, but others might leave there on
their return. Indeed, he knew of some then there
who would necessarily be absent in a few days.
He thought the expectation of having a fuller
Senate was not a sufficient reason for delaying
the important question that remained to be de-
cided.
