246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
Mr KING moved for the printing of the me-
morial, and it* reference to the Committee on
Pmate Land Claims
Mr LINN expressed his surprise at the pre-
sentation of the memorial to the Senate after such
a lapse of time, and after the report of the com-
missioners, which was about to be acted on by
Congress The bill to confirm this report was
in such a situation on the general orders, that it
would have been reached before this but for the
protracted discussions which had occupied the
Senate on important matters; and he intended to
have moved to take it up to-day, but would be
presented from doing so by the understanding
that a final action was to be had on the abolition
memorial, which would most probably consume
the remainder of the day. He could not give his
assent that this memorial should interfere with
the passage of a bill so important to those he rep-
resented, indeed it ought not to have been pre-
sented to the Senate at all. It was the duty of
these memorialists to have presented theirclaims,
with the evidence in support of them, to the board
of commissioners while in session, who would
have givtn every attention to the subject that it
merited. Their failure to pursue this plain and
obvious course was certainly a good and sufficient
reason why the Senate should not listen to their
prayer.
Mr KING, of Alabama, replied, that he owed
it to himself to say, that he had no idea that
there was any fault belonging to this memorial,
or any reason -why it should not be presented It
had been handed to him by the memorialists,
who were residents of Arkansas, and consequent-
ly had no representative on that floor, with a
request that he would present it. Had they been
citizens of a State, he should certainly have sent
them to their representative; but, inasmuch as
they had no representative in that body, he felt
it his duty to comply with their request. They
represented to him that they had offered to sub-
mit their claims, with the evidence, to the board
of commissioners while in session, but were in-
formed that that was not the proper time to receive
them, and that, when the time arrived, they would
have due notice of it. This notice, perhaps in
consequence of the distance at which they lived
from the place of sitting of the board, they never
received. At all events, the commissioners ad-
journed without acting on their claims.
Mr. LINN said he had no intention of impu-
ting blame to the Senators from Alabama for pre-
senting the memorial; but he would observe that
the memorialists had stated what was not the
fact. He himself was a member of the board of
commissioners, and he knew that the memorial-
ists made no application to be permitted to pre-
sent testimony to rebut that before the commis-
sioners, but wanted to have an argument by
counsel. He had informed them tnat the com-
missioners would cheerfully receive all the testi-
mony they might offer, together with a written
argument, and give to them the most deliberate
consideration, but that they would not waste
time in listening for weeks to the arguments of
counsel about a matter they wanted to close at
once.
The petition was then referred, and ordered to
be printed.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration, as in Committee
of the Whole, of the bill making appropriations
for the repairs and continuation of the Cumber-
land road, in the Statesof Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Missouri, the question being on Mi Crit-
tenden's motion to strike out those words in the
bill declaring that the appropriation is made out
of the two per cent, fund íeserved for making
roads in the above States.
Mr. CLAY suggested to Mr. Crittenden to
■withdraw his amendment, which was done, when
Mr. C. offered an amendment making the appro-
priation for Indiana $250,000, and reducing the
appropriation for Illinois to $150,000, so that the
sum appropriated in the whole bill would be
$600,000.
Mr. C. adverted to the amount of appropria-
tions made in several preceding years, and stated
that the largest amount appropnated to this road
in any one year was $450,000, and the appropri-
ation about to be made now was $150,000 more
than that sum.
These amendments having been agreed to as
in Committee of the Whole, the bill was reported
to the Senate; and the question recurred on con-
curring with the amendments as agreed to in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BENTOIN observed that the State of Mis-
souu was as deeply interested in the bill as the
States of Ohio and Indiana. His State (he said)
was much dissatisfied with the slow progress
made in carrying this road to the Mississippi.
He was much surprised at the manner in which
gentlemen had agreed to the reduction of these
appropriations. He meant to record his vote in
opposition to the retardation of the road towards
the Mississippi, and on that question he called
for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
Mi PORTER, said, there was also consider-
able dissatisfaction among his constituents; but
it was caused by very difterent views from those
entertained by the constituents of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] They were in
Louisiana against taking the public funds for this
road, unless an appropriation was made in which
all the States could participate. They of the
Southwest were called upon to vote for an appro-
priation of $600,000 for a road in which they had
an interest so weak as to be virtually no interest
at all. The gentleman from Kentucky had said
he would bring forward a motion to make this
system of appropriation general throughout the
United States. He was gladta hear it, and hoped
he would do it now, as this was as good a time
as any to do it. Voting upon the two per cent,
fund was a mere delusion. He hoped the Sen-
ator fi om Kentucky [Mr Clay] would oppose
this bill now, unless it was made geneial
Mr. CLAY said, the question now before the
Senate was only a question of reduction from a
large to a smaller amount, and hoped the gentle-
1 man from Louisiana [Mr. Porter] would not
vote against that. But when the question came
to be taken upon the bill itself, perhaps it would
be w ell enough if the gentleman continued of the
same mind to vote against it.
Mr. PORTER said, he was not so well ac-
quainted with the rules as the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr Cut,] and had labored under
a misapprehension; but, if he had not confined
himself to the question before the Senate, he had
many illustrious examples before him
Mr. LINN. My friend from Louisiana [Mr.
Porter] complains of a vote given some days
since against an amendment offered to this bill
by an honorable member from Mississippi, [Mr.
Black,] which had for its object the making of a
great road through the States of Alabama and
Mississippi. The policy, expediency, or power
of Congress to make such an appropriation for
such an object was not, if I remember right, called
in question on that occasion. The question was,
simply, will the Senate, by adopting this amend-
ment, and others that would probably have been
proposed, consent so to load the bill as ultimately
to insuie its defeat'—for, if the amendment offered
by the Senator from Mississippi had prevailed,
my duty to my constituents would have obliged
me to propose another, having for its object an
appropnation to make the road tluough the State
of Missouri to its western boundary. Other
mmebers doubtless would have felt themselves
constrained to have pursued a similar course. It
became apparent to every friend of this great na-
tional work that this course would have insured
its certain defeat. Now, if the gentleman from
Louisiana is anxious his constituents should
enjoy a portion of the benefits of this road, all
he has to do is to vote a continuance of this great
highway through Missouri, Arkansas, and Lou-
isiana, on to the Gulf of Mexico, in the course
of which íoute it is or will be much wanted for
military purposes on account of our proximity
to the Mi xicans, and the vast hordes of Indians
thrown along our borders by the policy of the
General Government
Mr BENTON observed that the question was
now to concur in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole He did not concur in
them.    He had been laboring for years to get the
annual appropriation for this road increased, that
its progress might be accelerated, so as to arrive
at the Mississippi within the. time of those now
living. Heietotore tne money was not m the
Treasury to be spared to a &ufficicnt amount to
accomplish the object in view, but now, that the
Treasuiy was full, there was no earthly reason
why this great and necessary work should be de-
layed The people of Missouri were becoming
impatient on the subject, and he and his colleague
had for years been íeceiving petitions and memo-
rials of citizens, and resolves of their Legisla-
ture, earnestly asking for the completion of the
road. They had been endeavoring to act on
them, so as to carry these views into effect, and
now that they thought themselves safe, and
nearly at a successful termination of their labors,
they found the appropriations reduced by some
arrangement of which lie knew nothing. If there
had been no arrangement, he mistook the signs
evinced, and would take back his words.
The question was taken on concurring with the
amendments offtrcd by Mr. Clat, and made in
committee, and decided in the affirmative—yeai
29, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Black, Brown, Calhoun, CHv, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, L wing of Illinois, Ewingof Onio, Golda-
borough, Hendricks, Hill,King o1 Aldbama, King of Georgia,
Knight, Leigh, VIcKean, Naiidam, Nih «, Poiter, Premios,
Itobbms, Kobin'on, Swift, I'jplon, Tomlmaon, W alker,
W < b^tt r, .ind White—29
NA\ S—Messrs Benton, Buchanan, Cuthbert, Hubbard,
Linn, Moms, Ruggies, bheplej, Tdllmadge, Wall, and
Wright—11
The question on concurring in the remaining
amendments made in committee was taken, and
carried in the affirmative.
Mr. PORTER here submitted an amendment,
in substance the same as the one withdrawn by
Mr. Crittenden, viz: striking out the words in
the bill expressing that the appropnation was
made out of the two per cent, fund, reserved for
making roads in the said States.
Mr. P. said he would, at all events, try the
sense of the Senate by this motion It had been
admitted on all hands, that this two per cent, fund
had long ago been exhausted, and there seemec
to imply an absurdity that the money was ap
propnated out of this fund.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said that he had neve
admitted it.
Mr. PORTER and Mr. KING made some re
marks in opposition to each other in relation ti
the exhaustion of the two per cent fund.
Mr. HENDRICKS contended that the two pet
cent, fund would go far beyond the amount ex
pended on this road in the State of Indiana. And
as the gentleman fiom Alabama [Mr. King] had
said the road east of Wheeling was made more
for Kentucky and Tennessee than for Indiana,
he could not see the object of this amendment,
unless it was to make the bill less acceptable to
some gentlemen on the grounds of the com-
pact.
Mr. CLAY said, as there seemed to be some
inaccuracy in the minds of the Senators on this
subjeet, he would give a history of its origin and
progress. He then went into a detailed estimate
of the appropriations to the road, and the two
per cent fund, for the purpose of showing that
the fund was exhausted.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] bad fallen into the common
error of jumbling all the States immediately inter-
ested in this road together in making his applica-
tion of the two per cent. fund. Mr. E advanced
some reasons to show that there should be a dis-
tinction made, and that a separate calculation
should be made in reference to each State, which
would show a very different result from that to
which the Senator from Kentucky had arrived.
Mr. Porter's amendment was then rejected
by the following vote:
YE YS—Messrs Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clav, Clav-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Goldshorough, Hill, Hubbard, King
of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Naudain, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Robbing Swift, and Webster—21
Ai A Y8—Messrs Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, En ing of Illi-
nois, Fwing of Ohio, Grundv, Hendricks, King of A'abama,
Linn, Morns, Nicholas, Niles, Robinson, Rugglt- Sheplev,
Tallmadge, Tipton, Toinlmson, W dlker, Wall, White, and
Wright—Ü
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third  reading,  and
