1886.
the Congressional &ló&é:.
24?
decided in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays 16; as
follows:
YEAS—Me«rs. Benton, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tencl" , Cuthbert, Davis, Ewmg of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio,
GoliUborougii, Grundy, Hendricks, King ol Alabama,
Kmilit. Lmn. MeKean, Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Robbms,
Robinson, Taltmadge, Tipton, Tomlinson, Wall, Webster,
and Wright—27
\" VYS—Mcsrs. Black, Brown,Calhoun, Hill, Hubbard,
King ol Georgia, Leigh, Nauilam. Porter, Prentiss, Preston,
Buggies, Sheplcy, Swat, Walker, and White—16.
PENNSYLVANIA QUAKER MEMORIAL. '
On motion by Mr. LEIGH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the memorial of
the Society of Friends to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia. The question being on
Mr. Leigh's amendment to the motion of Mr.
Buchanan to reject the prayer of the memorial,
declaring that, in the opinion of the Senate,
Congress has no power to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia; when
Mr. LEIGH withdrew his amendment; and
The question recurring on Mr. Buchanan's
motion,
Mr. McKEAN moved to amend the motion by
striking out the words, " that the prayer of the
petition be rejected," and inserting the words,
" that it is inexpedient to legislate on the subject
of slavery in the District of Columbia."
This motion was rejected by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Hendricks and MeKean—2.
NAYS—Messrs, Benton, Black. Brown, Buchanan,Ctar,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewmg of Illinois, Ewine of
Ohio, Goldsborougt), Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Ala-
bama,KingofGeorgia, Knight, Lergh,Liiin, Nicholas, Niles,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Uob bins, Robinson, RuggIes,Shep-
ley, Swift, Talltnadge, Tipton, Tomlinson, Walker, Wall,
Webster, White, and Wright—37.
Mr. McKEAN submitted another amendment,
so as to make Mr. Buchanan's motion read as
follows:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to legislate on the subject
of slavery in the District of Columbia, and that the prayer
of the petition be rejected.
This amendment was also rejected by yeas and
nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ewing of Ohio, Hendricks, and Me-
Kean—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Beaton,Black, Brown, Buchanan, Clay, !
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewing of Illinois, Goldsbor-
ough, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, Nicholas, Niles, Porter, Pren-
tias, Preston, Robbms, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Swift,
Taltmadge, Tipton, Tomlinson, Walker, Wall, Webster.
White, and Wright—35.
Mr. McK. could not say that he was in the
feast disappointed at the result of the vote just
taken.    He had offered his amendments, so that
his vote on the motion of his colleague should not
be so construed as to place him in the attitude of
seeming to be opposed to slavery in the abstract,
or as manifesting an opinion that Congress had
no constitutional  power to legislate upon the
subject in this District. He had not assigned the
reasons for his amendment in detail, because it
might produce excitement.     After all he had ,
heard, he was of the same opinion he had been at
first, that it was inexpedient at this time to legis-
late on the subject.    He had satisfied his wishes j
for the present by having his vote recorded on I
the Journals.   He was now prepared to vote for
the motion made by his colleague.                         I
Mr. CALHOUN rose, to give the reasons
which induced him to avoid voting on the last
two questions. The Senate, in deciding that this I
petition should be received, established the prin-
ciple that they were bound to receive petitions
on the subject, no matter what their language
might be, on all occasions. This was a prin-
ciple to which he could not give his consent. It
gave a fatal stab at our liberties, and neutralized
the effect of all the balm that had been attempted
to be poured on the wouBded feelings of the
South. What they had done on that occasion
was pregnant with disastrous consequences; and
he foresaw that they of the South were fated to
come there for years, and have their feelings out-
raged by the abusive epithets heaped on them by
these petitions; to be humbled and debased by
their constant repetition, until they almost felt
themselves to be what they were called. Feeling
as he did, he would not by any act of his, give
the slightest countenance to the assumption that
that body could entertain jurisdiction over the
subject of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Taking the two votes together, the one to receive
the petition, and the other to reject its prayer, it
would be the most disastrous blow that the South
could receive. The one demolished the out-works
of its defenses, and the other is to lull the South
into a false security. He did not believe that, so
far'as the North was concerned, these votes would
have the slightest effect in putting a stop to the
abolition petitions. They had, by this vote,given
a dangerous blow to the South, which in after
times would be quoted as a precedent. It had
had the effect of dividing the South. We of the
South are unanimous in the opinion that Con-
gress has no jurisdiction over the subject; but a
majority of the Senate believed that Congress,
possessed that power, and the vote just taken
sustained them. Thequestion, then,for theAbo-
litionists would only be as to numbers. All they
1 had to do was to get sufficient numbers to control
the electors, and place abolition members there,
to carry out their designs. They saw the advan-
tage of their position, and would be sure to main-
tain it; and they would endeavor to turn out these
members here who would not go for abolition,
and get others in their places that would. Any
one who understood human nature, could not be
deceived as to the effect this vote would have in
Sromoting their plans. They saw their way; the
oors of the Hall were thrown open to them; and
they knew that a majority of that body was of
the opinion that Congress possessed the power to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia. Will
I vote (said he) against the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania to reject the prayer of the pe-
tition? It is unnecessary for me to say, no. He
would not put himself in a false position, and
therefore he was reduced to the painful alterna-
tive of refusing to vote at all.
Mr. KNIGHT said that the vote he should
give on this question might be different from that
of many of his friends, and probably variant from
the expectations of some of his constituents. He
would, therefore, state one reason, and one only,
that governed him in the vote he should give.
The petitioners prayed for two things; one the
abolition of slavery, and the other a suppression
of the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
Now, believing as he did, that there was a slave
trade carried on in this District which he believed
improper, unjust, and inhuman, and which, if
examined and brought to light, would not be
justified by any Senator on that floor, he could
not vote to reject the petition. He would have
preferred the reference to a committee, and to
have this slave trade inquired into, with a report
of the facts to the Senate; but as no Senator had
moved the reference, he would not at that stage
of the business make the motion. He would con-
tent himself with voting against the motion to re-
ject the prayer of the petition.
Mr. PRESTON felt bound in his judgment to
adopt that species of action which was the next
strongest to the motion made by his colleague.
He had had the misfortune to differ from many
gentlemen from the South as to the proper course
to be taken. But a majority had decided to re-
ceive the petition. He had thought the matter
over, whether he should retain his seat in this
body if it had claimed jurisdiction in this matter ?
As long as he did retain his seat he felt it his
duty to oppose these petitions. He would take
his seat, and vote on all questions relating to this
matter as usual.
Mr. BENTON observed that, as the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Knight] had mentioned
the slave trade in the District of Columbia, he
wished to show him one of the effects of the in-
terference -with the subject of slavery by those
who had no right to meddle with it. He had had
upon his memorandum book for several years a
memorandum for bringing in a bill to prohibit the
traffic in slaves in this District, and he had not
moved it because of the agitation on the subject
of abolition kept up by these petitions to tíon-
gresd. He had not yet brought forward this
measure, nor would he do it, while the agitation
was kept up.
Mr. DAVIS had been a patient and somewhat
attentive listener to this debate. It was not his
intention to engage in it. As the question to re-
ceive this petition was decided, he would say a
few words in explanation of the vote he was about
to give.
Since the question had come into this Hall, it
had acquired a consequence it did not deserve
He saw nothing in the petition that called for the
excitement he had witnessed. Here wjs a few
humble citizens asking fo abolish slavery—and
where ? He would have supposed from the argu-
ments that it was a proposition to abolish slavery
throughout the United States. The vote taken
showed the sense of the Senate, and the petition
1 was now in the custody of the Senate. They
had substantially decided that it contained matter
proper for their consideration. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] on pre-
senting the petition, had given notice of what his
intention was; which was, after its being re-
ceived, to deny the expediency of all the meas-
ures in it. He had looked with anxiety fo the
subject to accord to him his opinion; but although
he had always thought the agitation of this ques-
tion was calculated to disturb the peace and har-
mony of the country, yet he had not been able
to reach the conclusion he (Mr. B.) had. He
(Mr. D.) thought this petition ought to pass
through the usual business channel to accomplish
the object the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
in view. With the present information before
the people, a vast majority would entertain oppo-
site opinions to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] as to the constitutional
power of Congress. He (Mr. D.) had seen peti-
tions on this subject presented from time to time,
and never before heard the constitutional power
brought in question. Although (said Mr. D.)
we do not by this vote say that we have a con-
stitutional power, yet it is generally understood
as making a distinction between the District of
Columbia and the slaveholding States. He had
heard it repeated on this floor, that we would
treat this matter with the contempt it deserves.
He did not suppose this epithet was used in its
literal sense, but as a deliberate opinion. Why
have organized committees, as the regular chan-
nels through which business was prepared for
the action of the Senate? Why have rules that
require bills to be read the first time on one day,
and the second time on the next day, «fee? The
answer was obvious: because this body was what
it purported to be, a deliberative body, and was not
designed to act precipitately and in haste, or with
excited feelings. To give power and efficiency
to this matter they ought to send it to a commit-
tee, and let the report of that committee go out
under the sanction of the Senate. He had voted
towards this object; and, being willing to let the
gentleman from Pennsylvania have a direct vote
on a proposition he seemed to have so much at
heart, he had refrained from offering the amend-
ment he had intended to offer, embracing his
(Mr. D.'s) views. The course pursued by the
Senate was a voluntary one. No one had advo-
cated the prayer of the petition, and did they want
a stronger expression of public sentiment than
was evinced by that fact ?
The motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia was seeking to obtain that which made it no
stronger. Every one must vote according to the
dictates of his own jud ment. He believed, with
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clat,] that
there was no disposition to any extent, any-
where, to interfere with this question, nor did
he believe in the existence of any settled object
to get hold of this ten miles square as a footing
to operate against the slaveholding States. He
thought they had better send the petition to a
committee. He feared the vote about to be taken
would not have the happy influence anticipated.
Mr. WALKER did not rise to renew the dis-
cussion, but for the sole purpose of stating the
reasons which should induce him to remain in his
seat, and record his vote upon the motion now
before us, to reject the prayer of this petition. It
was true that he had voted with the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhocn] upon the previous
motion for the rejection of the petition. After
much deliberation and painful solicitude, he had
arrived at the conclusion that the Senate might
reject the petition, without any violation of the
Constitution. He had not only voted for the
motion to reject the petition, but had advocated
its rejection in his remarks upon this floor; and
his opinion upon this question was unchanged.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhocv]
