\ma.
1P1 qOl^aBESSIO^AIi ^LWfr
U9
He did not know whether the petitioning gentle-
man did or did not want counsel, but if he did,
Mr. B. would rather hear a gentleman argue the
cause who had made it his particular business to
study the laws of North Carolina, than any one
else. He did not wish to disparageany one,and
he considered it no disparagement to say,thatthe
petitioner was not able to argue his cause on the
floor. If the sitting member was to ask for coun-
sel, he would grant it to him. But if the House
would not allow the petitioner counsel, he would
say this much, that he would appropriate as much
of his time as he conveniently could to the con-
sideration of his case. These contested elections
were supposed to be as much political questions,
as any others which came before the House, and
in which party feelings were as likely to become
enlisted as in any others. In such cases, when
counsel was admitted, and they heard the argu-
ment on both sides, those who sat still and lis-
tened to the arguments, were much more capable
of judging correctly, than those who might parti-
cipate in the debate. He had no doubt but that
by hearing the argument of men who had made
the laws of North Carolina their particular study,
gentlemen could come to a satisfactory conclusion)
which could scarcely be arrived at in any other
way. He was acquainted with the sitting mem-
ber, but the petitioner was a stranger to him;
although, if they look to party, the petitioner be-
longed to the party with which lie generally
voted. Between those two gentlemen he was
prepared to judge impartially, and he should like
to hear the argument of some one whose business
it was to set thematterinaproper light;he would
then be able to judge.
Mr. HUNTSMAN said, if he understood the
question aright, it was simply whether the House
would reconsider the vote whereby counsel had
been rejected. That question had taken up the
time of the House day after day, when it might
have been encompassed in a nut-shell. He there-
fore moved the previous question.
Mr. PARKER inquired of the Chair what the
main question would be ?
The CHAIR stated the case substantially as
follows: A member from New York, by the unan-
imous consent of the House, submitted amotion
that the petitioner be heard at the bar of the
House. An amendment was offered thereto, and
upon this amendment a vote was taken, and it was
rejected. The question now pending was a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was rejected. The Chair was therefore of
opinion that the previous question, if sustained,
would cut off the amendment and the motion to
reconsider, and bring the House to a direct vote
upon the original proposition.
Mr. HUNTSMAN then withdrew his demand
for the previous question, and expressed a hope
that the question would be taken without further
discussion.
Mr. BYNUM addressed the House at some
length in reply to other gentlemen, and in support
of the motion which he had submitted to allow
Mr, Newland. to appear by counsel. [His re-
marks will be given hereafter.]
Mr. HARD remarked that he would not have
added one word to this debate if, in some meas-
ure, he did not feel himself responsible for the
introduction of this discussion, and the interrup-
tion of _the other branch of the subject, which
ought, injustice to both parties, and injustice to
the House, to have been decided some days ago.
When he rose to make the motion he did, though
he had intended to address the House in the first
instance, he felt bound not to do so, from a pledge
he had given to the petitioner and his friends.
When the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Byncm] addressed the House a few days ago, Mr.
H. was so situated that he did not hear the gen-
tleman's remarks, but on reading them, as he
found them published in the journals of the next
day, [the Globe,] he found that the gentleman
had charged him and the minority of the commit-
tee with unkind and improper motives in bringing
forward this motion. If he (Mr. H.) recollected
the amount of the gentleman's remarks on that
point, it was that he had introduced this resolu-
tion or motion for the purpose of forestalling the
opinion of the House upon the question of au-
thorizing or permitting the petitioner to appear
there by counsel. Now, in regard tp that, he
would say, that such a remark was unkind, un-
parliamentary, and without foundation. He knew
it did not become any gentleman to contend in
personal conflicts on that floor, and he would
therefore only say that his intentions were dic-
tated, or, rather, the motion was dictated and
made by him, at the instance of the personal and
political friends of the petitioner himself.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Bynum] liad displayed a great deal of research
into the precedents and.practices of that House
and the Senate, and also of the British Parliament.
To this he begged to make but one remark; the
cases adduced were not parallel cases. If the
gentleman would examine the history of the par-
liamentary proceedings of the British House of
Commons, in caspa of contested elections, he
would find that the whole matter, and every point
connected with and involved in it, were not only
referred to their committee of elections, but that
their report was final and conclustve. More than
this, it was their practice to take testimony viva
voce; and thence it became a matter of justice to,
allow counsel to both sides. The report of tbjj
committee of the British House of Commons, a£
he just remarked,,was final and conclusive, and-
the individual in whose favor they reported inva-
riably took his scat instanter. Now, the proceed-
ings in our House of Representatives were very
different from this. In the early history of pro-
ceedings in such cases here, they were disposed,
as was natural, to adopt the proceedings of the
British House of Commons.
Mr. WHITTLESEYhere called for the orders
of the day; and
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD moved that the rules
be suspended for this day, for the purpose of
proceeding with the case of the contested election
from North Carolina; but the motion was not
agreed to, the vote being taken twice,as announced
by the Speaker—ayes 101, noes 51; and taken by
tellers—ayes 104; noes 53—not two-thirds in the-
affirmative.
The House then proceeded to
THE ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
House, a statement of the disbursements made in
the erection of the bridge across the Potomac at
Washington; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the Senate were read twice and committed :
A bill for the relief of the executors of James
O'Hara, late of Pittsburg, deceased;
A joint resolution providing for the settlement
of the claim of John S. Stiles, under a contract for
navy bread;
A bill making appropriations for deepening the
bar, and for the construction of a dry-dock at
Pensacola;
A bill to authorize the selection of certain lands
in lieu of those granted to the State of Ohio, and
sold at public sale by the United States;
A bill for the completion of certain roads in the
Territory of Florida;
A bill making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the title of the United States to the site
foralight-house on Roanoke inlet, North Carolina;
A bill, in addition to the act of the 24th of May,
1828, entitled an act to authorize the licensing of
vessels to be employed in the mackerel fisheries;
and
A bill for the relief of John La Tourette.
BILL PASSED.
The bill for the relief of Alvarez Fisk and the
legal representatives of Thomas P. Eskridge, was
read the third time and passed.
NATHANIEL P. TATUM.
The House proceeded to consider the motion
heretofore made by Mr. Underwood, to recon-
sider the vote whereby the bill for the relief of
Nathaniel P. Tatum was passed.
After a few remarks by Messrs. UNDER-
WOOD, WHITTLESEY, and MANN of New
York, the motion to reconsider was negatived.
«ENEDICT AfcFORD.
The joint resolution for the relief of Benedict
Alford, was next taken up. The question pend-
ing was a motion to amend, by adding a pro-
vision for the benefit of Robert Brush.
Mr. WARDWELL moved to commit the
resolution to a Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN suggested the propriety of re-
ferring the resolution to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
After some remarks by Messrs. LAY, UN-
DERWOOD, MASON of Virginia, and WHIT-
TLESEY, the latter moved to refer the resolution
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. WARDWELL then withdrew his motion.
Some further discussion ensued, in which
Messrs. JANES, LAY, VINTON, ADAMS,
BOND, GARLAND of Virginia, STORER,
GRENNELL, GLASCOCK, BEARDSLEY,
HOLSEY, and HOAR took a part, when, with-
out taking the question,
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, the House
adjourned. ^________
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 12,1836.
Messrs. TURNER and JOHNSON, of Lou,
isiana, presented certain papers and resolutions;
which were referred to appropriate committees.
Mr. TURNER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit some ad-
ditional testimony in the application of Benjamin
McCulloh, a soldier in the late war, asking to be
placed on the pension list; which was submitted.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion made by Mr. Spangler to reconsider the
vote rejecting the proposition to allow Mr. New-
land leave to appear by counsel in the prosecution
of his claim to the seat in the House at present
occupied by Mr. Graham.
. Mr. HARD remarked that he would not have
added one word to protract this debate, if he did
not deem himself measurably responsible for its
introduction, and the interruption thereby of the.
action of this House upon the question of further,
time; a question which, in justice to both the
parties interested, ought to. have been decided
some days ago. At the time he made the motion,
he had risen to address the House on the ques-
tion of postponement, and to urge the propriety
of granting further time to the sitting member to
collect his. defensive eridenee. But as he had
intimated to the petitioner that he would move
his admission on the floor of this House before
any further discussion should be had in relation
to his petition, he had, therefore, submitted his
motion at that particular time; he had done so,
too, with a reasonable expectation that the motion
would have been received by the unanimous, vote
of the House.
When the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Bynum] addressed the House on this question a
few days since, he (Mr. H.) was so situated that
he did not listinctly hear his remarks, but on
reading them as he found them published in the
Globe on the next morning, he perceived that
that gentleman had charged him with impropei
motives in bringing forward this motion.
If Mr. H. recollected the substance of thosf
remarks, they charged him with having intro^
duced it with a view to forestall the opinion of
this House on the question of admitting counsel j
and with the intention of defeating the resolution
reported by the majority of the Committee of
Elections. In answer to such a charge, he would
barely remark, that come from what source it
might, it was unkind, unparliamentary, and with-
out a shadow of foundation. He was aware it
did not beeome any gentleman to indulge in per-
sonal contests on this floor; he would therefore
only add, so far as he had been concerned, he had
entertained the kindest personal feelings towards
the petitioner, and in this matter had acted in
accordance with his expressed desire, and at the
advice and request of his warmest and more dis-
creet political friends. What, (said Mr. H.) was
the origin of the motion which had given rise to
so much debate? How did it acquire its present
form ?   When he submitted it, if he rightly rec-
