250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
ollected its form, it simply asked that the petition-
er be admitted to a seat upon this floor during the
discussion of the question of further time; at all
ononis, this was the character he intended to have
ei\in it. It was the amendment proposed by his
coKe.Mruo, [Mr. Mann%] whose political ortho-
doxy none will question, that had thrown the ori-
ginal motion into its present shape, by modify-
ing H in such a manner as to permit the peti-
tioner to be heard in his own defense on the final
question. He would ask gentlemen, then, who
was the author of that portion of the proposition
which supersedes the resolution reported by the
gentlemen composing the majority of the com-
mittee f Was he the political enemy or friend of
the petitioner? Why has the gentleman from
North Carolina had so much to sayabout asking
nothing from his (the petitioner's) trifniits .' Mr.
H. thought he could see, in this course, a desire
to give this question a political turn, with a view
to prepidice the rights of the sitting member. He
[Mr. ütsrrM.l had charged all those who had ex-
pressed an opinion against the expediency of ad-
mitting counsel on this floor, of entertaining feel-
ings unfriendly to the petitioner; and in answering
the remarks of the gentlemen from Massachusetts
[Mr. Reed, and his colleague, Air. Grivkell,]
he protested against submitting the case to such
hands, as the petitioner had nothing to expect
from such a quarter. If he (Mr. H.) had kept
the run of the debate, as many of the political
friends as the enemies had opposed the amend-
ment. He hoped the House would never consent
to treat this as a party question; as nothing could
be more destructive to the rights of the parties
concerned and the freedom and safety of the
elective franchise than to turn our legislation on
such subjects into mere partisan squabbles. If
he were to follow the dictates of his own private
feelings and inclination, without consulting the
permanency of long-established parliamentary
usage, he should most cheerfully accord his as-
sent to the proposed amendment. This he would
do, however, as a matter of grace— not of any
right which the petitioner might claim. But he
considered the amendment,if it should be adopted,
as doing something more than extending an in-
dividual courtesy. It would be setting a prece-
dent, prospective in its tendency, and as durable
as your records, and as permanentasthat instru-
ment which holds this body in existence. He
was unwilling to lend his vote out of mere cour-
tesy to any individual, to introduce an innovation
80 mischievous in its tendency.
The application to be heard by counsel at the
bar of this House must, as Mr. H. conceived,
be either addressed to its courtesy, or founded ;
upon some legal or constitutional right. If they
were to credit the concurring testimony of a num-
ber of the friends and colleagues of the petitioner,
he did not desire counsel on the main question.
It could not therefore be addressed to the cour-
tesy of the House, as it certainly would not
extend its courtesy to a case where it was not
desired. But it had been said that the claim was
a matter of imprescriptable right, sanctioned by
precedent and universal practice. This he denied,
as what had been the former practice of this body
was, by the showing of the Journals, long since
discontinued.
The   gentleman   from  North   Carolina   [Mr.
Btxvm] has discovered great research into the
practices and precedents of not only this House
and the Senate, but of those of the Commons of
Great Britain, and from thence had adduced cases
to which he had referred us as authority, bind-
ing upon this House; but he begged  to remind
the gentleman, if he would but examine those
cases carefully, and inquire into the history of
the parliamentary proceedings of both Govern-
ments in cases of contested elections, and mark
the change  that had been introduced into this
House since the year 1804, he must be satisfied !
he had not furnished  us with a solitary parallel :
ca-?e.    In the House of Commons the petition of j
the claimant is referred in  the first instance to a
select committee, who are authorized to summon ; j
before them witnesses to testify, viva toce, of the I
matters relating to the petition.    This committee !
are empowered to hear and determine the whole i
case, and their decision is conclusive upon both :
parties as to the right to the 8eat; before this com- "
mittee counsel  is always admitted, to draw out j
and sift the evidence.    Similar to this had been j
the early practice of this House; and in the first
case referred to by the gentleman—the case of the
New Jersey member, in 1797—the petition of a
number of citizens of that State, complaining of
the illegality of the election, was referred  to the
standing  committee, without  anv evidence ac-
companying it.    That committee finding that the
extent of territory embraced in the United States
would, in some instances, render it impossible to
obtain viva voce testimony before a committee, in
order to establish some convenient rule by which
in future the House might be directed in collect-
ing  this  kind  of evidence,   asked leave of  the
House, by resolution, to send out a commission
to the State of New Jersey t  take depositions to
be read before the House.    This course, although
warmly resisted in the House by some members,
was finally adopted; and  from  that time  until
1804, the practice had uniformly been to take the
depositions of witnesses at their residence, and
to commit those depositions  to a Committee of
the Whole House for their consideration.    This
was a partial change in the mode of conducting
contested   elections, though   not  such a one as
wholly dispensed with the necessity or propriety
of permitting the parties to appear by counsel at
the bar of the  House: and hence it was, that
prior to 1804, the gentleman had found three cases
where counsel had been applied for and granted,
though there were but two cases where counsel
actually appeared.    But (said  Mr.  H.)  it was
worthy of remark, that in the first case cited—
the New Jersey case—the jurisdiction of Congress
was questioned to send out a commission to in-
quire into the proceedings of the State election,
and the parties asked that counsel might be heard
on that point, and Mr. Madison very properly
remarked, that where its jurisdiction was ques-
tioned, it would be indelicate  for the House to
deny counsel.    Counsel,  however,  did  not ap-
pear even in this case.    But since the year 1804,
(Mr.H. said,) another material change lias been
introduced into this branch of parliamentary prac-
tice.    From that time to this, it had  been the
practice for the parties, on regular notices served,
to take all their evidence before the case was pre-
sented to the House, in which case all the papers,
evidence, and otherdocuments, were, by the rules
of this House, referred to the standing Committee
of Elections,  whose duty it was to admit the !
parties to a hearing, either by themselves or by i
counsel, and to hear, examine, and sift the evi-
dence, and report their proceedings to the House,
accompanied by the arguments, brief, and points
presented by the parties.    Here it i'ould be per-
ceived that, by the present practice, the parties
have the full  benefit of counsel in that stace of
the proceedings where it is most needed.    From
the consideration of  these  facts, Mr. H.  con-
tended that it was but fair to infer, that from the
change of the mode of conducting contested elec-
tions resulted that change in the practice of ad-
mitting counsel at the bar of the House.    But it
was not necessary to rely upon deductive evidence
to satisfy this House that the practice had been
discontinued.    He had a case in his mind which
would establish it affirmatively.    He alluded to
' the very first case which arose after this change
of practice—the case of Philip B. Key, of Mary-
land.    All the evidence in his case  was sent to
the standing committee, where he was permitted
to be heard by counsel; and we hear no more,
although twelve cases had since been reported, of
counsel being heard at the bar of the House in
cases of contested elections.
From these considerations he had been irresist-
ibly brought to the conclusion, that it had been
the settled intention of this House, from its earliest
history, to admit counsel where the evidence was
to be collected and sifted. And this rule he consid-
ered could not, as had been urged, operate oppres-
sively to either party concerned, as they had always
been permitted to furnish, by themselves orcoun-
sel,their written arguments, which wereappended
to and formed a part of the committee's report, for
the information of every member. This privilege
had been extended to the petitioner in the case
before the House, of which he had availed him-
self; this he (Mr. H.) thought was all that any
person could reasonably ask, and with this the
petitioner seemed himself to be contented. He
should, therefore, vote against the reconsideration
of the vote by which the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said he felt called
upon to say a word or two in reply to his col-
league, [Mr. Hard,] who had just taken his seat.
His colleague had seen proper to sustain bis argu-
ment by reference to him (Mr. M.) m holding
him up to the view of the House as a standard
of political and party orthodoxy on all party ques-
tions. He makes the remark m reply to the argu-
ment of the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Bvntm,] which he liad not the
pleasure to hear. He had never aspired to the
distinction which his colleague, he must say, so
gratuitously conferred upon him; and in offering
the substitute, the other day, for the motion of his
colleague, he was influenced singly by a desire to
aid him in his momentary embarrassment, in re-
ducing his motion to clear and distinct terms. It
was no part of his purpose to assert a principle,
though he confessed he could not distinguish so
satisfactorily as some gentlemen had done, be-
tween the admission of counsel in this and similar
cases, and other questions of mere private right.
On questions of public, right they neverheard coun-
sel, except such as were here in the representative
capacity. He had voted against the admission of
counsel in this case the other day, because the
petitioner, after authorizing an honorable member
to ask leave to appear by counsel, had changed
his mind and authorized another, his worthy
friend, [Mr. Conner,] to say in his place that he
did not wish counsel.
On this ground, Mr. M. presumed, many gen-
tlemen voted on that occasion. The right of
counsel Mr. M. regarded in most cases as a great
constitutional right not to be abridged for light
or transient causes: and if the petitioner had
adopted the usual course of asking seriously by
petition, Mr. M. could not doubt that the House
would have granted it by favor, if not as of right.
The petitioner, however, had fallen into some
inconsistency in respect to these preliminary mat-
ters, no doubt in consequence of his want of ex-
perience in controversies before this House, and
these preliminary questions in consequence had
occupied much more time than had been antici-
pated.
Mr. M. had regretted to see his friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Bynum] spend so much of
his ammunition upon the small game of the out-
posts, instead of reserving it for use upon the
main question presented by the committee. Mr.
M. had not discovered a disposition to make this
a party question in any respect, and certainly,
for himself, had in no way indulged such a dis-
position; but, Mr. M. would say to the friends
of the sitting member, that if they continued a
great while longer to resist the coming toa decis-
ion, it might ere long be deemed, in this House,
and in the country, a party question, even against
the dispositions which now exist here. He there-
i fore hoped that the House would come to a de-
! cisión upon these preliminary questions without
further delay, and set an early day for the con-
sideration of the resolutions reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections in favor of the petitioner.
Justice to him and to the State of North Carolina
required this. He had leaned over the bar of
this House, asking their decision every day since
the meeting of Congress. As to the remark of his
colleague [Mr. Hard] to prove that this was not
with him a party question—that he (Mr. M.) had
suggested the terms of a resolution, and that it
was well understood that he (Mr. M.) was the
very essence of orthodoxy on political questions
—ho must be permitted to say that he did not
feel himself complimented, (however intended,)
for it came in a shape too questionable, too'' ghost-
like," to be so understood. Moreover, the judg-
ment of his colleague on questions of party ortho-
doxy had been so long " infected," that in his
State his conclusions might not pass as hard coin;
and he would consider himself obliged if his
worthy friend would spare his certificates in these
matters.
i Mr. PEYTON was sorry to hear a threat
j thrown out of making this contested election a
party question. He did hope this never would
I be the case, though he himself did not sec how
i it was possible.    He understood the gentleman
