m*.
mñmmimmÑkt, etem
251
from New York [Mr. Mann) to intimate pietty
plainly that, unless gentlemen took a 'particular
direction, they could and would hare this a party
question. Cut how was that possible? Did the
gentleman from New York mean to be understood
as intimating that these gentlemen [Messrs.
Graham and Newland] were not both of the
•ame politics ? Did the gentleman intend to be
understood as charging that there had been any
change in their politics since their canvass before
the people? How, then, was it possible for the
gentleman from New York to intimate and hold
up a threat to that body that unless a certain
course be taken by certain gentlemen on that
floor, it would result in making this a party ques-
tion? Why, he did the gentleman whose cause
he advocated great injustice, for the two gentle-
men before the people declared themselves to be
of the same party. Mr. P. denied, then, that a
party question could arise out of this case under
any circumstances, and he hoped this was the
last they should hear on that subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays on the motion to reconsider;
which were ordered.
Mr. MANN, of New York, rose and remarked,
he merely wished to say a word in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Petton,] which
was, thathe (Mr. M.) considered himself lectured.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 91, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Ash, Barton,
Bean, Bond, Bouldio.Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Burns, Bynum,
Caiubrelcng, Carr, John Chambers, Chaney, Chapman,
Chapín, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Connor, Cor-
win, Craig, Crane, Cushman, Darlington, Davis, Denny,
Dickerson, Farlin, French, William K. Fuller, Galbraitli,
Grantland, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Harper, Hawkins, Haynes,
Hetster, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Huntington, Jabez
Jackson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Keunon, Kil-
«ore, Lansing, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas.Lee,
Leonard, Job Mann, Sampson Mason, May, McKay, Mc-
Kennan, McKim, Mercer, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan,
Moms, Muhlenberg, Page, Patterson, Franklin Pierce,
Duiee J. Pearce, Phelps, Pinckney, Potts, Kencher, John
Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Sehenck, Augustine H. Shep-
perd, Shinn, Spangler, Storer, Sutherland, Taylor, John
Thomson, Turner, Vanderpoel, Ward, Wardwell', Webster,
Weeks, and Lewis Williams—91.                                         1
NAYS—Messrs. Heman Allen, Anthony, Bailey, Banks, !
Beardsley, Beaumont, Bell, Bockee, Borden, Briggs, Bunch, I
William B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, Casey, Childs, 1
Coles, Deberry, Doubledav, Dromgoote, Duntap, Evans,
Everett, Fairfield, Forester, Fry, Pililo C. Fuller, James
Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Granger, Graves,Grayson, Gren- I
nell, Griffin, Haley, Hiland Hall, Hanuegan, Hard, Hardin, '
Harlan, Samuel S. Harrison, Hawes, Hazeltine, Henderson,
Howell, Hunt, Huntsman, Ingersoll, Insham, Janes, Jen-
ifer, Joseph Johnson, Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Jud-
•on, Kmnard, Lane, Lawlcr, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea,
Lincoln, Logan, Love, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Abijan Mann,
Martin, Moses Mason, Maury, McCarty, McComas, Mc-
Lene, Milligan, Owens, Parker, Parks, James A. Pearce,
Peyton, Phillips, Heed, Roane, Shields,  Sickles, Slade,
Sloane, Smith, Steele, Toucey, Towns, Underwood, White,
Whittlesey, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—87.
So the House refused to reconsider their vote.
• The question then recurred upon the motion
made by  Mr. Hard, that the petitioner have
leave to appear at the bar of the House, in his
own behalf, upon the subject of his petition.
The hour for proceeding to the orders of the
day having arrived,
Mr. GALBR AITH moved to suspend the rules I
for the purpose of proceeding with the consider- |
ation of this subject, but withdrew it at the re- ¡
quest of
Mr. WHITTLESEY, who expressed a hope
that the House was prepared to take the question
without further discussion.
Mr. MORGAN asked for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered; and the motion of Mr.
Hard was agreed to without a count.
Mr. MAURY then moved to suspend the rules,
fbr the purpose of proceeding with the considera-
tion of the other motions relating to the report
of the Committee of Elections.'
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the motion would
be agreed to, so that some disposition might be
made of the subject that day, for it had already
precluded reports from the standing committees
for about three weeks.
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the motion by
striking out " the purpose therein mentioned,"
and inserting " that the rules be suspended for
the purpose of calling for reports of committees,"
but subsequently withdrew the motion.
Mr. HAMER asked for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Maury's motion; which were ordered; and
the question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 143, nays 54.
So the rules of the House were suspended for
the purpose indicated.
_ The CHAIR then explained the pending ques-
tions. The first recurred upon the motion inane by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Botd,] from
the Committee of Elections, viz: that the report of
that committee bo postponed until Wednesday,
the 2d of March, and be made the special order of
that day. A motion to amend Was then made by a
member from North Carolina, proposing a more
distant day, but that motion was subsequently
withdrawn. A motion was then made by a gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Mann,] to amend
the original motion by striking out Wednesday,
the 2d of March, and inserting Tuesday, the 8th
of March. There was also a motion to recommit
the whole report to the Committee of Elections,
with instructions, by another gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hard.] The question pending
at this time before the House was the amendment
of Mr. Mann, of New York, to strike out Wed-
j nesday, the 2d of March, and insert Tuesday*
í the 8th of March.
I Mr. MANN then withdrew his motion, and
remarked that he had intended, when the House
had decided the other preliminary question, to
move a postponement to some day not far distant,
when it would be convenient for the House to
take it up and act upon it. If the present was
the proper time, he would now move to postpone
the subject till next Wednesday week.
Mr. MAURY hoped that motion would not
be sustained, as he was in favor of recommitting
the report of the Committee of Elections to the
said committee, with instructions to allow further
time to the sitting member to take depositions.
Mr. M.,at some length, proceeded to argue in
favor of the latter course; and gave a detailed
account of the proceedings of the committee of
which he was a member to show that further
time ought to be afforded to the sitting member
to take depositions, <fcc. He hoped the motion
before the House would be rejected, so that a
vote might be taken upon the proposition to re-
commit.
Mr. BOYD did- not rise to make a speech,
but, being of the majority of the Committee of
Elections, it would be necessary for him to
state some of the grounds which induced the
committee to refuse the sitting member further
time to take testimony. It appeared by the
documents which the committee had examined,
that the petitioner had given written notice to
the sitting member on the second day of Octo-
ber last, that he would contest his election.
That notice was given in compliance with the
laws of North Carolina, and the very words of
the law were embraced in the notice. No gentle-
man would doubt the legality of the notice, or
that it^as not given in good time to take all the
depositions which might be needed. The simple
question then before the House was, shall the
sitting member have more time to take testimony
to lay before the House ? Prom the time notice
was given the sitting member to the meeting of
Congress, there were sixty-six full days to take
testimony, and he seriously asked that House
whether sixty-six days were not sufficient time
for taking all the testimony which could possibly
be necessary? But it had been remarked that
there were only twenty-nine days allowed for
taking testimony, and that nearly all of that time
had been occupied by the petitioner. He had
only to remark, in reply to that, that the sit-
ting member had the same opportunities that
the petitioner had, if he had chosen to avail him- j
self of them. He had stated, on a former occa-
sion, that the sitting member had given as many
notices of places where he intended to take depo-
sitions as the petitioner; that he had given the
petitioner notice of his intention to take deposi-
tions at places one hundred and fifty miles apart
on the same day; and this had occurred in more
than one instance. If gentlemen would turn to
the printed documents, they would see that suffi-
cient notice had been given to take all the testi-
mony necessary; but if it should be shown that
the sitting member had not employed himself in
the collection of testimony, could he, in justice,
! ask further «me?   If it trhoúftt appear that he
' had not ifilrgetitty «wtrefiei for testimony, could
he come there, and, in justice, ask more time?
It seemed to him (Mr. B.) unreasonable.    He
had shown that the petitioner gave the sitting
member notice on the 2d of October; and from
that time he might have been taking testimony,
if he had thought of it; but it appeared that, from
the 2d of October until the 30th of that month, the
sitting member never moved in the subject at all.
Let gentlemen turn to the testimony, and examine
the facts, and not trust to his arguments, as he
did not expect to convince gentlemen by argu-
ments, but by the facts of the case.    The  first
notice that was given by the sitting member was
on the 30th of October.   Now, what was he doing
in those twenty-eight days ?   If he was not taking
testimony, he might have been doing so.    But
gentlemen had told them that the sitting member
ought not to consider his election as contested
until the petitioner acted in the matter.    Did not
the sitting member believe the petitioner, when
he gave him notice in writing of his intention to
contest his election?   Such being the case, Mr.
B. asked if the sitting member should not at once
have applied himself to the taking of testimony ?
Or, if he failed to do so, why should he come to
the House now to ask further time ?   He hoped
he had been understood.    It was a fact (and he
repeated it) that twenty-eight days of the sixty-
six allowed the sitting member for taking testi-
mony had not been employed by him at all in
that business.    If the sitting member had come
there, and showed that he had been employed
all this time, and that was not sufficient, then
they might allow him further time; but the facts
were otherwise, and the notices would show them
to be otherwise.    He  would not enter into an
argument with the gentleman  from Tennessee
in relation to the protest of the sitting member.
His recollection was simply this, that, at the
earliest stage of the question, the committee did
virtually and in fact decide against the sitting
member's protest, and in favor of the sufficiency
of all the notices.    He meant precisely what he
said, so that no gentleman could be deceived. He
stated further, that, if any application had been
made to the committee for further time, before the
middle of January, he never had heard of it, and
he was regular in attendance at the meetings of
the committee.   This was a simple history of the
question.   When the subject was before the com-
mittee, the chairman had gone in favor of the
validity of the notices; he had stated that, not-
withstanding it was required in Virginia that the
names of all voters charged as illegal should ap-
pear in the notices for taking depositions—not-
withstanding that was the express law, it had
never been observed by former committees, and
the House had never thought it necessary to re-
quire it.    At that time a majority of the commit-
tee decided against the gentleman's protest, and
J in favor of the sufficiency of the notices.   The
committee went on and examined the testimony
clear through, and took notes of such parts as
were necessary.    His recollection went further,
that, about the 14th 6f January, the parties were
admitted before the committee,and that the sitting
member  was asked whether further time was
needed; but he would not determine, and never
did determine, until he had examined the evidence
entirely through; and on the 16th of January-
he came forward and asked further time.    He
believed that this subject ought to take precedence
of all others. Every consideration prompted them
to settle it as soon as the facts could be ascertain-
ed; and a very strong case should be made out
before they should grant further time for taking
testimony. Well, when the application was made
fbr further time, what were the grounds—the writ-
ten grounds ? Turn to them, and you will discover
that the most important one was the evidence of
the sheriff of Haywood county, which evidence
was to prove that some six or eight illegal votes
had been given to the petitioner, and by two other
gentlemen's evidence six other illegal votes were
to be proved.    But upon examination of the doc-
uments it would be discovered that the testimony
of the sheriff of Haywood county had already
been taken, and the agents of both the parties had
attended the examination; and, as to the remainder
of the testimony alluded to, it could not affect the
