252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
final result. He considered that sixty-six days I
were sufficient time for the parties to take all the
depositions necessary; or, having failed to do so,
they could not, in justice, come forward now, and
ask' for furtlur nine. His own judgment was,
that there was sufficient time for taking testimony
before the meeting of Congress, and he waived
all other objections. He could not perceive in
what stage of the proceeding the committee had
done injustice to either of the parties. If gentle-
men would look at the documents, they would
see that the asking further tune would have been,
in the lirst place, an unreasonable request; but it
was made doubly so by the fact, that it was not
asked until the middle of January, yet still more
so, to be asked at this time. Why did the sitting
member not appeal, in the first place, to the
House for further time? He had looked into ¡
the ex parte testimony which the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maury] had complained of. The
facts were these: the sitting member objected to
the testimony taken at Morgantown, because lie
had no agent there to cross-examine the wit-
nesses. Mr. B. asked gentlemen to turn to the
records, and they would discover that the sitting
member had twenty-seven days' notice of the in-
tention to take depositions at that place, and, if he
failed to attend, whose fault was it? This was a
strange sort of argument.
Mr. MAURY said the gentleman had misun-
derstood him. He did not object to the notice
which had been given; but he had stated that the
sitting member had a moral obligation, of a para-
mount nature, which called him to Washington,
and that he could not be in Washington at the
meeting of Congress, and in Morgantown at the
time specified.
Mr. DO YD resumed: The petitioner had given '
the sitting member sufficient notice, and he might
have attended, either by himself or by counsel.
The sitting member, too, had made it impossible
for the petitioner to attend at the times and places
at which he had notified him to attend. If he
recollected right, the sitting member might have
attended at Morgantown, and then come on to
Washington; but certain it was that twenty-seven
days was sufficient notice, so that he might either
have attended himself, or had an agent to attend
for him. But he believed, in some of the written
communications of the sitting member, it would
be found that he had himself stated that he had
an agent in every county in his district. In Mr.
B.'s judgment, the committee had done right, I
and he believed the House would do wrong if it |
granted further time. As to party feelings, which
had been spoken of, he had only to say that he
had not turned back and examined himself thor-
oughly, to see if party had any influence in the
course he had taken, because he should be sorry,
extremely sorry, to ascertain hereafter that he
had been swayed in his decision by party feelings.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, followed in reply, and
contended that the sitting member had not been ,
allowed sufficient time, and that the time that had ]
been allowed was almost entirely engrossed by
the petitioner, for the former could not proceed
to take testimony until the latter had closed, who
occupied the time till the sitting member was
compelled to set out for Washington. He was
in favor of both parties having all the time they
would say, upon their honors, was necessary.
Mr. PEAltCE, of Rhode Island, contended
that it was indispensable for the House to go into
the merits of the report before they could possi-
bly come to a conclusion whether further time
ought to be allowed or not, and he was conse-
quently opposed to the discussion of this prelim-
inary question at that time.
Mr. GRAHAM (the sitting member) replied
at length to Mr. Boyd, and disapproved of the
course taken by the committee in not allowing
him more time to take testimony.
Mr. NE WLAND (the petitioner) then rose and
returned his acknowledgments to the House for
the unanimous vote by which he was permitted
to appear on the floor in his own behalf. It had
been truly said of him, (remarked Mr. N.,) that |
he was a plain farmer, unaccustomed to public
speaking, which must be evident from the visible
embarrassment he felt on the present occasion.
He trusted, however, if the House would conde- ,
scend to hear Jam on Monday or Tuesday next, I
he should be able not only to overcome that, but
to hurl back much thnt had been said of him. It
was due to his own character, and to the rights
of those who sent him there, that he should seek
the earliest opportunity to do this; at the same
time he begged leave to assure the House that he
had no hostile motive or intent to accomplish,
and no latent ambition to gratify. He presented
himself there—sent, as he solemnly averred, and
hoped to be able to convince that body, by a
majority of his constituents—to contend for and
maintain, to the best of his humble ability, their
rights, and not his own. He again expressed his
deep and unfeigned obligations to the House, and
a hope that Monday or Tuesday would be as-
signed him to address them at length.
On motion by Mr. HOWARD, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 14, 1836.
Mr. LEIGH presented the credentials of the
Hon. William C. Rives, elected by the Legis-
lature of the State of Virginia a Senator from that
State, to supply the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Tyler.
The usual oath to support the Constitution
was then administered to Mr. Rives by the Vice
President, and he took his seat in the Senate.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a report
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, made in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 9th instant; and, on motion by
Mr. BLACK, it was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS,  MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. PORTER presented the memorial of the
New Orleans and Carrolton Railroad Company,
prayingpermission to construct theirroad through
the public lands; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. P. presented two sets of resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of Louisiana; the
first, instructing their Senators, and requesting
their Representatives, to use their exertions to
get a law passed to establish an additional land
office in that State, to be named the Red river
land office; and the second, instructing and re-
questing their said Senators and Representatives
to use their exertions to obtain the passage of a
law providing for the increase of the salaries of
the officers of the United States land offices and
the surveyors of the public lands in that State;
and also for the increase of the number of clerks;
winch were referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. WHITE presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Tennessee, praying
for the establishment of an hospital for sick and
disabled seamen at Memphis, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the peti-
tion of Alexander Jones; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. K. also presented the memorial of a com-
pany about to construct a railroad from Mobile
to Pascagoula, praying for a donation of the
public land over which the road is to pass, and
offering, in consideration of such grant, to trans-
port on the said road the United States mail, and
the troops and munitions of war of the United
States, when necessary, free of expense for thirty
years; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MORRIS presented some additional peti-
tions from citizens of Ohio, praying for an alter-
ation of the location of the Cumberland road in
the States of Ohio and Indiana; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of John
Russell, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petition of John
Watts; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WALL presented several petitions from
citizens of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and
from individuals engaged in the navigation of the
Delaware, praying for the erection of piers on the
Brand y wine shoals; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
I     Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
' Judiciary,   reported a bill for the  relief of the
sureties of James Brobson; which was read, and
1 ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported without amendment the bill
for the relief of Amy Wilson.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Y. Keene;
which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Library, to which was referred the resolution
directing an inquiry into the expediency of pur-
chasing the library of the late Count Darlotine,
made a report thereon; which, without reading,
was ordered to be printed.
j                                RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PRENTISS submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolve!, That the Committee on Pensions he instructed
to inquire into the expendiency of directing the Secretary
of War to allow and pay to the heirs of Richard Anderson,
deceased, late a pensioner on the revolutionary invalid pen-
sion roll, the amount of the said Richard's invalid pciiMon,
from the 3d day of March, 18-20, to the 31st day of May, 1630,
during which time the said pension was withheld or dis-
continued in consequence of the said Richard taking the
benefit of the act for the relief of certain surviving officers
and soldiers ot the army of the Revolution, passed Mav 15,
1823.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which lies on the table one
day:
Resolved h/ the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United ¿¡talcs of America in Congress assembled, That
I the Pre>ident of the Senate and Speaker of the Hou-e of
Representatives close the present session of Congress by an
adjournment of their respective Houses on the-----day of
May next.
CONSTITUTION OF ARKANSAS.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
proceeded to ballot for a select committee to con-
sider the constitution submitted by the convention
held by the people of Arkansas, for the purpose
of forming a constitution and State government;
; andMessrs. Duchanan, Wright, Kent, Denton,
and Crittenden, were chosen.
j    PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
!     Mr. EWING, of Ohio, moved to take up the
' bill appropriating, for a limited time, the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands among the States;
and after some remarks by Messrs. NAUDAIN,
EWING, and CALHOUN, in favor, and from
! Messrs. WALL and BENTON, in opposition
j to the motion, it was negatived—yeas 20, nays 26;
| as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Crittenden,
Davis, Ewnig of Ohio, Hendricks, Knight, Leigh, McKean,
Mangum, Niicidam, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins,
Southard, Swift, Tomlinson,and Webster—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Cuth-
bert. F.wing of Illinois, Grundy, Hill. Hubbard, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Linn, Moore, Morris, Nicholas,
Nile-:. Rives, Robinson, Ringlet, Sheplev, Tallmadge, Tip-
ton, Walker, Wall, White, and Wright—26.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill making appropriations for the Cumber-
land road, in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Missouri, was read the third time and passed.
After the consideration of Executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 14, 183G.
The House proceeded to consider the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of New York
on the subject of the organization of the militia,
presented on a former day by Mr. Gillet, who
moved to refer them to the Committee on the
Militia, with the following instructions:
To inquire into the expediency of so altering the laws
relating to the militia as to prowde :
1st. That all free white, able-bodied male citizens of
the United States, between twenty-one and forty-five years
of age, shall be enrolled in the militia.
2d- That of the persons so enrolled all who are under
twenty-seven years of age shall, once in each year, be
called out for a period not less than six days, and remain
under arms during that period, with the view of improve-
ment in military discipline ami martial exercise; and such
persons to be minute men, and first called upon in case of
insurrection or invasion.
3d. That the persons who are so called out. and remain
under arms, shall receive a reasonable compensation tor
their time.
