■I li
  |:
THE CONGRESSIMill 'GLOBE.
<~ "s>
aiÉ^llwiMtÉlt*
BY BLAIR & RIVÉS.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SfiSStON.
First Session, 24th Congress.
TUESDAY, MARCH 99, 1836.
VonwK 3....N0. 17.
cumstances. Mr. E. then went over various
items in Mr. Thompson's speech, and at great
length opposed that gentleman's principle of
equality of expenditure. Mr. E. avowed him-
self in favor of a navy-yard on a large scale at
Pensacola, though not on the preponderating
principle of the gentleman from South Carolina;
but he denied that the Government was open to
the charge of neglect in that quarter.
Mr. E. read various tabular statements of the
expenditures of the Government on our fortifica-
tions, by way of reply to the argument of the
gentleman from South Carolina, that the disburse-
ments were unequal in the North and South, and
in favor of the former. These statements showed
that much more had been disbursed in the South
than in the North. In the second session of the
Twenty-First Congress, a complete statement
had been made out of all the expenses of the Gov-
ernment up to that time; and, under the head of
fortifications alone, the expenditure in the South
was eight millions and forty odd thousand dollars,
while in the North it was a little over five mil-
lions. He also produced tables of disbursements
between 1812 and 1835, all of which showed the
advantage to be decidedly in favor of the South.
There were many cases of expenditure in the
South from which the North could derive no
corresponding benefit; but should the Govern-
ment therefore withhold it? Here was the Sem-
inole war, which would cost the country some-
where about six millions. On the gentleman's
principle of equality of expenditure, the North
might oppose this appropriation, unless an Indian
war of asimilar character, and equally expensive,
could be got up in the North! He then adduced,
as peculiar items of southern disbursement, the
Indian annuities, treaties and wars, and the mints
established there last year, all for the exclusive
use of the South, and in which the North were
little or no way interested. Mr. E. avowed him-
self prepared to support a general system of
expenditure; that so much should annually be
appropriated for certain specific objects, such as
the Navy, fortifications, &c. He referred to the
course of Mr. Calhoun in originating and fos-
tering the very system of which his friends now
complained; comparing him to Phalaris, who was
the first to be immolated in the machine he had
constructed. Mr. E. concluded his remarks a few
minutes before four o'clock.
On motion by Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky,
the committee rose and reported progress.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the House then
«djourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, X*rch 16, 1836.
Mr. WEBSTER said that, in pursuance of
notice given by him the other day, he wished to
present several petitions on the subject of the
abolition of slavery within the District of Colum-
bia, and to move üieir reference to the Committee
for the District of Columbia. He had four peti-
tions of this nature: the first, purporting to be
signed by two thousand four hundred and twenty-
five of the female inhabitants of the city of Bos-
ton, was in the usual printed form, was entirely
respectful in its language to that body, and prayed
for the abolition of the slave trade in the District,
as well as of slavery; the second was sent by
other citizens of Boston, of the number of one
hundred and upwards, and was of the same pur-
port; the third was signed by a large number of
the inhabitants of Wayne county, in the Terri-
tory of Michigan—i t contained no harsh language,
no reproaches, but treated the evils of which it
complained with calmness and decorum; the fourth
was like the first two, both in substance and form;
it was signed by a large number of the citizens
«>f Boston—clergymen, merchants, professional
men, and, in short, by nearly all classes of the
community. He offered these petitions, and,
«sonaidering that gentlemen did not wish to raise
17
the question as to their reception, he would move
to refer them to the Committee for the District of
Columbia. He would only observe that this was
the most proper course to take with regard to the
next object of the petitions, which was the sup-
pression or restraint of the traflic in slaves. He
concurred entirely in the propriety of the conduct
of those gentlemen who voted against the recep-
tion of the abolition memorials on the ground that
they asked of Congress to do that which it had
no constituted power to do; for undoubtedly, if
petitions came there praying for any measure
acknowledged to be unconstitutional, they should
not be received. For instance: if a petition came
there asking Congress to pass a law abridging
the liberty of the press, or a law for the support
of any religious establishment, it should not be
received; for Congress had no authority to legis-
late forany such objects. In doubtful cases, how-
ever, they should receive petitions and consider
them; but he did not say that this was a doubtful
case, for he believed that Congress did possess
the power to abolish slavery in this District, and,
consequently, to suppress or restrain the traffic
in slaves. He had often expressed the opinion
that, with respect to the States, Congress pos-
sessed no power over the subject; and that while
it possessed no such power, it was its duty to act
in good faith towards the two States who made
the cession, and to take care that this Govern-
ment did not indirectly bring to bear its own
weight in this subject. He believed that a great
majority of the people of the North entertained
the opinion, first, that Congress had no power to
interfere with slavery in theStates; and, secondly,
that it had the power to abolish slavery or restrain
the slave trade in this District. The question
was, then, of justice and of expediency. It might
be expedient to act on one branch of the subject,
and neither expedient nor just to touch the other;
hence the propriety of a reference to the appro-
priate committee, who would enter into all the
necessary investigations and report what, in their
opinion, appeared the most desirable course to be
pursued, and thus avoid any agitation of the sub-
ject by a discussion. He recollected that, within
a few years past—in 1824—a resolution passed
the other House instructing one of its commit-
tees to take up the subject and examine it in both
of its branches; and it was well known that, at
an earlier period—in 1816—Mr. Randolph, of
Virginia, raised a resolution to take into consid-
eration the state of the slave trade in the District
—using the strong terms of the " slave trade."
It was well known that the State of Pennsylvania,
through both Houses of her Legislature, had
strongly urged upon Congress the propriety of
taking up this subject, and instructed her Sen-
ators and Representatives to use their best en-
deavors to get some favorable action upon it.
Some resolutions had also passed the General
Assembly of the State of New York, having the
same objects in view. Now, these proceedings
were well known, and he thought the country
was not prepared to hear that petitions on this sub-
ject hadeither not been received at all, or that the
prayers of them had been rejected without inquiry
or consideration. One of the subjects embraced
in them certainly did demand inquiry. He, him-
self, knew nothing of it, and would not under-
take to say that the slave trade existed in the
District,as it was represented; but certainly he
was not prepared to say that it should not be in-
quired into. For these reasons, he thought it
better to give the reference to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, who were not only the
appropriate committee, but were constituted of
members, a majority of whom were from States
mostimmediatelyinterestedinthe question. They
would be very competent to state the grounds
and reasons of the conclusion to which they might
arrive, both on constitutional points, as well as on
points of justice and expediency. As there were
many of those petitioners who meant well, he
thought they were entitled to have their petitions
received and reasoned with; and if there were
those who desired nothing but excitement and
agitation, it appeared to him that it was the part
of prudence not to give them the advantage by
allowing them to complain that they had been re-
fused a hearing. He wished, therefore, that there
should be a reference toa committee, who would
fully investigate the subject, and let their argu-
ments upon it go forth to the country, and he had
no doubt but that this course would tend much to
produce harmony, good feeling, and mutual con-
fidence, both in and out of Congress. Mr. W.
then moved to refer the petitions to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. MANGUM said he wished to have an op-
portunity of recording his vote in opposition to
the reception of these petitions; and ne therefore
demanded the preliminary question as to their
reception.
Mr. RIVES said he did not wish, by any re-
marks of his, to open anew a discussion which
had already occupied much of the time of the
Senate, and agitated the feelings of a large por-
tion of the country. He rose only to submit a
motion. Under the influence of the principle
conceded by the Senator from Massachusetts,
he could, with perfect propriety, vote not even
to receive these petitions; for it was the deliberate
result of his best judgment, that Congress had
no constitutional authority to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia, the object aimed at by
the petitioners. The grounds of his opinion on
this subject it would be inappropriate for him to
go into at the present moment; nor did "he wish,
at any time, to obtrude his views on the Senate,
already enlightened by much abler discussion,
unless the question should be opened again by
others. Although he held that the Senate had
the constitutional right to meet these petitions, on
their first presentation, by a refusal to receive
them, it did not follow that it was expedient to
exercise that right. After the decision already
pronounced by this body, it was evident that it
would be at least useless to renew the attempt. It
might be that some of the gentlemen who had
originally voted in favor of the motion not to
receive these petitions, considering the motion
now as res judicate, would be inclined to take
some other course better calculated to attain a
practical result. Various courses were open to
consideration. The petitions might be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia, as
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
or to a select committee; they might be referred
with or without instructions; or they might be
disposed of by a summary rejection of the prayer
of the petitioners, as had Heretofore been done on
the motion of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buchanan.] All these were ques-
tions involving a complex consideration of the
comparative advantages and disadvantages at-
tending each, which, having so recently taken
his seat in the Senate, he had yet had no oppor-
tunity of making up his mind upon, by an inter-
change of views with other gentlemen standing
in the same relation to the subject as himself.
He, therefore, moved to lay the whole matter,
for the present, on the table.
Mr. MANGUM said it was not his purpose
to open this subject for discussion. He rose for
the purpose of reiterating that he had been con-
fined by indisposition when it was up before,
and desired an opportunity of recording his vote
on a subject he deemed vital to the existence of
the South. He gave an unequivocal opinion
against the constitutional power of Congress over
the question, and declared that he would vote
against every motion to receive a petition that
should be made.
Mr. WEBSTER did not wish to hasten the
decision of this question. If it could be takenup
some time next week, he would have no objection
to its lying on the table for the present,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said that he had hoped,
when this question was deoided by so large a
