268
i
t=^t~ff=f
THJ foj^jj*^A£ ^0^
majority of the Sánate, thai no gentleman would |
have felt himaelf bound to have brought forward |
memorials of a similar character to those whose j
prayers had been rejected. He thought he un-
derstood the gentleman from Massachusetts as
saying that he was waiting for the decision of the
question then pending, in order to determine what
course to take with regard to the memorials he
had in his possession. Could the gentleman have
supposed, after the Senate's deciding by ¡v large
majority, on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, to reject the petition then before
them, that any earthly object was to be accom-
plished by presenting petitions of the samenature?
The gentleman from Massachusetts, by present-
ing these petititions, and by the opinions he had
delivered in presenting them, had placed himself
at the head of these individuals. He was pre-
pared after the vote just taken, and he thought
every other gentleman was also, to let this sub-
ject,' which had created too much excitement
throughout the country, sleep; and he thought
they had taken a step that would allay that ex-
citement, at least for the remainder of the session.
Indeed, from the very first, he was opposed to
any agitation or excitement on the subject; and
though he had been drawn very reluctantly into the
discussion by the force of circumstances, yet he
had not promoted the excitement—had thrown
out no denunciations or reproaches, but, treating
the subject calmly and rationally, was anxious
that it should be put to rest as speedily as possi-
ble. If, however, any decision was again to be
had, let us (said Mr. K.) decide it at once. One
word as to the reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. Did the Senator believe
that a report from that committee, constituted as
it was, would have the effect to allay the excite-
ment in a certain quarter, he would not say how
gotten up? Would a report from a committee,
the majority of whom were slaveholders, be sat-
isfactory to these petitioners ? The Senator would,
he thought, hardly say that it would.                  '
He wished this question, which had been set- '
tied by the Constitution, settled by the practice
of the Government, and settled by the solemn I
decision of the Senate, by a large majority, laid
over, not to be again revived. If this matter was
pressed, he should be compelled to give his ob-
jections more at length; but he greatly preferred
avoiding, if possible, any further discussion.
Mr. WEBSTER said the gentleman from Ala-
bama had no right to place him at the head o{ these
people.    He as much desired to take the proper '
course to quiet the agitation, as the gentleman '
from Alabama himself; and the gentleman had no
authority for saying that he (Mr. W.) had placed
himself at the head of these people.   He had
given notice of his having these petitions in his l
possession aome time ago.    It was the opinion !
of the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Tyler,)
who had recently resigned his seat, that if all the S
petitions relating to this subject were referred to '
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and '
reported upon by that committee, it would give I
better satisfaction than anything that could be I
done.    In that opinion, Mr. W. fully concurred. ¡
Senators wore mistaken as to the character and !
object of these petitioners.    They were actuated ,
by no political or party motives.    Their petition-
ing arose out of solemn convictions of a religious
duty.    They might be mistaken motives, but it
was a feeling not to be removed by hasty action,
but might be reasoned with.  He nad no expect-
ation that the Senate would adopt this motion;
but whether they did or not, he wished  an op-
portunity to express his views.    He thought a
ftiir exposition of the reasons embodied in a re-
port would do more good than all the indignant
rejections or summary dispositions that could be
made. The point that it was inexpedient, suppos-
ing it to be constitutional, was not much known
or understood; and to make it so, the origin, and
progress, and peculiar circumstances connected
with it, 8houl4 be explained.    He wished all the
petitions might go to the committee, and at the
proper time they would get a report which would
be productive of much good^.
Mr, PRESTON, in reply, said fhaf hjs frjend
ftom Virginia, who was no longer a member of that
body,(Mr, Tyler,) did, at therommencementof
taa session, entertain the opinion that a reportt
could be had from the Committee on the District of
Columbia that would be satisfactory to all parties;
but that he had, after further information, and
subsequent conversations with the members of
the,Senate, come to the conclusion that a report,
suck as he contemplated, would do more harm
than good, and he had accordingly submitted the
resolution referred to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and which was then lying on the
table.
Mr. MANGUM hoped this question would
not be laid on the tabic. He wished to record
his vote against it; although, in his opinion, no
action of this body could put the spirit of aboli-
tion at rest. He expressed, in strong terms, his (
apprehensions of the evil consequences that would
grow out of it.
Mr. HUBBARD expressed a wish that the
Senator from Virginia would not press his mo-
tion to lay upon the table the proposition not to
receive the memorial. He hoped that the Senate
would at one proceed to the vote upon the ques-
tion of reception, and prevent any further discus-
sion at this time; and should the Senate, as ho ,
had no doubt they would, vote to receive the
petition, he presumed that some one Senator
would move to lay the motion of the Senator ,
from Massachusetts and the petition on the
table.                                                     _              :
The proceedings of the Senate on Friday last
satisfied his mind that it is not the intention of ¡
this body, at this session, further to agitate the \
question of slavery within the District of Colum-
bia.    He was entirely satisfied as to the policy
and propriety of such a course. The Senate then
decided by a very large majority of its members
to reject the prayer of a similar petition to the one
now presented by the Senator from Massachusetts.
He was anxious to wait and see what effect shall ,
be produced by the adoption of the vote of the
Senate on Friday last, and he was very unwilling
to agitate this question again.    He was in hopes
that we should not have been asked to take any
course with these petitions which would render
further consideration and debate necessary.    He
had on his table a petition committed to his care, i
and if no objection should be made to the r#ep-
tion of the petition, he would move that it belaid
on the table.    But if the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts should be adopted, he might
find itnecessary to give a different direction to that
petition from the one he had contemplated.    He
hoped the Senator from Virginia would not press
his motion; that the Senate would receive the
memorials, and that the whole subject would at ,
once be laid upon the table; and that the Senate
would suspend all further action upon this subject ,
until the Senate shall first ascertain the effect upon c
the public mind of the proceedings of the Senate
on Friday last upon this subject.
Mr. RIVES, in reference to the remarks of the
Senator from New Hampshire, begged leave to
say that his purpose seemed to have been misap-
prehended by that gentleman. It was not his
wish to revive the discussion, nor to create any
additional excitement; butas he had stated, when
he moved to lay the question on the table, (hav-
ing just taken his seat in the Senate, and had no
opportunity of comparing views with his south-
ern friends on this subject,) he wished to be en-
abled to do so. There were various modes of
disposing of these petitions, all of which he had
named, and all of which he considered as present-
ing questions of expediency only; it was that he
might, with the light of experience reflected by
other gentlemen whe had been here through the
whole session, make up a clear opinion as to
! which of those modes was most eligible, that he
wished the subject laid over. Though he be-
' lieved Congress might refuse to receive a petition
without violating the constitutional guarantee on
j the subject of petitioning, he was not prepared to
I say it was expedient under the present aspect of
this case to exercise the right. It was far from
his wish to raise any discussion again on the sub-
ject, and he regretted that his motion had given
, rise to it.
¡              PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
|     Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented a petition of
a similar character from sundry citizens of Ohio,
i-J   j'i-H=
fffarch 16,
and rapyed to refer it to the Committee for the_„
District of Columbia.
Mr. PORTER demanded the question on the
reception of the petition; and
Mr. LEIGH moved to lay that question on the
table. For the reasons stated by his colleague,
[Mr. Rives,] this was the proper disposition to
make of all such petitions as had been presented,
or might be presented, to-day.
The motion to lay the question, as to the recep-
tion of the petition, on the table, was decided in
the affirmative.
Various petitions of a similar character to the
one just considered were then presented by
Messrs. SOUTHARD, BUCHANAN, SWIFT,
and McKEAN, the preliminary question on all
of which were demanded by Messrs. MAN-
GUM and PORTER, and were laid on the table.
Mr. McKEAN presented memorials from citi-
zens of Pittsburg, managers of the Anti-Slavery
Society of Philadelphia, citizens of Philadelphia,
and vicinity, and from two thousand three hun-
dred and sixty-three resident females in Philadel-
phia, praying Congress to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia and Territories of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Kentucky,
and
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented the proceed-
ings of a large town meeting of the citizens of
Cincinnati, both strongly disapproving the course
of the Abolitionists; which were read, and laid on
the table.
Mr. PRESTON moved, as there seemed to
have been a general disemboguing of abolition
petitions, that the Secretary be directed to pre-
pare a statement showing the numioer of such
petitions, and the number of the petitioners, and
that the statement be printed for the information
of the Senate.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, opposed thismotion,
on the ground of its circulation with the names,
giving too much consequence to the Abolitionists,
and of its creating further excitement.
Mr. PRESTON said, the gentleman was mis-
taken in supposing that he wished to print this
statement with the names, or that he wished to
give it any circulation. All he wanted was to
ascertain the number of the petitioners and the
sections of the country from whence they came,
for the information and guidance of tho Senate.
Mr. LINN said he was not certain but this
motion to print these memorials, if followed up
by a motion to print the names of the individúala
signing them, would be ajudicious course. His
impression was that one half the signatures were
fictitious names placed there to give fictitious im-
portance to the subject; the greater part of the
other half, he had good reason to believe, con-
sisted of the names of women and children, who,
in all probability, were unconscious of the wrong
they were doing. His honorable friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] some two years
since, for the purpose of preventing frauds on the
pension laws, moved the printing of the names
of all those who were on the pension list; this list
was widely scattered through the country, and
made one member of society a check on another.
He was not certain but similar effects would fol-
low the printing of these documents. Such is
the abhorrence with which society at large view
the attempts of the Abolitionists to disturb the
compromise of the Constitution, and unhinge the
relations of property secured under that Con-
stitution, that the names of the disturbers have
only to be known to bring down upon I heir heads
almost universal condemnation. He, however,
believed no course was necessary to their destruc-
tion but silence. By discussing the subject of
slavery here no good can be done, but much harm,
by keeping the country excited,and giving an im-
portance to the Abolitionists which they do not
merit. Although representing a slave State here,
he at no time had ever felt the slightest fear that
the efforts of the Abolitionists would prove suc-
cessful. In their memorials they had called slave-
i holders many hard names; but he had not been
able to lash himself into a passion for such foolish'
epithets. Ltt them alone, and their schemes of
visions, like a thousand other scheme  of vision 
which have had their day, will pass off and b«
