«60
TBS (X)NGRESHK)NAL OLOWJ
March 16;
The call of the absent members was proceeded
h ; but before it was concluded,
Mr. GRENNELL moved to suspend further
proceedings under the call.
Mr. ANTHONY objected to suspending the
call. Many of the members who had voted in
ftvor of meeting at eleven o'clock had not an-
swered to their names, and he thought the ab-
sentees should all be called.
The motion to suspend the call was negatived;
and, when it was completed, it appeared that one
hundred and fifty-nine members were in attend-
ance.
Mr. EVANS said the object of adopting the
resolution to meet at eleven o'clock was for the
dispatch of the public business. For that pur-
pose he would move that alL further proceedings
under the call be suspendeÜ.
Mr. WARDWELL was opposed to the reso-
lution for meeting at eleven o'cloek, under the
boli.f that the hour would from day to day be oc-
upied in calls of the House. In order,if possible,
to prevent the frequent recurrence of these calls,
he hoped the prpsent one would be gone through
with, and that the further proceedings under the
cn'l would not be suspended.
The motion to suspend was again negatived.
The doors were then closed,and the members
still absent were called, a portion of whom were
rxcused on account of sickness or unavoidable
absence.
Mr. ANTHONY then moved to suspend all
further proceedings under the call.
Mr. MERCER asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion; which were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Anthony was carried—
ayes 92, noes not counted; and the doors, at twelve
o'clock m., were opened.
Mr. HAWES withdrew his motion for a recess,
when the Journal of yesterday was read.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAVIS moved to suspend the rule for this
day, after the hourof one o'clock, for the purpose
of continuing the consideration of the contested
election from North Carolina, (it being the first
business in brdcr until that hour.)
On this motion Mr. PATTERSON asked for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered—yeas
122, nays 66.
So the motion to suspend the rules for the
purpose indicated was decided in the negative,
two-thirds being necessary.
INDEMNITY FROM FRANCE.
The rule was suspended, on motion by Mr.
fNGERSOLL, for the purpose of considering a
motion heretofore offered by Mr. Mason, of Vir- ,
ginia, as follows:                                                 i
Retolicd, That fire tbousud extra eopies be printed of
the report made by the Secretary of State, in answer to a
tall of this Hn«ae,on the decrees oí the commissioner* ap-
pointed under the treaty of indemnity with France.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, was compelled
reluctantly to oppose the resolution. The awards
of the commissioners under the French treaty
were for the benefit of individuals, and they
rnight, with equal propriety, print an extra num-
ber of the reports of the commissioners upon pri-
vate land claims, or the decisions of the Supreme
Court. He had not looked into the documents,
and had no idea of the expense to which they
might be subjected by printing the proposed ad-
ditional number of copies. It might, for aught
they knew, require as great an expenditure as
some of the books authorized to be printed liere-
tofore by Clark & Force, or Gales & Seaton. It
might possibly cost thousands of dollars, and,
under the circumstances, he hoped the resolution
would not prevail.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said the gentleman
from Tennessee had mistaken the character of the
document. The document intended to be printed,
was a list of the names of the individual claimants,
with the amount of money awarded to each, and
b  believed the number of individuals did not
exceed three hundred and sixty. But there was
another and a much more important object to be
attained by the publication of the document, which
tpas, that in the negotiation which preceded the
adoption of the convention of July, 1H31, the
principles upon which the indemnification was to
be ascertained were considered as unsettled, both
I throughout France and in this country; that the
| greatest differences of opinion had existed on the
subject; and that, up to the last moment, it had
been considered that the French Government had
been overreached. The great object of having
the present document published was to show in
a compendious form that after cutting down the
American claims by striking off every doubtful
one, still they exceeded the amount stipulated for
in the convention. It appeared to him that the
publication of the document would have a most
salutary influence, not only in our own country,
but abroad. It showed that the claims were just,
and to a greater extent than stipulated for in the
convention, and therefore ought to be satisfactory.
The great object of the resolution was to dissem-
inate a most valuable document in relation to the
treaty with France. So far as Mr. M. was con-
cerned, he did not believe he had a constituent
interested in the claims; but he thought the doc-
ument one of great public importance, and in that
view had offered the resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL observed that it was the
policy of the Government to give important in-
formation like the present to the people. It was
vastly important that their constituents should
have all the information on such subjects which
could be given them. Ho did not know the size
of the work, but he understood it was in the
hands of the printer to the House and in type;
therefore, that was the time to have it printed.
The present was a matter of deep national interest.
It was highly important that the principles on
which the convention was based should be made
known. He therefore hoped the motion toprint
would be agreed to.
Mr. LEE, of New York, said, although he
trusted that the argument of the gentleman from
i Virginia would be conclusive, with a majority
of the House in favor of printing five thousand
extra copies of this important document, he would
give some minor reasons for the measure, besides
the great motive of correcting the errors of Eu-
rope and the errors of America in relation to the
amount of the spoliations, which this document
was so well calculated to do. It was due to the
claimants that they informed them of the amount
of the dividend they might expect. For thirty
years these sufferers had been deprived of their
property. New generations had grown up; chil-
dcen and grandchildren, and very aged persons,
were the recipients of these awards. In many
cases, it was their sole dependence; and small
as it might be, they ought to be informed of the
amount promptly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, remarked, that
if the motion prevailed, they would next be asked
to print large numbers of the awards of the com-
missioners under the Neapolitan, Spanish, and
various other treaties, and also the adjudications
of the Supreme Court. It would be just as proper
to publish them in one case as the other. This
would subject them to considerable expense,
which he deemed wholly unnecessary. If the doc-
ument in relation to the awards under tlie French
treaty was of so much importance,it would prob-
ably be published in the Globe, which would
answer the purpose of gentlemen, and savethe ex-
pense of printing additional copies by the House.
At any rate, he could see no propriety in publish-
ing five thousand extra copies, wheui they had
been informed that only three hundred and bixty
persons were personally interested in the de-
cisions.
Mr. RENCHER understood that this docu-
ment had not been laid on their tables, and con-
sequently they were not able to judge of its im-
portance; he therefore moved to postpone the
consideration of the resolution until Monday next.
Mr. MERCER hoped that the motion to post-
pone would not prevail, and that the resolution
would be adopted.
The motion to postpone was then negatived;
and the resolution was agreed to.
The hour of one having arrived,
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD again moved to sus-
pend the rule for this day, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding witli the consideration of the subject of
the contested election from North Carolina.
The motion was negatived—yeas 106,nays 57;
two thirds being necessary.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House, pursuant to the special order of the 26th
January, then resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamer
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the year 1836.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Bell, to reduce the item for the improvement
and necessary repairs of the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth,New Hampshire, one half—namely,from
]>67,O00 to *33,500.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, who was
entitled to the floor, addressed the House at
length. He said he would not confine himself to
the mere item under consideration, but should
embrace the great and more important question
of an increase of the Navy. He was for the in-
crease of our Navy, though notas a war measure.
He never believed either France or our own Gov-
ernment intended to involve the two nations in
war. That cloud having happily passed off, he
was now for increasing the Navy to the extent
of our wants and resources.
The next question was, to what extent the in-
crease should be carried. Our ships now navi-
gated every sea and visited every maritime nation
on earth. Look at our commerce and internal
wealth at the present time, contrasted with former
periods of our history. In 1790, the population
of the United States was only four millions; it
is now about fifteen millions—nearly quadrupled.
In 1790, our imports amounted to $23,000,000; in
1835, so far as the returns had been made up, they
showed the enormous amount of $151,000,000.
In 1825, our exports were but $20,205,000; in
1835, an interval of ten years only, they amounted
to $118,955,000, and the increase under every
branch was advancing further and further every
day. This alone afforded ample proof that aa
increased and efficient naval armament was indis-
pensable.
Look,besides, at the practice of other nations—
the nations of Europe. In 1833, Great Britain
had thirty-three ships of the line, two hundred
and seventeen frigates, one hundred and twenty-
four brigs, á.c, and fpurteen steam vessels;
France had thirty-nine ships of the line, fifty-odd
frigates, and two hundred and thirteen sloops,
brigs, and small vessels of war; Russia had
thirty-two ships of the line, twenty-five frigates,
and one hundred and seven smaller vessels; the
Ottoman Empire had eighteen ships of the line,
twenty-four frigates, and ninety smaller vessels}
Holland twelve ships of the line, thirty-three
frigates, and fifty-six smaller vessels, &c. The
United States, which ought to be a second naval
Power at least, was only a seventh or eighth.
The nations of Europe, overwhelmed with debt,
strained every nerve to foster and keep up their
naval power.
But it was not only for security in time of peace
that an efficient Navy was indispensable, but it
was the best bulwark in time of war—the most
efficient and the cheapest. The United States had
no other enemy to fear, but what would approach
them from the ocean. A naval armament had
immense advantages overfortifications.forif they
could not be used advantageously at one piace,
they could with facility be removed to another,
Another advantage was, that it protected our trade
to a certain extent during war, as well as during
peace, while, at the same time, it could harass
and cripple the commerce of the enemy. Block-
ades or our own, ports might be opened, and the
enemy's ports blockaded. Look at what we suf-
fered during the last war for want of a Navy;
our coasting trade and fisheries were destroyed>
and even our intercourse from port to port at one
time entirely suspended. We entered that war
with only four hundred guns, exclusive of gun-
boats, and captured from the enemy about the
same number as we set out with, and about treble
the number captured from us. What would have
been the effect if we had had a suitable naval arm-
ament? Many a blockade would have been
raised, millions have been captured, and the cap-
ital of the nation would have escaped the ruthless
destruction of a barbarous enemy, who spared
neither the nation's archives nor its literary col-
ections.
