THE CONGRESSIONAL €&Q§§&
®H
Mr. C. then adverted to and recked some ex 
tracts from the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs of the Senate, and the reports of the Sec-
retaries of the Navy of former years. He then
referred to the law of 1816, appropriating the sum
of |1,000,000 annually for eight years for the in- ,
crease of the existing Navy. This, too, was done
at a time when the country was burdened with a
debt of $120,000,000. More than this, our naval
Foree was much greater then than at the present
time. We had then seventy-four vessels of war
in commission; we had now only eighteen in
commission; and including what were in ordinary
and on the stocks, our present naval force, taken
altogether, amounted to no more than fifty-one in
number. This force he contrasted with that of
the enemy, with whom it was supposed we were
about to cope. In 1835, France had the follow-
ing naval force armed, manned, and equipped:
three ships of the line, twelve brigs, fourteen
sloops, twenty-six frigates, thirty-one smaller
ressels, eighteen transports and store-ships, and
six steam vessels.
Mr. C. then referred to the mode in which our
fleets were manned, and condemned the practice
of employing alien seamen in our Navy. He I
hoped the proposition before one of the commit- I
tees of the House for training up boys in the I
service would be agreed to, and that eventually |
the service would be confined to American sea- ¡
men.
He then adverted to the trifling increase pro-
posed in the estimates of the naval commissioners
ibr the present year. He was not for limiting so
indispensable a branch of the service to three, four,
or even five millions, when a. trade of some three
hundred millions was involved, and more than
this, the preservation of national honor and na-
tional character. He was, however, disposed to
rely upon the estimates for the navy-yards. It
might be, that we had too many navy-yards, and
that three would have been sufficient in the first
instance; but taking the high character of the
members of the naval board, their responsibility,
and their experience, he placed the highest confi-
dence in their estimates, and should vote for the [
appropriation for the navy-yards as they at
present stood in the bill. He hoped nothing of a
sectional feeling would operate on the present bill,
for it must be borne in mind that one part of the
country was as much interested as another. The
navy-yards were the property of the nation, con-
structed for the interest of the nation, and kept
up for the service of the nation. Still, he hoped
justice would be done to the West, and that the
great highway of sovereign States, the Ohio river,
upon whose bosom floated annually two hundred
steamboats, besides other vessels, would be im-
proved by the General Government. He sup-
ported the estimates in this bill, not because it
would peculiarly benefit his section of the eoun-
try,Tor it was too distant to be benefited a dollar
by any one of them; but because lie believed the
interest of the nation demanded that our navy-
yards should be kept in good repair. It was im-
possible to do without them, and they were com-
pelled to rely, in a great measure, at all times,
upon the integrity of the estimates of executive
officers.
Mr. C. again adverted to the necessity of an
increase of the Navy, and recurred to the neglect
of this branch of the service for several years
back. It began with the radical spirit of economy
of 1829, which had effected no good, and con-
tinued throughout the present Administration.
In 1817, $3,000,000 were expended on the Navy.
In 1834, during a period of seventeen years, the
increase had only been $4,000,000. After some
further remarks, Mr. C. concluded by again
avowing his intention to support the bill, and also
to vote for a proposition to increase the Navy to
an extent commensurate with the interests and
resources of the country.
Mr. BELL briefly explained, before he with-
drew the motion to reduce the item under con-
sideration to one half the amount reported, why
he had made that motion. He had done it to
test the sincerity of those who seemed to appre-
hend a French war. He never supposed such a
lengthy discussion would have grown out of it,
and he had deprecated it at the outset. He be-
lieved then, and he was now more and more con-
firme  in that belief, that war with France was
sever contemplated—he did not mean in that
Houie, but elsewhere. He now withdrew the
motion that had been so long pending, and moved
to strike out the whole appropriation for the im-
provement of the navy-yard at Portsmouth.
Mr. B. admitted this to be a subject in which
he had no experience; but he took the reports of
those who were conversant with the subjeet—the
naval commissioners andengineers. These gen-
tlemen had condemned the locations of our naval
stations, and declared that the distribution of the
navy-yards was neither as economical nor as use-
ful as it might be if they were differently located.
These officers also laid it down that two navy-
yards were sufficient. He referred to the report
of the Navy Commissioners of 1829. The re-
sponsibility had been thrown upon Congress, but
not justly, for there had always been exciting
Subjects interposing. The fault was not with
Congress. It was well known that the influence
of the Executive was able to set aside any sub-
ject proposed for legislation, or could procure the
action of the House upon any subject.
Mr. B. was not so much opposed to the item
for the navy-yard at Portsmouth, but he would
vote for it if it should be shown that it was ex-
pedient. He, however, could not bring himself
to see the necessity of four navy-yards within a
distance of only three hundred ana sixty miles—
viz: between Philadelphia and Portsmouth—while
Great Britain, with her thousand ships of war,
and an extent of coast, including that of Ireland,
little, if at all, less than that of the United States,
had only two navy-yards.
Mr. 6. also took up the argument of inequality
of expenditure between the North and the South,
and dwelt at length on the injustice that had been
'done to the latter.   The rich and productive val-
ley of the Mississippi, which produced everything
in abundance required for the naval service, was
never called for in any of the contracts.   Even
sugar and molasses required ibr Ihe service on
the Gulf of Mexico were brought from the North.
In the matter of defenses, nothing was done for
theGulf of Mexico; and so far from the navy-yard
I at Pensacola being kept up, there was not even
I a wharf thfire, nor were there materials sufficient
for the repairs of a ship.   He denied that Con-
gress was responsible for all this.   For years
¡ past there had been an appropriation of upwards
I $100,000 left to the discretion of the Executive,
which had never been expended.  Mr. B. referred
to the very large appropriations contemplated at
the present session, and the defense made of them
in that House by the opponents of the Adminis-
tration, showing a  strange  and extraordinary
combination of parties; and he dwelt at some
length upon the almost boundless money power
j enjoyed by this Government.     Without con-
cluding, Mr. B. gave way to
|    Mr. LINCOLN, on whose motion the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Mcenh 17,1636.
Mr. TIPTON presented apetition from sundry
citizens of Allen county, Indiana, praying for the
sale of certain sections of lands on the Fine of the
Wabash canal, reserved from sale by act of Con-
fress; which was referred to the Committee on
'ublic Lands.
Also, a petition from sundry inhabitants of
Carroll county and Michigan City, praying for
the establishment of a post route from Kirk's
Cross Roads, via Frankfort, Delphi, and Monti-
cello, to Michigan City; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUD AIN,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which the same ha4 been referred, re-
ported the bill for the relief of JesseSmith, with-
out amendment.
Mr. SWIFT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which the same had been referred, reported
unfavorably on the petition of George Armstrong.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that three thousand
additional copies of the communication of the
Secretary«f the Treasury, showing the condition
«f the dsposit, basks,- he pijutediwr the use of the
Senats.
Mr. W. remarked, that this statement seemed
to exhibit a state of things, with respect to the
public moneys, that might very well be supposed
to require the attention and consideration of Con-
gress. He found, on looking at the statement,
that the public deposits in these banks, amounted
to thirty millions of dollars; that the deposits of
individuals amounted to upwards of fifteen mil-
lions; and that the amount of their bills in circu-
lation, payable on demand, was upwards of
twenty-six millions. The whole amount of their
liabilities was seventy-one millions; and it ap-
peard that their specie on hand was only ten
millions: that is, there was less than one dollar
in specie for six dollars of debt; and there was
due to the Government alone three times as much
as the amount of their specie. It was true that
there was something on the other .side, such as
notes discounted, and debts due to and from other
bonks, but these were equal on both sides, and
were of no consequence so far as the Government
was concerned. There was another thing which
had drawn his attention, and he should be glad
if some gentleman more conversant with the sub-
ject would give him some light upon it.
In the abstracts showing the capacity of these
banks to meet their liabilities, there were credits
described as " other investments." No less a
sum than eight millions of dollars was described
as being " in other investments." He was very
anxious to know what these other investments
were. His suspicion was that there were none
at all, except that one credit balanced another
debt. His opinion was, that many of these banks
were unsafe. He would call the attention of the
Senate to one remarkable case. The Farmers
and Mechanics' Bank of Michigan had a capital
of $150,000; it owed $800,000 to the United States,
or $784,000 to the Treasury, and $16,000 to other
public offices. It had received $800,000 of the
public money, and where was it? It certainly
could not be in specie, because the specie in that
bank was but $1,000. Could it be in notes dis-
counted.' No; for the whole amount of notes,
discounted and exchange, was only $400,000.
Here was a bank owing to the United States
$800,000, and where was'the money? It was not
in its notes, liens, and discounts; and. where, then,
could it possibly be? He had an idea that, when
an investigation was made, other facts equally
as remarkable would come out. He thought the
system began to develop itself. It is apparent
(said he) that we have arrived at a very remark-
able crisis in the money concerns of the country,
not to be trifled with. He held it tobe indispens-
able that they should not delay the distribution
of these surplus funds much longer. He held
that every wise and discreet man should be anx-
ious so to regulate the public money as to prevent
! total loss ana misapplication.
Suppose (said he) these banks go on receiving
thepublic money until July next; the amount of
their deposits will then be upwards of forty or
fifty millions of dollars—a sum equal to every
dollar of specie in the country; a sum at the ab-
solute disposal of the Government. What did
gentlemen propose to do under such circum-
stances, if they did not mean to vote for the bills
for distribution? How would they propose to
dispose of this vast amount of money ? He had
made up his mind to vote for the fortification bill,
every part and parcel of it; but this could not by
any means absorb the .vast amount of surplus in
the Treasury. Appropriations for internal im-
provements could not remedy the evil, for they
would be arrested by the veto of the Executive.
Were gentlemen willing that " things should re-
main as they were?" There was a bill before
the Senate, introduced by the Senator from South
Carolina, early in the session, and he hoped that
that bill would be soon brought up, that they
might have an opportunity of showing what they
would do both with regard to the surplus on
hand and that accruing. As to the land bill, they
could not shut their eyes to the sources from
whence flowed the vast amount accumulated from
the sales of the public lands. The lands had
changed hands, but the public had not been ben-
efited thereby. They had gope from the posses-
sion of one great proprietor, the Government, to
