262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
many «rent proprietors, who knew nothing of
mínimums. He would not dwell further on this
subject then, hut should, at a more favorable
oivHirtuivtv. ?o more at length into an examina-
tion of it. 'For the present, he would only move
th* nniitinir of an additional number of copies of
the statement —say. three thousand.
Mr. CENTÓN"seconded the motion of Mr.
Wrr.'Tr.R. and assigned his reasons for so doing;
which will appear hereafter.
Mr. CLAY had, like the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, been very seriously impressed by an
examination of the document to which the atten-
tion of the Senate had been called; and in refer-
ence to that document he had directed certain
nosers to be made out, which he should, at a
pr'ip'-r time, lay before the Senate. He was
s-rm-k with the t'ital insecurity of the vast treas-
ure in the keeping of these deposit banks, and
the ¡rrent disproportion between their liabilities
aril their capacity to meet them. They might be
called on for s -wnty-seven or seventy-eight mil-
lion"; of dollars in any one of the three hundred
and sixty-five days of the year, and they had only
a'wut ten milhons to meet that demand—about
on"- eighth of what they might be called on to pay:
and if there was any truth in the signs of the
times, they were on the eve of a great paper crisis;
and could any man say how soon that day would
arrive when this demand would be made5 These
deposit banks were, in fact, only the nominal
debtors to the United States. The real, substan-
tial debtors to the United States were those per-
sons to whom the banks had loaned this public
money. And who were they? The Secretary
of the Treasury did not, nor did anybody else,
know. We have (said Mr. C.) collected the peo-
ple's money to a vast amount, and this money
has been loaned out to individuals who were not
known to the officers of Government. Wc are
(said Mr. C.) the actual creditors, and we do not
know our debtors. In one institution in his own
State, called a savings institution, having a cap-
ital of ninety-six thousand dollars, there were
upwards of three hundred and twenty thousand
dollars of the public money deposited. Let us go
(said he) to the metropolis of the country—the
reat city of New York. In each of the three
eposit banks of that city the money deposited
by the Government exceeded its capital. Now,
what security had they for this money ? Suppose
a great deficiency of southern crops, or any other
crisis, creating a necessity for the exportation of
specie to Europe instead of the ordinary ship-
ments, each of these banks would be compelled
to call in; this would compel other banks to call
in in like manner, and a panic and general want
of confidence would ensue. Then what would
become of the public money? You hare not (said
Mr. C.) even the power to make the periodical
returns of your debtors; for these banks are not
real debtors, as the money has been drawn from
the people, and loaned out to persons whom you
do not know. The distribution of this vast treas-
ure must challenge the attention of every man.
There was no other way to remedy the evil. He
would invite the attention of the Senate to the
distribution of this fund.
In the single city of New York there was de-
posited one third of the whole of the publicmoney;
while in the State of Kentucky $300,000 was de-
posited in a savings institution. He knew well
that it would be said that the principal part of this
money was deposited in places where it wasprin-
cipally collected; but let him ask if other circum-
stances were not to be taken into view as well as
the collection of the revenue? This ten millions
deposited in the city of New York was equiva-
lent to a grant of $600,000; and the deposit of
the whole surplus was equivalent to a grant of
$1,800,000. There was some advantage derived
to the United States from the deposit of the pub-
lic money with the Bank of the United States,
because the Government was a large stockholder
of that institution; but in the distribution of this
surplus it ought to be so deposited that the whole
country should share alike in the disposal of the
deposits.
Mr. CALHOUN said that, confident as his im-
pressions were of the diseased state of the cur-
rency of the country, he had not believed it tobe
of so great magnitude.    It had commenced three
years ago. He would not enter into the causes,
but would consider the fearful responsibility of
the remedy. Something must be done, and that
speedily, or a deep wound would be inflicted on
! the body-politic. If they permitted this session
i to pass without doing something, ruin must fol-
low, which would enlist on the part of the Gov-
ernment a system of speculation and swindling.
They had seen what £r°ld had done; it had cor-
rupted the country. He understood this increas-
ing of the Army. Gold comes into the country
first, (said he.) and steel settles the conflict. He
put it to the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Wright.] Is he contented that his constituents
in New "V ork should have fifteen millions of the
money of his (Mr. C.'s) constituents, and of the
constituents of other Senators ? Was he a friend
to his country; and would he, as a man of jus-
tice, assent to this species of robbery?—for he
could call it by no other name. He had hoped
there was still virtue and patriotism left to cor-
rect this evil. All party spirit ought to be dis-
carded, and now was the time to see who were
friends of the country and above party feelings,
and who were yoked down and chained to it.
He hoped a number of these documents might
be printed, that the public mi<rht see the .state of
things they were in. The public funds given
away to private individuals called corporations
presented to the country an anomaly. He hoped
the Senate would adopt the motion.
Mr. WRIGHT observed, that the Senator from
South Carolina had asked him a most important
question, and as he conceived a most improper one.
The srcntleman had asked him, "was he a friend
to this country?"    That was an insinuation, the
answer to which rested not with him.  His coun-
try must  answer;  and  proudly and  fearlessly
would he place his public actions there by the side
of those of that Senator, and let the public answer.
He would not put that question to the gentleman
from South Carolina, or to any other gentleman.
So much for the application to his humble self;
he would not trouble the Senate further with it.
The honorable Senator complained  of the ine-
quality  of  the deposits of  the public money.
Would he carry his recollections a little back?
Did he recollect a little more than two years ago,
when thev were told by himself that the transfer
of these public deposits, for the purpose of equal-
izing them in different parts of the country, was
denounced as a corrupt abuse of power?    Yet
now he complained that these transfers were not
made, and that the public money was suffered to
accumulate in particular places.    Was there any
money in the banks of New York which had
been collected there ?   The gentleman did not say
there was.   How, then, was the Department to be
complained of for this accumulation of money in
New York ?    It was in conformity with the opin-
ions expressed on that floor two years ago, that
the money was suffered to remain in New York,
which had been collected there.    There was a
1 vast amount collected in that city, and hence the
accumulation.    He confessed that he had been
astonished at hearing this complaint, treading on
the heels of complaints the very reverse made there
two years ago, and which every gentleman must
i recollect.    If there was no law regulating the de-
¡ posits of the public money, was the executive
officer in fault for this accumulation ?   It was far
, from his purpose, never having seen the statement
I till that morning, to attempt to argue upon the
: security or insecurity of the public money.    He
could say that he had not so much apprehension
I of a loss as some gentlemen, and it might not be
J as much as he ought to have; but he must say
; that the   executive branch of this Government
I was not in fault, if the deposits of the public
, money were not regulated by law.
Mr. CALHOUN said, the Senator from New
York [Mr. Wright] had on this, as on other oc-
1 casions, displayed his ingenuity by changing the
1 ground.    He (Mr. C.) had stated as theexisting
evil the accumulating of $15,000,000 in New York
belonging to his (Mr. C.'s) constituents, and the
j constituents of other gentlemen, and had put the
question to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
W right] not as questioning his patriotism.   Mr.
| C. spoke of the pernicious political effects of trans-
1 fer drafts, and of the report he had made on that
| point, which was lost in the House of Represent-
atives.   A plan ought to have been digested, and
11 a uniform system adopted, of transferring these
' deposits. He was willing to go into a compar-
ison of his political life with that of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. W.,] if he desired it,
as related to the past or the future. The majority
in the Senate had changed, and in some respects
he was glad of it. A responsibility had in some
measure, rested upon those opposed to the Ad-
ministration, although their views were thwarted
by vetoes from the Executive, and opposed by
tlíc other branch. Now the Executive and his
friends had the entire control.
Mr. WRIGHT, in reply,said he had only in-
tended to answer the questions of the Senator
from South Carolina. As to a personal compar-
ison, he had intended none; for it would be a.
vanity he had never indulged in to compare his
public services with the long political life of that
gentleman. He did tmderstand the Senator as
complaining of the accumulation of the public
money in certain places, and as calling that accu-
mulation of money which belonged not to New
York alone, but to his constituents, and those of
other gentlemen, a robbery. Now, suppose the
bill which the gentleman introduced had become
a law, would the state of things he complained
i of have experienced any possible alteration? He
would read one section of the bill, in order that
the Senator might judge of its effects.
Mr. W. here read the section which provides
that the public money shall not be removed from
the banks in which it shall be deposited, with-
out the consent of Congress,unless the Secretary
of the Treasury shall have good reason to appre-
hend that such money is not safe in said banks,
or the banks shall fail to comply with the regula-
tions instituted by him. Now, (he asked,) if this
section had prevailed, would the present state of
things have been altered ? As to where the fault
was, that regulations for the security of the public
deposits had not been made, he could not say;
but certainly the fault was not in the Executive.
Mr. CALHOUN said that the Executive was
known to have a fixed and decided majority in
the other House. We Senators (said he) have
been called a factious body. Why did not the
House pass this bill? The Senator, who was
well acquainted with the discipline of the party,
surely knew why this was not done. The Sena-
tor would recollect that this was one of three
measures which he (Mr. C.) had brought for-
ward; and it was to take out of the hands of the
Executive the power of controlling the currency.
This had not the sanction of the Senate. The
other two were sent down to the other House,
j and there they slept the sleep of death. The
Senator would recollect that there was another
proposition, which was to send back to the peo-
: pie the surplus revenue not wanted for the current
i expenses of the Government; and that, when this
¡was brought forward, it was declared by the
1 i friends of the Administration that there would be
! no surplus, and that all his figures and calcula-
1 tions were considered the wildest delusions. The
time had now come round, and his calculations
were proved not to have come up to the amount
of surplus on hand. The Senator, with his usual
ingenuity, wishes to turn the eyes of the Senate to
the future. Now he wished to turn their eyes to
the future.   The danger which he had predicted
1 had arrived, and he was not aware that the Sena-
tor, and those with whom he had acted, had made
any effort to present it. He believed that when
this question came up it would present two of the
greatest questions that had ever been before any
Government; one that would carry this Govern-
ment from the present state of things to a military
! despotism, and the other that would restore it to
1 its former purity.
!     Mr. BENTON could not let the debate go off
- without pointing out to the Senate and the people
that what was called here a  surplus  of  thirty
i millions was a mere delusion.    He then went into
; a speech of considerable length, which will appear
i hereafter.
i Mr. EWING, of Ohio, believed that there never
had been before known to be in the Treasury a sum
I sufficient to cover all the appropriations at the
time they were made.    For instance, (said he,)
' if we had not more than five or six millions in the
i Treasury now, would not the gentleman from
