183*
lU* C30NOItE88IONAL GLOBir

Missouri feet perfectly s*re in making all th* ap>
prcpriMiors f->r fortíneattemí he coWeiaplai—.
and r*> vmr, on the accruing revenue to pay them :
W> fo in •«lid h  > raikmj the appropriations,
bu' t** vw iH noticien the surplus in the Treasury
ad MS- There would 'till be a vast increase
be\ond the nvnropmtions With regard to the
ar>i>r«r>riaiion bOls hnving been keptlwiek, ho*
 ii it 'he asked) that these appropriations had
rt«t been made in th* other House, which was
the pror>er place for them to originate in > Did the
Benator fr«m Missouri suppose that the other
House had any object in keeping back these ap
propnation bills: The Administration had the
maionty there, and the Senator from Missouri
■aid that the responsibility rested with them
With resrteet to the money of the people de-
posited in these banks, it was exposed to great
danger and loss Out of these thirty-five deposit
banks, there were only eight who had it in their
power to pay promptly the public money in their
hands It was in the power of the Secretary of
the Treasury to crush at once seventeen of them,
who had n<->t the means to pay on demand the
public money in their hands Mark (said Mr
E 1 the power and influence that an onWr of the
GoTernment has orer the money concerns of the
country ' Was this a state of things that any
patriot woukl wish to continue > Let this money
acejrmilate as it would, still the Executive would
hare the power to control it It would be like
th- state of things nnder Pharaoh, who, taking
adranta^e of the famine, got all the property of
his peopV in his own hands; and they finally had
to se|| themselves for bread
Mr W \LKER did not rise to embark m this
discussion, but to state a fact The gentleman
from Ohio (Mr Ewrsc] had staled, that the
money deposited in these banks might be used
for political purposes He could state, and ap-
p*ii to h s eo'l- ague as to the deposit bank in his
State, (Mississippi,) that a large majority of the
directors and stockholders were opposed to this
Administraron The president of a principal
branch of it ran at the head of the opposition for
Governor, and the president of it headed the op-
position ticket for Congress; and failing in that,
he was run as a candidate for the United States
Senate.
It would be found, on examination, that the
vhole popr system waa against the Administra-
tion, and against the people He belieyed the
deposit barms in other States would, on exam-
ination, be found to correspond with the statement
be had made in relation to the one in Mississippi
Tf dr"ars and cent  alone were to control our po-
litical relations, instead of the votes of freemen,
this Administration would not now be in power
Mr BLACK rose to confirm the statement
made by his colleague [Mr. WaikerJ with re-
spect to the banks in the Slate of Mississippi. A
majority of those who held stock in these banks
were not (he saidl in favor of the Administration
Wi h respect to the paper currency, his colleague
would recollect that a proposition was before the
Legislature of Mississippi to extend the banking
capital of the State to fifteen millions more; and
that this proposition, so far from being favored
by the opposcrs of the Administration, was more
peculiarly favored by the other party. Money
matters (he said) had never been made a test of
political influence in his 8tate He was sorry to
see a disposition m Mississippi to extend the
paper system,and he looked upon it as the inev-
itable consequence of measures pursued here two
years ago.
Mr. WALKER wished to be distinctly under-
stood as not having made the slightest charge '
against the Planters' Bank of Mississippi He '
had risen only to show that, so far as the State >
which he had the honor in part to represent was '
concerned, the deposit bank was controlled by '
those who were opposed to the Administration
The question was then taken; and the motion
to print three thousand additional copies of the
statement was agreed to.                                        |
if AIL Bi   RAILROADS.                   ¡'
Mr. GRUNDY submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day                 i
Rooked, That the Committee on the Vast Office and
T'r < Roa^ be Intfnif \e<\  o inquire into the expediency of (i
I asMssrlslai psraaaMat tenüada te ka asase tor die trua-
I partaaon of the mail with the different railroad corasinlsi,
or nuch of ¡hem as may b« willing to make contracts for
that purpose «pon «ueh terms and under such restrictions
a* shit be prescribed hv law
NEW UND OFFICE.
Mr. EWlNli, of Ohio, presented a petition
from sundry ciuzins of Ohio, pra) ing for the
establishment of an additional land office, «huh
was rctirred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion by Mr HILL, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill to appropriate, for
a limited time, the proceeds of the public lands
among the States, and
Mr H addressed the Senate at length in op-
position to the hill; after which
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thubsdít,-VurcA 17, 1836.
Mr H AWES asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take up and consider a resolution,
heretofore offered by him, for the appointment of
a select committee to examine and report the situ-
ation of the West Point Acndemv
Objection being made, Mr HAWES moved to
suspend the rule for that day, in order to dispose
of his resolution, which was negatived.
Mr MILLER moved to suspend the rule for
one hour, for the purpose of enabling the com-
mittees to report; -which was negatived.
.NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested elecuon from I^orth Carolina.
Two motions were pending, the first in order
was that of Mr. Mann, oi New York, making
the report of the Committee of Elections the spe-
cial order of the day for Wednesday next; and
the second proposition was that of Mr. Hard, to
recommit the report with instructions, to allow
further time to the sitting member for taking ad-
ditional testimony
Mr.NEWLAND, (the petitioner,) having per-
mission to appear in his oivn behalf, addressed
the House: As he had before stated, he was but
a plain cultivator of the soil, and made no pre-
tensions to high learning; therefore, if he trans-
gressed the rules of order, he hoped it would not
be imputed to any other motive than the proper
one. He wished merely to lay the plain, simple
state offsets before the House. From the state-
ments which had been made in that House the
inference was to be drawn that the petitioner had
endeavored to take advantage of the sitting mem-
ber He dented any such charge, and merely
wished to call the attention of gentlemen to the
facts. It had been said by the sitting member
that the petitioner had occupied nearly all the
time for taking testimony, so that he (the sitting
member) had not an opportunity of getting his
testimony. Now, Mr. N. had to remark, that
the election was held in August, and on the 20th
of that month, when the polls were compared, he
had addressed many of his friends, in the pres-
ence of his honorable opponent, and had stated
his intention to contest his election, if it waa the
wish of the people that he should do so. On the
fourth Monday of September, the court met in
Burke county; and at that time his honorable op-
ponent was aware of the petitioner's intention to
contest his right to his seat, and he might have been
engaged in taking testimony throughout the coun-
ties at the courts which followed, if he had been
so disposed. The sitting member attended all
these courts, where he might have been employed
in the collection of evidence.                                    ,
Mr. N said he served notice on his opponent i
at the September court. How, then, could the
petitioner have been receiving evidence without
the knowledge of the sitting member  Th* peti-
tioner's object was, in taking the course of going
to the different county courts, to rive the sitting
member an opportunity of obtaining testimony.
If gentlemen would only take the trouble to look
at the documents, they would see which was en-
titled to the most credit. Mr. N. stated several
places in his district at which he had taken evi-
dence, and where the evideu<-e was crosa-exam-
wed, eithsr by the sitting «ismbar or hia agents.
He wished to call the attention of the Bouse to
: another fact, that on the 3d of November he
(the petitioner) had notified his opponent of hn
intention to take testimony at Morgan town on
the 30th of that month, and at Flat Rock on
the ÜríiU of the same month, but,after that notice
had been served, the sitting member had notified
the petitioner of his intention to tako testimony
on those same days at other places The peti-
tioner had also been notified to attend examina-
tions in places two hundred miles apart on the
same day. If gentlemen will examine the notices
they will find that, so farfrom the petitioner throw-
ing obstacles in the way of taking testimony,
it was the sitting member who threw the obstacles
in the way of the petitioner. He remarked, that
the notices were in conformity with the laws of
North Carolina. When the subject was before
the committee, the petitioner had expressed his
readiness to trust his fate to the testimony then in
his possession. After the committee had exam-
ined the testimony, they were informed that they
would be heard by the committee. Mr. N. recol-
lected (he said) he was content with the testimony
then in their possession. He recollected a motion
waa made in the committee, that the testimony
be submitted to them, that they might make out
an abstract. He tell to work to make out his
abstract, but although the sitting member was
there, and had the evidence in his possession, he
declined making out any. When the committee
next met, he (the petitioner) submitted his ab-
stract, but there had not one word been said about
further time until they had examined the docu-
ments. He did not wish to detain the House, but
he wished to correct a statement which had been
made there. It had been stated that, in the case
of Talifer and Hungerford, there was more tune
than in the present for taking depositions. It
had been stated that the parties then commenced
taking depositions in September, but it had been
carefully kept out of view that Congress met at
that time a month earlier than they do now. Con-
gress then met in November; so that the time
allowed in the present caso was longer than the
time then allowed. He had again to state to the
House that he had no sinister motive to bnng him
there, but that he came, as he conceived, by the
will of a majority of the freemen of his district,
not to maintain his own rights alone, but to main-
tain the rights of his constituents. He wished,
in all due deference to the House, to state that
their forefathers, in the adopuon of the Constitu-
tion, had said that each House shall be the judge
of their own elections, evidently intending that
they were the guardians of the rights of the people.
Therefore, if he was rightfully entitled to the seat
he ought to have it; and all he asked was stern
justice.
[Mr. N.'s speech will appear hereafter.]
Mr. HOWARD said that, as both the candi-
dates for membership had now addressed the
House, it seemed asir the argument was eloaed,
and the judicial functions of the House about to
commence. The question under consideration
was one of time, as the sitting member had re-
quested a postponement of the final trial until he
could have an opportunity of collecting further
testimony. When called upon to vote upon this
prayer, Mr. H. said that he found it sustained by
many considerations of great weight. The sit-
ting member alleged that he could not proceed
with justice to himself, and a respectable minor-
ity of the committee had recommended that the
indulgence should be granted. He had looked
into the case so far, and so far only, as to enable
himself to give a correct vote upon the quesuon
of time, ana regretted to say that he could not
Sant it. For a vote, apparently so unkind and
trsh, he begged leave to assign his reasons,
which, if not well-founded, could be shown to be
so, and he would cheerfully change his vota. It
seemed to him that, if the testimony was in an
imperfect state, it was the fault of the sitting
member that it was so; and if he should lose bis
seat in consequence of this imperfeouon, the re-
sult must be attributed to the error of judgment
into which the sitting member had fallen,, respect-
ing hisduty to his district and to the House. In
order to bring the point distinctly up, he would
request the Cferk to read the passages which he
