264
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
had marked in the report of the Committee of j
Elections.
I Tl> e Clerk accordingly read two extracts, show-
in" that the sitting member and minority of the
committee were of opinion that the evidence was
left imperfect from the necessity of his attending
to his duty at Washington at the opening of Con-
gress.]
Mr. H. said that he wholly dissented from the
opinion just read. It seemed to him that one of
the first duties of the House, after its organiza-
tion, was to inspect the validity of the titles of
those who presented themselves as members, in
order to settle all conflicting claims which might
arise, and this duty was in its nature preliminary
to the performance of all other duties. The
nation at large had a right to require that those
only who had been legally elected should sit and
vote upon matters of deep public interest, which
were often decided by a single vote. If this were
true, it became the duty of every member to in-
crease the facilities of the House for the decision
of conflicting claims with as much promptness
as justice would admit. The collection of testi-
inony was therefore in the direct discharge of the
first duty which the sitting member owed to the
House, and he erred in judgment when he aban-
doned the field in the midst of the investigation,
trusting the prosecution of the inquiry to friends
or agents who had omitted to fulfill it. The per-
sonal superintendence of the sitting member
ought to have been given to the scrutiny, because
there was no duty which he could have been
called upon to perform in Washington of such
urgency as the investigation of his own title to a
«eat. The consequence of the error was, that
now, in the midJle of March, the House was
Called upon to postpone its final inquiry into the
case, in order that the sitting member might either
leave his Beat and repair to his district to obtain
additional testimony, or again trust those agents
who had already disappointed him. Mr. H. said
that he meant no disrespect to the sitting mem-
ber-, but it was one of those cases where a public
man must construe his duty for himself, and abide
by the consequences if he judged erroneously.
If he had moved into his building before exam-
ining whether its fotindations were secure, and it
should tumble upon him, the misfortune could be
attributed only to the  hasty zeal with which he
had taken possession.   Had it been his own case,
(Mr. H. said,) he would not have left his adver-
sary in possession of the field, but remained as
long as the combat went on.    It was the case of
two generals who had fought a battle, in which
one appeared  to be Xrorsted, bat the victor had
gone too soon into winter-quarters.    His oppo-
nent had continued the contest, and captured post
after post; and now this House, a neutral party,
is asked to interpose, and obtain a postponement
of further operations, until the field can again be
taken and the lost ground recovered.    Justice to
the parties, to the people of the district, and to
the nation, forbade it.    It was now the middle of
March; and if the defective state of the evidence
was owing to the error of the sitting member,
what was the condition of the petitioner?    For
three months and a half he had prosecuted his
claim; and if the friends of the sitting member had
consulted together  to  devise a plan by which
most effectually to baffle the petitioner, none could
have been adopted more likely to succeed than to
procrastinate the inquiry during the whole winter,
and in the spring obtain a further grant of time.
But, he again said, that he imputed nothing of
the kind to the sitting member or his friends, who
were no doubt convinced of the justice of his
cause, and disposed to uphold it by the fairest
proceedings.    He compared the House to pas-
sengers in a stage-coach, for a journey of thirty
miles, empowered to decide upon the rights to
seats.   One of these being claimed, the petitioner
was told to run along for ten miles, and then the
case would be decided; but at the end of that time
he is told that the passengers have been talking
about other things, and he must continue his
pursuit for ten miles more—when, two thirds of
the journey being over, he shall be allowed to
come in, if his right shall be confirmed.
Mr. H. said he had thus presented, as briefly
as possible, his reasons for declining to grant
further time; but was willing to take up the case
upon the evidence before the House, which he
would examine without prejudice.
Mr. GRAHAM said it must be borne in mind
by the House that, at each time that he had ad-
dressed them, it was a matter of sheer duty to !
himself. It had been said by the petitioner that
he had given notice at the comparing of the polls
of his intention to contest the election. Mr. G.
knew that the petitioner had made such a state-
ment, but it had been made to an assembly of
persons, and not to him personally, and it was
impossible for him to say whether he intended
to do so or not, from that assertion. The peti-
tioner had also stated that he had given notice
that he would take testimony on days which had
already been set apart for that purpose. Mr. G.
asked how he was to take testimony in any other
way, when the petitioner had every day appro-
priated to himself? With regard to what had
fallen from the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Howard,] he had only to say that, whatever
might be his notion, Mr. G. was bound to con-
form to the opinion of his constituents; and how-
ever much he might respect that gentleman's
opinions, still he respected the opinion of his
constituents more. Mr. G. then read letters from ,
three of the persons which he had appointed ;
agents to take testimony and cross-examine wit- i
nesses, stating that for various reasons they had 1
not been enabled to perform that duty.                    I
Mr. NEWLAND, in reply, remarked that, if
he were disposed to pursue the same course
adopted by the sitting member, he could have
produced a large number of letters of the same (
tenor, but he had resolved to abide by the usual
action of that House and the laws of the State of
North Carolina. This observation applied equally
to additional depositions which had been tendered
to him, but he had refrained from availing him-
self of them for the same reason.
Mr. BOYD adverted to a few facts in the report
of the committee, showing that full and sufficient
notices had in all cases been given to the sitting
member, and that any complaint on that, ground
would have come with far more propriety or
reason from the petitioner than his opponent.
The former had not only served the latter with
notices in due time, but with even more time than
the strict requisition of the laws of North Caro-
lina required. Mr. B. also entered into a state-
ment of sundry facts which occurred in the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. MAURY explained that he had distinctly
: recollected, at one meeting of the committee, at
which all the members were not present, that a
majority of those present deemed the notice in-
sufficient, and that the sitting member ought to j
be allowed more time.                                                  '
Mr. BOYD had not charged any one with mis-
representation; but where so many meetings were
i held it was natural to expect a discrepancy of
! recollection.    The sitting member had not made
¡ the application in time, and the committee had
passed on the sufficiency of the  notices before
I they entered on the testimony.    His recollection
varied from that of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAURY said  the protest of the sitting
member had been overruled, and he was not ap-
prised of it in time.    He called upon the honor-
able chairman of the committee to state what his
recollection was on this point.
;     Mr. CLAIBORNE could not undertake to rc-
I late everything that occurred in the committee,
I  but he would say he was not in the habit of corn-
il municating anything to either of the parties, un-
'i less under instructions of the committee.  He did
| communicate to Mr. Graham the action on his
i protest.   He recollected, also, a meeting of the
II  committee, at which a majority of those present
were of opinion the notices were sufficient; that
i is, that they contained a sufficient indication of an
,' intent to dispute the election, and a sufficient in-
11 dication of an intention to take depositions.
j     Mr. WISE hen called for the orders of* the
i day, but the motion was negatived.
Mr. BOYD again proceeded, and said he had a
most distinct recollection that the committee did
act on the preliminary question long before the
middb of January.                                                     ;
Mr. HARD next obtained the floor, but gave
way to
Mr. MAURY, who desired to explain.   The '
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] had re-
marked that he was borne out in the statements
which he had made by the recollections of several
members of the committee. He (Mr. M.) was
satisfied that the facts which he had submitted
were substantially set forth in the report which
was signed by four members of the minority.
He repeated that his recollection was distinct,
that on the 15th of January the chairman was
instructed to notify Mr. Graham that his protest
had been overruled, and, in point of fact, no de-
cision was made before the day to which he had
referred. Several days previous to that time he
had been asked by the sitting member, if they
had come to any decision upon his protest, and
he informed him that they had not, but were
waiting for a full meeting of the committee.
Mr. HARD again addressed the House, and
contended that the notices given to the sitting'
member by Mr. Newland, were informal and
insufficient, both as to time and substance. He
urged the propriety of granting further time to the
sitting member to take testimony essential to his
defense, and to a correct decision of the case; and
entered into a particular description of the notices,
to show not only their insufficiency, but that their
general character was so indefinite and vague as
to preclude the sitting member from the opportu-
nity of taking all the testimony which he deemed
necessary.
Before Mr. H. concluded his remarks, the hour
arrived for proceeding to the consideration of the
special order.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rule, for the
purpose of proceeding with the consideration of
the contested election.
Mr. GALBRAITH called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and were as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Ash, Barton, Beale,
Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon, Borden, Boul-
din, Bovec, Boyd, Brown, Burns, Bynum, Carr, Casey,
Chancy, Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, Cleve-
land, CofFee, Cole?, Conner, Craig, Cushman, Davis, De-
bcrry, Dickerson. Doublcday, Dromgoole, Effncr, Fairfield,
Farltn, French, Fry, VVjlJjajn K. Fuller, Calbraitli, Jame 
Garland, Gillet, Graham, Grantland, Grayson, Griffin, Iln-
ley, Jo.-eph Hall, Hamer, Hannegan, Samuel P. Harrison,
Hawes, Hawkins. Havnes, Henderson, Holsey, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jar-
vis, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson,
John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson,Kennon, Kilgore,
Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas
Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Aliijah Mann, Job
Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses
Masou, May, McKay, MeKeon, McKim, ¡VIcLene, Miller,
Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens, Parker, Parks,
Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Pinck-
ney, John Reynolds,Koane, Robertson, Schenck, Augustine
H. Shepperd, Shinn, ¡Sickles, Smith, Sutherland, Thomas,
Toueey, Towns, Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Wagener,
Ward, Wardwell, Welister, and Weeks—125.
NAYS — Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Bailey,
Bell, Bond, liriggs, John Oalhooii, William B. Calhoun,
Cambreleng, Campbejl, Carter, George Chambers, John
Chambers, Childs, Clark, Corwin, Crane, Gushing, Darling-
ton, Denny, Dunlap, Evans, Everett, Forester, Philo C.
Fuller, Granger, Graves, Grennell, Hiland Hall, Harlan,
Harper, Hazelrine, Heister, Hoar, Howell, Huntsman, In-
gersoll, Janes, Henry Johnson, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay,
Luke Lea, Lincoln, Sampson Mason, Maury, McKennau,
Mercer, Milligan, Morris, Peyton, Phillips, Pickens, Reed,
Rcncher, Russell, William B. Shepard, Shields, Sloane,
Spanglcr, Standel'er, Steele, Slorer, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, Underwood.Vinton, Washington, White, Wbit-
tlcsey, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—72.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
!     Mr. HA WES moved to suspend the rules, in
! order to enable him to submit a motion to rescind
the order of the House making the appropria-
Í tion bills the special order for each day, and called
for the yeas and nays on his motion; which were
¡' not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Hawes was then nega-
tived without a count.
i
|               NAVAL  APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House, pursuant to the special order of the 26th
j January, then resolved itself into the Committee of
J the Whole on the state of the Union. (Mr. Hambr
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service
of the United States for the year 1836. The
question pending was the motion of Mr. Bell,
to strike out the following item from the bill:
For improvement and necessary repairs of the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, sixty-seven thousand
dollars.
Mr. B. having withdrawn his previous motion
