tbhk t&mj&mmm ithom.
Marcfe IB,
baa*, fixiac the adjournment of Congress for
boom day ¡nMay next, was uk«n up, when
Mr. KING moved to lay it for the present on
the table, and said that when this resolution came
to be finally acted on he would move to insert in
the blank the 30th day of May. This motion
was agreed to.
The remainder of the resolutions lying on the
table, except that submitted by Mr. Brnton,
were considered and agreed to.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Bcwtok, to
expunge from the Journal of the Senate the reso-
lution of Mr. Clat, condemnatory of the Presi-
dent of the United States, was taken up for con-
sideration.
Air. BENTON then addressed the Senate in a
speech of great length, in support of the resolu-
tion; but before concluding he gave way to
Mr. HUBBARD, on whose motion it was
OritreJ, That when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Webster for ten days from
to-day.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 18, 1836.
Mr. BOON moved to suspend the rules for one
nour to enable the standing and select committees
to report.
Upon a count there appeared to be—ayes 49,
noes 64; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONNOR moved ~a call of the House;
which was negatived.
Mr. BOON waived his motion to suspend the
rules, and the House resumed the consideration
of the
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Two motions were pending. The first in order
was that of Mr. Maun, of New York, making the
Teport of the Committee of Elections the special
order of the day for Wednesday next; and the
second proposition was that of Mr. Hard, to
recommit the report with instructions, to allow
further time to the sitting members for taking
additional testimony.
Mr. HARD continued,at considerable length,
the remarks which he commenced yesterday. He
wished to call the attention of the House to some
of the facts which ought to induce them to grant
further time to the sitting member to take testi-
mony. In the first place, the notice given the
sitting member was not sufficient, either as to
length of time, oras to form; and the sitting mem-
ber had scarcely any of the time allowed him for
taking evidence, after notice was given, because
the petitioner occupied nearly the whole of it him-
self. That fact alone ought to induce the House
to grant further time. As he was one of the mi-
nority of the committee who had recommended
further time to be given the sitting member, he felt
called upon to show the reasons which had led them
to that conclusion. The gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Howard,] who addressed the House yes-
terday, had stated it as his opinion, that it was
the paramount duty of the sitting member to have
remained in his district, and that he should not have
left it even to attend to a duty which was deemed
paramount by the committee to every other. Mr.
H. did not agree with the honorable gentleman.
He considered it the duty of the sitting member
to have attended at the meeting of Congress, if
for no other parpóse than to maintain his right to
his seat there. The same remark might apply to
the petitioner. The petitioner had thought proper
to lie there himself to attend to his own trial in
propria persona. Well, if it became a matter of
so much importance that the petitioner had re-
mained there at his own expense, was it not of
importance that the sitting member should be there
also for the purpose of explaining and being heard
before the committee jn his own defense ? The
opinion of the gentleman from Maryland could
not have proceeded from due reflection in the case.
The question for the House to decide presented
itself in one simple undivided point, which was
this, has the sitting member had sufficient time for
the collection of his evidence ? He would appeal
to the good sense of the House, whether the great
extent of the district and the short time allowed—
' not more than thirty days, for the collection of
testimony, and that time employed almost exclu-
sively by the petitioner—should not induce them
to grant the sitting member further time to allow
him to take his defensive evidence ? He then re-
curred to some of the occurrences in committee on
the subject.
On the 15th of December last was the first day
on which the Committee of Elections met and
were organized; at least, it was the first day that
the parties had an opportunity of having their
claims considered. The committee found a mass
of testimony before them, and they permitted the
petitioner to be heard by counsel, so that he had
all his points laid clearly before the committee.
When the counsel had closed his remarks, the
sitting member rose and offered his protest «pro-
testing against receiving the evidence, and offered
reasons for rejecting it which were considered
sound reasons by a portion of the committee;
and the committee were then unwilling to decide,
because they might be liable to decide wrong. At
the next meeting of the committee the member of
the committee from North Carolina was absent.
It was found that the committee were divided in
opinion as to the legality of the testimony. It
was proposed that they should postpone the con-
sideration of the case until the member from
North Carolina returned; but, as there was a
great deal on the hands of the committee, it was
agreed that they should go on examining the tes-
timony, and not come to a decision of the matter
until the gentleman from North Carolina re turned.
Unfortunately, however, for the committee at that
time, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bu-
chanan] was taken sick, and they continued still
to examine the evidence in the case. Ata subse-
quent day, however, a vote was taken, and it was
found that a majority of the committee present
overruled the receiving of the protest; but the
report would show that the decision was not made
until the 14th day of January.
Mr. BOYD said he had stated, on the first day
that the preliminary question was before the
House, what he again intended to state—which
was, that the sitting member had offered aprotest,
wishing to set aside the whole of the testimony;
and that the only vote which was taken was the
vote which overruled that protest, and that was
among the first acts of the committee in investi-
gating that case.
Mr. HARD resumed, and again stated that the
first decision of the committee was made known
to the sitting member on the 14th day- of January.
< He contended that the sitting member was not
bound to take any action in the matter Witil that
decision was made known to him. Soon after
the 14th day of January, the sitting member
applied for further time, which was as soon as he
was bound to do so. In reply to what had been
said about the sitting member applying to the
House for further time, he had only to remark,
that that would not have been the parliamentary
course, and he had no doubt it would have been
objected to. But, supposing he had presented a
petition to the House, the Usual course would be
to refer it to the committee that had charge of
the subject; and it would have gone back to the
committee, there to sleep. He would only ask,
in reply to the charge of unnecessary and oppres-
sive delay, on whom was the charge to rest ? The
committee were ready to act at any time, and on
whom the fault was to fall he would leave gentle-
men to answer.
¡     Mr. MAURY did not rise for the purpose of
making a speech, but far the purpose of making
i a statement to the House; and he called upon the
, gentleman from Kentucky to admit or deny the
I  correctness of it; because it Was proper that this
,  matter should be truly presented to the House.
About the middle of December, the protest of the
i, sitting member was presented to the committee.
At that time there were seven members of the
committee present out of nine; the vote was
taken, and of the seven members four were of
opinion that the protest ought to be overruled;
and there were three of opinion that it ought to
be sustained, so that four was a minority of nine.
I It was then suggested, as two members were
absent, and as the majority of the whole number
of the committee had not concurred in overruling
the protest, that the matter might lie over, and a
full session of the committee did not take place
until the middle of January. At that time, it
appeared that the protest was overruled, and no
sooner; and at that time the chairman of the com-
mittee informed the sitting member that his pro-
test was overruled. He knew the fact was not
made known formally to the sitting member, and
he believed it had not been made known inform-
ally at an earlier day.
Mr. RENCHER said he did not wish to pro-
tract the debate, but he wished to present some
views which were necessary to come finally to a
correct decision. He was satisfied that, by both
the reports, the laws and constitution of North
Carolina had been misconceived so far, that it
was impossible for the House to decide with ref-
erence to them. He would ask nny gentleman
to tell him by the reports what constituted a legal
voter for the lower branch of the North Carolina
Legislature ? The report of the majority was
silent as the grave on the subject, and the minor-
ity had even done worse, for they had made
a misstatement of the facts. If the petitioning
gentleman obtained a seat on that floor, he must
obtain it on grounds strictly technical and legal.
Mr. R. here read an extract from the constitution
of North Carolina, showing that a voter must be
a resident of the county in which he votes one
year preceding the election. He said it would be
borne in mini that that provision related to the
State Legislature, and showed that each voter
shall vote in the county in which he resides, and
that he shall have resided therein twelve months
immediately preceding the election. It was sup-
posed that provision did not apply in practice for
i members of Congress; and although a voter could
I not vote out of his county for members of the
Legislature, yet he might vote out of the county,
provided he voted in the district, for members of
Congress. Well, it appeared that thirteen votes
had been stricken from the sitting member's list
which were legal votes, but which had voted by
the prevailing practice there in another county,
but within his district.
The CHAIR remarked that it would not be in
order to discuss the merits of the report on the
preliminary question.
Mr. RENCHER. resumed. He merely wished
to state his reasons, by referring to the report
for recommitting that report to the Committee of
Elections, for the purpose of allowing the sitting
member time to taKe further testimony.    He was
going to show, that, although it was against the
constitution, yet it was customary, and that they
had not only custom to sanction it, but that even
i one of the brothers of the petitioner had voted out
' of the county of'which he was a resident; but
1 they had even more: the petitioner himself, whom
' he held in high esteem, had done so; therefore he
' considered it a reasonable mistake.   It was a
reasonable mistake for the people to make, when
the petitioner himself made the same mistake.
Mr. WHITTLESEY called for the orders of
the day.
'     Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to suspend the
rules for this day, for the purpose of proceeding
with the consideration of the subject then pend-
ing, and intimated, at the same time, that if it
¡ was not disposed of to-day he should renew a
' similar motion to-morrow.
I     Mr. MANN, of New York, asked for the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; and the vote was
—yeas 111, nays 74.
VEAS —Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Ash, Barton, Bean,
Beardsley, Beaumont, Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Burns,
Bymim, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Ohapin, Na-
thaniel H. Claiborne, Cleveland. Coffee, Coles, Connor,
Craig, Cusliman, Davis, Dickerson, Dickson, DouWeday,
Dromgoole, Efliier, Fairfield, Fowler, French, William K.
i FuJler,Gillet, Glascock,Graham,Gramland, Haley, Samuel
| 8. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Henderson, Ilol-
í tey, Hopkins, Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Ingham, Jabez
Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benja-
min Jones, Ju<l*on, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Klingen-
smith, Lane, Lansing, Lawler, Gideon -j«e, Thomas Lee,
Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Martin,
John Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses Mason, Maury,
Mar, McKeon, McKiin, McLene, Montgomery, Morgan,
Muhlenberg, Owens, Parker, Parks, J'atteraon, Dutee J.
Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Reed, Kencher, John
Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Robertson, Rogers,
Scbenck, Augustine H. Shepperd, Bhinn, Sickles, Smith,
Sutherland, Thomas, Watfdy Thompson, Toucey, Turner,
