TMv OONUftKHSiONAL 4KLQBH
March 19,
in* d toett  s«iaá 4««dMrwüea ten|^r;
He wished to present to the <*n*ideratt B of Uw
House another  view of the  question, and he
wished  to  impress it on  those members who
aune from States whose ejections were viva voce.
In Virginia «"*• Kentucky they vote viva *oct.
Esch name is called out and registered, and eppo-
«itc to the name of the voter is placed the name
of the candidate for whom he votes; and when an
election is there contested, all the sitting member
has to do is to see the poll-book, and he can as-
certain who voted and how he voted.   That,
however, was not the case in North Carolina;
there the sitting member could see who voted, but
how he voted would have to be ascertained in
a different way.   There you have to go into the
precincts and ascertain by inquiry how. each per-
son voted.   On the 2d of October the petitioner
gave the sitting member notice of an intention to
contest the election.   The sitting member from
that time was to procure the poll-books and go
through an extent of country upwards of two
hundred miles in length to ascertain how his con-
stituents had voted; and at the same time the
grounds on which his election was contested were
concealed from  him.   The notices would have
been definite, if the names of the -persons who
were charged as illegal voters had been stated to
him; but no such thug was intimated to him. If
«ven the witnesses by whom the petitioner ex-
pected to prove those illegal votes had been stated
to the sitting nsember, he would have known what
todo. Mr. R. wonldaak tb* House, if it had been
the intention of the petitioner to devise a plan to
keep the sitting member in the dark, if one could
have been mare cunningly devised ?   The peti-
tioner passes through the district, and ascertains
that illegal votes had been given to the sitting
member, and legal vates refused the petitioner,
and then, after two months, he gave notice of his
intention to contest the election, and that notice
as vague as it possibly could be.   The votes that
were to be disclosed as illegal were kept from the
sitting member, *o that he could not tell what to
do, while the petitioner knew haw to proceed in
the matter.   He would ask the House, tf two
months could be considered reasonable notice in
a large congressional dialariot, where they vote by
ballot, and where the sitting member was to as-
certain how the votes were given by going and
-examining evidence.   Why did the petitioner not
give notice at once i Why were those two months
occupied by him in hunting up those illegal votes.'
That was the difficulty.
Mr. B. said the case of Taliferand Hungerford
had been referred to, and he would take occasion
also to make some reference to it. That case was
from the State of Virginia, where they voted viva
voce, and where you can ascertain the illegal votes
by referring to the poll book. The election took
place in April, and in May Mr. Talifer gave notice
to Mr. Hungerford of his intention to contest the
election; he specified the grounds on which he
contested the election; he specified the votes
given illegally, and specified all the witnesses by
whom he was to prove those illegal votes; but it
appeared that Hungerford neglected to procure
«vidence, although Talifer had given him ample
notice; yet the Committee of Elections, notwith-
standing Hangerford's neglect, decided that he
should have more time to take testimony. They
reported in favorof granting time; but the House,
in consequence of Hungertord's entire neglect,
refused, by a small majority, to grant further
time. There was a case in which the Commit-
tee of Elections agreed that further time should
be .given, notwithstanding the assertion in the
report of the present committee, that granting of
further time was unprecedented. In a recent case,
too, that of Moore and Letcher, the House
agreed that further time should be given to both
parties. In this case, too, the vote was taken
viva toce, and notice was given immediately, so
that both parties went to taking testimony at
once. He conceived that a stronger case than
this could not be presented, for both parties had
been taking testimony for four months; yet the
parties and the House conceived that they had
not taken enough to do justice to their district,
and the House sent both parties back to take
testimony. They did not consider the applica-
tion unreasonable by both parties; and it was no
t  it at present that both parties did not
apply for time.   If one party objected to it, it
was evidently taking advantage of the other; And
was the petitioner afraid of hearing the troth in
this case? He knew not that this was the fact;
but he was in favor of letting the twelfth district
speak her own voice, and -not put a voice into her
mouth. In the Moore and Letcher case, the par-
ties had six months to collect evidence; and the
committee were not then able to decide which of
the parties were entitled to the seat; yet, in the
present case, gentlemen had intimated tltat it
might be settled in a few hours. He knew the
present was a difficult question to settle, because
the report of the committee was a perfect insolv-
able riddle. Did the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boto] suppose the House was to take his
report upon faith? It would seem so. He would
ask if there were any one who could tell the prin-
ciples on which that report was founded ? Then,
if the members of the 'present House could not
tell, how much more difficult would it be for
members of future Congresses to tell ?
A gentleman from New York [Mr. Vawosb.-
roEL] had said that the question might be de-
cided in a single hour; yet the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] had not been able to make
* report in the case in less than two months. He
thought it would be difficult for the House tode-
cide in one hour what had cost the gentleman
from Kentucky two months' arduous labor. He
said it was not as the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Howard] supposed. It was not because
the sitting member did not consider his ease
strong enough that he made the application, but
it was because he wanted to put it Beyond all sort
of doubt. Mr. R. had examined the case as well
as he could, and he liad no sort of doubt but
that the sitting member would be sustained in
his seat, and he would stake his all upon the
issue, that he would be sustained by incontro-
vertible evidence; but if the sitting member and
the petitioner can take further testimony, letit be
done. Gentlemen had said that this case ought
to be decided at once. It would be recollected
that, in the case of Moore and Letcher, although
Kentucky was deprived of one of her Represent-
atives, yet they did not press a conclusion until
the facts in the case could be ascertained. The
petitioner had received at the hands of the com-
mittee and of the House all the indulgence it was
possible to receive. He had been entitled to the
benefit of able counsel in the committcc-room;
and, if the committee liad gone by the strict rules
of parliamentary law, they would have decided
every question in favor of the sitting member,
for a majority of the committee were at all times
in favor of the sitting member.
All the important questions had been decided
by a member of the committee in his sick cham-
ber.  Here was a most unparliamentary proceed-
ing, yet it had been allowed.    They have taken
the vote of a member of the committee in his sick
chamber; and was it possible, under these circum-
stances, that the House can refuse the application
of the sitting member for further time, to take
testimony, when the reasons and authority he
had assigned were all so favorable to the appli-
cation for further time?   He wished now to ex-
amine some parts of the report of the committee,
for the purpose of showing that, in point of fact,
it did not state what actually existed, and that it
stated that which did not exist; and he thought
if he could show this, the House would not refuse
to recommit the report to the committee to be cor-
rected, and to put the House in the possession of
, the means to decide the question for themselves.
, The Committee of Elections had stated in their
report that, if the application had been made at
the commencement of the session, it would not
have been granted; and state that no authority
could be found for doing so.   Mr. R. said he had
just cited the case of Talifer and Hungerford, in
, which the Committee of Elections had decided that
further time should be allowed, but the House
had refused to grant time; and he had cited the
case of Moore and Letcher to show that the House
had granted further time.
[Mr. R. here had extracts read from the ma-
jority's report, and from the evidence of Robert
Hall and James W. Killian, to show that the
committee had made an erroneous statement in
relation t  the evidence of those two gentle-
men.]
Mr. R. said, that it would be seen that the report
stated that Robert Hall swore that it was cus-
tomary to correct such mistakes. Now, (Mr. R.
said,) Robert Hall swore no such thing; he swore
that it was customary for men who live in the
district to vote at whatever county in the district
they might be at; and he swore nothing else.
The report said there was no positive proof to
show how many ballots were exchanged. The
evidence of Killian showed that there were six,
and those six were given for Newland; yet the
report said there were some for Newland and
some for Graham. The report stated, it was not
known how many votes were exchanged; yet
Killian had sworn that there were five or six.
There was, therefore, a material misstatement
of facts in one short sentence. The committee
had stated, that it was impossible to decide
whether these five or six votes should .be taken
from the petitioner's poll, as there might have
been some for the sitting member; yet the witness
swore that they were all given to the petitioner;
and the poll-book showed that there were five votes
more counted than were given in. He asked the
House to bear in mind that a great constitutional
question was hanging upon that misstatement of
facts. He appealed to the House to say whether
they would allow a report to go down to their
successors, when the principles on which it was
founded were grossly mistaken. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Bovd] had stated to the
House, that he examined himself to discover if
he had erred; but, notwithstanding that, the gen-
tlemen had done the sitting member gross injus-
tice. The law of North Carolina gave no power
to judges to strike off votes. The committee have,
however, added five votes, which they state were
legally offered and illegally refused.
Mr. HAMER rose to a point of order. He
understood that there were two motions before the
House: one to fix a day for the consideration of
the report, and the other a motion to recommit
the report to the committee, to allow the sitting
member further time to take testimony. His
question of order was this: Whether, upon a mo-
.tion to recommit to a committee, it was in order
to discuss the proposition whether the committee
had correctly stated the facts already laid before
them, or drawn proper deductions from those
facts ?
The CHAIR stated, that tó discuss the merits
of the question was not in order. He had, how-
ever, not arrested the gentleman's remarks, be-
cause others had gone somewhat into the merits
of the question,and the Chair found a difficulty in
restraining those remarks.
Mr. HARDIN said that there was nothing
stronger in favor of recommitting the subject to
the committee than that the report was erroneous
in point of fact.
Mr. RENCHER resumed. He had gone into
1 the examination of the report to show that the
facts were misstated. He hoped it would not be
, considered out of order that a member should set
the committee right. He had gone into the ex-
amination to show that the committee were mis-
led themselves, and being so misled, they also
misled the House. He thought it the duty of the
l House, when it was made to appear that the
i committee had represented facts which were not
true, that they should recommitit,as the least that
could be done. He presumed that if the House
! suppose that this statement was not made in good
faith, it Would do something more. He had taken
o«casion to put the committee right, where they
had added five votes as having been legally of-
fered for the petitioner and illegally refused. In
the State of North Carolina, when a man comes
to the polls and desires to vote, and that vote is re-
fused him, he has the right to demand to be sworn
to his qualifications; but if he refuse to be sworn,
no matter what his qualifications may be, the
judges have a right to reject his vote, and this
House has no right to receive that vote. The
committee say that votes were legally tendered for
the petitioner and illegally refused. Have the
committee any proof of that? No. Have they
shown you the law on the subject? No, sir.
Then he would ask gentlemen to read the law.
The judges, by the law, have the right to require
