mm   f                       rHH >«oNCrf Bssi€Hi\L ofeansr                              *m
every roter to be qualified; awl if tk* -M*er re/bse
to swear to his own qualifications; the judf^s M**
the right to refuse his vote.
The CHAIR informed the House that the hour
had arrived for proceeding to the orders of the
day.
Mr. HARD moved a suspension of the roles
for the day, for the purpose of proceeding in the
consideration of the present subject.
The question was taken bjjtellerssind decided
in the affirmative —yeas 129, nays not counted.
Mr. RENCHER then proceeded. The conv
mittee have reported (said he) that the rejected
votes were legally tendered; and Mr. R. hoped
he had fully shown the fallacy of this. There was
no proof that the voters were qualified, nor were
they called upon to prove their own qualification
at the election before the judges in the only legal
and proper mode. On the contrary, the judges
had said the voters were not' qualified, and the
only evidence opposed to this was that of a single
witness, a relative of the petitioner, who swore
they were qualified. Mr. R. then reviewed the
testimony of several of the petitioner's witnesses,
ai.d contended that by the law and constitution
of the State of North Carolina, their votes were
properly rejected: first, from not being legally
tendered; and, secondly, from a want of qualifi-
cation—the former a necessary consequence
growing out of the latter. These were John A.
Jetton, John S. Small, Jonathan Sells, and two
others.
Mr. R. said, that upon this subject he had no
party predilections. He knew no party in the
controversy but his country, and he would submit
to no dictation. It had been said that both these
gentlemen had hoisted the same nag; and what
right, then, would he have to entertain a party
feeling upon this subject? He could not believe
that either of those men had pulled down that flag.
Anxious and ambitious as the petitioner might
be—and it was a laudable ambition to hold a seat
en that floor—Mr. R. could not bring himself to j
believe thathe would do it by sacrificing his* polit-
ical principles, and much less that he would
barter away the rights and political principles of
the twelfth congressional district of North Car-
olina. But if any man could be found willing to
do that, Mr. R. could not bring himself to beheve
that any party could be found willing, by bribery
and bargain, to procure support by trampling upon
the constitution and the elective franchise of a
sovereign State. Mr. R. concluded by repeating
that he had no party predilections upon this sub-
ject, and that upon every question involved in
this contested election, he should give his vote,
to the best of his judgment, in support of what he
believed to be consistent with the law and the
constitution of the State he had the honor in part
to represent.
Mr. NEWLAND then addressed the House
at some length. He said, he was sorry it had
again become his duty to trouble the House with
any further remarks. When the House did him
the honor to permit him to appear, on Wednes-
day last, in his own behalf, he first addressed the
Chair, and inquired the nature of the motions
then pending. The Chair was kind enough to
explain, and informed him that it would be. out of
order to discuss the main question. Mr. N., on
that occasion, endeavored strictly to observe the
landmarks laid down by the Chair, carefully
avoiding any explanation of the testimony, and
confining himself to a plain and simple statement
of facts in regard to the notices he had served on
his honorable opponent, and the notices served
•n himself by his opponent. If, on that occa-
sion, he was happy enough to be understood, and
gentlemen had examined the dates he then referred
to, he trusted the House was now fully satis-
fied that, so far from the petitioner having any
intention to seek any advantages of the sitting
member, he had manifested every disposition to
afford that gentleman all the facilities a reason-
able man could ask for. He had given him more
than double the time the laws or their State re-
«uired, serving the original notice on him at the
September court in Burke county, the first court
in the district, and continuing, week after week,
from one county to another, until it passed
through the whole district, at each and all of
which his opponent saw all his friends, and had
all tne oopdrtunity he could have asked for to
collect and embody his testimony.
Mr. N. said, these facts spoke for themselves;
and gentlemen surely must be satisfied that the
sitting member had occupied more time in taking
depositions than he had, coupled as this was with
the fact that the sitting member had notified him
(the petitioner) that he would continue taking
depositions up to the 15th of December, having
served notices to that effect prior to his (Mr.
Graham's) leaving home.
By permission of the House, Mr. N. would turn
for a moment to the remarks that had fallen from
several honorable gentlemen who had spoken, but
more particularly to what had just fallen from one
of the Representatives from his own State, [Mr.
Rencher.] As to the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Har ,] Mr. N. could not pre-
tend to answer him, for the reason that much of
what he said was in an unknown tongue, or, at
least, in language Mr. N. was not conversant
in. The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Rencher] presumed he would, under no circum-
stances, permit him to call the gentleman his col-
league—had said a good deal about prejudging his
case, and about predilections. Now he (M*. N.)
would appeal to the candor of the House to say
whether the gentleman himsel f had not prej udged
this case ? Before concluding his remarks, the
gentleman had taken occasion to refer to the pol-
itics of the two contending gentlemen, [Mr. Gra-
ham and Mr. Newland.] These remarks ren-
dered it incumbent upon him that he should give
some further explanation than was prescribed to
him by the direction of the Speaker, or than he
had originally intended; and as the gentleman
[Mr. Rencher] had indulged in a very wide
range of argument and discussion, Mr. N. hoped
the House would extend the same courtesy to-
wards himself. So far as politics were concerned,
be had no secrets to keep. His politics were and
ever had been known, both in the Legislature of
his native State and to the people of his whole
district. They had been inculcated into his youth-
ful mind, and were in accordance with the views
of one who made bare his bosom to achieve the
liberties he then enjoyed. His early opinions he
had never abandoned, nor would he; and if gen-
tlemen wished to investigate his polities, he not \
only challenged, but should court it. He held
himself ready to give a full, a fair, and impartial
history of his whole course, if it was desired. He
had nothing to conceal, little to regret, and still
less to retract.
Mr. N. then proceeded to say that he had been
an humble supporter of the present Administra-
tion, which had, in his opinion, carried out the
Crinciples he verily believed to have been intended
y the framers of the great charter of our rights.
The CHAIR here interposed, and informed the
gentleman that the coarse he was pursuing was
not strictly in order.
Mr. MAURY moved that the gentleman have
leave to proceed.
Mr. BYNUM thought, as the petitioner's poli-
tics had been first brought into question by his
colleague, [Mr. Rencher,] that the former gen-1
tleman had a right to proceed in reply.                  I
The House then agreed to the motion of Mr.
Maürt.
Mr. NEWLAND thanked the House for the
indulgence, but having been rebuked, he would
not proceed farther on that subject. He hoped,
however, he might be permitted to say to the
honorable gentleman [Mr. Rencher] that he
(Mr. N.) was not one of those who fought under
different colors. He would merely ask the gen-
tleman to take the beam from his own eye, ere
he could flatter himself with possessing that dis-
tinct perception to be able to take the mote from
his brother's. Sir, (said Mr. N ,) " straws show
which way the wind blows;" and it is easy to
perceive from the gentleman's argument what "he
is aiming at. You know the maxim, sir, that
"dog will not eat dog," and from the highest
authority we are told that " he that is not for me
is against me." The gentleman, in his elaborate
speech, had, as must be apparent to all who heard
him, taken but one side of the case.
The gentleman had given the House one rea-
son why this report should be recommitted, viz:
that the committee had wholly misconstrued the
constituti*n of North Ceroliw  ifc nfetffed t  th«
qualifications of voters. Now, witk«H*ÍM def-
erence to the legal-«pinions of th«V Matte mho,
Mr. N. must be permitted to say that he was
himself wholly wrong, and that the gentleman'*
opinion totally conflicted with the construction
given to that section by the most able, experi-
enced, and learned men of their State. Mr. N. •
then read that part of the constitution of North
Carolina, and commented at some length «pon
the interpretation given to the section relating to
elections by Mr. Rencher, whose argument, ha
said, was an absurdity, being totally at variance
with the common meaning of simple language,
unless the elause was intended to consist of
empty words, and mean nothing. The constitu-
tion was so plain and explicit, that it se«med to
him strange indeed that the gentleman should
have given it the construction he had.
Mr. N. then referred to the letters and state-
ments of the sitting member, and said " out of
lúa own mouth let him be judged." Lawyer a 
his opponent was, Mr. N. was at a loss to per-
ceive how the gentleman could gel out ef the dif-
ficulty. The gentleman thought, perhaps, he
was playing a safe -game, by objecting to Mr.
N. 'a testimony, yet he was willing to avail him-
self of the very same kind of testimony to that
he objected to on Mr. N.'s part; if lie could sus-
tain himself by testimony, he would do so; if
not, then the gentleman would set the whole
aside.
Mr. N. made some further remarks, principally
in reply to the speech of the sitting member;
which will be given in txltns* hereafter.
At the suggestion of Mr. Cambrelemg,
Mr. MANN, of New York, then modified his
motion by inserting Thursday, the 24th of
March, instead of Wednesday, the 23d, so as to
make the subject the special order for that dayj
which was agreed to by the House.
The question then recurring upon the motion
as amended,
Mr. RENCHER said h« still wished to take
the sense of the House upon the application of
the sitting member for furUíer time to take testi-
mony. If, however, the House-should reject «hat
application, he was indifferent on what day the
consideration of the subject was brought up. He
said he saw that, if the amendment should be
adopted by the House, U would then be out of
order to move an amendment to the effect he liad
indicated, or, peihaps, any other;.
The CHAIR said thai when the subject should
come up on Thursday next, it would thin be in
order for the gentleman to make that motion.
Mr. RENCHER expressed a wish to move to
postpone the further consideration of the subject
till the third Wednesday in April.
Mr. McKAY hoped the House would decide
to-day on the application of the sitting membet
for further time. A month had already been
wasted in the discussion of this preliminary
question, and as yet they had not progressed a
single step. Suppose the motion of postpone-
ment, in its amended form, were adopted,and the
subject was made the special order for Thursday
next; they would then be where they were, since
he understood from his colleague that he still
intended to submit the very motion now pending,
for further time. Mr. McK. did hope that, inas-
much a* the rules had been suspended that morn-
ing for the purpose of proceeding in the considera-
tion of this case, at least this preliminary question
would be dispo.sed of.
Mr. MANN had no objection to withdraw his
motion for the present, if he could do so, so as
to enable the House to reach the other ques-
tion.
The CHAIR having stated the question, said
that could only be done by a reconsideration of
the vote by which the House had adopted the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then made the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BYNUM wished to know the object of
the reconsideration.
Mr. RENCHER explained that it was to obtain
the vote of the House upon the application of the
sitting member for further tim* to take testimony.
He also wished to obtain that vote at this time,
so that the preliminary question should not be in
