! t.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Sljsion, 24tb Congress.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 1836.
Volume 3.   .No. 18
and about one hundred and sixty others, inha-
bitants of the tow  of Moriah, in the county
of Essex, in the State of New York, praying aii
appropriation for the construction of a military
or public road from "Whitehall, in the county of
Washington, to Plattsburg, in the county of
Clinton, and State of New York; which, on
motion by Mr. R., was referred to the-Committec
on Roads and Canals.
Also, ten petitions, purporting to have been
signed by more than six hundred inhabitants of
the county of On ft da, in the State of New York,
praying the abolition of slavery and the slave
trade in the District of Columbia. Also, five pe-
titions, purporting to have been signed by about
six hundred and fifty inhabitants of the city of
Vtiea, in the State of New York, also praying
the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia. A!«o, nine petitions, pur-
porting to have been signed by five hundred ladies,
inhabitants of the county of Oneida, in the State
of New York, also praying the abolition of sla-
very and the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia. Also, the petition of six hundred ladies,
inhabitants of the city of Utica, in tile State of
New Yoik, praying for the abolition of slavery
and the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
The several petitions praying the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade, were íeferred to the
select committee on that subject, of which Mi.
Pincknet is chairman.]
Messrs. HARPER, ASH, 1NGERSOLL,
BANKS, and DARLINGTON,of Pennsylvania;
Messrs. JENIFER and HOWARD, of Mary-
land;
Messrs. BEALE, ROBERTSON, and MA-
SON, ofVirgm-a;
Mr. HAWKINS, of North Carolina;
Mr. THOMPSON, ot South Carolina;
Messrs. CLEVELAND and JACKSON, of
Georgia.                                                                             i
[Mr. Cleveland presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of the county of Henry, in the State
of Georgia, praying the establishment of a mail
route from McDonough, via Tucker's Cabin, to
Decatur.]
Messrs. WILLIAMS, HARLAN, HA WES,
and WHITE, of Kentucky;
{Mr.  Williams,  of Kentucky, presented  a
preamble and resolutions of the Legislature of ,
Kentucky, on the subject of slavery.    The reso- i
Unions were as follows:
u Resolte I lvthe Genent ■Aaembh/ofth  Commonveallh |
o/AVnij (.if, That tin  Commonwealth alone lioi power to I
regulate <nid control tbc subject of domestic slavery as it
cxi ts within her territory, and any attempt on the part of
the Federal Government to interfere with it in any manner
woul 1 be; at war with the solemn sanctions of that instru-
ment which bind  lis together.
"ResoheJ, That the General Assembly views with un-
qua'ifieil r'probation the lormation of abohtioa socioti°s at
the North for the purpose of circulating incendiary publica-
tions amon; tbc siaveholding States ot the Union, as a vio
la'ion ot the original basis of the Federal compact, and
calculated to endanger the integrity of tins Union.               I
" Resolved, That any attempt bv Congre-s to abolish do-
mesne slavery within the District of Columbia would be
regarded by tins Commonwealth as a breach of the implied
laith of tli<- nanoa toward-, the citizen  of that District, and Í
as an u urpation of power which, if acquiesced in by the
slave-holding States, must end in the ultimate disregard, by
that body, ot the constitutional tenure by which they now
Hold their property                                                               I
'■ Resolved, That our sister States, where domestic slavery i
exists, be, and tin y are hereby, assured of the earnest co-
operation of the State of Kentucky to resist, at all hazard-, ,
every effort to interfere with that subject, either by Con
gress,*uy State, or combination of pnvate persons."           I
The preamble and resolutions were referred to
the select committee on the subject.]
Messrs. FORESTER, HUNTSMAN, LEA,
STANDEFER, and the SPEAKER, of Ten-
nessee;
Messrs. WHITTLESEY, KENNON, STOR-
ER, JONES, MASON, and WEBSTER.ofOhio;
[Mr. Mason presented an affidavit of the Hon.
Ira Paige, of Clark county, Ohio, respecting the
appraisement of the lands lying on the line of
the national road in that county, in 1843, for the
18
purpose of tiK.Um'.i, vvhieli was ordered tobe laid
on the table, and be punted.
AKo.bundiy remonstrances and memorials of
citizens of Ohio, protesting against a change in
tlie line of the same road between Springfield and
Richmond.]
Messrs. HANNEGAN, CARR.and McCAR-
TY, of Indiana;
[Mr. Hannegan presented the petition of nu-
merous citizens of Indiana, asking the extension
of a certain mail route from Kirk's Cross-roads,
through Frankfort, Delphi, Monticello, and La-
portc, to Michigan city; and a petition for a post
route fiom Burlington to Delphi, to intersect said
route, which were rcfeiicd to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.]
Messrs. REYNOLDS and MAY, of Illinois;
[Mr Reynolds ptescnted the petition of the
Illinois Central Railroad Company, which stated
that said company was incorporated by the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Illinois, for the
purpose of constiucting a railroad from the mouth
of the Ohio river to the termination of the Illi-
nois and Michigan canal, in the Illinois river,
with the right to extend the same to Galena.
The memorial further stated, that the length of
this raili oad would be four or five hundied miles,
extending north and south through the center of
the State of Illinois, and near, for the most part,
the public lands of the United States. This road
would connect the North with the South in com-
merce, and the samo also for the transportation
of munitions of war and military stores; and
would expedite the sale of the public lands in the
vicinity of said road. In consideration of the
premises, the memorial prays aieasonable dona-
tion of the public lands to aid in the construction
of said road, and to allow a preemption in the
purchase of the alternate sections of public lands
over which said road may pass.]
Messrs. LEWIS, LAWLER, and LYON, of
Alabama;
Messrs. HARRISON and ASHLEY, of Mis-
souri ;
Mr. JONES, of Michigan.
[Mi. Jones presented a petition of officers and
citizens at Fort Snclling, Michigan Territory,
praying the establishment of a post route from that
place to Pranie du Chicn, the proceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Joe Da vies' county, Illi-
nois, and of Iowa county, Michigan Territory,
praying for the extension of the preemption law to
the miners of those counties, the pioceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Dubuque county, vhch-
lgan Territory, praying for the survey of the lands
vv estof the Mississippi i iver.and the establishment
ofthc seatof government for Wisconsin Territory,
at the town of Dubuque, in that Territoiy; a peti-
tion of C. A. Grig-non, praying to be perfe-cttd in
a title to six hundred and forty acres of land on
Fox river, Michigan Territory; also, a petition
for a mail route in Michigan Territory, Penin-
sula.]
The States having been gone through, the fol-
lowing gentlemen, having been temporalily ab-
sent when the States were called in their order,
by permission of the House presented petitions
and memorials, viz: Messrs. LEE of New York,
EVANS, and MUHLENBERG.
[Mr. Lee presented the petition of John G.
Pray, for compensation for services performed
by him during the years 1814 and 1815; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. Lee also presented the petition of the
custom-house measurers of the poi t of New Yoik,
praying that the office of measurer may not be
abolished; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.]
Mr. PHILLIPS, fiom the Committee on Com-
merce, submitted the following resolution; which
was considered and jgiecd to:
I Resolved, That the Committee oil Commerce be dis-
charged from the consideration ol the m uionalof the mer-
chants and oUier citizens ot the district of Uostou and
Charlestown, in lavor ol an increased approprunon lor
the erection of a custom fcoii-e at Boston; and that the
siid memorial be referred to the Committee ol VVayj and
Means
On motion by Mr. RU;SELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be m tructi d to inquire into the c\p-diencv of allow-
ing a pension to George Bobh, of the State ot New Vork,
equal to the lull p iv ol a captain of mlantry n the Massa-
chusetts line, m lieu of the pension tor revolntionary ser-
vices which he now receives
On motion by Mr. CUSHING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Wavs and Means be
instructed to inquire into the crpediencv of allowing a
drawback on the exportation of cigars manu'acturcd hi the
United States of imported leaf tobacco
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, it was
ResoUei, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediencv nt allowing to
the legal representatives of Cornelius I?ii-m>II, deceased, an
officer in the army of the Revolution, his commutation pay
and bounty lands
On motion by Mr. LAWRENCE, it was
Rcsahed, That the Committee oa Foreign Affurs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency -o" allowing an an-
nual salary to the consul of the United ¡Slates at Alexandiia,
inEgjpt.
Mr. REED submitted the following resolution;
which, by consent, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War b" dirccfd to lay
he'ore this House a chart or map of t'ie harbor and land of
ProviBcetown, in the State ol ivj:flssaehu,etfc, in a reduced
form
Mr. JANES submitted the following resolution;
which, by consent, was considered and agreed to:
Resohei, That the Secretary of War be due  ted to lay
be ore this House the n port of the Um . d Stavs ensineer
relative to the survey ot a canal Irom Well  uver to Bur-
lington, Vermont
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicjary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the
law of the United States whichgives to t'ie dMuet judges
thereof the right to appoint the clerks of the United States
district and circuit courts.
On motion by Mr. PETIGREAV, it was
Resolved, Tbat the Committee on the Po t Office and
Post ltoad« be instructed to u quire into the expediency of
e^tabb hint a p> t route from Washington to Derharu's
creek, in North Carolina
On motion by Mr. RUSSET L, it was
Rcsolied, That the Coinmi t e on Ucvolutiuua y Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency C allow ng a
pension to Alexander Gilli«, of tti2 State of New Yoik, for
services rendered during the war of the Rev iluuon a  an
Indian spy
On motion by Mr. BROWN, it was
Resohcd, That the Co'ntmttee on Revolutionary Clmms
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing
bv law for the pay mi nt of John Woodivaid, o' tl.o county
Oi'Sullivan, in the State ot New Yoik,ol tlio sum of thirty-
four pounds fourteen shilling , with the niter it alleged to
be due to him for services rendered to too Ui itcd bUtes
during the war of the Uevoluuon; and t'.at the papers here-
with submitted be relerred to the Mid committee.
On motion by Mr. FORESTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Rcvolunonarv Claims
inquire into the expediency of extending the benefit of the
pension law of the 7to of June, 183), to uc 11 evolutionary
soldiers as served three months at one oruioie time  during
the war of the Revolution.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolver1, That the Secretary of the Trca urv, under
whose direction the printing ot certain tables and note., on
the sub|ect of cotton has been placed bv this House, be au-
thorized to add any further c\ planatorj notes on that subject
which may occur to him in the progress of the printing.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of Ohio, it was
Revived, That the papers relating to the claim ot Thomas
Todd, a soldiei of the war of 1812, to bauiitv 1 uiti, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pnvate J_,and Claim-
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Ohio, it was
Reso'vcd, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Ronds be instructed to inquire into the eip"ilicnrv ot es-
tibhshing a post route from Lexington, bv Ni vv lialiiuiore,
Midwav, Manchester, Dovle-town, Miltoi, J ickaou, Ca-
naa i, to Waviiesburr, in Wavne cou uv, O no
On motion by Mr  FORESTER, it was-
Resolved, That the Committee on Claim  inquire mlo the
expediency of paying John B. IVrkiiK. lor the losa ol two
hordes, lost by him in the Seminole campaign.
