274
On motion by Mr. PEYTON, it was
Resolved. That the Committee on the Pot Office and
Toil Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot
establi-hiii" a post route from C.aym'-born.'uptluM umber
land mvr.\ia Meigstown, (Amos Kirkpnmck's,) Thomas
Butler's, and árlina, Tennessee, to Iturk.-Mlle, kenuick\;
and almoin establish a post route Irom Locust s-hado, in
Overton eoumv, Tennessee, via Fox sprine, Sftroa, nnd
Garrett Moore :s, Tennessee, to TompkuiiviUo, Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of Virginia, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency of making it criminal, within the limits !
of the United Sutes, to counterfeit the current coin or any
foreign nation.                                                                         j
On motion by Mr. HA WES, it was
Raolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
pension agency at llopkinsvdle, in Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, it was
Raolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from the mouth of Sandy, in Henry
county, Tennessee, by the way of Concord, to Waj dsboro',
in Cailaway county, Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an
appropriation for the survey of the Fox and Manitowoc
rivers, and to Winnebago lake, preparatory to the improve-
ment thereof.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it was
Resoleed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Tost Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing post routes from Bcllevieu, Dubuque county,
Michigan Territory, to Galena, Illinois; from Pine river. '
via An tome L.e Clerc's, to Rock Island, Illinois; and from
Mineral Point, via T. J. Parish's, to the English prairie, on
the Wisconsin river.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it
was
Resolved, That fire thousand extra copies ot a report of
the Secretary of War, made in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, transmitting a report of the expedition
of the dragoons under the command of Colonel Henry Dodge
to the Rocky Mountains, during the summer of 1833, be
printed for the use of this House.
On motion by Mr. JENIFER, it was
Rooked, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making compen-
•ation to Cornelius Manning for the loss of a servant, taken
by the British during the late war, out of the surplus fund,
if the treaty of Ghent be applicable to such claims.
On motion by Mr. McKIM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means in quire
into the expediency of repealing so much of the act of Con-
gress of the 2d of March, 17S9, as requires the issuing of
certificates by the collector to the importers of all wines in
casks, boxes, or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. TURNER, it was                    j
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of allowing to
the heirs of Edward Panne), the amount due on a certifi-
cate signed by Lord Berkley, Assistant Deputy Quarter-
master General of the Army of the United States, in the
war of the Revolution.
On motion by Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri,
it was
Retolted, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making Green's Landing, ,
in the county of Marion, State of Mi-'souri, a port of entry;
and that the Committee on Roads and Canals be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the purpose of clearing out the obstiuctions of the Mis-
souri and Mississippi rivers, within the State of Missouri.
On motion by Mr. CHAPMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into thp expediency of
establishing a post route from Jacksonville, in Benton
county, Alabama, by the way of Fort Armstrong, Chattooza
village, Major Dougherty's mills, Morgan's store, William
Henry's, at the Big Spring, Walker Court-house, William
Falkner's, and thence to Rossville, in Georgia.
On motion by Mr. CONNOR, it was
Resoliei, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post rouie from Beattie's Ford, North Caro-
lina, to Sherrill's Ford post office, Ilokesville, to Fisher's
post office, returning by Eavesvdle, the neighbnrbod of
Thomas L. May'", to Dry Pond; al-o, that said committee
inquire into the expediency of establishing a post route from
Salisbury, North Carolina, to Mount Pleasant, in Cabarras
county, to Cobum's store, in Mechlenhurg county.
On motion by Mi. ASHLEY, it was
Retoltei That the Committee on Roads nnd Canals he
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of providing by
law for the improvement of the navigation of the Manmeck
river, from its mouth to the iron works at the Big Spring.
On motion by Mr. MARTIN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po=t Office an d
Post Roads be insti ucterl to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Elkton, in the State of Ten- I
ueosee, to Decatur, in the State of Alabama.                         |
THE* CONGRESSIONAL 5^5>?&
'March 21,
On motion by Mr. RIPLEY, it was
Resolved, Thai the Committee on the Post Office and
Pot lioads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a pn-t route from Port Hudson, in Lawrence,
In the way of Jackson. Clinton, Grernhorouzh, to intersect
the Ilolmes\ ille and New Orleans route at or near Colonel
Edwards', in the parish of St. Tammany.
On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Chicago to Elgin, on Fox
nver, thence to Rockford, on Rock river, thence to Wyota,
on the Pecatoolica, thence to Galena.
On motion by Mr. PATTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be directed tu inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Orange Court-house, Orange
county, Virginia, to Stannardsville, in said county.
On motion by Mr. CRAIG, it was
Resolced, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
inqun-e into the expediency of allowing Lewis Webb, late
a captain in the war of the Revolution, the five years' full
pay, in lieu ol half pay for life, promised by the resolution
of Congress of 1783.
On motion by Mr. LANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions bo instructed to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing a pension office at Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
On motion by Mr. LAWLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee ou the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Tuscaloosa, via Foster's mills,
Thornton's, Clinton, and Gainville, Alabama, and Narke-
tah, Yanaby old town, Mozelushaold town. Killing's, Scott
Court-house, Myers', and Brandon's, to Jackson, Missis-
sippi.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of affirming the
sales of certain tracts of lands in Arkansas, which land, by
the mistake of the land officers, was allowed to be entered
before the same was proclaimed for sale.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of allowing to Elijah Milam and
the legal representatives of George VV*. Milam, deceased,
compensation for two horses lost during their services as
rangers ui the late Indian depredations on the western fron-
tier of Illinois.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Rejoiced, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making some
additional compensation for extra services and charges to
David L. Brent, consul of the United States at Paris-, and
to report thereon by bill or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. CASEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing the following post routes, viz: From MountCarniel,
by Alhou, Leech's Milis, Fairfield, and Malding's Mills, to
Mount Vernon; from Mount Carmel to Maysville; from
Fairfield to Salem; from Crawfordviile, Indiana, by New-
ton, Rob Roy, Williamsport, Marion, and Parksgrove, to
Iroquois, in Illinois; from Dixon's Mills, Indiana, west to
Blooomficld, in Edgar county, Illinois; tiom Terre Haute,
Indiana, to Vandalia, Illinois, on the national road; from
McLaneshoro', by Crochés, to Malding's Mills; from Law
renceville to Palestine; from Moui.t Vernon to Nashville,
in Illinois; from Charleston to Grcenups, in Coles county,
Illinois.
On motion by Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and expediency of in-
demnifying all persons and their heirs out of the public lands
which were ceded by the State of Virginia to the United
State, who have loit, or may herealter lose, land, the
title to which was derived from the laws of Virginia, either
by patent or entry, on the western waters, prior to the 1st
day of May, 1792, in all those cases where the lands solost
have been taken or covered by claims, and so derived from
the Commonwealth of Virginia.
On motion by Mr. LYON, it wo 
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the situation of the title to the four reserved sections
. of laud around the town of Eaglcvillc, and within the four
' townships granted to the Tombeckbe association of French
emigrants, for the cultivation of the v.ne and olive ; and
into the expediency, of making provi-ion bv law for the
granting of titles to such of the allottees as may have
complied with the terms of the contract between the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and Charles  Villar, a«eut of the
French Emigrant Association, and the several acts of Con
gress passed in relation thereto; and of authorizing the re-
mainder of the said four sections to he disposed of as other
public lands.
On motion by Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law that all
ships or vessels of the United States, of twenty tons or up-
wards, shall be registered, and all vessels under twenty
tons shall be enrolled, and that the registers and enroll-
ments be required to contain, in addition to the names of
the owners of the vessels, the share which each owner may
have therein; the said documents to be issued, instead of
those now In ose, without expense to the owners of the
vessels; and also that every vessel of the United States, of
twenty tons and upwards, shall be furnished with a docu-
ment, by which she shall be licensed to engage in the for-
eign or coasting trade, or in the fisheries, as the case may
be; and that all vessels under twenty tons shall in like
manner be furnished with a license for the coasting trade
or fisheries, no license for a foreign voyage being available for
more than one voyage ' and no license for the coasting trade
or fisheries being available for more than one year. And
that the said committee be also instructed to inquire into
the expediency of providing by law for ascertaining the
number of seamen engaged in the foreign trade, the coast-
ing trade, and the fisheries of the United States.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. QRENNELL, from- the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Roswell Lee; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. BOULDIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to amend
the charter of the city of Alexandria, so far as
respects the mode of choosing a mayor; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
McCandless; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Roadsand Canals, reported the follow-
ing bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill providing for the opening of a road from
Milwaukee, in Michigan, to the Mississippi river;
and
A bill for the improvement of the mail road be-
tween Louisville and St. Louis.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the same committee,
reported amendments to the bills to provide for
the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river, and providing for the surveys of cer-
tain rivers; which were committed.
Mr. WISE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill to allow additional compen-
sation to William Easby; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported the followingbills; which
were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Burton, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Vause, deceased.
Mr. CAMBRELENG.from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill regulating the deposits of the money of
the United States in certain local banks;
A bill to authorise the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to adjust the claim of the Bank of the United
States for damages on a protested bill of ex-
change on the French Government, and to recover
the dividends due by the Bank of the United
States to the Government; and
A bill to explain and amend the act for the re-
lief of tho sufferers by fire in the citv of New
York.
! Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the same com-
,' mittee, reported certain estimates from the-ord-
j nance department; which were ordered to be
I printed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, instructed by the same
, committee, moved to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of the bill repealing the 14th
section of the act to incorporate the subscribers
to the Bank of the United States.
After a few remarks by Messrs. CAMBRE-
LENG and ADAMS, the motion was postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. PATTON, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported the following bills; which were
rend twice and committed:
A bill for the admission of Arkansas into the
Union, and for the establishment of a district
court therein; and
A bill to amend the several acts for the estab-
lishment of the. territorial governments for the
several Territories in the United States.
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Jubal
B. Hancock; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
