1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
note  of Hi- -aid eorpontion on^insJly made payable, ot
wiki *h-UI hu b c >inu pi\ahl" on deraiud, shall be
r c \ ihl i  i'l p \ u lili 11 tin Timed State-, unless
othtnn ! ri     i-    'l)i i toll mre - "
Mr PC UlCE ot Rhode Island, who was en-
titled to the flioi, address d the House.
It would bo imp toper, (he said,) on a question
which requited the t,pceci) action of the House,
to consume mueh unit in its dibcussiou, and if
theie was to bo as mueh discus&ion in Committee
of the Wholi ab the re was a piospect of being, it
was one of the oest u i otis why the committee
should be discharged from t ic present subject.
It was one of those bills «Inch, accoiding to his
motion, might hive bei n ecttd on without going
to the Committee ot the Whoh on the state of the
Union, because it was una bill involving any
appropi union of money It w as merely one w lth
regard to the evpedieney of lcix iling a beetion
of the charter of the Bulk ol the United States,
or not acting at all on the sub|cct. It \\ as proper
enough that it shou'd have bfen refericd to the
Committee of the Whole, although it was not
absolutely necess-uj , and its having been so
referred, the question now was whethei that com-
mittee should be discharged fiom the considera-
tion of the subject, and let it come back into the
House, and be speedily acted on. If it should
remain where it now was, could any one tell when
it could be acted on > He conceived that no one
was prepared to say that it could receive the
action of the House dumig the presei.t session.
Then, if it was a subji ct of such importance,
which to his nuuditwas.and perhaps none more
so, it should be brought before the House for
speedy action. Suppose it remained where it then
was, could they act upon it' Four months liad
already elapsed, and thev had not moved an inch
in regard to one of the important appropriation
bills. Four days had ahcady been consumed by
one distinguished gentleman [Mr Bell] in de-
bating not only the items oí the bill, but in re-
viewing the piesidentiai question
The CHAIR said it was not in order on the
present question to refer to what was taking place
on another subject before *he House
Mr. PEARCE resumed He had oi.ly done
so for the purpose of showing the improbability
of getting the present subject up in Committee of
the Whole during the present session He had
Said that four days were consumed discussing one
item of the bill, and if two other gentlemen should
take the same range, who stood in different rela-
tions to that gentleman, there would be four more
days consumed by each, and if it was lawful for
one gentleman to consume four days, it certainly
was lawful for another to consume the same num-
ber, and they had but three working days in
each week, then there would be four weeks con-
sumed by those gentlemen. When, then, would
they get through with the appropriation bills, and
when would they get an opportunity to take up
the bill now before the House in Committee of
the Whole  To his mind they Ought to settle
•he question immediately. Was the bank dead '
Certainly not. Then they ought to act most effi-
ciently and expeditiously.^ Suppose the elause
tobe in operation, not only authorizing, but com-
manding, the receiving officers of the Government
to take those notes.
The CHAIR was of opinion that the gentleman
was discussingthe merits of the bill, which could
not be done on a motion to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the fuithcr considera-
tion of the subject
Mr PE ARCE resumed. He had merely made
the reference for the purpose of showing the im-
portance of immediate action, and to show that,
unless the Committee of the Whole was dis-
charged, no action at all could be had during the
present session. He would further state that, if
there be any doubt on this question, it was neces-
sary that the House should decide and dissipate
it. It was singulai, however, that gentlemen who
had contended that there was no doubt but that
the section expired with the bill should still be
«o unwilling for action He would state another
thing to show the necessity of action Suppose
Congress was to rise without action, the Treasury
Department might refuse to receive those notes,
lawsuits would rise from the very circumstance
of the bill lying over, and no one could tell the
number of litigations which might so arise. No
one was prepaied to say wuat the decision ot the
courts might be on thi subject, then, if there was
doubt m regard to it, hence auaes the necessity
of dtciding it at once Without pretending to
go into the ni' nts of the question, he had sub-
mitted these remarks to show the necessity for
action, and to- show that, if the question remained
wheie it now was, it could never be reached this
session. The question then was, shall the sub-
ject remain where it cannot be reached this ses-
sion, or shall the committee be discharged, and let
it receive the immediate action of the House >
Mr MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said that the
yeas and nays being now about to be called, he
could not foiego the opportunity of saying a few
words in explanation of the vote which he ex-
pected to give upon this question Much time
has been ahead y consumed in the debate upon
this question, and he would not occupy any lur-
ther the time of the House, were it not that he
differed fiom some oí his friends wno had spoken
upon the propiiety of the disposition which was
to be given to this proposition. The question is,
whether you will discharge the Committee of the
Whole fiom the consideration of a bill propos-
ing to repeal the 14th section of the act of
Congress, of the year 1816, incorporating the
subscribeis to the Bank of tht United States, so
that it may come dnectly into the House for then
action, or whether you will keep the subject, to
be dehbeiated upon and discussed, fiisl in the
committee, and aftei wai ds leave it to be discussed
and acted upon, a second time, in the Housi
Sir, I am in fa\ or of this proposition It has been
indicated from the Chair that it is not in oidei to
go into the ments of this question, further than
to show the reasons for the proper direction of
this simple proposition I am m favor of the Mo-
tion to dischaige the Committee of the Whole—
first and principally, to the end that it may facili-
tate the dispatch of the business of this House.
He said, we have now been in session between
three and four months, and he had y< t to learn
what important bills of a general import had re-
ceived the final action of this House. The time
is rapidly approaching when  t has been more
than once declared upon this floor, and when it is
expected, according to the custom of the Housq,
that Congress will adjourn, and he could not by
his vote consent that the time of the House should
be exhausted upon this motion, to the exclusion
of other more important business, interesting to
the nation at large If (said he) we cau fo*m an
opinion of the time which the piolooged discus-
sion of the subject in the Committee of the Whole
would occupy, from the readiness, and if he
might be allowed to say so, the eagerness which
was already manifested to go into the whole ments
of the vexed question connected with the bank,
it was impossible to foresee to what extent the
debate may be carried out
But again Where is the pressing necessity for
refusing to bring this bill immediately into the
House for their deliberation' There is a rule,
that all pioceedmgs touching the appropriation
of money, shall be fiist discussed in Committee
Of the Whole, in order that the greatest latitude
may be given to the consideration of that class of
subjects, but there is anothei rule, that the pro-
ceedings of the committee shall be subject to the
government of the same rules that the Houm; is,
except so far as they relate to the limitation of
the time of speaking, and except that the previous
question cannot be called in the committee.
The operation of the*>e rules will give to the
House, as I apprehend, the benefit of all the dis-
cussion and explanation which will be necessaiy
to the full and proper inidi i standing of the bear-
ings and merits of the bill in question. Various
opinions are entertained as to the importance of
the bill to be acted on, some gentlemen being
of opinion that the passage of it is altogether un-
necessary That is a matter which I waive for
the present, but whether important or not, there
is not a member who may not be able to form his
opinion, and to give his vote, from a bnef exam-
ination of the matter, and from the discussion to
be given in the House. The fourteenth section
of the act pioposed to be repealed is in the fol-
lowing words " That the bills or notes of the
' «aid incorporation, (the bank,) originally made
' payable, or which shall have become payable
'on demand, shall be receivable m all payments
' to the United States, unless otherwise directed
' by act of Congiess." The bank charter having
expned on the 3d of Maich last, it is supposed
that those bills of the old Bank of the United
States ought not to be considered any longer a
legal tendel to the Governments toi debts which
may be due and owing fiom individuals, but that
those bills should remain upon the same footing
with the notes of other banks as to the legality
of the tender, and in order to remove all doubts
which may exist as to the effect of that section,
the bill under consideiation is introduced, pro-
viding that the said fouitecnth section shall be
repealed Believing that the merits of this bill
will be reached, and that ample opportunity will
be afforded in the House, with some economy of
time, to understand and deliberate upon the sub-
ject, and not being at liberty to examine anddis-
i uss furthei thp use or piopricty of the bill itself,
in this stage ot its consideiation, I leave it, with
this shoit evjilanation of my views upon the im-
mediate question before the House
Mr. BR.IGGS liad thought of voting against the
proposition before the House, but a little reflec-
tion had brought him to the conclusion that he
should vote the other way He was of opinion
that it was not a matter ot so much consequence,
because he did not think the bills of the late Bank
of the United States a legal tender by virtue of
the 14th section of the bank chaiter So believ-
ing, he thought it of no sort of consequence
whether they passed the hill or not On the other
hand, it the officers of the Government were in
doubt, and it was likely to create any confusion
it might be necessary to pais it. He had not
heard any particular reasons urged why it should
be taken fiom the Committee ot the Whole, and
no veiy strong one in favor ot its remaining with
thein. Various reasons which had been urged
weic of very little consequence; and the hard
names which liad been used against the bank
had as little influence with him now as hereto-
foie. Some had said that the bank was a mon-
ster, others, that it was not dead, and the gentle-
man ft oiti New York [Mr. Maun] had quoted a
very high authority to prove that it could not die,
because it had no soul. This was the first time
he had been informed that a body could not die
without being possessed ofasoul. Anothergen-
tleman had told them that the ghost of the old
monster had icturncd What' the ghost of a
being who hafi no soul' The bank could not die,
says one gentleman, because it had no soul, but,
says anothei, it is dead, and its ghost is here in
this Hall But, says one, the old lady is here
again. Why, this bank had only been chartered
twenty years, and he hoped no gentleman would
be so uncourteous as to apply that odious word,
" old lady," to a being who had no* existed over
twenty years The gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Judson] had told them that the bank was
an odious monopoly, and it ought to be put down.
Yes, it was dead, and its ghost here, and it was
an odious monopoly, and gentlemen wished still
to put it down, because it w as in accordance with
the people's will. It was true the people had
willed its death, but it was not permitted to rest
at peace in its grave, but was still pursued by its
despeiate peisecutors. But the people willed its
death, it was true, and the people also willed its
life, yet so much respect had he for the will of the
people, that he would not now vote to recharter
another bank, however favorable lie might be to
one, because the public voice was against it. But,
sir, this thing which was killed by the voice of
the people was made by it.
The CHAIR remarked, that the present was
simply a motion to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the «ubject, and that the geutlc-
man was evidently taking too wide a range in hia
remarks.
Mr. BRIGGS resumed. Well, sir, the mon-
ster was dead, and the charter expired, and he
held that the section which made these bills a
legal tender had expired with the other provisions
of the charter and there was no reason why the
bill should have a preference over other bills, but
as there ~were some doubts on the subject, it
might be well to act on the question, and settle
those doubts, and it might as well be acud o 
