1636.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfE.
283
Aiistwlne II. Sheppprd, Shinn, Sickles, Smith, Spangler,
Speight, Standeter, Siorcr, Thomas, John Thomson,
Town*. Turner. Turrill, Yandyrporl, Wagoner, Ward,
Wnulnvll, Webber, mid Weeks- 139.
X.VY:1—M'"«r-\ Adim-, Ciiiltoii Allan, Ashley, Bailey,
Bond. John Calhoou, William 13. Calhoun, Carter, George
Chambers. John Chamber), Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark,
Coram, Caching, Darlington. Deberry, Denny, Evans,
Evi-rett, Rice Garland* Granger, Graves, Grayson, Griffin,
Hani, Hardm, Harlan, H: z*l!ine, Ilonr, Howell, Ingersoll,
Janes, Jenifer, Henry Johnson. Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea,
Lincoln, Sampson Mason, Maury, McComas, McKcnnan,
Miiligan, I'atton, Phillip-, Rued, Robertson,Russell, Steele,
Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson. Underwood, Vinton, White,
Whittlesey, Lewi's Williams, and Sherrod Williams—57.
So the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill referred to.
Mr, CAMBRELENG asked that the Clerk
should read a letter which he sent to the Chair
from the cashier of one of the deposit banks in
Boston to the Secretary of the Treasury. It would
be seen that the branch bank at Boston had re-
fused to redeem the notes of the other branches of
the Bank of the United States, while the deposit
banks were compelled to receive them in payment
of bonds. He said he had not been permitted
under the rule to go into this explanation before;
but he would now state, that if other branches
should act in the same way the notes of the inte-
rior branches must soon be in the hands of the
brokers, from whom they would be purchased at
a discount, and merely for the purpose of paying
bonds. If die other branches followed this exam-
ole, the notes of the United States issued in the
interior would be employed entirely for this pur-
pose. If such may be the condition of things on
the Atlantic, it might well be imagined what em-
barrassments would exist at our land offices in the
interior. But if all the branches act as the branch
in Boston is represented to have done, and refuse
to redeem all notes except those issued at their
offices, where, he asked of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ingersoll,] were
the notes of branches no longer in existence to
be redeemed ? He was surprised at the oppo-
sition to this measure: a similar one was adopted
in 1812, aLnost, he might even say quite, tfnan-
imously; but he hoped that, when the question was
properly understood, the House would see the
propriety of acting promptly in repealing the
section, and removing all doubt upon the subject.
The following is the letter referred to:
Copy of a letter from the Cashier of the Commonwealth
Bank of Boston, to the Secretary of the Treasury; dated
Boston, March 18, 1836.
Sir : Yours of the 14th instant is at hand. In answer to
the last paragraph, via : " 1 will thank you to inform me
bow, and in what case, the question can arise in your han k,
as it has been presumed that the payments for duties have
been, and will be, paid chiefly, if not entirely, by checks on
your own or other city banks."
Heretofore, the breach bank in this city has redeemed the
bills of the United States Bank, drawn here by regular course
of business; consequently making them equal to the city bank
bills. Being therefore no difference in value, the payments
to Government have been nade generally in checks and
bills of the city banks. Bat this branch of the United States
Bank now refuses to redeem any bill but of their own issue,
and consequently every other city bank refuses to receive
them. This depreciates in value all the United States bills
issued elsewhere, and they must be negotiated by brokers,
and purchased for the purpose of paying debts due to the
Government. The rate of exchange will probably cause
them to be remitted fram one city to another, when money
is scarce, and to be placed in the hands of the bond payers,
towhom they will be equal to specie, although payable at
a distant part of the country, and for all other purposes of
less value. It was to guard, if possible, against this prob-
able contingency that I addressed the Department.
Respectfully,                   CHARLES HOOD, Cashier.
After some conversation between Messrs.
ADAMS, CAMBRELENG, and the CHAIR,
as to the position which the bill occupied since
the vote discharging the Committee of the Whole
from its consideration, the hour arrived for pro-
ceeding with the special order of the day.
On" motion, by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House then resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamer
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BELL resumed his remarks. He pro-
ceeded to review the causes which led to the de-
feat of the $3,000,000 appropriation of last year,
which, he contended, had been brought about by
a certain party, more to affect the standing of one
of the Senators from Tennessee [Judge White]
than to have any real bearing upon the existing
relations or pretended exigency of a war with
France. If there had been any real apprehen-
sion of war, ought not some steps to have been
taken for its provision before the 3d of March,
1835, the day that appropriation was proposed ?
He adverted again to some paragraphs in the
semi-official organ of the Government (the Globe)
which ascribed the loss of that appropriation to
a " factious cabal"-^-the Opposition; and com-
mented upon the same by referring to the course
of the then chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Polk,] who had moved numer-
ous reductions to the reported appropriations for
the defenses in the appropriation bills, which
were concurred in by the majority of the House.
Motions had also been made by various members
for increased appropriations for the defense of
Castle Island, Forts Warren and Independence,
and for the city of Baltimore, all of which were
resisted by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [then Mr. Polk,] and voted
down by the House. This was only three short
weeks before the 3d of March, and therefore it
was not possible that the party, at that time,
could have had any apprehension of a war. In
his remarks upon that occasion, that gentleman
[Mr. Polk] urged the keeping down all the ap-
propriations within the limits of the estimates of
the Departments and its cfficers;and so important
did he deem that doctrine, and the necessity of
having the full sense of the House upon it, that
the gentleman moved and obtained a call of the
House, and the proposed amendments were voted
down by a large majority. This was only a few
days before the 3d of March. The fact was, that
the real cause of the loss of the fortification bill
arose from the design to make the Senate respons-
ible for it, and to make an issue between the Sen-,
ate, and particularly a distinguished Senator,
[Judge White,] and the country. He wasaware
that some professed constitutional scruples about
voting after twelve o'clock at night, and that they
acted upon them; but had not General Washing-
ton acted, and Mr. Jefferson, in the Louisiana
case, and the present Chief Magistrate, after
twelve o'clock r Ought they not to have set aside
minor constitutional scruples ? Would they not
have done so if a war with France had been
really apprehended ?
Mr. B. then referred to the reported debate of
the last night of the last session of Congress, and
the remarks and the various motions of Messrs.
Ghoi.son, Polk, Lttle, Cambreleng, and Hub-
bard, to show that the loss of that bill was not
to be ascribed to the Senate, but to the party of
the Vice President in the House. The tenor of
the passages quoted by Mr. B. went to show that
they preferred the loss of the whole bill, rather
than accept a part of it, so as to throw the whole
responsibility of that loss upon the Senate. He
alluded to the whispers then current in the
Hall, that Judge White had voted against the
$3,000,000, And that the President had taken a
position'that he would sign no more bills on that
night. He thought the proceedings of the usual
" whippers-in" becoming at the time " whippers-
out,"was a fair party movement, if the latter
rumor was a veritable one, to shield the President
from responsibility, whose^ inflexibility of char-
acter was well known to him, though he knew it
was not always unyielding. But Mr. B. had lio
certain knowledge that the rumor respecting the
President's determination not to sign any more
bills on that night was correct. The evidence,
however, was distinct and explicit, that there
was a settled determination on the part of certain
individuals to destroy the whole bill. Mr. B.
then entered into an analysis of the votes taken
by yeas and nays on that night, so classifying
them as to show that there was an evident design
on the part of those who now supported the Vice
President for the Presidency to defeat the fortifi-
cation bill, and then throw the responsibility of
its failure upon the Senate of the United States.
He also entered into a very minute and succinct
statement of the proceedings'of the House during
the last night of the last session, to substantiate
the charge of the failure of that bill upon the
friends of the Vice President, and quoted also the
letter of Mr. Cambreleng to the editofs of the
National Intelligencer, published shortly after the
adjournment of Congress, contrasting it with the
record on the Journal of the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG briefly explained that
neither his own recollection, nor any one of the
statements made by any member who had ad-
verted to the circumstances of that night, corre-
sponded with the Journal.
Mr. BELL, referring to the confusion of that
night, said; the presiding officer ought not to be
held responsible for the fidelity of the record in
every minute point. All he had shown from the
gentleman's letter was this—and it should be born*
in mind that the letter was written a few days
after the occurrence—that the gentleman then said
that he retired with the committee of conference
immediately, which was what he ought to have
done; whereas, he now assumed the ground, and
rested his defense upon it, that he did not leave
the House till after the vote was taken on the
Cumberland road bill. The gentleman's first
recollection, a few days afterwards, asserted dis-
tinctly that he had left the House with the com-
mittee of conferees immediately. The Journal
testified that the gentleman did vote on the Cum-
berland road bill; and taking the two statements
together, the gentleman's first recollection and
the record, it was evident that he had been out, and
returned between the appointment of the commit-
tee of conferees and the vote on the Cumberland
road bill. Mr. B. then referred to the declaration
made by Mr. Cambreleng on that night, that
there was no quorum, which he referred to as a
party movement, disrespectful to the Chair at the
time and to the House, and of which Mr. C. could
have had no certain knowledge.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that he knew
it from the vote just then taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. BELL said, still it waB perfectly gratuitous
onMr.C.'s part to call the attention of the House
or the Chair to it. The fact of there being a
quorum or not was the business of the presiding
officer; nnd it was without a precedent for a
member to get up and refuse to make a report of
a committee because a quorum was not presentí
The Chair on that occasion (Mr. Bell himself)
was prepared to receive the- report, because he
conscientiously believed a quorum was in the
House. Nay, more, he believed that, at the final
adjournment or dissolution of the House, there
were not less than one hundred and fifty or sixty,
or one hundred and seventy members present.
Of one thing he felt assured, that if, at any time
there was not a quorum Within the bar, the gen 
tleman from New York [Mr. Cambreiewo] eould
have called in one at any moment. Mr. B-. ex-
plained that he had very reluctantly entered into
this controversy, but it had become necessary,
from the violent and slanderous aspersions cast
upon the character and motives of Judge Whíte,
who had been charged with treasonable designs,
analogousjonly to those of Benedict Arnold, for
his course on that bill, and those very charges
sent underthe frank of the President (in the Globe)
to members of the Legislature of Tennessee.
Mr. B. then recurred to the charge brought against
the White party for an intent to bring the presi-
dential election into the House. This charge (he
went on to maintain) should be justly retorted
upon the Van Buren party.                      _               #
It would be recollected that apíoposition Tías
laid before the last Congress, by Mr. Gilmer, of
Georgia, to so amend the Constitution of the
United States as to prevent an election by the
House. That proposition was referred to a select
committee, consisting of nine members, six of
whom were the friends and partisans of the Vice
President, and one of them nominated for that
Station by the Baltimore convention*-and thnsit
became defeated. Again: the present Chief Magis-
trate had not omitted, in all his annual messages,
to call and press this subject upon the considera-
tion of Congress, urging them to propound a
measure to prevent a recurrence of the events of
the year 1823. He also quoted the paragraphs
from the several messages of General Jackson,
recommending an amendment to that effect; and
he contrasted the course of the party with the
violent and abusive articles that bad appeared in
the Richmond Enquirer and the Globe as a proof
of their insincerity, and that they really contem-
plated a-recurrence of such an election.    If they
