284
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLGPE.
March 24
I
were sincere as a party, where had been exhibited
the evidences of any party attempt to carry these
recommendations of the President through the
House? On the contrary, their direct influence
had prevented action upon the subject. Upon
several occasions attempts were made during the
last session to act upon Mr. Gilmer's resolution.
Upon one occasion the vote to take up the sub-
ject was-yeas 151, nays 56; and of tlw negatives
thirty-seven were the friends of the Vice Presi-
dent. On another occasion there were—yeas 112,
nays 92; of the negatives forty-nine were friends
of the same distinguished gentleman, and twenty-
four of them from the State of New York. On
the 27th of February a motion was again made to
take up the subject, which was again lost—yeas
99, nays 104; of these 104 negatives sixty were
friends of the Vice President, and of those sixty
twenty-four were from the State of New York.
On a motion to lay the subject on the table there
were—yeas 39, nays 129; of the former, thirty
were of" the party, and thirteen of these were
members from New York. These were only a
few facts that might be cited to show that the
"party" were responsible for the defeat of a
proposition to prevent an election of the President
by the House. Had they been sincere or in
earnest in their professions, surely some declar-
ation might long before this have been introduced
during the present session. He referred to his
speech last summer at Nashville, wherein he had
charged the defeat of this proposition upon the
party belonging to the Administration. He be-
lieved it might have been carried through the Sen-
ate last session; and would have been ratified by
three fourths of the State Legislatures, if the
friends of the Vice President in that Houae had
not evaded that subject.
Mr. B. then returned his acknowledgments to
the majority of the House  for the attention af-
forded to him, and his duty to the House and to
himself would compel him to conclude, not so
much from having exhausted his materials, as
from physical debility, and an indisposition to
trespass too long upon their indulgence.    He
again explained the present position in which he
stood towards the Administration, substantially
the same as on the first day he addressed the com-
mittee, and gave a review of his course on all the
leading measures of the Administration, the tariff,
nullification, the United States Bank, the removal
of the deposits, internal improvements, the veto
messages, &c; all of which he had supported
from the first, though lie had never given in his
adhesion to the principles of the party, as removal
from officeonpolitical grounds, executive patron- j
age, succession to the presidency, &c.   He liad j
early given a distinct declaration, that, if called j
upon to give his support to such party principles, '
he should be dtiven to abandon it, and make an I
appeal to those to whom he was immediately re- :
sponsible—the people who sent him ¿here.   As
soon as Mr. B. had concluded,
Mr. GARLAND obtained the floor; and it
being late, the committee rose; and,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the House ad-
journed.     ________________________
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 24, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department in answer to the resolution
oí the 21st instant, requiring information of that
Department as to the expediency and cost of
erecting suitable buildings for the custom-house
and district courts at New Orleans.
Also, a report from the same in compliance
■with the resolution of the 25th February last,
transmitting statements of the deposit banks up
to the 1st instant.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
MY. MORRIS presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Ohio, praying for a change in the lo-
cation of the Cumberland road; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of William
í'ettyplace and others; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Morris Wain & Co., of the city of Philadelphia,
praying, for reasons stated in the petition, that
! certain duties paid by them be refunded; which ,
1 was referred to the Committee on Finance.            ;
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which had been referred the
petition of Captain Alexander .T. Dallas, of the
United States Navy, reported a bill for the relief
of the officers of the United States sloop of war
Boston; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. TOMLTNSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the bill from
the House granting pensions and arrearages of
pensions to certain persons therein named, report-
ed the same without amendment.
Mr. LINN, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Orris Gray; which was read
and ordered to a second rending.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following res-
olution; which lies on the table one day:
Resohcd. That the Committee on Hip Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing proper
measures for tlic safe-keeping of tile Journals of tlie two
House? nrd other public records, and of protecting them by
proper 1i'ü:iI enactments from being mutilated, obliterated,
em.-ed, defaced, expunged, disfigured, altered, or otherwise
destroj cd or injured.
i                BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. GRUNDY, in pursuance of notice given"
yesterday, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill to authorize contracts for carrying the mails
and public property on railroads; which was read
twice-, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
MEDICAL HOSPITALS.
Mr. BENTON presented a report adopted by
the Medical Convention of Ohio, on the subject
| of medical hospitals; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
FORTIFICATIONS.                            i
Mr. BENTON called the attention of the Sen- \
ate to the important bill making appropriations
for fortifications.    He was not able to call it up
then, in consequence of the absence of a Senator '
who was detained at home by indisposition, and
who wished to address the Senate on the subject. '
I He gave notice that he would call up this bill at I
the earliest possible opportunity.                             <
JOHN M'CARTY.                             j
The bill for the relief of John McCarty was ¡
l! read the third time and j>asscd.                                 |
i'|                            JOHN  CUMMINS.                            |
-i     Mr. E WING, of Ohio, on leave, introduced a
bill for the relief of John Cummins; -which was
read and ordered to a third reading.
ADJOURNMENT SINE UlfiT                ! !
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
joint resolution submitted by him designating the
day for the adjournment of the two Houses of
Congress was taken up.
Mr. KING then moved to fill the blank in the
bill with the words, "the 30th day of May next."
Mr. CLAY said, that he was very desirous of
an early adjournment of the present session, and
indeed would be glad if the day of adjournment
could be made earlier than the one proposed. So
anxious was he individually on the subject, that,
if Congress did not adjourn before that time, he
| thought he would be obliged to adjourn himself.
| He was not sure, however, that they couldclose
the session so soon as the 30th of May, if they
. were to discuss the several important questions
( that were before them.   One single question on
; which they were occupied yesterday (Mr. Ben-
ton's resolution) would engross five or six weeks
of their time, for that was a resolution present-
] ing an ample field for the most elaborate discus-
sion. If the other great subjects before the Senate
were to be discussed at all, he did not think that
they could get through with them by the 30th of .
May; and he therefore suggested to the gentle-
man from Alabama, whether it would not be more
i advisable for him to let the resolution lie for the
present on the table.
; Mr. KING, of Alabama, had no disposition to
hasten the decision now if he could see the slight-
, est inconvenience resulting from it.   He could ',
not estimate the time that would be occupied in
making speeches; but the Senate could transact
all the business now before them by the 30th of
May. It might make a difference in the House
of Representatives. He knew from experience,
that, when a day certain was fixed upon, business
went on with more expedition, and legislation
was conducted with equal propriety. For him-
self, he was anxious to get away as early as pos-
sible. With a view that gentlemen might turn
their attention to the amount of business on hand,
to enable them to bring their minds to a conclu-
sion, he would consent to lay the motion on the
table, to be taken up again at as early a day as
possible.
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested to the Senator
from Alabama the expediency of postponing the
further consideration of his resolution until Mon-
day next. For his own part, (Mr. B. said,) he
knew, from what little experience he had had in
legislation, that when a day of adjournment was
fixed, all accommodated themselves to that day,
and the business of legislation went on more rap-
idly and more regularly than if no day had been
fixed. It appeared to him that they might, with
propriety, adopt the resolution fixing the adjourn-
ment at between two and three months from this
time; and if the business of the House of Repre-,
sentatives required more time they could amend
the resolution to suit themselves. For the present,
he thought the subject had better be postponed
until Monday next.
i Mr. HENDRICKS would ask whether it would
not be better to take up the bill on the genera)
subject of the commencement and termination of
the sessions of Congress, and act upon it?
Mr. LINN suggested the propriety of adopting
the principle of the bill referred toby the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] by amending
the resolution. He only, however, threw out this
as a suggestion to the mover of the resolution.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, replied, that when the
subject came up again gentlemen were at liberty
to offer such amendments as they pleased.    The
bill, however, did not conflict with the resolution
as it applied to the future meetings, as well as
future adjournments of Congress, while the res-
olution had reference only to the present session.
He had no objection, when the resolution came
up again, to an amendment making the meetings
' of Congress earlier than under the present regu-
lation; for the present, however, he was willing
to postpone the further consideration of the reso-
lution till Monday next.
Mr. BENTON asked if any Senator knew the
1 number of bills that had been passed of a public
nature during this session ?   It was a fact, that
! they had passed only six, and one of them wa 
! for the transfer ofpart of an appropriation made
: in another bill.    They were near the end of the
fourth month of the session, and had passed but
six public bills. Although it was good to adjourn
and go home, it was not good to adjourn and go
home till they had done the public business.
The resolution was then postponed to Monday
next.
The resolution of inquiry, submitted by Ritr.
Hendricks, relative to certain internal improve-
ments in Michigan, was agreed to.
DISTRICT CORPORATIONS.
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
Senate took up the bill for the relief of the threa
corporate cities of the District of Columbia.
Mr. KING then gave a brief statement of the
nature and objects of the bill, and moved to fill
the blanks with the following sums, which he
said was the precise amount of the debts severally
incurred by these corporations to certain indi-
viduals in Holland, being principal and interest,
and incidental expenses:
,     For the city of Washington, $449,695;
For the town of Alexandria, $114,640 44; and
j     For the town of Georgetown, $116,795 48.
!     [The bill provides that the stock held by these
corporations in the Chesapeake and Ohio canal
shall be placed in the hands of the Secretary of
, the Treasury, as security for the above advances,
as that it may be redeemed by them at any time
within ten years.]
The above amendments having been agreed to,
Mr. CALHOUN called for the yeas'and nays
on the question of ordering the bill to be engrossed
