I8M.
v
*ft& *€O!t&ÍtESSl0NAL GLOBE.
2SS
for a third reading; and the call having been mxn-
taincd, the question was decided in the affirma-
tive by the following vote:                                      |
YEV3—M '*srs. Ol.iy, Cuttihert, Ewins of Illinois, Ew-
in-ro'" <>:nc>.  !.)kl borough, Kent, Kkir of Alabama, King
ol'G •h' i:i. l.iiiii, Nicholas. Porter, Prepon,Hives, Bobbins,
Southird, Tillmadie, and Walker—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Ruclianan.Calhoun,Davis, Hill,
Hubbard. M mium, Moure, Morns, Nilcs, Robinson, Sliep-
ley, Swift, Tomlmson, Wall, and Wnglit—16.                  !
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The Senate proceeded, as the special order of
the day, to the consideration of the bill confirm- :
ing claims to lands in Missouri; and for other
purposes.
Mr. LINN observed that this bill liad passed
the Senate two sessions in succession, and failed in
the House of Representatives for want of time to
consider its provisions. Towards the closing hour
of the session before last, it was referred, by a
resolution of the House, to the Secretary of the
Treasury for his supervision, the result of which
examination he was to report to Congress at its
next meeting. The Secretary of the Treasury
called on the Attorney General for his opinion
on the merits of the claims. That officer, for a
variety of reasons, was unable to go into a critical
examination of the claims, and returned them,
with an opinion, as far as it went, in favor of the
claimants. With this opinion of the law officer
of the Government, they were sent to the House
of Representatives about the middle of January
last.
The commission to which these claims were
submitted for examination was appointed under
the act of July 9, 1832, and 2d of March, 1833.
The first step taken after the organization of the '
board was to cause the publication of a notice in
all the newspapers of the State, requesting all
those who were interested in these claims to come
forward with their testimony, as they were then
ready to receive evidence. To prevent all cause j
of cavil or complaint, they were repeated from
time to time. The commissioners found that, !
from great age and infirmity, many important
witnesses could not attend at St. Louis, their
place of sitting, without great inconvenience to
these old people, and oppression to the claimants.
The commissioners adjourned to various places,
as best suited the public convenience. In taking
testimony, for the purpose of preventing impo-
sition, they were particularly careful to ascertain
the standing and respectability of the witnesses
examined. When an individual, who, from age
and long residence in the country, was called
upon to testify in these cases, the commissioners
uniformly made out a certificate of the good char-
acter of the witness, which was signed by his
neighbors. These certificates are now on file in
the recorder'^ office at St. Louis. Notice was also
published in the newspapers, calling on all ad-
verse claimants to come forward and attend to
their interests, the great object of the commis-
sioners being to make the law final and satisfac-
tory in its results. But little attention was paid
to i his notice by those most interested in prevent-
ing the confirmation of the claims now presented
by the bill for the decision of Congress.
One set of claims in these reports of the com-
missioners, and embraced in this bill, are called
donation or settlement rights, and are based on !
acts of Congress, passed March 2, 1805, April ¡
24,1806, March 3, 1807, and June 13,1812.       * !
*    *    *    *   The first law gave six hundred and j
forty acres of land to the head of the family, one '
hundred arpens to the wife, fifty for each child,
and twenty-five arpens for each slave, to all those
who inhabited and cultivated prior to the 20th of
December, 1803.   This law was in many respects
liberal in its provisions to the early settlers in
Louisiana, who had not received grants of land
either from France or Spain.    But this law was
modified by the act of April 24, 1806, which re-
quired the commissioners to conform in their de-
cisions to the instructions of the Secretary of the
Treasury.    These instructions were to grant no
more to the head of the family than one hundred
arpens, one hundred arpens for the wife, fifty for
each child, and twenty-fire foreach slave. These
insiructions were very illiberal, and prevented a
great many individuals from obtaining the advant-
ages of the act of June 13, 1812, which gave six
hundred and forty acres to the head of the family |
who inhabited on the 20th of December, 1803, and i
cultivated within eight months after.                      i
The next class of claims is marked by those
based on French and Spanish concessions, many
of whieh were rejected by former boards of com- ,
missioners by reason of their being located on '
lead mines, salt springs, for want of power in the
officer to grant more than a league square, or for ,
reasons long since considered untenable. The i
board of commissioners, of which he (Mr. Linn)
was a member, labored assiduously to bring this
matter to a satisfactory conclusion, so import-
ant in its results to the prosperity of the State
and to the happiness of trie ancient inhabitants
of the country, who differed from us in laws,
language, and customs, and to whom so much is
due for the honesty and simplicity of their lives,
and who were transferred to this Government
without being consulted. From a deliberate ex-
amination of all the Spanish law, to which they
had access, and the usages and customs that were
practiced on in Louisiana, they came to the con-
clusion that these claims would have been con-
firmed if France or Spain had retained the sover-
eignty of the country; but it was not his intention
to go into a discussion of the subject, unless it
became necessary in the course of the debate.
Mr. CLAY remarked that this bill was one of
very considerable importance, and ought to at-
tract the attention of the Senate. He should like
to be informed of the total number of the claims
confirmed, with the number of acres; and he
should like to know whether the Committee on
Private Land Claims had given this subject a
thorough examination, and were satisfied that
the decisions of the board of commissioners were
correct. Congress, in the act appointing this
board, reserved to itself the power to revise these
decisions, and it was their duty to do it carefully.
These decisions ought to be subjected to such
scrutiny as to satisfy Congress that they were
not giving away these lands in the dark. He
would thank some member of the committee for
information on these several heads—the number
of claims, the quantity of acres confirmed, and
whether the committee had satisfied themselves
of the correctness of the decision of the board of
commissioners.
Mr. LINN observed that the committee were
satisfied, from the investigations they had gone
into, that the decisions of the board of commis- '
sioners were generally correct. In reply to the
other point of the inquiries of the gentleman from
Kentucky, he would state:
i     The commissioners reported in the year 1833, favorably
on....................................... 404,000 arpens.
In 1834..................................  108,000
In 1«35..................................    62,000
Total.............................. 574,000 arpens.
Of which amount thirty-five thousand acres is
founded on donation or settlement right claims.
Amountin the reports confirmed by the decision
of the Supreme Court is—
Soulard'a case............................ 10,000 arpens.
Two of Chouteau..........................   8,337
La Sua................................'....   7,055
Thomas Mackey..........................      800
Rejected by the Supreme Court—
Smith, JohnT............................ 10,000
Makay, Wherry...........................   1.600           ¡
Total.............................. 37,793 arpens.
Total number of claimants, 331.
Mr. WALKER did not rise to  discuss the !
merits of any of these claims, but to designate the
course which he should feel it his duty to pur-
sue when the Senate should vote on the bill re-
ported confirming these claims..  Among these
claims, in favor of the confirmation of wfiich the
board of commissioners have reported, and which
report is now recommended by the committee of
the  Senate  for our sanction, is embraced one
claim in which Mr. W. had purchased an interest i
several years ago.    This was the claim granted i
to Governor Villemont, embracing Point Chicot, ¡
in the Territory of Arkansas. Mr. W.'s interest
in this claim amounted to several hundred Amer- i
lean acres, and had been acquired by him before l
he became a candidate for  the  Senate of the
United States, and it was the only interest, direct ;
or indirect, that he now held, or ever had held,
in any lands in Arkansas. The {Jemrineness of
this claim was not disputed by its opponents,
but, on the contrary, distinctly conceded, and the
opposition to this claim was based on the alleged
non-performance of certain conditions annexed
to the grant. Mr. W. wished to be distinctly
understood as expressing no opinion for or
against the propriety of a further confirmation
of this grant; and he had risen to state, that 1 av-
ing several years since purchased an interest in
this grant; whenever the Senate should proceed
to act upon the bill, he should ask to be excused
by the Senate from voting upon the question. On
the very day that Mr. W. took his seat in the
Senate, the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Linn,]
now before him, not being apprised of his (Mr.
W.'s) situation, had asked him to aid in the
discussion which might arise upon the passage of
this bill, when he (Mr. W.) then immediately
informed the Senator from Missouri that he had
an interest in this grant, and that he coull take
no part in the discussion, or express any opinion,
either in the Senate or elsewhere, to any member
of either House, as regarded the propriety of any
further confirmation of this grant; but whenever
the question came up before the Senate, he would
ask to be excused from voting upon it.
Mr. BLACK agreed with the Senator from
Missouri that the decisions of the board of com-
missioners were, as far as we could ascertain,
very correct. He had every reason to believe,
from the principles laid down by them, that they
had not materially erred. There might possibly
(he said) be errorsin the report, but he believed
they were as few as in any report ever before
Congress. The cases confirmed in this report
were of two descriptions—those in Missouri and
those in Arkansas, the latter of which it was not
the intention of the committee to embrace in the
bill. But, inasmuch as doubts existed whether
the bill, in its present shape, would not cover the
cases in Arkansas, he would suggest to his friend
from Missouri the propriety of making an amend-
ment so as to exclude them.
Mr. PORTER was one of the members óf the
committee before whom this subject had been,
and had given a great deal of attention to it. There
was not a single claim embraced in the bill that
he did not examine minutely. He had satisfied
himself of the m justness of all of them, and could
see no good reason why Arkansas should be
taken out of the bill.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said that he could see
no propriety in acting now in thosa case  which
were in dispute. He, himself, knew nothing of
them except from the documents which had been
put in his possession, and which wore now be-
fore the Committee on Public Lands, who had
not yet reported on them. The Senator from
Louisiana might himself be satisfied as to these
disputed cases, but when he came to see the re-
port of the committee, he might change his mind.
He put it to the gentleman whether, as a lawyer
or as a judge, he would decide on cases before he
had examined all that might be said on either
side With regard to the other cases in Arkan-
sas, 'which were not disputed, he saw no reason
why they should not be confirmed with the claims
in Missouri. He would not be very strict as to
the performance of the conditions where the grants
were genuine and made in good faith. To obvi-
ate all objections to the bill, and to do equal jus-
tice to all the claimants, he would offer an amend-
ment that would take out the case of De Villemont,
and save the rights of those claiming under him.
He would observe that a portion of these lands,
in De Villemont's case, had been sold by the Gov-
ernment, and if this case was confirmed, there
would not be lands enough left for all the other
cases.
Mr. K. then submitted the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That nothing m this act contained shaft" apply
to or be in confirmation of the claim of Don Carlos de Ville-
mont for a tract of land at Point Chicot.
Mr. PORTER observed that the whole subject
had already been examined and reported on by
the Committee on Private Land Claim , and
there was no good reason why they should wait
for a report from another committee. Did the
Senator from Alabama suppose that confirming
these claims would canfor a good title  to  the
