1886.   !                              THE OONORESSKMBTAJti -GLOSE):                                      287
persons entitled to reservations of lahd under the
treaty of 1830 with the Choctaws.
Mr. JONES, of Virginia, from tho Committee
on the Judiciary, rrpoiti d, with an amendment,
the bill from thi ¡Senate for the better organization
of the United Stau s courts in the Stale of Ala-
bama
The amendment was agreed to; and, having
been engrossed, the bill was read the third time.
After some remarks, mostly of an explanatory
character, by Messrs. WILLIAMS of North
Carolina, LAWLER, UNDERWOOD, MAR-
TIN, HUNTSMAN, EVERETT, BEARDS-
LEY, and MERCER, the latter gentleman moved
to postpone the fuither consideration of the bill
until to-morrow; which was agreed to.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to fix the number and com-
pensation of officeis of the customs, and to alter
certain collection districts,and tor other purposes;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following bills; which
were read twice and committed:
A bill to authorize the New Oilcans and Car-
rollton Railroad Company to construct a road
through the public lands from Carrollton to Bayou
Sarah, in the State of Louisiana;
A bill to provide for the construction of a road
from Helena to Jackson, in Arkansas; and
A bill to improve the navigation of certain
rivers.
Mr. P C. FULLER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Jonathan
Davis; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill authonng the
officers and managers of the Washington Monu-
ment Society to erect the same on the public
grounds; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions; Messrs. E VANSand HOAR,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions; Mr.
MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims; and Mr. GILLET, from the
Committee on Commerce—made unfavorable re-
ports upon vanous petitions.
On motion by Mr. WHITTLESEY, the Com-
mittee on Claims were discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions of Charles Good-
speed and Ebenezer Wilcox, and the same were
referifcd to the Third Auditor.
Mr. W., from the same committee, made unfa-
vorable reports in the cases of William Eaton,
James Civilian, William McBnde, Amos W.
Brown, Elisha Poster, Daniel Sherwood, and
William Cox; which were laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. W., the committee were
further discharged from the consideration of the
petition of the widow Bowman, and the same
was referred to the Committee of the Whole, to
whom a bill involving the matter in the petition
had been referred.
Mr. BOYD called for the order of the day, and
asked the consent of the House, preliminary to
the consideration of the same, to introduce a res-
olution making the contested election from North
Carolina the special order for Fnday and Satur-
day as well as this day, in oidef to dispose of the
subject as speedily as possible.
Objection being made, Mr. BOYD moved to
suspend the rules to enable him to submit his reso-
lution; which was agreed to—yeas 134, nays not
counted.
The resolution was then submitted and agreed to.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then, pursuant to the resolution
adopted on Saturday, the 19th of March, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the report of the Committee of Elections
on the contested election for the twelfth Congres-
sional district of North Carolina.
The report of the majority of the committee
Was in favor of the petitioner, David Newland
and concluded with the following resolution:
Resolt erf, That James Graham is not entitled to a gcat
in this House, and that David Newland is entitled to a seat
m this House.
Mr. GRAHAM moved the following amend-
ment thereto Strike out all after the word " re-
solved," and insert the following-
" Tli.it the depositions which have hcen coiiiiihiiih ,ued to
i the House by the Speaker, and laid on the tatye, since the
report 0'~ the Committee ot Elections  *. mad<, \vhrre\er '
tak' n upon due notice, mij ha recen ed bv the Hou-e a^ I
teitimom in tins ca-ie," [concluding bv the mnrei of the
voters.]
Mr. NEWLAND (the petitioner) hoped his
honorable opponent would furnish soin" leasons
why the resolution should be stiicken out He
did not rise to make a speech, but merely to in-
voke the House not to adopt the resolution of
the sitting member, unless good and sufficient
reasons could be given by him for so doing.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Noi th Carolina, called
for the yeas and nays on the question; which
were ordered.
Mr. McKAY inquiied if those depositions had
all been taken since the committee íefused the
application for fuitlur time, because if it was
taken  subsequently to that íefusal, he should
' think the House would not be disposed to con-
sidt r it as pait of the evidence in the case. He
should also be glad to know whether the notices
for taking that testimony were' gnon before the
decision of the committee or subsequently.
Mr. GRAHAM (the sitting member) stated
that the notice was given aftti the committee had
refused further time. The committee refused
time about the middle  of January.    The com-
1 mittee said the application for time must be made
in writing. He gave ltin wutmg; but dunugthe
time it was under consideration, he (Mr. G.) was
taken sick, and remained sick about ten days or
two weeks, and about the last of Januaiy, he
was informed that no more depositions would
be received by the committee. He considered it
an act of gross injustice, not only to himself, but
to the people of his district, and he resolved on
taking further depositions, and gave notice accord-
ingly to his agents; and he was ready and will-
ing to prove that the petitioner not only had
ample notice, but that he instiucted his agents
not to cross-examine the witnesses. He asked
nothing but strict justice. He did not ask any
testimony to be received, unless the petitioiK i
liad full, ample, and satisfactory notice of the
time and place of taking it.    The testimony was
1 there full and complete, and he did hope that,
under those circumstances, the House would
not reject the testimony of the people speaking
in their own behalf.
I      Mr. NEWLAND said, the notice that the sit-
II  ting member had Bervcd on him in this case was
1 received about the 24th of January—a full half
month after the committee had decided that they
would not receive any further testimony, and that
i notice called upon him to be at home in eleven
11 days from that time, for the purpose of cioss-
II examining those witnesses.   The sitting member
I had told the committee and the House that a par-
amount duty called him to Washington at the
I first of the session.    He (the petitioner) came on
i also, expecting that no further testimony would
1 be taken; the subject came up in committee, and
not a word was said by the sitting member about
further time; but after the gentleman had cxam-
I ined the testimony, he objected to it; and he (Mr.
J N.) never knew a lawyer to object to testimony
unless it was against him.    The committee told
| the gentleman he could not have further time;
but after a half month  had elapsed, the sitting
member gave him notice that he intended to take j
I further depositions, and to take depositions, too, j
at places some hundred miles apart on the same
day.    He thought no precedent could be found
for this kind of procedure.    The gentleman had
referred to depositions on your table which were |
I to him (Mr. N.) perfectly strange; for he never
had seen them, by which he was going to prove
that the petitioner had not only ample notice, but
j that he had instructed his agents not to cross-
examine the witnesses.    Now, the  truth mas,
when  the committee decided  that they would
receive no further testimony, he (Mr. N.) had
received a letter from a fuend of his, who said
that he had discovered several illegal votes which
were given to the sitting member, and asked to
be authorized to take depositions to prove the
fact; but he (Mr. N.) frankly informed him that
he could not authorize him to take further testi-
mony.  This was the truth, and the whole truth;
and if he was to be censured for acting honestly,
'  it was his misfortune, not his fault.
! Mr. MAURY feared gentlemen labored under
I a misapprehension in regard to the point decided
by the committee. The application made for fur-
ther time to take depositions was decided against
the sitting member, but to receive the depositions
now beioie them was a distinct proposition. The
sitting mcinoer asked to lie allowi d ftirthci time,
and the committee refused to grant tint specific
application They did not decide that additional
testimony would not be received, but that fuither
time to the first of Match would not be allowed,
because it would be doin* injustice to the peti-
tioner to keep him on expenses. They did not
decide that, if ttstimony came iorward in the
mean time, taken under the laws of Noith Car-
olina, it would be rejected. Some tune in Jan-
uary—he did not know whether before or after
the decision of the committee—depositions taken
in behalf of the petitioner were received by the
committee. But suppose tho committee decided
that no further time would be allowed; the com-
mittee was not the ultimate arbiter of questions
of that kind, the House of Representativi s was
the tribunal before whom that question was to
be decided. Sir, there are depositions which
had been lying three or four weeks on your table,
which were communicated from the Speaker's
chair, and the House had ordered them to be print-
ed ; there was testimony which the sitting membei
had asserted wis taken in conformity to the laws
of North Carolina, and with duo notice given—
depositions of men of chararter, not to be im-
peached, asstrting positive facts, and facts in
which themselves were concerned; and would
the House refuse to receive it > Would the House
sanction a thing of this kind > He asked, why
had the petitioner written to his agents not to at-
tend to cross -examine the witnesses> Was he
apprehensive that he might be estopped' If the
petitioner came there claiming a seat, ho must
think he was legally entitled to it; then he ought
to hi in favor of giving ample range to the taking
of depositions.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, said, if the
present amendment was adopted, it would cut off
the conclusion to winch the committee had come.
He wanted to hear all the testimony he possibly
could, to come to a correct conclusion; but he
was not in favor of cutting off the conclusion to
which the committee had come by this amend-
ment. He hoped a sepaiate pioposition would
be made, so as to leave the committee'sreport as
it was. He wanted to vote that all the deposi-
tions be taken which could be taken, but he
wanted to vote on a separate proposition, so that
they would have something left after that vote was
taken. The subject ought certainly tobe left in
some tangible manner, so that they might refer it
back to the committee, if necessaiy.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, it seemed to him,
that the resolution now offered by the honorable
sitting member could not be adopted consistently
with the decision made by the H ouse a few days
ago. The resolution proposed that we should
receive testimony taken after the Committee of
Elections had decided that they would not receive
any additional testimony. It would be recol-
lected that, shoitly after the commencement of
the session of Congress, the petitioner addressed
his petition here, claiming his right to a seat in
this House. The petition, with the depositions
in the case, were referred to the Committee of
Elections. The parties proceeded to tiy their
cause before the committee, and about the middle
of January, after six weeks of the session of
Congress had elapsed, the sitting member applied
for time to take further testimony. The commit-
tee denied, and,as he thought, very properly de-
nied, this application. Whether the sitting mem-
ber was induced to make this application at that
late day, from a presentiment that the report of
the committee would be unfavorable to him, he
would not undertake to say, as he did not know
the fact. A report was made to the House ad-
verse to the sitting member, and then the honor-
able sitting member, or some other gentleman,
by way of appeal from the decision ot that com-
mittee refusing to give him further time, moved
to recommit the whole subject t > the Committee
of Elections, to the end that the sitting member
might have further time to take testimony.
The justice and injustice, the reasonableness
