288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
nnd unreasonableness of recommitting the case, |
for the purpose of receiving supplemental testi-
mony, was here debat d for several days, and the ¡
House, by a large majority, refused to recommit
the case tor the purpose of hearing new testimony,
and thus most clearly and emphatically confirmed
the previous decision of the committee. The case
was then set down as a special order fortius day.
There ports and the evidence of the parties, as
adduced before the committee and received by
them, together with such extracts from the con-
stitution and laws of North Carolina as relate to
the matter, were ordered to be printed and laid
upon our tables; and gentlemen, when they came
here this morning, had a right to suppose that
they were to try the case under the law and the
testimony before them, when, all at once, the
honorable sitting member introduced the resolu-
tion now under consideration.
Mr. V. said, he could not see how, if we had
any regard to consistency, we could adopt the
resolution. They proposed that certain deposi-
tions should here be received which were not
only taken after the decision of the committee,
(which had thus been sanctioned by the House,)
that no further testimony should be received, but
had been promulgated; but the notice for taking
whick was served upon the petitioner after the
decision of the committee against taking further
testimony was made public. The notice then was
given, and the depositions were taken in the very
teeth of the decision of the committee—a decision,
too, which this House had held to be just and
proper. What would we say by adopting the
resolutions under consideration ? Why, sir, we
would exhibit ourselves in the most inconsistent
and unenviable position, of first declaring that the
parties should not have further time after the
middle of January to take additional testimony,
and then deciding that if the parties, after the
middle of January, and in defiance of a decision
of the committee which we had confirmed, pro-
ceeded to take additional testimony, we would ',
here receive it! He hardly supposed that a ma-
jority of this House was prepared to exhibit such
a spectacle of instability and inconsistency to the
nation. He could not conceive how any gentleman
who voted with the majority on the motion to
recommit, could with the least semblance of con-
sistency vote for the resolution now before the
House.
He knew that many arguments, popular at first
blush, would be urged against the view he was ,
taking.   Some had already been urged by the hon- ¡
orable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maury,]
who said it was hard, very hard, that depositions
which told the truth should be excluded.    If this
argument, in the naked abstract form in which it
is urged here, should be deemed sound  in con-
tests, either here or in courts of justice, it would
be more than idle longer to talk about the exist-
ence of salutary rules of practice and proceedings,
which promote the great ends of justice.    Every  
consideration of justice and expediency required ¡
that there should be some time in every contro- i
versy when testimony should be considered as |
closed; otherwise a party might enter upon trial, j
calculate upon the weakness of his adversary's
cause, and then, when disappointed  as to the
strength of it, he might move for further time to
take testimony in order to atone for the too san- ,
guiñe temperament with which he commenced the !
trial.    The argument of hardship, however forci- ;
ble in some cases, had not much force here, when '
we recurred to the prominent circumstances of i
the case, so far as they regarded this question.
The sitting member had had more than sixty
days for taking testimony before the session of
Congress. He had had six weeks here before he
expressed a desire to take other evidence, and all
that time proceeding with his case before the
committee. He waited until the matter should,
in justice to the electors of the district, have been
decided. His laches were entirely inexcusable.
Reason and justice protested against the new
movement made by him after such a lapse of time.
It was the policy of all intelligentequity tribunals
to guard against the mischievous protraction of
controversies which would ensue, if parties could,
in the last stages of a cause, be permitted to go
back and take evidence according to the exigency
of the case. The honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections [Mr. Claiborne] had, a few
days ago, told us whata court of chancery would
do in such a case as this. He knew not what such
courts would do in Virginia; but he could say that,
in the State which he had the honor in part to rep-
resent, a party in chancery was obliged, before lie
commenced taking his testimony, to serve his ad-
versary with a notice containing the names of all his
witnesses, so as to prevent him from speculating
upon the chance of getting along with one portion
of testimony before he resorted to another, and
to prevent the delay consequent upon the practice
of hunting, at a late stage, new testimony, accord-
ing as the case pinches. He certainly could not
see that the committee had made a hard or op-
pressive decision to the sitting member, when
they refused to receive new testimony, or give
time to take new testimony after the middle of
January; and he would in conclusion repeat that
he could not perceive how we could, consistently
with our former decision, receive these deposi-
tions thus taken, after the decision of the com-
mittee was announced.
Mr. H AROIN said, if he understood the ques-
tion, it was whether the depositions printed by
order of the House, and on every gentleman s
tabic, were to be considered by each member as
evidence now before him, and as evidence to
make up an opinion by ? He, for one, would
receive evidence from any quarter he could obtain
it, if he believed in its truth; and whether he got
it from the arguments of gentlemen or from evi-
dence legally taken, he was willing to receive it,
before they decided it would be necessary to call
attention to the facts. The notice for taking
testimony, served by the petitioner on the sitting
member, was on the 2d of October, which left
about two months for taking testimony up to the
meeting of Congress. •' It was not certainly to be
expected that the sitting member should take
depositions until the petitioner began to take
them. Now, he would ask the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Vanderpoel,] whose State had
a more enlightened judiciary than any other,
whether it was incumbent on a defendant to take
any depositions until the complainant should take
rule ? The first notice the sitting member received
for taking depositions was on the 19th of October,
and on the 29th of that month the first depositions
were taken, leaving but a little over a month for
taking all the depositions necessary. The next
notice was for the 4th of November; and the
next for the 23d day of November; and the fourth
notice was for the 27th day of November. If
gentlemen would examine, they would discover
the situation of the sitting member. He would
ask the House, where was the time the sitting
member had for taking testimony, when the first
notice for taking evidence was not given until a
month before the meeting t)f Congress ?
Mr. H. said these facts proved the hardship of
the case of the sittins: member, for he was com-
pelled to set out for Washington at a given time;
whereas the petitioner might have remained as
long as he pleased, so long as he came here any
time within the two years.    Of this advantage
he availed himself, for he continued to take testi-
mony after the  sitting member left home.    He
hoped they should find the gentleman from New
York carrying out the principle he had laid down,
which was a correct one; and then all the testi-
¡ mony under the head of" sundries," or " sundry
| other persons," in the petitioner's notices would
;] be excluded.    Each witness, the gentleman laid
11 down, must be specified, so said Mr. H.,and that
i  was sound doctrine.   Apply it, and all the peti-
\\ tioner's depositions butfour must then be stricken
| out.   He again repeated that, from the large extent
j: of the district, and his being compelled to leave
i  home to take his seat in Congress, the sitting
'j member had not been allowed sufficient time.
¡     He denied that the House had, by its vote to
,' refuse further time, or to recommit for further
time, indicated its indisposition to receive the de-
positions sent in and laid on the table since the
report of the committee was made.   On the con-
trary, if anything was indicated by that vote, it
,  was that they would receive it; and such was the
express tenor of the  remarks made at the time
(on Saturday last) by a gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Glascock,] who said he was prepared to
receive and consider all the depositions since sent
. I in; provided they had been taken agreeably to
i the constitution and laws of North Carolina. He
' hoped the House would receive the testimony,
and, in deciding upon the merits of the controversy,
would bear in mind that it was a question with the
people of North Carolina rather than between the
two gentlemen contesting for the seat.
Mr. HAWES replied by contending that the
notice given by the petitioner to the sitting mem-
ber was sufficient. He thought this the plainest
proposition ever submitted to u deliberative body.
The whole subject had been referred to an organ-
ized standing committee of the House, whose
decision he felt bound to respect. Besides, the sit-
ting member made no application for further time
to take additional depositions until he had ascer-
tained that the testimony already before the com-
mittee would give his opponent the seat. He con-
trasted the conduct of the two candidates. While
one disregarded the decision of the committee, the
other (the petitioner) submitted to it, and imme-
diately wrote off to his agents to take no more
testimony for him. These were the facts: on the
14th January the committee informed both gentle-
men that they should take no further testimony;
and sixteen days after that, on the 30th of Jan-
uary, the sitting member gave notice that he
should proceed to take further testimony, eleven
days afterwards, in North Carolina. Mr. H.
should vote against the reception of this testimony
by the House, and sustain the report of the com-
mittee, which he believed was founded on the
strictest justice.
Mr. GRAHAM explained that he made hi 
application to the committee for an extension of
time before he had made a review of the testi-
mony.
Mr. LOVE adverted to the decision of the com-
mittee, which, according to his understanding of
it, was this: not that the sitting member should
not take additional depositions, but that no fur-
ther time should be allowed by the committee
upon which they would act. The committee had
not decided that further testimony should not be
taken, but that they would give no further time,
and that the party would run the hazard of taking
it without having the action of the committee
thereon.   He should be glad, to know from some
I one of the committee if he was correct or not?
Mr. MAURY confirmed this interpretation of
I the committee's decision, and referred to the re-
j port of the minority as indicative of that sense
of it.
J Mr. SPEIGHT adverted to the equity practice
in North Carolina, which was, that, whenever a
! cause was set down for hearing, each party was
thereafter barred from taking further testimony
¡ without leave of court.    He also stated the fact,
i | that the petitioner had, in consequence of the
j committee's decision, replied to and rejected the
tender of additional depositions which had been
offered to him.
' Mr. NE WLAND gave a statement of the fact,
that a gentleman of Haywood county had written
j to him, and informed him that he could procure
evidence of bad votes in the sitting member's poll;
but Mr. N. had replied, that, in consequence of
i the committee's decision that the case was closed,
he refused it. He had left no agents to act for
him, as had been stated, except in one instance.
The letter inquestion was a spontaneous offer.
i Mr. SPEIGHT hoped the House would not
delay the main question by a lengthy discussion
on a mere incidental one, or, if a decision of the
House was required, that it would be considered
as a substantive proposition, and not mixed up
with the other and more material question.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, could not as-
sent to the interpretation of the vote of the House
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Vanderpoel,] nor to that gentleman's view on
the decision of the committee, for the refusal to
give further time did not reject the consideration
of additional testimony, and he was in favor of
receiving it.
j i     Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, would ask if
if any court ever did admit testimony taken under
;   such circumstances as this?   He cared  not so
!' much what the law or practice of North Carolina
or any other State might be; but, judging it by the
common law, or by the rules of common sense,
no other construction could be put upon  the
