THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session-, 34th Congress.
FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 1336.
Volume 3....No. 19.
decision of the committee than that their rejection
of the application for further time closed the case,
and no testimony taken after that ought to be re-
ceived. A contrary interpretation would keep
open this investigation to an unlimited extent, and
it could never be decided at all; for, as it stood,
the additional testimony was purely of an txparte
character,and opportunity would have to be given
to the petitioner to rebut it. The decision, that no
further time would be given to take additional
testimony, inevitably carried with it the decision
that no further testimony would be received.
They were, in fact, one and the same decision.
Air. A. H. SHEPPERD thought the additional
testimony should be considered with the report
itself. He should have preferred a different course
to what the House was taking, namely, to have
considered and decided upon each deposition,
without being trammeled by the resolutions, and
also, if possible, to have avoided all technical
points. Mr. S. argued the point at some length,
that the additional testimony ought to be allowed
to come in, and that it would be an act of great
injustice to the sitting member to reject it. He
also referred to the depositions, and the informal
character of the notices served on the sitting mem-
ber by the petitioner.
Mr. UNDERWOOD remarked that, there being
no law of Congress, and the Constitution of the
United States being silent on the subject, the
House was bound by a fair construction of the
constitution and laws of the State wherein acon-
tesied election occurred. They referred the mat-
ter, as they did all others, to one of their own !
committees, who were directed to examine the |
testimony and report upon it; but where was !
the law or rule of the House in which such a doc-
trine was laid down as that the House must be ¡
bound by any decision of the committee? There
was none, neither express, by implication, nor by
practice. P,ut upon what ground had the com-
mittee decided? Upon mere technical grounds
only. He was at a loss to see upon what just
ground the subsequent testimony should be re-
jected, for it had not only all the solemnities of
an oath, sworn also before a competent tribunal,
but had been taken, so far as he believed, agree-
ably to the requisitions of the law of the State in-
terested in the controversy. Air. Ü". cited various
supposed cases applicable to the point in question,
and in support of the argument, that the testi-
mony ought to be received.
He said he considered that the committee had
departed from its duty in not reporting the apph- |
cation of the sitting member for further time to j
the House, and that they had gone beyond their |
powers in deciding the question. He could, how- j
ever, never consent to  the  doctrine, that  the '
House were to be bound and tied up by the action '
of us own committees, all of whose proceedings
were, at most, only of are commendatory or in-
cipient character.                                                    ¡
Mr. LINCOLN considered the amendment of
Mr. Graham to he entirely out of order as an '
amendment to the resolution of the committee, '<
because it might prevent the action of the House
altogether on the latter. Mr. L. referred, at con-
siderable length, to the practice of Cono-ress in
cases of contested elections, where the power of
the House was different than in all other matters;
since their power was not a delegated legislation
on the subject, the Constitution making them the
sole judges. Assuming the fapt that the additional
testimony was unexceptionable in point of form;
and in conformity with the laws of North Caro-
lina, he had heai-d no reason, nor could he con-
ceive any, why it should bo excluded. If the
petitioner had not investigated it, the fault was
his own, for there was nothing to show that he
had not had every opportunity that he could de-
sire. The question then arose, when was the
commencement of the trial? It was not in the
investigation before the committee, but in that
House. The committee were not the triers, but
the House.    The  opponents  to this argument
19
would make the House a mere court of errors,
instead of possessing the original and sole juris-
diction. The proceedings before the committee
were merely preliminary, growing out of the order
of business; but the only tribunal before which
the matter could be fully and finally acted on was
the House. So said the Constitution. That in-
strument said not a word about the committee,
, but that the House should be the judge. Why,
the House might have taken up the subject at any
j moment, or have discharged the committee from
its further consideration, and taken the subject
into its own hands. Everything that took place
in the committee was strictly and constitutionally
Crior to the commencement of the trial, which
cgan for the first time when it was taken up in
i that House.
Mr. LANE had yet heard no argument by
j which this testimony should be received according
j to the known rules of evidence.    If it could not
i be so received, then it ought to be rejected.    He
contended that this testimony had not been taken
in pursuance of those rules,and cited the practice
of the courts of Kentucky and other States in
proof of that fact, entering also into a review of
the circumstances under which it was taken. Mr.
L. was opposed to the reception of this testimony,
because it would be in violation of all the known
rules of law, at variance with the judgment of the
committee, and contrary to the decision of the
House a few days ago.
Mr. GRAVES then obtained the floor, and
moved an adjournment, but withdrew it to enable
the Speaker to presenta communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury informing the House
that the second volume of the Commercial Digest
had bpen printed, and two hundred and fifty cop-
ies forwarded for the use of the members; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
The House then adjourned.
|                            IN SENATE.
j                     Fridat, March 25, 183G.
Mr. DAVIS, from the  Committee on Com-
; meice, reported a bill for the relief of the late
owners of the schooner Elizabeth; which was
: read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a communication
, from the Secretary of the Treasury relative to
I the establishment of a port of entry at New Cas-
tle; which was referred to  the  Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claim , reported two bills from the House
on the subject of preemption rights, with amend
meuts.
' Mr- CLAYTON gave notice that he would, at
an early day, move to take up the bill to estab-
lish the territorial government.of Wisconsin, and
at the same time laid on the table an amendment
which he said he intended to offer as a substitute
for the whole bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Eevolutinnary Claim i
be instructed to inquire into the eipsdisncy of granting
land to tlia officer? of the staff m the army of the Revolu-
tion, as well as the officers and soldiers of the line.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Calhoun, was taken up for consideration:
Reioleci, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing proper
measures for the safe-keepiii  of the Journal o! the two
Houses and other public records, and of protecting them, by
properlei;al enactments, from bun  luuiilated, obliterated,
erased, defaced, ejpungod, disfigured, altered, or otherwise
dsstroyed or injuied.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that it had been said
that there was no evil under the sun without a
remedy, and that the truth of th is proposition was
very strongly illustrated in the case which occa-
sioned the introduction of this resolution. Un-
constitutional and odious as .was the attempt
that had been made to expunge the recorded pro-
ceedings of that body, yet it had caused their
attention to be turned to the unprotected state of the
public records.    He had entered into a diligent
examination of the laws, to see if there were any
legal emctments for the protection of the public
journals, and found that, with a slight exception
in one unimportant particular, there was nothing
to protect them from being expunged, obliterated,
defaced, or destroyed.    This wasa state of things
which he presumed no Senator would wish to
continue. As it now was, any individual, whether
the public records were in his custody, or other-
wise, might deface or destroy the most important
records with perfect impunity.    A leaf might be
torn out, or the record might be disfigured or de-
faced, and no punishment would follow.    Setting
aside the constitutional injunction on them to
preserve a correct journal of their proceedings,
the importance of sr>me law of the kind must be
evident.    These public records were the O'lly au-
thentic accounts of the history of this Govern-
ment in all its branches—legislative, judicial, and
executive. If they added to that, that they involved
the important interests of individuals, there was
the most powerful obligation on both Houses of
Congress to preserve them from injury, and to
keep them.    Yes, sir, (said he,) to keep them; for,
I in spite of the sophistry used to obscure the mean-
ingof the word, ''keep " them meant to preserve
them from injury.    There was no word in the
i English language less susceptible of d'Mbtful con-
I struction than the word " keep."   It ifmlied not
; only to record their proceedings in their Journals,
I but to preserve them.    It would  be in vain that
I the Constitution  required  Ihem to record their
j proceedings, if it did not also require them to
protect and preserve them from injury.    Was the
injunction  in the Constitution   merely for  the
childish purpose, that they should record theirpro-
ceedings, that they might afterwards be thrown
away, or defaced, obliterated, or disfigured ? No.
It was that they might go down to the latest pos-
terity as a faithful and authentic history of the
times.    These meanings of the word "keep,"
as used in the Constitution, to record, to preserve,
to protect, were enforced on  them by the sacred
obligations of an oath.    He knew that this obli-
tion could not prevent the Senate from passing the
resolution which had given rise to his motion; but
the Senate could not perform the act of oblitera-
tion—it must be performed by si me individual,
by their order; and if they passed an act miki:ig
it penal to deface, destroy, or obliterate the Jour
nals, the individual who did it would be subject
to the penalty.    Sir, (said Mr. C.,) we can give
no dispensation to any one to violate the Consti-
tution.    If he had girtn the true construction to
the word " keep," no order of that body, in any
shape or form, could exempt the Secretary fron
the sicred obligations of his oath; and if the order
should bo given him to deface or obliterate the
Journals, he would have to turn his eyes to the
Constitution, which he was sworn not to violate.
He trusted that no Secretary of that body would
ever dare to violate his oath, and the obligations
imposed by the Constitution, by obli'erafing or
defacing the public records.    He had but little
fears for the present Secretary; but he knew not
who might hereafter fill that ofñce, and who, in-
fluenced by the force of party discipline, might be
willing to plead the order of a majority of that
body for a violation of the Constitution.
I     The framers of the Constitution, in putting in
j the provision that the Journals should be k-pt,
I foresaw the danger that might threaten their pres-
ervation from party feelings, and intended to pro-
vide against it.    Now, he wished to go one step
further—to sustain the Constitution—to make it
I penal in any one, whether ordered by that body
or otherwise, to obliterate or disfigure the pubbc
records.   It is in vain (said Mr. C.) for us tosnp-
pose that we have the slightest property in these
Journals.   They arc called, it is true, our Jour-
, nals; but they arc the records of what we do, and
j are not our property, but the property of the peo-
I pie of the United State . We are sent here, (con-
