1836.
TWE CONGKESSIímAL GLOÉE.
2^1
" Each House shall keep & Journal Of its proceed-
ings " What light, then, has the Senate to direct
the proper measures for the safe-keeping of the
Journal of the other House*    Each House is to
keep a Journal only of its own proceedings, what
right, then, have we to direct the method m which
the other House shall keep its Journal' The Con-
stitution requires two Journals tobe kept,one by
each House-, Journals that are distinct and sepa-
rate; Journals that the Constitution requires to be
kept distinct and separate, and by different journ-
alists; and yet we arc asked to blend these Journals I
into one by a new species of political fusion, and
direct the mode in which the other House shall
keep its own Journal, in defiance of a clear con-
stitutional provision, conferring upon each House
separately the sole prerogative of keeping its own
Journal.   This distinction cuts deeper into the
question of the expunging; resolutions now before
this body, and conceded to be sought to be reach-
ed by this motion, than perhaps the gentleman
from South Carolina supposes.  This distinction,
sought to be broken down  by the adoption of
tkis motion, demonstrates that each House has
the exclusive control over its own Journal, and
can alone direct the manner of keeping the Jou mal
of its own proceedings.   The manner of keeping
each of these Journals is to some extent desig-
nated by the Constitution; and the verydistinction
which Mr. W. said he had alluded to demon-
strated that, to keep a Journal of our proceedings,
meant only to note down an account of our pro-
-ctedings from day to day; for, had the constitu-
tional provision related 'to the preservation of a
Journal of both Houses after it was made, it would
no  have left this direction to the mere naked ope-
ration of a separate rule of each House, after the
Journal of the two Houses was made. The whole
direction is to make a Journal, and the manner in
which that shall be done ¡is directed by the Con-
stitution; each House is to make its own Journal
of its own proceedings? it is then to publish that
Journal.   The direction is to publish, not to pre-
serve,   unless, indeed, publishing  the Journal
was considered the best mode of preserving the
Jourral. Had the direction, indeed,been to Con-
gress to keep a Journal of its proceedings by  !
the operation of some law to be made in pursu- (
anee of a constitutional injunction, then, indeed,  |
might there lnve been some ground to contend
that, to keep a Journal, meant to preserve a Jour- I
nal already  made.     But,  as  the   Constitution
now stands, every moment that the Secretary is
noting down our proceedings here, from day to
day, he is fulfilling for us the constitutional in-
junction upon the subject of keeping a Journal.
If this clause in the Constitution had any other
meaning, and some law were required upon a sub-
ject that  is confided  to the exclusive separate
authority of each House, it is most extraordinary
that the discovery is just now made, after the
lapse of nearly half a century since tlie adoption
of the Constitution.    No law is required; none   i
can be made, to direct the manner in which we
shall keep our own Journal.    But the resolution
of the gentleman from Soudi Carolina contem-
plates "legal enactments"—enactments which
thut gentleman has conceded arc designed to ope-
rate upon this body, and to prescribe the mode  '
in which it shall keep its own Journal—legal en-
actments to interfere with a subject confided by
the Constitution to the exclusive separate control
of each House. Mr. W. denied the constitution-  ,
ality of any such enactment.    This direction as
regards keeping a Journal was, in that section of '
the Constitution, designating only the separate
poweis«>f each of the two Houses, not their legis- i
lative powers in their joint capacity as the Con- 1
gress of the United States.   As well might you |
attempt to legislate as icgaids our sole power to
judge pf tbe qualifications of our own members,
or the determination o( our own rules of proceed-
ing, as to regulate by law the manner in which
we shall keep our own Journal, Mr. W. said he
should therefore oppose tne adoption of this reso-
lution.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, rose and said that the
resoluuon of the Senator from Douth Carolina
propos* d to inquire into the propriety of prevent-
ing, by legal enactments, the expunging or dis-
figuring of our Journal by any person whatever,
and surely this could not be regarded by the gen-
| tleman from Mississippi  [Mr.  Walker"] as a '
violation of the Constitution
Mr. WALKER explained that the resolution
of the gentleman from South Carolina went fur-
ther, at least to the safe-keeping of the Journals
of the other House, with which we had nothing
to do; and as regards any legal enactments in re-
gard to our own Journal," it was conceded by the
gentleman from South Carolina that his object m
this resolution was to prevent by law any ex-
punging of our own Journal by any oidere/enof
this body; that he sought to regulate by law the
manner in which we should keep our own Journal,
and, therefore, the object thus embraced in this
resolution was at least so far unconstitutional.
Mr. E WING, of Ohio/in reply to Mr Walker,
observed that it was not very easy to «see how a (
I general law for the preservation of their Journal
could be a violation of the Constitution.   As was '
well said by the Senator from South Caio'ina,
there was no provision in the common law which
protected tbe public records from injury, because
the common law did not apply to the Union. An
individual might be punished for destroying the
records of that body, but as for a contempt; and
that could not be done if the act was committed
while they were not in session.    The Views of the
Senator from South Carolina and his resolution
did not affect the expunging resolution of the
Senator fiom Missouri. With regard to what had
been urged by the Senator from Mississippi, he
would say that neither the Senate nor tbe other
House could pass a resolution affirming or deny-
ing the coirectness of the Journals of either; but
how a law, passed by both Houses for the mutual  I
security of their records, could b" considered a
violation of the Constitution, he was yet to learn.  '
If the Senate had the constitu'ional power to ob-  '
literate their Jouniats,theirorder to their Secretary
would justify him in doing so; but if the Senate
possessed no such power, then their order would
not exempt him from punishment for the obliter-
ation, should such a law as that contemplated by
the Senator from South Carolina be passed. The
public recordsof all the States (Mr. E. said) were
protected by statutes; anáj if it was thought ne-  I
ccssary to preserve them m sucli a manner, it
surely would be thought more necessary to pro- |
tect the records of the General Government.        i|
Mr. SHEPLEY here moved to lay the resolu- I
tton on the table; and this question was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 19, nays 15, as follows:
\E\fe—Me««rs Benton, Cutlib" t, Ewin-  of Illitioi,,
Hendnek-., Hill, Hubbard, Kin? of Alabama. King of G>or-
gid, Linn, Morn-, Nicholas "Viles. Rive , Robinson, Shop
lev. Tillmrndge, Walker, Wall, and Wnglit—19
NAYá -Wefer  Bhck,Calhoun,C1j\, Crittenden, llivis, ].
Rwin  o Ohio, Kent, Kni lit. Man'uni, Moore, Robbin , |
Southard, Swift, Toraluti.on, and White—lu.                       I
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The bill to confirm certain lan*d claims in Mis-
souri, and for other purposes,"was read the third
time and passed.
DISTRICT CITIES.
The bill for the relief of the1 three corporations
of the District of Columbia was read the third
time, when
Mr. NORMS observed, that this was ameasure
which he looked upon to be one of some import-
ance, and he was desirous of recording his vote
on the final question taken on it. He therefore
asked for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill.
The yeas and nays haying been accordingly
ordeied, the bill was passed by the following
vote:
YEAS—Me«rs Clay, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Ewingof
Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Kent, King of Alabama, Kin? of
Georgia, Linn, Nicholas, Porter, Preston, Rives, Robbins,
Sontuard, TaUaiadze, and Walker—17.
NAYS-Messrs Black, Calhoun, Hill, Hubbard, Morris,
Nile , Shepley, Swift, Tomlinson, and Wright—10.
BILLS ORDERED TO BE ENGROSSED.
The bill to authorize the Bloomington, Leaven-
worth, and other railroad companies, to- locate
their roads through the lands of the United States,
and
The bill to extend the time for issuing scrip to
satisfy revolutionary bounty land warrants, were
severally considered as in Commtttee of the
Wbol*, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
PATENTS FOR PUBLIC L\NDS.
The bill to give effect to patents for the public
lands issued in the names of deceased poisons, was
considered but after a del>ate, m vliii h Messrs.
EWING, BLACK, CLAY, and WALKER,
took part, and before taking any question,
On motion by Mr. BLACK, the Senate ad-
journed over to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Triday, March 25,1836.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported the fol-
lowing bills; which were read twice and commit-
ted:
A bill for the relief of certain exiles of Poland;
and
A bill granting an additional quantity of land
to satisfy Virginia military land warrants, «fee.
Mr. MARTIN moved to reconsider the vote
whereby the bill from the Senate to regulate the
United States courts in Alabama was ordered to
a third reading, foi the purpose of havin  the
bill recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, so to amend it as to remove existing ob-
jections.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the bill was recommitted.
Mr. HAYNES, from the Committee on Indian
Affaus, reported a bill for the relief of Poas Had-
go; which was road twice and committed
Mr. C \SEY, from the Commtttee on Public
Lands, repoited a bill foi the lehef of Daniel
Ma'one, which was read twi°e and committed.
Mr. JARV1S, fiom the Committee o i Naval
Affairs, reported a bill author.zmg the Picsident
of the United States to cause cxpuiments to be
made to test the practicability a id utility of a
fire ship invented by Uriah Biown, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of A. T.
Crew; which wis read twice and committed.
On motion by Mr. WHITTLESE Y, the Com-
mittee on Claims, in consequence of the accumu-
lation of business, obtained leave to sit during
the sessions of the House.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
Mr, HALL, of Vermont, (a member of the
Committee on the Post Office; and Post Roads,,)
rose to submit a report, previous to which he
wished to make a remark or two. It would be
recollected, (said Mr. H.,) that the Picsident, in
his last annual message, hid called the attention
of Congress to the subject of transmTing incen-
diary documents through the United S'att s mails.
That part of the message had been refeircd to the
Post Office C->mmittee,and a decided mijotity of
the committee had come to the eonelusion that
Congress had the constitutional power to act
upon this subject. The majority, however, had
not agreed to recommend any particular measure,
some prefening to await the action of the Senate,
who had the same matter tinder consideration,
and others differingm the precise mode in which
a report should be made to the House. He rl • d
not complain of the couise of the majonty. The
minority were of opinion, that Corgress pos-
sessed no constitutional powei over t'ie subject,
and were prepared to submit their views to the
House.
The minority were peculiarly situated. The
arguments of the President, the Postmaster Gen-
eral,anda distinguished Senator, [Mi. Calhocv,]
had gone out to the community. No oppoi tunity
had offered to those entertaining diffnient views
to reply to this official and senatorial ariay. Foi
reasons stated, no report had been made by the
Post Office Committee; and, lest the motnes of
the minority of that committee should be mis-
construed, he would send to the Chair the views
of that minority, and would mo\e that the paper
be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired of his colleague, the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Co\s on,l if
the majority of the committee had d^tirmined to
make a report on this subject; or whether aiu
action had taken place in committee which wou>u
authorise the report proposed to be offered by the
gentleman from Vermont 
