1&61
iwfi óo?mmm&Ah oiíom;
29*
stated and appended to their report a list of votes
which they say had been proven by hcarsoy to '
be bad vote's given to Graham; and when you look
to the report of a majority you ought to expert
a fair and full disclosure of the facts, as well for '
one as the other of the parties. These were, no
doubt, unintentional errors, but still they were
made. He submitted,then, to the House, whether
the report should not be committed to a Commit-
tee of the Whole, both to save time, and to have
it coirected and settled judiciously and legally.
Mr. BOYD rose to reply to some matters of
fact.   The gentleman had stated tliat mention
was not made in the committee's report of a de-
cision that no votes would be received of a per-
son voting out of the county in which he resided.
Now Mr. B. believed it was in the report, with
the reference to the laws of North Carolina on
the subject. In relation to the hearsay testimony,
the petitioner wished to have stricken from the
sitting member's poll certain voters of this de- '
scription,but the committee refused this as inad-
missible.    The committee set aside all testimony
that came before them in the character ofhearsay
evidence, and received none except such as was
positive.     The gentleman had complained of a '
discrepancy in relation to the protest of the sit- '
ting member.    Mr. B. had only to remark that, '
if the  majority of the committee had not done '
the sitting member greater injustice than in reta-  '
tion to this, he should feel gratified indeed. The
gentleman had also said that the majority had ¡
appended to their report a statement from the
petitioner of a number of votes which he claimed
ought to be stricken from the sitting Member's
fioli, under hearsay testimony.    Mr. B. said the
ist was appended, and he wished tobe permitted
to state that not only the list, but every other
document which they could get hold of, was in-  ,
serted into the report, both for and against the
petitioner.   In the committee they went on with
their examination from the commencement under
the rule laid down, that none but positive testi-
mony should be received, leaving out all other;
they went on taking notes, but not deciding in
the case, until at length it was agreed that the
documents should be submitted to the parties for
the purpose of their making out an abstract of
such testimony as they could rely upon.   Before '
that nothing was heard about further time; but
after they had investigated the testimony, the sit- ',
ting member came forward  and asked  further 1
time.    The object iu auumittingthe testimony to j
them was to have them make out an abstract of,
the case.   The petitioner furnished an abstract, '
but the sitting member was taken sick; and the
committee waited upon him in the hopeof getting )
an abstract.  He was too weak at that time to make  |
it out, and it was delayed ten days or two weeks, 11
the committee still waiting.  The sitting member i
came in eventually with another protest instead  '
of an abstract, and this protest wa* the one the  |
gentleman had complained of as not being added
to the report.   They had searched for that and i
some other testimony at the time the report was
made up, but it was nowhere to be found.    Mr.
B. wanted to append that very document to the
report, but could not find it.
Mr. HARD wished to call the attention of the
House to another fact. The committee bad re-
ceived some fire or six votes as legal votes which
were not on the poll-book at all.
Mr. BOYD resumed. The gentleman had com-
plained about hearsay testimony. Now it was
well known that the committee did hot investigate
hearsay testimony at all. The committee had
deeided against every description of hearsay evi-
dence. At the time the petitioner presented his
abstract, the sitting member, instead of present-
ing an abstract, presented another protest against
the receivabihty of some of the evidence; and he
had said that that protest could not be gotten hold
of by him, or it would have been appended to his
report. The gentleman from New York [Mr
HardI ha4 informed him afterwards that he had
it, and would append it to the report of the mi-
nority.
Mr. HARD said he recollected the papers were
in hi* possessiaii. He had taken thtm to his
ipom for the purpose of«xaríún¡rtgjheii|,butclid
not recollect of th? «ntl«man, .ioawry<if hiwui
regard to them.
Mr. BOYD resumed. The gentleman [Mr.
' H\rd] had complained of the majority of the com-
mittee having recognized the polls as evidence of
the highest authority. These (said Mr. B.) were
the register of the votes, called scrolls; arid, being
imperfect, had not been regarded alone as the
highest description of authority.
Mr. B. hoped the subject would not be commit-
ted, for such a course was only designed to cause '
delay. He desired the fullest and strictest inves-
tigation into the testimony relied upon by the
committee; and he was well assured that but one '
result would ensue—a confirmation of their re-'
port. If it were committed to the Committee of
the Whole House, it never would be terminated,
neither that session nor in the ensuing one.           I
Mr. B. was about, he said, to go into a brief
history of the case, when                                       '
Mr. MAURY interposed, and raised a question
of order, whether a motion to commit, which was
the pending one, opened the whole merits of the
question ?                                                                  ,
Mr. SPEIGHT remarked, that the gentleman
was probably not aware that the motion was to ;
commit with sundry instructions, and these in-
structions probably opened the whole merits of
the case.                                                                    '
The CHAIR ro ¿.-' ,-"1 that the instructions
did open the merits of the case.
Mr. BOYD proceeded, and entered into a,brief
statement of the acts of both parties, from the I
time the petitioner gave the sitting member notice
of his intention to contest his seat, on the 2d of \
October, up to the time of the testimony being
submitted to the committee. With regard to the
admissibility of the testimony taken subsequently '
to the report, he was opposed to it; and was
further of opinion that no testimony should have
been consiutied which was taken after the meeting
of Congress: but no application was made for
further time till about the middle of January.
This application was made, it should be borne in
mind, after the party makingii had had an oppor-
tunity of examining all the testimony, and know-
ing that it was insufficient to enable him to retain
his seat. This was one act of the committee
which Mr. B. thought they were censurable for;
for his opinion was, that neither parly should
have been made acquainted with what the report
would be. The sitting member had suffered '
upwards of sixty days to elapse before he made
his application for further time, until he discov-
ered what the repon of tut committee would be.
His request was then unreasonable, and ought
not to have been complied with. The case having
been therefore closed, he thought the additional
testimony ought not now to be received. That
motion had for its object, and was in effect nothing
else than to procure further time to hunt up tes-
timony, an application the House had refused by
its vote of Saturday last.
Mr. HOAR desired further ;v>formation on cer-
tain points he had not heard touched upon, before
he was able to give a reason for his vote. Hu con-
fessed that he was unable to perceive any good  I
ground on which the question, from the facts be-
fore the House, could be settled.    What were
they?   The election took place on the  13th of  1
August, and on the 29th of October the petitioner ' 1
gave notice that he should contest the sitting
member's seat.
Mr. BOYD said, the 2d of October.
Mr. HOAR. Well, he gave notice on the 2d
that he should proceed on the 29th of October.
Look at the character of this notice. It stated
neither the reason nor the grounds for the con-
test. Nor did it contain the names of the wit-
nesses, or the kind of testimony expected from
them.? Upon referring to the report, he found
that the petitioner hadcontinued taking deposi-
tions up to the 2d day of December, after the sit-
ting member must have left for Washington.,
Again, the election taking place on the 13th of
August, the petitioner had the advantage of all
the uitcnc,! of ,nm" between the day of election
and the close (the 29th) of the month of October.
With all these disadvantages, the sitting member
entered into the investigation, and presented a.
protest against the admission of certain testimony,'
which was not decided, upon by the committee
till the Hthjof January, and theji that gentleman,
asked for further'time.  Hc*(Mr. H.) would then'1
ask the cbitimitíee whether, without a pi ysical
possibility of Mowing thf- evidence against him,
the sittin? member should be debarred from pro-
ducing a'l the testimony he eiuld in his own
favor? He was rt a loss to undrrs'and the prin-
ciple upon which the majority of the committee
had <-ome to the conclusion they had; and, until
he did, he could not sustain it. Testimony had
been taken by the petitioner since the sitting
member left home; and some opportunity should
be afforded to rebut it, otherwise great injustice
would be done h'm.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said there might be great
force in the remark of the gentleman fron Mas-
sachusetts, that the sitting member's ease had
suffered by the petitioner having taken evidence
since he (the sitting member) left home, if that
gent.' 'man had rested his defense upon that ground.
If he had come to the House, and stated "that he
was taken by surprise by the evidence taken since
he left home, that would: have presented a differ-
ent cace. But flie sitting member was asked, when
the subject of time was up some time ago for dis-
cussion, whether he desired time to take new
evidence of which he had knowledgovor to hunt
up evidence; and the g*"t]< man d;stinc*ly an-
swered, that he did hot a -k time to discover new
evidence, but to take c\\J -nee of which he was
privy. No complaint had ever been heard from
the gentleman, that he was taken by surprise at
the depositions taken since his departure from
home, río complaint' of this nature had been
heard from him in the House, nor, as far as the
report s'iowed, in the committee.
Mr. WISE iemirked,that politicians were not
good judges of contested elections; but when law-
yer politicians became judges then there was no
expectation oi'u.!.i.i u..th or justice. He was
himself not swayed by party in this case; indeed
he could not be, for he understood that both gentle-
men came out before the prorde for the same candi-
date he supported, ; '_fd,_ Whi'e.) He Complained
that the most material party*in this case was for-
gotten, flie people; and tile whole had been treated
as a ease of me urn anif itium, between A B and C
D. Now, t'ie ques'ion waS,'not one between Gra-
ham and Newland, but whom had the people
elected? Ho understood the object of the motion'
thou pending to be, 10 h'ing ¡n the testimony
taken since the report of the committee(wa8 made.
Theso depositions were understood to vary, ma-
terially vary, the report of the majority of th«
committee, and he could conceivp no reason why
they should not be admitted. Could a decision
of the Committee of Elections set aside the con-
stitution and laws of North Carolina? That would
be the effect of affirming the decision of the com-
mittee if the additional testimony were taken
pursuant to those laws. But the ilecision of the
committee, that these gentlemen should not have
further time, did not assert that they should take
no further depositions. He asked the gentleman
at the head of the majority of the committee if
such were not the fact'
Mr. BOYD admitted that the decision of the
committee applied only to the application for
further time.
Mr. WISE then proceeded atlength to contend
for the admissibility of the subsequent testimony;
and referred to the practice of Ja,w and equity
courts. wb'-l->, under analogous circumstances,
would, he contended, decide in its favor. Justice
to the people of North Carolina required that the
House should not pronounce ¡ydoersjon,in which
their rights and interests were involved, without
having all the evidence before them. Mr. W.
stated thathe had heard from good authority that
there were tens and fifties, of bad \otes, not re-
ported either by the majority or minority of the
committee: and this was another reason why the
House should ha^-e every tittle of the testimony
before them. He reiterated that that House was
an unfit place to try the, case of a contested elec-
tion, especially in view of a presidential election,
and he could already foresee and prophesy how
every vote would be reemded in the piesentca.se.
He .referred to the case of Moore and Letcjier,
as having been debated exclusively on P rty
gtquuds.,  He admitted that he ,was himself unfit
decide the, question^ and it was from that con-
iousness' and from, ,{liv:  pcenes he   witnessed,
around him
1
md frota ,¿hy. scenes he  witnessed,
on ttiat'-óéca.íion, that Tie'had voted
