ymdnrAf
TBB'OPNGRESSHMUIL TitJOBE:'
et9ti
giving wrk partjr a fair «mdV equal epportnrihy i
of taking depositions and cross-examining wh>>
nesses.                                                                      '
A great deal had been said about the House
bemt fioTrrwd by legal rules of evidence. ' Tlirs,
Mr. H. admitted", to "a certain extent should be i
the case"; but their first'priacMcs'should be todo
justice, and that promptly.   This duty.deTolved
upon then* by Utc Constitution; add the House '
had not yet acted with that promptitude required
of them.    Ha then dwelt at some length «poo
the character of the resolutions of the gentleman.'
from North Carolina, [Mr. RenchBUí} and coa 
cfttded by expressing a hope that no further time
would be wasted in discussing mere incidental
points about the admissibility of evidence, but
that thev would come up and meet the main ques-
tion itself.   He made this appeal to gentlemen <
on alfaides.    Mr. H. then ad\erted to the ease of i
Moore and Letcher, which had been decided upon '
grounds different from those assumed by some i
gentlemen.    [Mr. H.'sremarks wrll be published
in extenso as soon as they can be written out.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, here
moved an adjournment; aJid
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. MERCER hoped the hour would be-noted
os the Journal.                                                        |
[It was then four o'clock.]                  ,                |
At the request of Mr. BYNUM, Mr. WIL- I
LIAMS withdrew his motion to adjourn; and [
Mr. BYNUM inquired oí the Chair what would i
be the situation of this question if they adjourned .
without taking it that night ? and if it would not
give place to all the other business on the Speak-
er's table ?
The CHAIR replied that that would be the
case.
Mr. GRAVES said:  Whilst I claim to be in*
fluenced by proper motives, and feel that i am a* -
ntueh bound to deal oat equal justice to both par-
ties as though I had gone to the table of1 your
Clerk, sir, and taken a solemn oath in the piWs 
eaoe of my God to try this case according! to law ]
and evidence; yet I candidly admit what I believe
to be true in reference to the feelings of every
member of this House, that I have desired, since i
my attention was first directed to this subject, to
bt enabled Iron  ti c testimony in this case, if I I
could conscientiously, to give my vote in favor of I
him «those opinions approach nearest mine on the I
«abject of the presidential election, inasmuch as
that election may come into this House, and the
vote of North Carolina may depend on who shall
fiM-tbe contested seat.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, then moved t
t« suspend the rales for the purpose of proceed-
ing with the consideration of the report of the
Committee of Elections, giving it the preference,
from day to day, over all other business, until it
was disposed of.
Mr. BaiGGStarieeufbr the yeas and nay ,
which'were not ordered; and the motion to sus*
pend, taken by tellers, was negatived—ay*>  92,
naear 77; not two third* voting m *he ¡aflfrntative.
¡Atj MERCER then renewed the same motion,
asé .asked the yeas and nays thereon.
.Mr  UNDERWOOD moved an adjournment,
remarking that the motion could as well be made ■
on Monday «srthen -
Mr, VANDERPOEL asked for the yeas ai d
nays; which were ordered; and the motion to ad-
journ was negatived-^yeas 83, nay  J10.
Mr. MERCER then moved the suspension of
the rules for the purpose of enabling him to of^er
a* resolution giving this subject the preference.
over air other business on Monday ana Tuesday,
next, unless sooner disposed of; and on that mo-'
tion Mr, M. aeked the yeas and nays^whfeh
were ordered.
This question was also decided in the nega-
tive'—yeas 96, nays 92; not two thirds voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. GRAVE^Beihgtheiferrthiedto th^floor-
Mr. HOPKINS asked thé genttenW tó yield
it for a moment while he made a motion which
he thought would meet the approbation of nil
sides of the House. If the géptleman would £jve"
way for a moment, he (Mr. fL) would move a
•aspensioii of the ririesfor the purpose of submit-
ting ft proposition Which he hoped it would be 1
the pleasure':of the House' to adopt.   It waa ha,
follows:
Hesolvt*,ThM the contested election from the twelfth
congressional district in tlie State ot North Carolina, fo$
made Uie order of tlie day for Monday next, to the exclusion
of nil other bu-iness for that day, for the especial purpose
of affordinj to the fitting member And petitioner a further
opportunity of submitting to this House each remarks in
relation to the said contested elecuon as they, or either of
them, may think proper.
Mr. GRAVES refused to yield the floor for the
purpose indicated, and replied that, from the
manifest indisposition of the House to adjourn,
he-wished to conclude the very few remarks he
had to make, and the gentleman might then make
his motions Mr. O. then proceeded to address
the House, and expressed'a hope that party con*
sxlerations would not he brought to bear upon it,
but that it would be decided according to the
principles of right and jnstiee. He appealed to
the majority of the House, after suffering some
week* to be spent on the preliminary question,
to allow this discussion to go on at least two or
three days longer. Mr. G. was proceeding to
reply to Mr. McKat, when he gave way to
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, who moved
a call of the House; which was ordered—ayes
74, noes 67.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
an adjournment; and
Mr. LANE asked for the yeas and nays'; which
were ordered; whereupon
Mr. WILLIAMS withdrew hisinotibb.
The call of the House was then proceeded in
for some time; when, on motion by
Mr. HAWES, its further proceedings were
dispensed with; taken by tellers'—ayes 93, noes
62.
Mr. GRAVES then resumed, and proceeded
to reply to Messrs. McKay and Hamer, and in
opposition to the report of the Committee of
Elections; and, after proceeding a short time, he
again gave way to
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, who moved
an adjournment; and
Mr. HAWES asked for the -yeas'and nays;
which were ordered j and the question being
taken; the House again refused toradjoum—yeas
7ft, nays 103.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, then moved a sus-
pension of the rules, for the purpose of offering
a resolution to make this subject the special order
of the day for Monday mit, from and «iter
twelve o'clock on that day. Mr. M. briefly1 ex-
plained that he had be"n given to understand that
the sitting member wished to address the House,
but that he was then indisposed. [Mr. Graham
was in his seat on the floor.]
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to—ayes 86, noes 85; not two thirds in the af-
firmative.
Mr. GRAVES Tesumed hisremarks, and, af-
ter proceeding some time, again gave way'to
Mr. HARD, who moved an adjournment; and
Mr. HAWKINS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the House again re-
fused to adjourn—yeas 74, nays 101.
Mr. GRAVES then resumed, and Addressed
the House till twentyminutesfaftereightd'clock;
when he again gave way to     ■
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, who moved
an adjournment                                                         |
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked for the yeas' arid ',
nays; which, being ordered,                                   i
Mr. CALHOON withdrew the rootiotf to ad- [
journ.                             •                                          11
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, moved a sus- I
pension of the rules for the purpose of enabling,,
him to move that this-sttbjWt be made the special j
order for Monday next. He remarked that he |
made this motion to accommodate the sitting i|
memlfef, who was then indisposed, m he was
informed, and wished to address the House.
1 [Mr. Graham was still in hi* seat at the time
the motion was submitted.]
Mr. PEYTON wished the gentleman s« to
modify hi  motion as to permit the arttfng mem-
ber arid the petitioner only to address the House
on Monday, and that, as soon as they'had con-
cluded, the queltion should be taken1 on each
proposition separately,      •                          i
Mr. CkARLA-ND replied* thaTh* WbtiM merely
make the iBoaontosuapendyarHÍ,-if permitted by
the1 Hoitse tomub«Mthi re9olutieri,thegenÜeiru rf
might then move his amendment.
Mr. PEYTON asked for the yeas aftd nay  on
tlie motion; which were ordered.
The motion to suspend was then negatived—
yeas 91, nnys 95.
Mr: CALHOON, of Kentucky, then renewed
the motion that the House adjourn, and asked
for the yeas asid nays; which were ordered; but
the House «gain refused to adjourn—yeas 81,
nays 105; and
Mr. GRAVES continued his remarks for a
few moments, chiefly in reply to Mr. Antuont,
and then (sent a document to the Clerk's table to
be read. The document in question was some
election case in Maine.
Mr. CAMBRELENG objected to the readingj
and                                                                       ,
Mr. GRAVES' moved for the reading, and
asked for the yeas and nays; which were ordered;
and the motion was agreed to—yeas 106, nays 76.
Mr. ANTHONY raised a question of order,
whether the gentleman could read, or cause to be
read, such a document as this in refutation of an
argument of Mr. A.'s yesterday, on the main
question before the House. The document was
a case from Maine, and did not apply to his ar-
gument in reference to the course pursued in
Pennsylvania.
The .CHAIR said, the gentleman had sent a
book to the Clerk's table containing a roport,
which he desired tohave read, orihT>art,ana the
House had determined by its voto that it .should
be read, and the Clerk would read it under that
order.
The Clerk accordingly read an extract from the
case.
Mr. GRAVES then resumed, and was pro*
ceeding to comment, with some severity, on the
conduct of those gentlemen who had voted against
the motion he had made, when he was called to
order by several members,and the Chair pro*
nounced him to be out of order.
Mr. G. then proceeded, and again recurred to
the arguments of Messrs. Hamer aad VandSh-
pokl, &c; but very little of what he said could
be heard. At the end of about half an hour, lie
again gave way to                                        <
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, who moved an
adjournment; and
Mr. GILLET asked for the yeas and nnys;
which were ordered;and the motion was rejected
—*yeas 83, nays 107; so the House refused again
to adjourn; and
Mr. GRAVES again proceeded, and read va-
rious extracts from the printed depositions in the
report of the Committee of Elections. At eleven
o'clock Mr. G. gave way, apparently without
concluding, to Mr. Calhoon, of Kentucky, who
commenced addressing the Chair. The speech
of Mr. Graves, and the various motions to ad-
journ, taken by yeas and nays, had occupied the
House upwards of seven hours, Mr. G. having
commenced at half-paet three1 o "clock.
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, who" was. in
possession of the floor, after s few remnks'gKTe
way to
Mr. WISE, who remarked, that as the gentle 
man was a young member, he would move tin
adjournment.
Mr. PEYTON asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and upon takang the question
there were—yeas 80, nays 107; so the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. CUSHMAN rose and addressed ¿Ho CHair,
for the purpose, he said, of demanding the pre-
vious question.'
The CHAIR decided the gentleman frbm Ken-
tucky [Mr. Caswoon} to'be entitled to the floor.
Mr. CUSHMAN remarked, ¿ha ih« gentleman
from Kentucky had spoketiyand given Way to
another gentleman.        > ■    '
The CHAIR said, that to give the gentleman
from Kentucky theáoorundertiiecircuhUtances,
was in confoittrity with the courtesy and prac-
tice of the House, and he therefore reiterated hi*
decision m favor of that gentleman.
Mr. CUSHMAN said he would not press th*
point, and withdrew his motion.
Mr. CALHOON the , at aboufhalfpaa* eleven
o'clock p* in., prooeBdfcdW addr*   the'Housi.
He «aid hecoaU toa -*© panjr jweduectiow m
