THE OONGRES ONAL «LOBE J
Marchi£$Jl
this ««p. for he wns equally opposed to the poli- I i
tics of bothsontl.wn.as he was equally opposed
to Jnd"e White and Mr. Van Buren. Ho then
went into an examination and review of the pro-
ceeding in the committee, and the details of their
rcpoi t "and. thousrh believing that the sitting mem-
ber had a clear and decided majority, he preferred
sending the election back to the people, so as to
place it out of the reach of president-makers and
partv influences. Mr. 0. spoke, till within a few
minute* of twehe o'clock; when
Mr. LAWLER raised n point of order, that it
was not lawful to continue the sessions of the
House aft. r twelve o'clock on Saturday night, so
as to break in upon the Sabbath.
The CH\1R replied, that tins question had
once before been raised within his recollection,
and decided. At the first session of the Nine-
teenth Congress the question was raised at twelve
o'clock on~the last m?ht of the session, which
was on a Saturday; and it was within the memory
(\f the Chair.as well as of other members present,
that the then Speaker decided that, as a question
of ordtr. there was no difficulty about it; that,
dunrt? the war, Conarw"'* had in fact sat all day,
or through all the day, n the Sabbath,and passed
a large number of important bills. The Chair,
however, upon the present occasion, would not
undertake to say whether it was in order or not
for this discussion to continue, and would leave
it for the House to determine.
Mr. LAWLER then took an appeal from what
he understood to be the decision of the Chair, and
asked the reading of the resolution fixing the
hour of meeting at eleven o'clock each day. Mr.
L. argued the point for some ten or fifteen min-
utes, that twelve o'clock having elapsed, it was
then the Sabbath; and being a dies «ton for legis-
lation, further discussion ought to be arrested at
that time.
The point was debated for some time between
Messrs. LAWLER, UNDERWOOD, PEY-
TON, and ADAMS, the last gentleman conclud-
'ng by a motion to adjourn.                                   ¡
Mr. WISE then raised another point of order,
;hat, as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Cal-
hoon] was in possession of the floor when he
was arrested by the other point of order, no mo-
tion could be made to adjourn until that gentleman
yielded the floor.
The CHAIR overruled the last point, on the
ground that a question of order always interposed,
if made, in the discussion of every question, and
that the motion to adjourn was always in order.
Mr. REED then asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn; which were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD hoped the hour would be
recorded on the Journal; and he moved an amend-
ment to the motion to that effect.                          !
The CHAIR remarked (hat a motion to ad- |
journ was not susceptible of amendment; but he
supposed there would be no objection to the
time of night being entered on the Journal, and
he would direct the Clerk to note it.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, appealed to Mr.
Adams to withdraw his motion, to enable Mr.
M. to renew the motion he had before attempted
to make, to proceed with this subject on Monday
next.
Mr. ADAMS refused; and the question being
taken, the House rejected the motion to adjourn—
yeas 83, nays 95.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Law-
ler's appeal from the decision of the Chair,
Mr. HA WES moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, aeked for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. LAWLER then withdrew his appeal; con-
sequently the motion of Mr. Hawk  fell; and then
Mr. LAWLER renewed h« appeal; but the
Chair decided that .now the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Calhoon] was entitled to the floor on
Che previous subject.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from that decision, and
Mr. HAWES-*uo ved to lay that appeal oa the
table.
The CHAIR having stated the grounds of his
decision, and Mr. ADAMS having withdrawn
his appeal,
Mr. LAWLER renewed his original appeal
«yainst the power of the House to continue its
«lungs after twelve o'clock on Saturday night,
and argued the point for some ten or fifteen min-
utes.
Mr. HAWES demanded the previous question
on the appeal; and
Mr. ADAMS made a few remarks against the
right of the House, or of the majority, under the
circumstances, to continue in business at that
hour.
Mr. EVANS them moved an adjournment;
and
Mr. PEYTON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered—(it was then one o'clock,a,
m.)—and the House again refused to adjourn—
yeas 80, nays 95.
The question then recurred on seconding the
motion for the previous question on the appeal,
which was taken by tellers; and ninety-six gen-
tlemen being counted off in the affirmative, a wish
was expressed from several quarters of the House
that the noes be not counted; when
Mr. ADAMS rose, and said he hoped they
would be counted, and it would then be seen if a
quorum would vote.
Accordingly, only nineteen gentlemen then
passed between the tellers, making—ayes86,noes
19; no quorum.
Mr. ADAMS, who had not voted, rose and
said he denied the right of this House to compel
him to vote on the Sabbath day.
Mr. HAWES moved that the gentleman from
Massachusetts be excused from voting.
Mr. ADAMS.   I do not ask to be excused.
Mr. LAWLER then moved an adjournment.
Mr. BOYD asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, (but in conse-
quence of what took place, the vote was not an-
nounced till long afterwards,) and the motion was
again rejected by the House—yeas 54, nays 95.
On calling over the roll, Mr. Adams had refused
to answer to his name, and
Mr. WISE rose and moved that the rules of
the House be enforced, and that the member from
Massachusetts be thereupon compelled to vote.
After some conversation between the CHAIR,
Mr. HAMER, and Mr. WISE, on the point,
Mr-BEARDSLEY remarked that,understand-
ing the gentleman from Massachusetts had con-
scientious scruples about Voting at that tune, he
moved that the gentleman be excused by the
House.
Mr. ADAMS said he did not desire to be ex-
cused, nor did he refuse to vote upon the ground i
assumed by the gentleman from New York. He
had no conscientious scruples on the subject; for
if the public business demanded, he would sit
there throughout, and till midnight of the Sab-
bath: but he held that the House had no right to
sit there at that hour, without first passing an
express order, setting forth that the public busi-
ness demanded it, or could not be dispensed with.
Mr. PEYTON then addressed the House for
about half an hour, commenting with great seven-
ty upon the motion of the gentleman from New
York, and the inconsistency of his course in being
there then after midnight, and his refusal to vote
after that hour, on thelast night of the last session
of Congress. Mr. P. was several times called to
order, both by the Chair end by the House. He
spoke till a few minutes after two o'clock.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said that, as he perceived
he had misapprehended the member from Massa-
chusetts, and as the gentleman did not refuse to
vote upon conscientious scruples, he withdrew
his motion in relation thereto; whereupon
Mr. MERCER moved that the member from
Massachusetts be not required to vote.
i Mr. BYNUM then rose, and, after a few re-
marks, renewed the motion to make the subjeet
of the contested election the special order of the
day, in preference to all other business#on Mon-
day and Tuesday next.
Mr. WISE. I object to that motion* sir; I
wish the motion pending before the House to be
decided before any other.
Mr. MERCER then withdrew his motion fop
the purpose of submitting the latter motion}
whereupon
Mr. WISE moved that the gentleman from
Massachusetts be required (subsequently modi-
fied by Mm "compelled") to vote, and addressed
the House at some length in reply to Mr Btncm.
In the course of his remarks he was called to
order by the latter gentleman, and an altercation
of an angry and painfully personal character
ensued, which was arrested by the House.
Mr. MERCER interposed; and after a few
remarks and suggestions by Messrs. MER-
CER, PEYTON, THOMAS, JOHNSON of
Kentucky, ADAMS, ALLAN of Kentucky,
LAWLER, THOMPSON of South Carolina,
and HOWARD, both the gentlemen explained,
and made their acknowledgments to the House,
which had unanimously required that the contro-
versy should there end.
Mr. LAWLER then withdrew his appeal; and
Mr. DAVIS asked leave to move that the sub-
ject of the contested election for North Carolina
be made the special order of the day, in prefer-
ence to all other business, from and after one
o'clock on Monday, and twelve o'clock on Tues-
day, unless sooner disposed of; which motion, by
general consent, was put and agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS, the House then
adjourned at half past four, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 28,1836".
Mr. GRUNDY presented some additional tes-
timony in support of the claim of John Hogan for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of a
number of citizens of Philadelphia, praying for
the erection of a new custom-house; which Wa '
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Charles
Frazier Sebbald, of Philadelphia; which was re*
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of sun-
dry merchants and others of the city </f Philadel-
phia, praying for an increase of the compensation*
of the custom-house officers; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
•Mr. McK. also presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing their
Senators, and requesting their Representatives, to
vote for the bill to distribute the proceeds of th#
sales of the pubhc lands among the States; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. McK. also presented the proceedings and
resolutions of a public meeting* held at Union
Town, Pennsylvania, on the subject of the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a remonstrarloei
of three hundred and forty citizens of Wayñe
county, Indiana, against the proposed change in
the Cumberland road, by way of Dayton and
Eaton; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Brooklyn, New York, praying a
1 repeal of the duty on coals; which was referred"
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PORTER presented the memorial from a
number of merchants of New Orleans, praying
for the erection of a new custom-house for that -
city; which was referred to the Committee dn
Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to increase the mil-
itary establishment of the United States; which
was read, and ordered to a secorid reading.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Naval '
Affairs, reported a bill/or the relief of Elizabeth
Richards; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. MORRIS, on leave, introduced a bill to
prohibit the sales of the public lands, exceptan'
limited quantities to actual settlers; which whs
read twice and referred.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WHITE submitted the íojlowing resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Renlved, That Ufa pape  and documents presented to the
Senate for ttie purpose of procuring compensation to Dr.
Alexander Tally, fcrcqrn arid other supplier furhNned W
the emigrating Choctaw Indians, an IfnradvancwoFnioney
made by him ns traiumiuett to tneHerretaiyof War, witit
nwtructiowto ascertain whether any tUinj ib due to the said
