%sm
ir
.m&iaomnmmmtA mm$-
mi
which would hvrr been obeyedl-withnut 'being
*ent Did not the Legislature know that every
o^ppsttion man on that floor would voteforClay's
land lull just as n-rtam asthat the sun would rise
to-moi row : Did they suppose that Mr. H. or
any of his colleagues, sustaining; the same opin-
ions he did, would vote for this monstrous prop-
osition? Did not the Legislature know that they
■were too regardful of the interests of the States
to spII and manacle and prostrate the country
they hold so dear ? Mr. H. said the resolutions
-were sent there for political purposes, .and he
intended, before he «jot through, to give them a
touch in relation to the election of the man they
• were striving so hard to make President.
The remarks of Mr. Hawes were here arrested
by a call from Mr. Hard for the special orderof
tlie day.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The motion pending was the proposition of Mr.
Rencher to amend the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections. [See the proceedings
of Saturday.]
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, who was en-
titled to the floor, continued his remarks from
Saturday night last. He adverted to the proceed-
ings on that occasion, and defended the course of
the minority, whose only purpose and object was
to prevent the question being taken then, withqut
taking a vote upon the various principles em-
braced in the amendment. That amendment, he
maintained, embodied the very principles upon
which the main question ought to be decided; and
he yet expressed a hope that the House would
vote on each proposition respectively, after hear-
ing the sitting member and the petitioner. He
felt authorized to pledge the House that those
with whom he acted would refrain from further
discussion. Mr. C. t ien proceeded to examine
the report of the committee, and to controvert
their conclusions in favor of the petitioner; sup-
porting also, at considerable length, the amend-
ment of Mr. Revcher,
Mr. GRAHAM, the sitting member, thelx ad-
dressed tlie House at length in his own support.
He said he concicntiously believed and averred,
that he had  received a majority of the votes of ,
the freemen of the twelfth congressional district
of North Carolina, and in that belief, supporting
their rights, he stood there.    He then went into
a history of the whole proceedings of the contest,
from the first notice he received from the peti-
tioner.    He complained that the notices served on
him were insufficient, for want of specification,
being general in their terms, and he himself had
been dragged into it blindfolded.    He cited vari-
ous precedents to  show that the  petitioner was
bound to specify, in all cases, not only the name
of the illegal voter, but also the grounds of ob- '
jection to him.   This the petitioner was bound |
to do.   In reply to Mr. Anthony, Mr. G. said, ,
he was not bound to do the same thing, for he
was only bound to act in defense, as the peti- , I
tioner had in his attack.    He then entered into a <
review of the testimony adduced in the report,  |
against the reception  of most of whieh he pro-
tested, on the ground of informality, and referred   '
to the whole in detail.   As soon as Mr. G. con-
cluded,
Mr. NEWLAND obtained the floor, and gave  '
way to
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana.who moved an
adjournment.                                                          ,,
Mr. CHAPÍN asked for the yeas ana nays, bat
they were not ordered; and the vote being taken
by tellers, was carried in the affirmative—ayes 94    '
noes 29.                                                      '           ,(
So the House adjourned athalfpastfouro'clock,  <
p. m.                ___________                                     i
IN SENATE.                            !!
TüEídat, March 29, 1836.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the War Department, inclosing a report from the
Topographical Bureau, of a survey of the con-
templated road from Chicago to Green Bay, made
ia compliance with the resolution of the Senate.
•    Mr. WHITE presented two memorials, one
from a delegation of certain Indian tribes on the
Western side of the Mississippi, the other from
Indians residing on the eastern side, on the sub-
ject of the western boundary line of Arkansas;
Winch Mr. W. moved to lay on tlie table, saying
that he would call for their reading when the bill
for the admission of Arkansas into the Union,
came before the Senate. Thernotkm was agreed
tfl.   '
Mr. MORRIS presented additional petitions
from citizens of Ohio, on the subject of the change
of. location of Uje Cumberland road; >vhich were
referred to the Conufnittea on Roads and Canals.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of Joel Crawford and Seaborn Jones; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pub-
, lie Lands, reported unfavorably on several bills
and petitions that had been referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported the bill for the relief of Daniel
Smith, without amendment.
Mr. E., from the same committee,also reported
unfavorably on the bills from the House for the
relief of Alexander Small, John Demot, and on
the memorial of the Legislature of Alabama, pray-
ing for grants of lands in lieu of the sixteenth sec-
tion, where found to be unproductive, or taken up
by Indian reservations. This last report was
made on the ground that the subject was provided
for in a bill before the Senate.
Mr. E.,from the same committee, also reported,
Without amendment, the bill for the relief of
Alvarez Fisk, and the legal representatives of
Thomas P. Eskridge.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the same commit-
tee, reported unfavorably on the resolution of the
Senate, directing an inquiry into the expediency
of ceding to the State of Ohio certain lands; also,
reported unfavorably on the resolution directing
an inquiry into the expediency of making grants
of lands to colleges.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported,
without amendment,  the bills from the House ,
authorizing the issuing of scrip to Daniel Tyler, !
and the biit for the relief of the citizens of the '
I reserved township in Monroe county, Indiana, '
' recommending the passage of the latter.                '
j Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims-, reported unfavorably in the
case of William Woodcock.                                   i
Mr. LINN presented a letter received by him, I
from a gentleman in Missouri, containing informa- '
tion  relative to the claim of De Vitlemont, and
moved to refer il to the Committee on the Public
Lands; which was agreed to.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
SOUTHARD was considered and agreed to.
The report of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
concluding with a resolution to refer the papers
relative to the claim of Alexander Tally tp the I
War Department, was adopted.                              I
BILLS PA8SED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time and passed:
The bill to establish the territorial government
of Wisconsin;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives and sureties of James Brobson.Iate marshal
of the district of Delaware; and
The ball authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to compromise and settle the claim of the
United States against the Alleghany Bank of i
Pennsylvania.
The bill to provide for opening- the road from
Port Leavenworth to some point on tlie right
bank of the Mississippi, above the State of Mis-
souri, was, after being amended, on motion by
Mr. LINN, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Robinaon, j
daughter and only sur. ¡ring heir of Lieutenant
I Richard Wild, of (ha TeTolpiianarjf .army, de-
¡ceased;                                                    i .
1    The bill for the relief of Martin Prindle;
The bill for the relief of Theodore W. Morris;
and
The bill to purchase the right to use the inven-
tion of Boyd Reilly, for the application of vapor
, to the human body, in the Army and Navy hos-
pitals.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
Mr. BENTON moved to postpone the previous
orders, and to take up the bill to establish the
northern boundary line of Ohio, and for the ad-
mission of Michigan into the Union; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. B. said the committee who reported this
bill, and of which he was a member, had consid-
ered  the southern  boundary  line  as virtually
established.    They had included in the proposed
limits a considerable portion of territory on the
northwest, and had estimated the whole amount
of territory embraced within the territorial limits
of the whole State at sixty thousand square miles.
The Territory attached contained a very small
portion of the Indian population. He spoke of the
trade on the river between Lakes Michigan and
Superior.    As Michigan presented an extended
frontier, both as related to the Indians and for-
eign Powers, it was desirable that it should be as
strong and defensible a State as possible. Mr. B.
moved to strike out the words in the third sec
tion, " be authoxized to," so as to make it read,
the President "shall" announce the fact of the
acceptance by the Legislature; also, to strike ou*
the words, " shall receive the approbation of the
Senators and members of the House of Repre
sentatives elected to represent the said State in
the Congress of the United States," which were
, agreed to.  He offered some other amendments of
minor importance, which were also agreed to.
¡    Mr. CLAYTON gave the reasons which (he
said) constrained him to oppose the passage of
this bill.    He was one of tlie committee who
reported it, and had assented to the report under
the hope that in the course of the discussion
something might be elicited which would obviate
the difficulties that now appeared to him of a very
serious nature.   In assenting to this report, he fei 
that this was a proposition which might be dis-
cussed before the whole Senate, and not smothered
in the committee, inasmuch as the supporters of
the measure ought, in justice, to be allowed to
submit their whole plan, and as some plan might
be offered in the course of the discussion which
would reconcile all parties to the passage of the
bill.   He did not then say that he wouldnot vote
for the bill, though there were difficulties in the
way of serious magnitude; indeed, he was anxious
for the admission of Michigan, believing that she
had a sufficient population to entitle her to it; but
his object was to elicit discussion, in order that
his objections and those of other gentlemen might,
if possible, be overcome.    The bill proposed the
ratification and confirmation of the constitution
formed by the convention elected by the people of
Michigan, but it changed the boundaries claimed
by that constitution in the most essential partic-
ulars.   The bill, in the third section,provided that
this act shall receive the assent of the Legislature
of the State  acting under the authority of the
convention elected by its people; and thereupon,
and without further proceedings on the part of
Congress, the President shall announce that the
conditions of her admission are complied with,
and her Senators and Representatives shall be
allowed to take their seats in Congress without
further delay.    Gentlemen would perceive that
the condition required by the bill for so important
a change of the boundaries of the new State was
not the assent of the people of Michigan, but the
assent of her Legislature, acting under the author-
ity of the before-named convention.    He wished
to call the attention of gentlemen to this point:
Michigan was to be admitted into the Union as
soon as her Legislature, acting under the authority
of the convention, assentett to the boundaries
given in the bill.     Was this a proper way to
admit a State into the Union ?   Was'thJ  consist-
ent with the principles of civil gov^rttfftent, or of
the origin of civil governments, \Wtich required
the assent of the governed to the form and manner
