mt
VW& !OOtfGRfiSSfOKAL OLOKE.
MardhE 2f,
of their government > How Wat the assent of
the people üvmg on the north side of the like
en en, either expressed or implied ' Consrn =s by
this bill idil'd twenty thousand --quire mibs to
Michigan, notembractd in tin. bound irus defined
in the'constitution adopted by them, and how-
was the assent of the people In in? in that portion
of the Territory, who took no part tn forming this
constitution, given to thtse boundaries1 How
would gentlemen extend the jurisdiction ot the
new State over these twenty thousand square
miles, without asking the assent of the people
living there' Again- this bill struck out fue
hundied squaremikscontained within the bound-
aries claim d In this eonstitutton The constitu-
tion runs thus '• We, the people of the Temtory
of Michigan, is established bj the act of Confess
of the 11th of Janu tr) , 1805 " N i\\ this bill
extended the jurisdiction of this coi stitution o\er
the people of an immense tract of countij , who
are not within the limits of this Termor) as
establish d by the act of Congress ot 11th Jan-
uary , IbOó, and how this could be done, w uhout
violating the principle tint all go\crnm nts were
founded on the consent of the governed, he was
at a lo«s to concene.
It was nowhere provided in the ordinance of
the contention that this Legislatuie should have
the powi r to alter or changi the constitution or
boundaries of the State, how, then, could the
assent of this Legislature mike this change of
boundary binding on the State' Attlarg" meet-
ing lately held at the citv of Detroit, it was as-
sert) d t'iat the people of Michigan had gnen no
pow r to an} set of men to alter or change thur
boundaries By the constitution named by the
contention, it was made a pre-requis.te that the
people should assent to it, and the manner in
which such assent should be given was clcaily
defined Now this assent had been gnen,and
thi constitution had been sent to Congress JVow
he did not behe\e that the people of Ohio and
Indiana who lived withm the line claimed by
Michigan ever gave their assent to this- constitu-
tion, but he did not choose to go behind the evi-
dence They say that all who htc within the
line established by the act of Congress of Janu-
ary 11, l4^, votfd for it, and how, then, could
this Legislature give their assent to the subtrac-
tion of this territory chimed to be within the
limits of Michigan by this constitution ' He w as
anxious to hear what gentlemen would sav in
relation to these difficulties, and he put it to them
whether it would not be necessary to ask the as-
sert of the people Imng on the north and west
side of the lake to tins constitution, to make it
binding on them '
Mr CL 1YTON gave, his objections at length
to another part of the constitution of Michigan,
which provides that every white male inhabitant
residing in the Territory at the time of the adop-
tion of th" constitution, or for a pt-riod of six
months, shall be entitled to a vote This clause,
he contended, vi as in v íolation of the Constitution,
which gives to Congress alone the power to pre-
scribe a uniform iuh of naturalization. Mr C
concluded by saying that he was anxious for the
admission of Michigan into the Union and if
this bill should be r<jected,as he thought it ought,
anothi r bill might be brought forward and passed
at this session, providing for dbtaming in the
proper form the ass< nt of all the people within
the prescribed boundaries to the constitution, and
thus Michigan might come into the Union with
her sister, \rkansas, on the first day of the next
session. She would only be deprived of the
privilege of being represented in Congress for the
short period yet remaining of this s< ssion, which
would be fully compensated by coming into the
Union as all the other States had done.
Mr. BENTON replied to Mr. Claytov, that
both the points raised by him had been debated
and acquiesced in by Congress for nearly a quar-
ter of a r< ntury, and cited the acts of Congress of
6th and 14th Apnr, 1812, in relation to the admis-
sion of Louisiana into the Union, which, he con-
tendí d, were parallel with the present case, and
went into a minute history of the circumstances
connected with it, to show its exact similauty to
the case of Michigan.
Mr. CLAYTON replied, that the assent of the
Legislature was required to this material change
• of boundary, ¡ind, it was said, the assent of the
Legislature acting under the authority of an ordi-
nanoeof the convention Now, did the gentleman
suppose that the ordinance gave power to the
Legislature to assent to the annexation of twenty
thousand square miles to the State, or the sub-
traction of five hundred square miles from it' Or
did the gentleman suppose that the Legislature,
acting under the authority of this ordinance, were
authorized to give the assent of the people lmng
within this twenty thousand square miles ' How
could any man stand up for an instant, and sup-
pose that the ordinance gave any such power'
He asked of gentlemen wlio intended to vote for
this bill to examine this constitution over, and
s, e whether the provisions of the bill comported
wnh it
Mr HENDRICKS thought the case cited in
regard to the admission of Michigan not exactly
in point There was no question of citizenship
in Louisiana, and it was more than a year after
her boundaries were prescribed and fii.cd, before
the new acquisition was made to her terntoiy,
and she had the right of rejection, although it ac-
cepted the addition il tcrutory In this ease the
people of Michigan had no right of íejection
The people w itlun the territory that w as added
had not participated in the formation of the con-
stitution submitted to Congress, and, if they had,
it is not known that the constitution would have
been what it is. He did not wish to debate the
question, but meiely to show the difference be-
tween th.s and the ease cited by the gentleman
fiom Missoun.
Mr. WRIGHT addressed the Senate in reply
to Mr Clvaton. His íemaiks will be given
hereaftei.
On motion by Mi DAVIS, and by general
consent, the further consideration of the bill was
postponed till to morrow, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
after vhich, it adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
TeesDAY, March 29, 1836.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
fiom the Hon. Samuel Be*.rdsleí, stating that
he had resigned his seat in the House of Repre-
sentatives, which was laid on the tabic.
Mi. McKIM, on leave, presented several peti-
tions, which were refened
On motion by Mi. GILLET, the resolution
heretofore reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, for printing two thousand extra copies of
the bill fixing the pay of the officers of the cus-
toms, was taken up and agreed to
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Benjamin Coy tv which was read twice and
I committed.
JACKSON CITV, DISTRICT OF COLtMBU.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to íncorpo-
I rate the Jackson City Association,in the District
of Columbia, which was read the first time.
Objection being made to its second reading, the
Speaker said, the question would be on the re-
' jection of the bill.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, that, from remarks
which he had heard from gentlemen in his vicin-
ity, the nature of the bill was entirely misappre-
hended, and he presumed that was the case with
gentlemen on the other side of the House. It
seemed to be íegardcd as a charter [or a city.
Now, sir, it is very far from this The facts
are these. A number of gentlemen, some of them
residing in this District, having become associ-
ated in the purchase of a large tract of land on
the other side of the Potomac, in this District,
with the expectation that, fiom its peculiar posi-
tion and other cucumsUncesrnot necessary now
to enumerate, a comme rcial city will soon be
established there, and intending themselves to
make a beginning, now ask for an act of incorp-
oration to enable them to manage this common
property with mote facility and c mvenience than
they otherwise could. The powers granted are
fovf, and no more than arc absolutely necessary
for the purposes of the association     If the gen-
tlemen succeed as they now anticipate, in indu-
cing gentlemen not now connected with the asso-
ciation to come here and establish thtmselvts in
commercial pursuits, they will by and by ask us
to grant them a city charter. Now, they ask for
no such thing; but for a few simple corporate
powers. But, however well or ill grounded are
the expectations of these gentlemen, or whatever
may be the merits or defects of the bill, it is hoped
that the usual courtesy will be extended towards
it, of permitting it to pass to a second reading.
Mr. WARDWELL remarked that, in his
opinion, if there ever was a humbug, this is em-
phatically one; and he hoped that the House
would at once reject the bill. Whatare the facts
attending this most singular application' Several
gentlemen have purchased a fat m at the south end
of the Long Bridge over the Potomac, in this Dis-
trict. Then-ostensible object is to build a city, but
in my opinion, the real object is to make money
out of it at the expense of the community. Should
we incorporate this company, what will be the
consequence' The lots will be advertised in New
Yoik, and the diñen nt cities of the Union they
will be sold at a large price, the company will
pocket the money, and those who purehuse will
lose it. Tins will be the result of this humbug.
He hoped the House would reject the bill jit once,
and not give countenance to a project so well cal-
culated to deceive the people.
Mr. SPEIGHT had heard of taking time by
the forelock, but the present motion looked like
taking legislation by the forelock. Why did not
gentlemen wait until the piopei time for objecting
to this bill' The course lndiciti d on the present
occasion was, to his mind, moie odious than the
previous question, about which so much had been
said. He hoped the bill would be permitted to
take the usual course, and be íeferred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole, wheie, in the pic ents ate
of the business, it would piobahlj sleep for the
¡ remainder of the session. The pioposi'ion to
| reject at that stage, would give to the bill more
importance than it deserved. Mr S. asked for
the reading of the bill, which was accordingly
read in part, wh"n
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, moved to suspend
the further reading of the same, which was agreed
to.
Mr. "VANDERPOEL said that this bill was
reported by one of the standing e ommitttes of
this House, and he would ask w hether it was en-
tirely courteous to the committee to make the
summary disposition of the bi 1 whn h was now
proposed. He did not know that he should ulti-
mately vote for the bill, he was at le \st open to
I conviction as to its meats and demcuts, but he
did not believe that the bill was on its face so
preposterous and so outiageousin punciple,as to
requite the despciate expedient now pioposed to
be adopted in reference to it Why not let it go
through the ordinary routine of legislation ' It
did not propose to chatter a city befóte a city was
erected, but to grant to an association of gentle-
mem corporate poweis to facilitate the cfioit to
build a city on the other side of the Potomac,
which the petitioners told us they eontt mplated
doing. If the petitioners or piopuctors really in-
tended to build, or to commence building a cuy
there, an act of incorporation like the one now
under consideration, might be veiy convenient
and useful. It would at least guard against the
inconveniences that would íesult from the death
of any one or inore of the propuctors, and the
probable minority of those who might succeed
them. He was not, in principio, favoi able to the
unnecessary increase of coiporations, but tins bill
( was certainly not so flagrantly objectionable as
to destroy all claim to that courtesy which was
extended to most, if not all, othet bills that were
reported to this House. He hoped, tin íefore,
that the motion now to reject, would not pre vail.
Mr. BOND said, that this was a nove 1 propo
sition. Whei) it was attempted to>grant an act
of incorporation to deal in lands, it was time to
take the alarm. In rclatior to the inconvenience
to which reference had been made, about the
management of the property of this companj , it
was the same which was experienced by every
partnership; and he inq'ircd whethe r tbeie was
a gentleman present, who had heard the bill read,
who would vote for it'
