THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BIAIR &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION
First Session", 24tii Covgress.
MO.VDAY, APRIL 4, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 20.
M'< oin-, M<Kij, McKenirv>, Mercer, Milliga , Moms, I
Fa to , P tinw, Ppvton. Botd, Ruielu r, Rob rtson,
linj'v iiu«-ill, \n2t1-tme H Shcpppri! irli tc, ^pingler,
■«linde er, Steele. Storer. THtt er o, Waddv Thompson,
I i.d "rwood. \ niton. While, \\ bitüfeey, Lewis V, üliain-,
fcaenod V\ illuuu-, aad \\ u-e. -87
The preMous question having been thus put
and carried in the affirmative, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put, the amendment moved by
Mr. Revcher, to the resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections, was thereby put aside,
and the mam question was stated, to wit: That
the House do agree to the resolutions reported
by the Committee of Elections, which are as fol-
lows:
1    Rewired, That James G'-aham is not entitled to a seat
111 till   House
2   Respited, That David Newlajid is entitled to a seat in
thi   Hini-e
A division of the said main question being called ,
foi,                                                                                      I
The question was put, that the House do agree I
to th" first of the said resolutions, viz:                      I
1 Revolted, Tint Jame- Graham is not entitled toa seat ¡
in 'hi- House,
And pass  d in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays
87, as follows-                                                                 i
\£AS—Me—r* A.ithflin, Ash, Barton, Bca , Bockce, '
Boon. Boulriui, Bovee, Bo\d, Brown, Buchanan. Burn-,
Bvriuin.Canihrelen", Cirr, Cisev, ClnMPv,Ch ipnnn. Cha
pin. vjjvelaiid, < oliec, Cole*, Conner, Crauf. Cramer,
Ui bunn, Davis, Doubled iv, Dromgonlp, EfTuer, Fanneld,
F i 1 n, frem h, V\ idi im K   Fuller, Galbnith. Jame  Gar
I >■ d. G II't   Grantltnil, Hal v, Jo-eph Halt, Hainer, IIin
ii gin, Sim>j I S Harrison, Albert G   Harrison, flanes,
II nvmus, Haj ue-, Henderson, Hol-ev, Hnpkins. Howard,
Hu ili \, Huiunuton, In 1! im, Jabex Jack on, Jam-, Jo
«ph John on, Richard M Jonn-on, Cave Johnson, John
W   Jone-, Benjamin Jon «. K"nnon, Kilgore.  Kmnard,
Ivliugcn until, Lane, Lin ing, Gideon L->e. Jo liua L f,
luouiasLee, Leonard. Logj.n, Lovall, Job Minn, Mm-
nmg, Martin, John V. Mason, Williiui Maum. Mo-es Ma-
-on,McKaj, McKeon, Mckim, McL-ne, Moutgompij,
.on, Uute-J  Pewce Fri.ikltii Pierce   P.i.-lp   John Kej
Morga i. Muhlenberg, Owens Page  Parker, Pirk-. Pntt«r
nold ,  Jo-eph Rev Holds, Kipley, nouie, Sclvcick, Su
iiou1"    Mimii,  iMcltlca,   Smith,   Sp ijlit, Ti o na .  John
riinni-on, Town-, Tuvtll,  \ and, rum |, ttasener, Ward,
VVardwi 11, Web-ter. and Wei \—111
NAYsi — Messrs Adams, Chilton Allan. H'rnan Allen,
Ashley, Bnilt j, B¿ale. Bell, Bond, Borden, Brijg , Bunch,
loan Ca'nouii, William B Calhoon, Cnmph. II, Cali r,
Geoige Chimb-r  John Chamber-. Child-, K ill.mi 1 tl
Ulaibonie, Clark, Corwin. Crane, Cushiiür Dnrhn^on De-
toerrj, 0>.nnj, Lvaiis, Everett, Forester, Philo C Fu'ler,
Rict Garluid, G anier, G.-ave , Giav-on, GrennWI, Griffin,
HtIj d II ill, Ila-d, Utirdm, Hailan, Hizcltinc, Hoar, How-
ell Htint-mtn, lT?er-ol!, Janes. Henry John on, Lawler,
Law mice. Lav, Luke Lea, Lewi , Lincoln, Love. Luca-,
Lion,samp on M  on, Maun. lleConns McKcnnan,
Mercer, Mithgan, Murri*, Patton.Petiigrew, Peyton.Pmck
ii"v, Itied, Renelker,Rnbeit-on, Hoger , Kua ell \,iiii tine
II ^lu pp-M-d. Slade. gpangler, Standeiti, Steil , «'orer.
'I aha erro, VVaddv1h mp-r>n. Underwood Vinton, H'liit",
W hitne^}, km WUiuuns, Shcrrod WiUiam , and Wise
—s;
So it was resolved that James Graham is not
cAtitkd to a fceat in this Ilouae.                                  i
The question was then put, tlial the Hfltise do
agree to tlu- second of the «aid. resokmoDS. and
p is- d ui the negative—yuas 9 , naya ICO; as
tollo ws:                                                                            j
i EAS—Messrs. Antbonv, A<-h, Battod, Bean. Bockes,
Boo'i, Bovee, Boyd, Brow.i, Euthanan, Burns, Bmiuui,
Can,brcl'ng,Carr,Cae5,Chmiey, Chapul, Qkvd-uid, Col
'<> , t-i' •-, Crais. Crainer. Cu hman. Dan-, Doublediv,
Droingo. ' Effner, Fai fi-id, Farhn, Frenetr, Willnm K
Fuller, Gain ith, Jame- Garland, GutetjG-anUand Hidey,
Jo-liw Hall, llainer, AlKrtG Harri-on, JUwes, Hawkuit,
Hivik-, Holsej, Howard, Hubley, nuntmgton, Ingham,
.I.ibi z Jackson, Jo-eph John on, BichanlM johu-onTCive
Jj.hn^on, Benjamin Joii«f, Keonon, Kilgore, Kuinnid,
Khngen^miüi, Lane, Liuwmg, Gideon Lee, Jo lraa Lee
ThciMi.iaI.cc, Leonard, Logan, Job Mann, Martin, John V
din Hirlan, Samuel ^ Him-on, Hizeltme, Hend°r-on,
Hoar, Hopkuv . Houvll, Hunt min, 'nuer-oll, Janes, Jarvi-,
John \V Jones-, L'vvvler, Lawrence, La>,Lu^e Lea. Lnvi-,
h neoln, TJov . Lovall, Lu^i-, Lvon, M^innins, Sinip on
Mi on, M u j. McCa t>, McComas MeKav, MrKmnim,
Mercer, Milhsan, Morns Patron, Pettigr* w, Pevton, Rctd,
Bencher, Hob rt on, Roger , Kii «ell, ¡JcheiieR, Aun tine
II. Sh pperd, Slade, Spangler, Stindefer, Steele, Storer,
Taliafeno, Width Thoiup-on, Und nvood, Vmton, VVib
ster, White. Whittlesey, Levviá Williams, Slierrod Wd-
hams, and Wise—130.
And so it was resolved that David Newland is
not entitled to a seat in this House.
A motion was then made by Mr. PATTON,
that the House come to the following rt solution,
viz:
Resoieed, That the election held in North Cnrolin-iiu last
\wxu t, for a Ittpre-entative ot the twellth con? e= lO'ial
dt trict of that State in the Hou^e of Kapre-entauvei. ot the
Ciiiti d States, b^ set a ide. and the -eat oi" such Keprc-enta
uv e is hrtreb\ declin d vacant; and that the Speaker of this
Hou-,e inform the Governor ot North Carolina of tbe fact
And on the question that the House do agree
to this resolution, it passed in the affirmative.
And then the House adjourned until to-morrow
at eleven o'clock, a. m.
j, . -,    -----_. __„„ Tlwinson
Tow.','?' I"r'i)J.' "^"«^rpotl, Wagener, Ward, Ward  til',
and Weeks—C9                                                                   ,
NAYS—Messrs. Adoras, Chilton ABan, H man AHen '
A.hlev ,Bailej. Beale, Bill. Bond, Borden, Bouldin. Bnewi
Bunch, John Calhoun, Willi un B Cilhoon, CampbJI,Car
ter, G„org'Clnmh>r-, John Chamber-,, qhapman, Chdd~
Nathaniel H Claiborne, Clark, Connor, Convm. ('ran?
Custunsr, Uarluizfon, D"bcrrv, Dennv.nvan . Tvercn. For-
ester, Pudo C. rulIer.EcuG"arlaiid,(;ranger,Grave«,Gra}
«on, Grenncll, Grifiin, Hilaud Hall, Hanncgan, Hard, Har
20
IN SENATE.
Wednesbat, March 30, 1636.
Mr. EWLVG, of Ohio, presented a communi-
cation from the Executive of Ohio, transmitting
a report of the Medical Convention of Ohio on
tbe subject of medical hospitals; also a resolution
of the Legislature of that Sta'e, disapproving of
the construction of a harbor at Black Rock; also,
a resolution of the same Legislature m favor of
the completion of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road, also, a memorial of the same Legislature,
stating the advantages that would it suit from
placing the public moneys, to be exptndi d in in-
ternal improvements in that State, under the can1
of the Eoard of Public WorKs lat ly tstabhshed
bv thenvalso, a memorial frjmsundiy cit.zeiis of
Ohio  remonstrating agaipst the change in the
location of the Cumbeiland road: all of which
weie appropriately referred.
Mr. WALKER preseiitol the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Miss s&ippi, praying
the establishment of a mail routi from Mimihis,
in Tennessie, to Jackson in Mississippi, which
was r< ft rr< d to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
I Mr. GRUNDY presented the memorial of sun-
dry clerks in the Executive Departments, piaying
for the increase of their salaries; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TOML1NSON presented the memorial of
the Hospital Socieiy of the State of Connecticut,
praying the aid of Congress; winch was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
REP >RTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Comnnttee on
Roads and Canals, to which the same h;J been
rtferred, reported, without amendment, the bill
authorizing the opening of a railroad m I'louda.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post OiSce and Post Roads, reported with amend-
ment the bill to authonze contracts for carrying
the mails and public property on railroads: and
the amendments, without reading, were ordered
to be ppnted.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred the petition
of William Ft.ttyplact, and others, reported un-
favoiably then on; and the commute ehavmg been
discharged from the further considera'ion of the
petition, it wasieferred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which the subject had betn referred
by a resolution uf the Senate, reportt d a bill to
prohibit the withholding of pensions from pen-
sioners of the Umttd States, in pursuance of the
act of 25th of Jaiuaiy, 1805, to pr< vent defalca-
tions in the pnbli: age nis. The bill was read and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. T. (from the same committee) repqrted
unfavorably on the petition of Moses Hoytvand
leave w..s given to the petitioner to withdraw las
petition and papers.
Mr NAÜDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the íelief of Don Curios
de Hauk de Lassus; which was read and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to cause the
Mint of the United States to be better supplied
with bullion for coining.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported, with amendments, the bill
from the House 'o give effect to the convention
with Spam.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Resohtd, That the Secretary of War be requited to send
to the Senate the report ma le to the topogniphicil bureau
by the United Siate  geologi t.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following res-
olution; which lies on the table one day:
Resohtd, Tint the Secretary of War be requested to
furni h the Sen-ue with an e tímate of the eipan-e that
would be necessarily incurred in holding a treaty with the
Chippewa Indians in Michigan, for the purchase ot" the
re ervation-. mide by the s-ecoud article ot the Ireaty of
Sdzmaw, of the 24th September, 1819
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Resohed, That the S-cretarv o theTrei urylwin-tructed
to communicate to the Senate the amount ot lnonev col-
lected and eirt i d d for the relict of sick and Hi abled sea-
men, under the law  pa sed tor that purpose, designating,
as tar as p i-sible. t le amount collected and expendí d in
each port of the Unifd States, and the amou if paid, if
any, by the en'torn hou e officers on tbe Mi,-i Mppi and
O.uo rivers to ihe collecior at New Orleans.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were considered and agrenT to-
Rtfi're', That the Committee on Boads and fcinit- be
instructed lo inquire into the otp 'di nev 0 ridunlig the
p ice of sucn lands as may renuio un old, g antm! to the
-titi ol Alabiuufot tbe improvement of Uie navig-uiou ot
the'Tenne-.ée river
Rcj ie', Taat tie Comiutfe on Roiís and Cm !-- be
in tniptcd to inquire Into the expediency o I itrhilu*nig a
bill granting to the State o' AHbaiuaan athlitioiial quantity
o la id, or a . urn of money id quite to ¿le comal Hon ot
tlie canil now in p mre-s. d^-igii d (q r"mov the ob truc-
tion  o the i.avisvioii of tlie Tennessee nv r interno edby
the Mu ele Shoal-,
Kc^iicJ, Tnat the Seeretarv of the War D9partBi"nt bo
instruct d to communtcitp toth Senaf th ' r po.t o' Col-
onel Kea-nej. I'mfd State- engineer, mid lointD nart-
ment a ter hi> PTim.iia'ion of th" ' tid ci ni h n 11 p og
re-s. relative to the p-udeiit a id judii ioiis eipenditure of
the uiuds appropriated or said work.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. WALKER gave no^ce that he ivou'd, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce the following
bills:
A bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands in favor only of actual s •ttiors: to
establish a general and standing preemption law;
to provide lor the sale and entry of all the pubkc
lands in forty-acre lots, and to equalize the. grants
of public lands among the new States m wiiick
the public lands are situated;
Also, a bill to provide a preemption to a quarter-
section to every actual settler on the public lands
at any time before the 1st of January, 18rG;
Also, a bill to provide for claims under former
preemption laws.
B1IIS PASSED-
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed:
The bill providing for the opening of a military
road from Fort Leavenworth, on the right bank
oflthe Mississippi, to some point on the Missis-
sippi above the State of Missouri;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth  Robinson
daughter and only surviving luir of Lieutenant
Richard Wild, of the  revolutionary army,'de-
ceased ;
The bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons;
The bill for the relief of Matfl* Puadlej
