306
THE CONPHESSIQNAE, !GUPFE
The bill for the relief of the íeüll  repinen'
atnes of the late Theodore W. Morns   and
The b 11 to purchase tue r ght to um , m the
\rnn «id V u \ hos mats,, th< nn n 10 ot D >v d
Rtnl), for tin application of uspn tbl v ii> u to
the human body
NORTHERV BOL'VD \RY OF OHIO.
The Senate then resumed, as the unfinished
business, the bill to establish the northern bound-
ary line of Ohio, and to provide for the admission
of Michigan into the Union; and after a debate,
in which Messrs. TIPTON, BUCH\N\N,
EWING of Ohio, BENTON, NILES, PREN-
TISS, and WRIGHT, participated,
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the Senate ad-
journed._____________________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 30, 183G.
Some conversation took place betw een Messrs,
PEYTON, BRIGGS, MERCER, EVERETT,
BELL/THOMAS, SPEIGHT, and the CHAIR,
in "-efeience to alleged inaccuracies in the Joui-
nal, and particularly in reference to the call to
order by Mi   Ripley, of Louis'ana
Mr PEYTON (who was called to older by
Mr. Ripley yesterday) objected to the terms in
which the transaction was entered upon the Jour-
nal. Itappeanng, however, that the motion made
by Mi Ripley was in wilting, that it had been
read at the time, and the point of order was de-
cided under it, and it being also stated that the
Clerk, in making up the Journal, had copied the
motion of Mr R retbatim, Mr Pfyton obtained
the consent of the House to enter upon the Jour
nal a protest or explanatory statement o  tae
subject.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs, BOON, EVANS, LAWLER,
CARR, BOND, KENNON, REYNOLDS of
Illinois, and JOHNSON of Tennessee
[Mr Carr presented the petitioa of Tobias
Cruise, which, upon his motion, was retened to
the Committee on Puvate Land Claims.
Mr. Bond presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of Portsmouth, in the State of Ohio,
praying Congress to make the navigation of the
Ohio river wholly free by the puichas  of the
individual stock in the Louisville and Portland
Canal Company, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. Reynolds, of Illinois, presented the peti-
tion of Mrs. Isabella Hill. This petition states
that her husband, Samuel Hill, purchased a cer-
tain tiact of land in the State of Illinois, of the
United States; that said land was patented to the
«aid Hill; but, by the decision of the supreme
couit of the State of Ilhnois, said land was de-
cided to be vested in another person, and not to
appertain to the United States at the time Hill
entered it. The petitioner pi ays relief for the
land sold when the Government had no title to
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Adams; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of J ohn
and Samuel Rough, heirs and legal representa-
tives of Ludwick Rough, deceased, which was
twice read and committed.
DAVID NEWLAND.
Mr. HAWKINS, on leave., introduced a res-
olution directing the Clerk to pay Mr. David
Newland the usual per diem and mileage allowed
to a member of Congress, from the day he pre-
sented his petition for a seat in the House to the
29th instant, inclusive.
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the resolu-
tion by directing the Committee of Elections to
inquire into the expediency of prying Mr NéV-
land,as aforesaid; which was agreed to—ayes
80, noes 63.
The resolution, as amended, was then agread
to.
COURTS IN MAINE.
Mr. THOMAS, from ths Committee on the
Judiciary, re jorted a bill to change the tune and
place of holding ei rtain courts m the State of
Maine , vvliu h \\ab lead twice and co nmittc d
DISTRICT OT COU MBI V.
Mr W P,. SIIEPARD, fiom the Committee
for the Distnct ot Columbia, reported a resolution
settins: apart Wednesday and Thuisday, the 27th
and 28th days of Apnl, for the exclusive consid-
eration of bills i elating to the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. CAMBRELENG adverted to the impro-
priety of setting apart days which might be re-
quired for the consideration of public business,
and moved to amend by substituting the labt Fri-
day and Satuiday in Apul.
Mr. WHITTLESE\ objected to the amend-
ment, because of tht large number of pi ivate bills,
which could only be consideied on Fudav s and
Saturdavs.
Mr B HIGGS mov ed to set apart Thursday and
Fuday, the 28th and 29th of Apnl; which was
lost without a count
Mr PARKER moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr W. B. SHEPARD asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion, which were not ordered
The resolution was then laid on the table—
ayes 70, noes 54.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT NEWPORT.
Mi PEARCE, of Rhode Island, fiom the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill making an
appropriation for the erection of a marine hospital
in the town of Newport, in the State of Rhode
Island, which Was lead twice and committed
CAPTAIN NATHAN HALE.
I      The joint resolution for the erection of a mon-
ument to the memory of Captam Nathan Hale,
was taken up
Mr. PE\RCE,of Rhode Island, remarked that
the gentleman who had the peculiar charge of this
resolution, [Mr. Judson,] was absent from indis-
position. He therefore moved to postpone the
subject until Wednesday next, (having first ascer-
tained that it would not lose its place in the order
of business.)
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT.
Mr DROMGOOLE, from the select commit-
tee íaised on so much of the President's annual
message on that subject, reported joint resolutions
proposing amendments to the Constitution, in
reference to the mode of electing a President and
Vice I residí nt.
Mr. D. had reported the resolutions as the or-
gan of the committee, and differing as he did
with the majority, he should move, at the proper
time, a substitute for the proposition of the com-
mittee. He would further state, that the commit-
tee had not deemed it necessary to submit any
argument to the House on the subject, which had
been referred to it.
The joint resolutions were J( ad twice, when
Mr DROMGOOLE moved that they be refer-
red, together with his substitute, to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, stating
his intention to follow up that motion by propos-
ing to make the subject the special Older for a
particular day.
Mr. BELL suggested that as it was the object of
the gentleman to discuss and d( cide this question
at the present session, he ought not to send it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but permit it to be considered in the morn-
ing hour of each day The various important
bills which were before that committee, would
probably not afford an opportunity of discussing
this measure during the session. He would no°t
make the motion, but merely throw out asugges-
tion for the consideration of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. DROMGOOLE had made the motion,
which was usual and proper upon- such an im-
portant measure. It was a question which pecu-
liarly belonged to that committee He had no
desire to get up a discussion. He was in favor
of an amondnv nt of the Constitution. The bills
alluded to by the gentleman fiom Tennessee, he
I hoped, would be disposed of m time to allow this
--^    ;r_^.- _ %_J___s------—.
=*=*
March 30,
' subject to be examined in the Committee of the
Whole. He then fore could not vary his motion.
Mr. BELL again advci ted to tin state of the
business befoie the Committee ot the Whole on
the state ot the Union, as a n ason for not send-
ing these resolutions to that commut e. He
would be happy, if circumstance s would permit,
that this subject should be discussed m committee,
where alone it could be fully and fiecly debatid.
There would, perhaps, be no advantage gained
by deciding the question at the present s ssion;
but something would be gained by its discussion,
and bunging the subject before the country, so
that they might come there, at the next session
prepared to decide it. If gentleman were not pre-
pared to goon with the discussion now, he would
propose to postpone the BUbjcct for two weeks
Mr. SPEIGHT was not hostile to a proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution, in this particular.
He had been twice upon committees vho had
brought the subject before the House; and he
would gladly cooperate in any amendment which
would remedy existing evils He would suggest
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
that it would be impossible to give this subject a
, partial or any thing like a thorough examination
' during the morning hour, nearly the whole of
which was devoted to receiving íepoits fiom
standing committees. If the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee prevaili d, the íegolu-
tions would sleep out the session on the Speaker's
table. He was in favor of marching up and de-
ciding the question, and that some early day
should be fixed for its consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BELL reminded the gentleman from North
Caiolma, [Mr Speight,] that there weie two
hours in the morning instead of one, w Inch might
be devoted to this resolution. B sides, he could
see no necessity for a protracted discussion on
this subject. It had been ten jears before the
people, and been much discussed in Congiass and
by the public press.
Mr. SPEIGHT said,there was but one hour of
the morning for the consideration of reports from
committees. He had no objection to the post-
ponement as proposed, and when it came up, it
could go to the Committee of the Whole. He
was prepared at that moment to decide upon this
question. He was in favor of electing thePiesi-
dent for one term, and of providing agairst the
possibility of an election in the House of Repre-
sentatives. He would favor a provision for one
term of seven years, or even four years. He pre-
ferred seven, but would take six, five, or four
years, as the term which the Picsident should
serve. He was in favor of entering upon thio in-
vestigation as early as possible.
Mr. HAWES was in favor of an amendment
of the Constitution on this subject; but he could
not consent that the mo* rung houi should be
taken up in its discussion. He had offered a íes-
olution on the subject of the West Point Acade-
my, which he deemed of much impoitance, and
he could not vote to give a precedence to other
matters, while his resolution remained unacted
on. He would vote to consider the present sub-
ject at an early day; but he could not consent to
have it taken up dufmg the morning hour.
Aftei some conversation betweenMcssrs.DR.OM-
GOOLE, BELL, and the CHAIR, as to the posi-
tion of the resolutions, during the morning hour,
if they should not be committed, the motion to
postpone was negatived without a count, and the
whole subject was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE further moved that the
subject be made the special order for the first
Tuesday in May. There seemed to be a dispo-
sition (said Mi. D.) to economize time; and he
hoped that the important measures to which ref-
erence has been made, would be disposed of be-
fore the day he had named, and that an oppor-
tunity would yet be afforded during the present
session for a full, free, and untrammeled discus-
sion of the subject which he had reported to the
House.
Mr, CAMBRELENG desired to thiow no ob-
stacle u  the way of the subject bofo/e the House.
But it was true, as had been remarked by the
gentlrma.i from Tennessee, that there were other
