Wjfo M
TltfE  ÍJQÍ^GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
important measures besides the appropriation
bills, which the House might feel disposed to act
upo.i during the session in preference to this'con-
stitutional amendment; and he hoped they would
make no other special orders until the one in ref-
erence to the appropriation bills was determined.
Mr. RIPLEY was a member of the select com-
mittee who n ported this proposition to the House.
He thought it ought to take precedence of all
other business. In this matter they act'd in the
chu'-acu r of a convention. They proposed to
make amendment to the constitutional compact;
and in a business connected with the social rela-
tions of the community, precedence should be
given over the ordinary acts of legislation.
The country liad demanded that some change
should be made in reference to the reéligibility,
length of term, and patronage of the Chief Ex-
ecutive. He trusted it wouFd be discussed, and
properly disposed of. It was due to the people
that this should be done, and it should not be
made to give place to an ordinary matter of mere
dollars and cents. He hoped, therefore, the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Droji-
goole] would prevail.
Mr. VINTON was opposed to making this
subject a special order. Nothing could be gained
by such a course. If the majority of the House
■was disposed to act ou the resolutions, it was in
their power, at all times, under the rules, to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and could there take up such measures as
Were deemed proper; and he was not prepared to
say, at that time, that it would be proper to take
up a particular subject on the second Monday in
May. He adverted to the time which was wasted
in consequence of an existing special order, and
the impropriety of placing the majority in the
hands of a minority, which resulted from such a
:ourse. He was opposed to any other special
Drdi rs. He was willing to take up this subject
ind act upon it; but he could not vote for a mo-
tion whereby he would be trammeled.
Mr. LAWLER. moved to amend the motion by
making the subject the special order for the sec-
ond Tuesday in April, instead of the first Tues-
day in May; which was negatived without a
:ount.
The motion of Mr. Dromgoole was also dis-
agreed to without a count.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A biH for the relief of John MeCarty;
A bill for therelief of the several corporate cities
afthe District of Columbia;
A bill to perfect claims to land in the State of
Missouri, and for other purposes; •
A bilí to authorize the location of the Leaven-
worth and Blbbmington railroad, and other works
of internal improvements in the State of Loui-
siana;
A bill to extend the time for issuing scrip cer- ',
tifkates on United States land warrants; and
A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to compromise the claim of the United States
on the Alleghany Bank of Pennsylvania.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF WISCONSIN.
The bill from the Senate establishing the ter-
ritorial government of Wisconsin was read twice
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. PATTON adverted to the importance and
, necessity for speedyaction upon the last bill, and
.gave notice of his intention to move the House ,
to go into committee upon it at an early day.
WAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
In pursuance of the special order of the 26th
January, the House then resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hamer in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
the naval service of the United States for the year
1936.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Bell to strike out the following item:
" For the improvement and necessary repairs of the navy-
yard at Port, mouth, New Ilimp hire, .$í¡7,000.''
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, who was enti-
tled to the floor, addressed the House at length.
He remarked that the motion immediately pend-
ing was in itself of very little importance; but
some of the most vital and fundamental princi-
ples had been opened in it; all the measures of
the Administration now in power had been
brought into review, questions of constitutional
power, the whole system of our fortificad ns,the
subject of an increase of the Navy, and the ap-
proaching presidential election. " He premise d
that he differed with the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Bisi.l] that this was the fit occasion to
discuss all these questions, the subject of the
presidential election in particular. They were
a legislative body, who should look to the end
to be accomplished through the Constitution,
apart from political considerations only. The
latter subject was one of too exciting a character
to be discussed in that body with that calmness
and grave deliberation which became a body
clothed only with legislative powers. He should
confine himself principally in reply to the three
gentlemen who had preceded him, [Messrs.
Thompson, of South Carolina, Evaks, and Bell,]
divested of all party feeling and prejudice.
Air. G. then proceeded to reply to Mr. Thomp-
son-, who had gone into a series of calculations
by figures to prove an inequality of expenditure
for public objects by the Government, and to
prove that the appropriations in the present bill
were a continuation of that system, without ar-
riving at any definite result. The gentleman had
so arranged Virginia, by corrmencingatthe Capes,
that it was difficult to s.iy whether he considered
her a northern or a southern State; he would only
remark that she had always been considered a
southern State; but Mr. G. was willing to leave
her as she was—Virginia.
With regard to Pensacola, the charge of neglect
was not made with justice upon the Treasury
Department;   for the  Secretary's   recommenda-
tions for the present year reached the amount of
$350,000.    It should also be borne in mind that,
when our system of fortifications first commenced,
neither Florida nor Louisiana belonged to  us.
Mr. G. then referred to the tabular sta'ements
cited by Messrs. Thompson and Evans,and tested
them by others he had  himself prepared.    He
contended that the greater outlays in the North
had arisen from a variety of circumstances, its
, geographical position, its defenseless or exposed
condition, the  more dense  population, and  its
having been the center of trade and commerce.
He denied that there had been any principle' of
inequality of expenditure, and  adverted to the i
operation of these various  circumstances as an -
' argument in illustration of the expediency and
' absolute necessity of the public works that had
been  erected and maintained there.    The  gen-
tleman from   South Carolina [Mr.  Thompson]
1 had stated, as an argument, that the heads of De-
1 partments were almost invariably selected from
' the North.    He regretted to hear such an argu-
; ment, brought forward with such eloquence, for
' it was calculated only to excite sectional feelings
and jealousies.    But the gentleman was mistaken. '
He had omitted to mention the fact, that the chief
of the executive department, the President, was
a southern man, the Secretary of State was also
a southern man, and the Secretary of War was
from the West.                                                           j
Mr. G. said the system of naval policy of Eng-
land bore no application to ours, from the different
situation of the two countries.   She was isolated, !
surrounded, and exposed on every quarter, it was
true,  but she   was small  in  comparison;  yet, !'
although having only two navy-yards, either one \\
of them was more extensive than all ours put;
together.    Let him ask, what would have been '
our condition in the last war, with only two naval
stations, one of which  was  destroyed   by the ;
enemy?    It was impossible to rely upon the de- '
fense of no more than two or three navy-yards.
Prom  the  character of the institutions of the
; country, the Navy and fortifications were our only ■'
means of defense; for we had, and could have, no
| standing army    What would have been the prob-
, able result of the battle of New Orleans, but for
, the fortifications, brave and chivalric, and devoted
, as the western militia were, if we had had to meet
(a victorious and disciplined army in  the open
, field—an army which bad been victorious against ¡ J
! the eagles of France ?   Mr. G. then entered into i!
a review of the policy and system of dofen&e pro-
posed, and to a certain extent carried out by the
administrations of Mr. Jefferson, Mr, Madison,
Mr. Monroe, Mr. Adams, and the present, and
referred to a variety of documentary testimony
, to show that the p.-esent system was the same,
and had been kept up syice the days of General
Washington,and that the piesent Administration
had in no way departed therefrom. Iflhce had
been any neglect of the public defenses, he pledged
himself to prove that the fault lay not with the
executive department of the Government, but
was chargeable to that House.
Mr. G. then replied to that part of Mr. Bell's
remarks in which he brought the charge of incon-
sistency upon the President's special message in
relation to France, which recommended the coun-
try to be always prepared for war,' in the spirit
of the injunction of General Washington, " in
peace prepare for war." This was the very time
to adopt that principle nnd carry it out. Wé were
at peace arid amity with all the world; free from
debt, with an abundant and overflowingTreasury,
and past experience had taught us, that our mari-
time frontiers were defenseless. All this was
generally admitted, and should they stop and
discuss a nv.'i-e question of amount in dollars and
cents? The people expected it; they said the
money had been collected for that very purpose;
and now was the hour. He would not pledge
himself to vote for every measure that might be
brought forward; but he was disposed to extend
the system as far as it could be expediently
carried. There were points enough, and he need
only mention New Orleans, Pensacola, Charles-
ton, Savannah, Norfolk, Baltimore, which offered
good stations. He was in favor of keeping up
the naval station at Portsmouth, as indispensable
in case of an attack made upon the Canadian
frontier.
Mr. G. then replied to the remarks of Mr.
Allan, of Kentucky, of Monday last, in support
of the proposition of the Kentucky Legislature
to provide for the distribution of the, proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, and reviewed the
constitutional point involved in the argument, at
sime length. He referred to a table exhibiting
the inequality of the distribution by the principle
proposed.
This scheme of oc;ual distribution, as it was call-
ed, lessened the State of Virginia about $440,000;
a State which had, originally, in her unexampled
generosity, bestowed the whole of it upon ihe
country. It was also calculated to.'destroy the
rights of the States, and lay the deepest blow to
the liberties we derived under the great ¡compro-
mise of the Constitution, He also took a review
of the proposition to d.stribute tin: surplus rev-
enue, the tendency of which was the same, and
if carried out, would utterly subvert the rights of
the States. Pie adverted to the many schemes
for changing the Constitution of the United States,
and warned the country never to touch that in-
strument for light or temporary purposes. Mr.
G. vindicated the Administration from one of the
charges brought against it by Mr. Bell, that inore
money had been expended in works of internal
improvements than in any former one. This
arose from the works having been commenced in
former administrations. This was paricularly
the case with the Cumberland road. In relation
to_roads and canals, they had been constructed
principally in the Territories; and it would be
difficult to find any one work, of-a purely local
character, constructed in one of the States during
the administration of General Jackson. In rela-
tion to harbors, Mr. G. thought them to be a
legitimate object of improvement in the Federal
Government.
Mr. WISE remarked that the internal improve-
ment principle had always' been considered as
more mvplved in the annual appropriation of
^30,000 for surveys than in any other work; and
the President had. uniformly sanctioned those ap-
propriations for surveys.
Mr. GARLAND replied that th^geriera) speci-
fication of the term suiveys did not necessarily
imply that the money was expended for works ©f
internal improvement, or projects of internal im-
provements within the limits of the States. It
might contemplate the Tcrritories^or the p.strict
of Columbia, or .otilar legituaa¿2 objects.   H,e
