308
THE £OfWHÉSm€*fM3 &ÍMM.
Mártir 91,
would confidently ask, had the President of the
United S'ates ni'idc an unconstitutional a r>!ica-
1,011 of tins  30.000> He believed it had always
been kept wthin th-- princinKs of the veto m s-
sagv on the Mavsville road bill. But even sup-
po^in" it had not, what proportion did the pitiful
sum of $30,000 bear to the whole expenditures
for objects of internal improvement, •¡4180,000 in
six years? After some further remarks, Mr. G.
gave wav to
Mr. BOULDIN, on whose motion the commit-
tee rose.
On motion by Mr. HAMER, the House ad-
journed.       _____________________
IX SENATE.
Thursday, .March 31, 1836.
Messrs. MORRIS and EWING.of Ohio, pre-
sented sundry petitions from Ohio, on the subject
of the change of the location of the Cumberland
road; which were referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. MORRIS, after presenting the petitions on
the subject of the Cumberland road, said, I have
another petition to present, which 1 shall ask to
lay on the table, and move that it be printed. It
is a preamble and resolutions passed by the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Ohio, instructing
the Senators from that State to vote for expunging
from the Journals of this body the resolution
passed in March, 1834, condemnatory of the
President for the removal of the deposits from
the Bank of the United States. These resolutions
were passed by the Ohio Legislature early in Jan-
uarv last, and I received an official copy snm" time
during that month. I have thus long delayed
presenting them, in hopes they would reach your
table through another channel. On yesterday
morning I received a number of other resolutions,
passed by the Legislature of our State. Copies
of a like kind tny honorable colleague seized the
first moment after the reading of the Journal to
present. I was highly gratified for his attention
and respect to our State; and not only for the
prompt manner, but the cheerfulness with which
he presented these resolutions; and I felt quite
sure that now the resolution of instruction from
Ohio would be also presented, and mvself relieved
from the performance of this duty. But, sir, I was
sadly disappointed. My honorable colleague did
not find it convenient for him to present them.
He no doubt has his reasons for not doing so.
Probably he has not received from the Governor
of the State a certified copy. If this be the case,
he is unquestionably excusable; but if a copy has ¡
reached him, and it is his wish to present it, I
will most cheerfully return the one I have, and
give him the opportunity of presenting to this
body the one in his possession at any lime he may
think proper.
It now becomes my duty, a duty I owe to the
State and the country, to present them. I take
this occasion to say, and I have no doubt of the
fact, that these resolutions express the sentiments
of a vast majority of the people of Ohio. I ven-
ture this opinion without fear of a successful con-
tradiction; for it will be remembered that during
the session of Congress which has so appro-
priately received the name of the panic session,
resolutions were passed by the Ohio Legislature,
instructing their Senators in Congress to aid in
sustaining the President in the removal of the
public money from the Bank of the United States,
and to oppose a recharter of that institution. We
were then told with great confidence, that the Gen-
eral Assembly had altogether mistaken the opin-
ion and wishes of their own constituents; and
those upon whom resolutions of this kind were
designed to operate, took an appeal from the con-
stituent body to the people at large. And to influ-
ence the public judgment, the people were told
that should the deposites not be restored,and the
bank reehartered, a most deleterious effect upon
the trade, prosperity, and welfare of the country
would be the consequence; that, in fact, it would
make our " canals a solitude, and our lakes a
desert waste of waters." The long, loud, vehe-
ment, and repeated denunciations of the President
for his act in removing the deposites; the fjarful
forebodings so strongly and eloquently urged
oh this Hoot as fothe fatal issue of that act: all
' coming in aid of the means used by the hank in pro-
ducing distress in the country, touk some effect,
and operated for a moment on the public mind in
Ohio, it tlm w into each branch of the General
Assembly for that year a small majority opposed i
to the Administration: but even that General As-
sembly, elected as it was, under the full pressure
of bank power and panic speeches, had not the te-
merity to instruct the delegation in Congress from
Ohio, to vote either for a restoration of the depos-
ites or a recharter of the bank. They well knew
that such instructions would be a violation of the
public will; and they still, in appearance at least,
paid so much regard to that, that they did not at-
temnt it, but contented themselves with a bare re-
peal or rescinding of the resolutions passed on that
subject at the previous session. Ann thus, in order
to save themselves and friends, indirectly denied
the right of instruction by the Legislature of their ¡
Senators in Congress. The appeal to the people
was then perfected, and the issue thus madefairly
presented to the voters of Ohio, to be tried at the
election held in October last. And what has been
the verdict? A solemn decision that the right of
instruction exists in the Legislature, and that Sen-
ators are bound to obey. That verdict is re-
corded, and judgment pronounced in the resolu-
tions I now offer. But, sir, that judgment has
also been reviewed and reaffirmed, and is presented
here with a double force, not only as the opinion
of the last General Assembly, individually con-
sidered, but as required by1 the people of Ohio at
the hands of their Representatives (as the Gen-
eral Assembly has rightfully declared) in the
passage of those resolutions. It is hoped and
expected that this high and solemn mandate will
not be entirely disregarded, and the requirement
of the General Assembly altogether useless. The
obligation that a Senator is under to his own State,
and the duty he owes, are of too sacred a charac-
ter to be lightly dispensed with. Disobedience by
a Senator to the instructions and requirements of
1 his State as expressed by her Legislature, is a
deep and festering wound in the vital principios
! of our institutions, which, if not speedily cured,
will soon assume a fatal ulcer. It is, in the first
' place, a total abrogation of the doctrine that the
! legislative body is the true representation of State
' sovereignty. And it gives to" the Senator, for the
1 time being, all the attributes of despotism, the full
and free exercise of his own will and authority
without accountability. But, sir, could any one
for a "moment entertain such doctrine, and deny
to the Legislature the right ofiilstructing Senators
J of their States? Yet, in this case, the resolutions
offered have another and different support, little
inferior to the legislative body its<Tf,and probably
! more conclusive to the real sentiment of the peo-
' pie on this important subject. The convention
which met at Columbus, on the eighth of January
' last, composed of about five hundred members,
I  representing upwards of Sixty  counties, being
i nearly the whole number in the State,by a unan-
imous vote, passed a resolution in the following
words:
| " Resolved, That we regard tlw ti ht of instruction as
the bheet anchor, the main pillar of our freedom, and that
' we are determined never to -urrender it, hut to the last tu
I stand hy it. Convinced, as we thoroughly are, that it is only
by the frequent and rigid exercise of this invaluable priv-
¡lege that the democratic character of this Gov.irumeuican
be preserved, we believe the agent who disobej s to be nn-
j worthy the confidence  of his constituents, and  that he
II  ought te resign his seat."
It is true this convention Was composed of men
friendly to the present Administration; and as a
doubt no longer exists, that a rmjority of the-
•people of Ohio are of the same opinión, the'con-
' vention thus reaffirming the principles Of the res-
olutions passed by the General Assembly, must
' satisfy every man that Ohio requires her Senators
to vote as instructed by the Legislature.    But,
sir, this is not all.    We had another convention
1 —a grand Whig convention—held on the 22d of
February last; and they claim that a number of
1 returning prodigals had come into their ranks,
and the great ox, instead of the fatted calf, was
j killed, and they had much rejoicing.   And it is
' hardly necessary to say, that opposition to the
1 Administration was their watchword; and while
1 they boast of having far outnumbered the formr
' coiivention. they did not open their lips on the
i subject of the resolutions of instruction tmssed
! by the General Assembly. In the pride of their
strength, they were endeavoring to catch the pop-
ular gale, and well knew that opposition to these
resolutions would prove their ovirthrow. I have
before me a paper containing an account of their
proceedings, and I find no resolution on the sub-
ject of instruction, pro or ccn, to Senators here.
This silence is evidence of approval by our polit-
ical opponents in Ohio, or that they well Knew
that the people of that State strongly disapproved
of the condemnatory resolution passed by this
Senate. This exciting subject had occupied public
attention. Almost every man in Ohio had thought
and conversed on the question; and the Whig
convention, no doubt, would have used it to their
advantage, if in their power.
Under this highly responsible situation are we
called to act and vote; and the great question is,
shall we do our own will, or the will of that sov-
ereign power which sent us here? It is a hopeless
warfare to be contending against our States. It is
a kind of moral treason, for which, sooner or later,
we must expect to suffer the penalty. It is wisdom,
then, for us to make our submission at once; and
when we are called to vote on the resolutions,
offered by the Senator from Missouri, that we
vote in their favor. I have now strong hopes that
Ohio will be united in her vote here on this im-
portant question. Her Senators appear to pay
the highest respect to the resolutions of her Le-
gislature. I hope the one I now offer will not
form an exception to our general conduct. Can
we refuse our obedience on the ground that this
resolution requires an unconstitutional act ? We
ought to pause before we make this excuse, and
well distrust the correctness of our own opinion,
when it comes in contact with that of the opinion
of our Stfte,repeatedly,and, I may add, almost,
if not entirely, unanimously expressed, not only
of our own State, but of twelve States, while not
a single State has expressed a contrary opinion.
It is the opinion of the State, and not the individ-
ual agent, that ought to be known and felt here.
If the agent is unable, from conscientious motives,
to express that opinion, his path of day is plain
before him.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, in reply to Mr. Morris,
said the attack of his colleague was not the hasty
feeling of the moment, which he could always
excuse—it was a deliberate attack, drawn out on
paper; and the singularity of it struck him with
surprise. The appeal Ue -had made wits direct;
he made it on this floor; and the result was that
the majority was changed from twenty-six on
one side to fourteen on the oilier. The question
was taken directly on the instructions to compel a
member to violate his epnsckmce. H« was. will-
ing to discuss it alone, or with his oolleague,
before'the people; and in the result of .that dis-
cussion he was willing to abide. He never denied
the propriety of the Legislature sending to their
Senators their views; it was their duty to inform
tbem. He Would not deny 'the right to instruct,
but he did deny the right of the Legislature to
command obedience. Neither the Legislature
nor the Governor had the right or power of in-
struction- That power was not granted to either
in the constitution of Ohio; and the Letrislaiuse,
when they attempt to usurp that power, they
usurp the power retained by the people in their
constitution. He was willing to trust his polit-
ical destiny to the instructions of the people, and
to none other.
Mr. MORRIS, in rppty, said that he had not
the least expectation that he should be -called on
for any explanation, or be under the necessity
of making a reply to anything that should bo said
by his colleague by way of excuse et otherwise,
but he bad found himself mistaken, and the «lat-
ter which he had 'offered was overlooked to get
at the manner in which the act was done 5 and his
colleague appeared so much affected by it, that
he had entirely misunderstood or misrepresented
(no doubt unintentionally^ what he (Mr. M.)
had said, and his looking at a paper was made
cause of loud complaint.    He. would now en-
deavor to set his colleague right by sneaking ver-
bally. It was true (Mr. M. said) that he had
been a silent mernb( r in that body, almost en-
tirely; so that his friends here and elsewhere had,
in a good degtee, censured him; that Tie heard
many arguments wh'icli tie thought both weak and
