nib
THE cdNtfRtl^íÓML^ÉÓHÉr
March %i;
V,*\Trrj? CVLITOUN. rOP.TCR.CLA1,
-, ,' EWlÑG, M'. CALHOr.V nihdnw his
• s,"  n     ii   vid renew tl  the first - lo íef-r the
^    >'    -i,' i „• to the Commi.t.o on the Public
Lands.
Tli.squ stion  ivas taken by yeas and nays;
r.iid d> i.did .is fiV.hu*s:
\T. \-i_Mei-r-. Caluoun, Cliv, Clauon, Crittenden,
Tin". T'M g 01 Olí '. Kfi.t, Km  of Georgia, Knight,
L--*i! MrK~an. Minguin, VmJ.'in. Prentiss, Preston,
rn'"iñ«. Southard, Swift, ami Tomtm-on—19.
i, VYS—Me-«rs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ei.ii-o'lilmni , Grundy, Hendnck , lltll, HuMwd, King
e' Via!)mil, Lin i, Mo n , .Moor \ Who!a*, Nile-, Porter.
Riv). lio*  i on. Ri'*l«, Si"pley, Ta'.lniHd,{e, Tipton.
H alker. Whit •, and Wright—35.
The quesinn was then taken on the reference
to a s-leet committee as moved by Mr. Walker,
and earned in the affiimati'  .
XORTHERN BOCM) < KY OF OHIO.
The Senate tlien resumed the consideration of
the bill to esubl.sh the nortln rn boundary line of
O.iio, and for the admission of Michigan into the
Uiiion; and after an address of some length, in
opposition to the bill, from Mr. Southard, he,
Without concluding, gave way to
Mr. H£NL)R1C«.S, who submitted the fol-
low ing amendments; which were ordered to be
printed.
In -ectnn two, line eight, strike out "provided always,
ai.d t ii  adiui^ioii i- on tae express condition,*' and insert,
"-n soon is the ree male whit ■ citizen* n the United States
s'iall.re 'heirdilejifsin convention herea ter to be elected,
so modi) aud amend Uieir constitution."
Sec.ion three, -trike out the fir-t fourteen lines, and
insert: •■ Jlni feii further cnaet&i. That the oregomg con
dilion h^ing id pood tiuth complied Willi, and being reported
1  me oonv nnon to the Congress ot tae Tinted States
thereupon, and without anv further proceeding, and lm-
medu'eiv a ter th" *aul constitution -hall he modified
according to the provi ion  of thu act, the said State of
Jlurliujn may and shall proceed to appoint, in -uch manner
as th^Legi-Utiire tberco,' may direct, the numb -r of elec-
tors of President and Vice President oi the United State*,
to wUiei  the eaid State is entitled."'
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
THrRSDAT, March 31, 1836.
Petitions and papers were presented, on leave,
by Messrs. K1NNARD, WISE, INGERSOLL,
ETANS, and THOMAS.
[Mr. Kixnard obtained the consent of the
House to present the following petitions: The
petition of David Whitestdes, claiming compen-
sation for mail transporto lion; referred to the
Comm.ttee on Claims. The petition of Richard
Doughty, to be placed on the invalid pension roll.
The petition of sundry cit zens of Miami county,
Indiana, for the establishment of a mail route
from Peiu to the watof justice of Fulton county.
The petition of Ezekiel Laswell, to be placed on
the revolutionary pension roll. On motion by
Mr. K-ixNARD, the pt tition of Dr. David H. Max-
well, claiming compensation as a surgeon in the
late war, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.]
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it was
B.esolvaf, That the Committee on Indian Affurs be in-
struct ! to inquire inte üie eipcdiency ot making an appro-
priation tor holding treaties with certain tribe-of Indians
tending in the vicinity of Green Bay, Brown countj, with
MVnc m CmW ord eonnty,«iid tho e on the re-erve in Des
Momc county, who have, or may esptess a willininejf, to
cédela..ds to the Uuited State ,andlortlie removal of üio e
Indian"!.
On motion by Mr. SPEI3HT,it was
/teroírerf, ThaKhe Commit ee on the Post Office and Po«t
Roads-Ua instructed to inquire into the expediency ot e tah-
1i hmg the rollou ing po t routes, viz from New hern to the
liou e or James, Eiggs, on Bay river, in the county ot Craven;
from Beaiiturt to Portsmouth, and thence to Oeiacock;from
Kurston, by Iiookerton, to Snowhill.
On motion by Mr. SPEIGHT, it was
Rnthat, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
■to inquire into the expediency af erecting a marine hospital
at Ecacon Island, North Carolina.
' Mr. HA WES made an ineffectual effort to take
up hiáresolution on the subject of the West Point
Academy.
REPORT* FROM C9JÍIM1TTEES.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Land-, reported a bill to authorize the Illinois
Central railroad company to locate and construct
a railroad through the public lands, and for other
purposes? which was read twice and committedi
M-. .T.VRVIS moved to suspend the rules! one
hour, for the purpose of presenting petitions;
which was negatived—ayes 89, noes 47: two thirds
being n q'ii-s'te.
Mr. BOON", from the Committee on the Public
Ltnds, reported, without amendment,Senate bill
No. 66, entitled " An act to authorize the location
of the Leavenworth and Dloomington railroad,
and other works of internal improvement in the
State of Indiana, through the public land"!; and
the same was committed to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Committee on
Private Ltnd Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Charles A. Gridner; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Military Affairs; and Mr. UNDERWOOD,
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
made unfavorable reports upon various petitions;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
DAVID NEWLAND.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported a resolution directing the Clerk
of the House to pay to David Newland, out of
the contineent fund, the same compensation for
mileage and per diem as is paid to a member of
Congress, from the time he presented his petition
for a seat in the House to the 29th inBtant, inclu-
sive.
Mr. GRIFFIN was opposed to the resolution,
and asked for the yeas and nays on its adoption;
which were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD opposed the adoption of
the resolution.    He voted for the reference of the
subject, in the hope that the committer would re-
port to the House some precedent, if any existed,
which would authorize the appropriation.    The
committee  had  reported  no  precedent,  and he
would inquire upon what principle this proposi-
tion could be sustained' The public money could
only be paid to those who rendered some service.
What service (he inquired) had  the petitioner
rendered the country to entitle him to remunera-
tion ?    He objected to the establishment of a rule
, that in contested elections both parties should be
paid ; and if such a precedent should be made
1 they would have an increased number of these
contests hereafter.    If a party fails in contesting
the election, he would be satisfied with his pay.
It would be very convenient for gentlemen under
such   circumstances  to  visit  Washington,  and
spend a few months pleasantly with friends.    If
Mr. Newland had obtained the seat, there would
have been some propriety in paying him; because
he had done no wrong, and was legally entitled
' to it.    But in this case, as well as other cases
I which might come up, he could not vote for pay-
ing a defeated applicant for a seat in that body.
If the petitioner was paid, they ought to pay tfie
| magistrates and witnesses, and he could see no
I good reason for making an exception in favor of
I the former.
' Mr. HAWKINS said it was true, as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky had remarked, that the
committee had reported no precedents on the sub-
ject. For himself, (Mr. H. said,) he had no pre-
cedent but his conscience, which dictated to him
i that it was clearly fight to pay Mr. Newland,
¡ as proposed; a stronger case haa never occurred.
, The House had declared by amajority of twenty-
i seven votes that the sitting member was not enti-
tled to his seat, and the change of a single vote
would have given the petitioner his seat on that
floor. If they established the principle that a
man, let his claims be ever so strong, should not
be paid, it would put it entirely out of the power
of a poor man to contest an election, although he
might be entitled to the seat, and the most fraud-
ulent means might be resorted to in order to pre-
vent his return. It was not every man who might
be preferred by the people as their Representative
who possessed a princely fortune. He was
opposed to a precedent which might operate so
unjustly.
Mr. HARDIN adverted to the case of Móore
and Letcher. He had voted to pay both gentle-
men, although the House declared that neither was
entitled to the seat. In answer to his colleague,
[Mr. Underwood,] that by adopting this propo-
sition it would induce contest df this Bort merely
to obtain the pay, &c.,hp would say, that he
would pay no person who did not come there in
a bona Jich manner to contest an election; and
the case of Moore and Letcher, and the present
one, taken in connection with the action of the
Houst , (which he recited,) showed plausible
grounds for contesting the seats; and he would
vote to pay in both cases.
The person contesting an election was not acting
for himself alone, but on behalf of his constitu-
ents; and he agreed with the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. HawKini] that, if they should de-
termine not to paya defeated applicant for a seat
on that floor under any circumstances, it would
prevent a poor man from contending for his rights
and the rishts of the people of his district. In
this case Mr. Graham had been paid, and he was
glad of it; and he was in favor of paying Mr.
Newland. As to this being a mere pleasure excur-
sion on the part of the latter, it could not be so
considered when it was recollected that he had
been, for months before coming here, traveling
over the Buncombe district, which was two hun-
dred miles long and one hundred in breadth, and
in which was a spur of the Alleghany mountains,
taking depositions; and, under the circumstances,
he was the last man who, Mr. H. would be
inclined to believe, was on a mere trip of pleasure.
1 Mr. VINTON had no objection to this propo-
sition so far as the amount of money was con-
cerned, but the precedent was an important one.
Frequent contests of a similar character had taken
place in that House, but in no instance had the
defeated member been paid. He thought they
ought to pause, at least, and look into the conse-
quences which might result from the adoption of
tlie resolution. Mr. V. proceeded at some length
to oppose the resolution as setting a precedent
which might lead to great abuse, embarrass the
business of the House by inviting applications
for seats, which would lead to unnecessary ex-
penditures of money and waste of the time of the
House.
Mr. GILLET said, the House had agreed to
an amendment of a bill from the Senate, to pay
Mr. Potter, of Rhode Island, which was very
similar to the present case. Mr. Potter had come
to the Senate, contesting the seat of Mr. Robbins,
and after he was decided against he was paid by
the vote of the members who were politically op-
Sosed to him. He- hoped the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] would not say that
' that case was not a precedent.    That question
' came into the House, and it was decided that he
should be paid, by a strong vote; and among
those who had voted to pay him was the name
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] so
he considered the House had established a prece-
dent for paying Mr. Newland. The Senate had
paid Mr. Potter because he came before them with
a plausible claim to his seat; so it was with Mr.
Newland; he had eome before the House with
what he thought to be a constitutional majority
of the people of his district, and the evidence
which he brought forward, Mr. G. considered
just as good as the evidence of a legislative body.
He would also call the attention of the gentleman
from Kentucky to the case of Moore and Letcher,
in the last Congress. After they had discussed
the subject for months, they came té the conclu-
sion that Mr. Letcher was not entitled to the
seat, and they resolved to send both the parties
I back to the people. A proposition was brought
forward to pay Mr. Letcher, and his friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] moved ft clause to pay
Mr. Moore also. The previous question, how-
ever, was demanded and sustained, which cut off
the amendment proposing to pay Mr. Moore.
The yeas and nays were ordered on that question;
and it was true that the name of the gentleman
from Ohio was not among the yeas, bat the name
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Griffin,] who objected to this resolution, was t*
be found voting to pay Mr. LeUSher under pre-
cisely similar «íreumstancés to the present.   Al-
, most the entire opposition in the last Congress
were found voting the  same way.    Now, he
1 would ask gentlemen, who could refuse to pay
Mr. Newland who had voted to pay Mr. Letcher?
Mr. 6RIGGS said he recollected the vote lie
gave to pay Mr. Letcher, and he considered it a 
jueit  tdte as he «ver gave', but he would ask the
