188ft
H.
THE €ON(SRESgIONAt¡ GLOBB
311
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gillet,] if he
could find his own name on the list of yeas and
nays winch he had referred to ' He believed the
gentleman was in his seat when the yeas and
nays alluded to were called, and did not answei
to his name; at least the gentleman was if  the
Hall. Mr. B. voted to pay Mr, Letcher, and he
should vote to pay Mr. Newland. He hoped
justice would be done to Mr. Newland, as well
as to Letcher.
Mr. B. offered an amendment to the resolution
as follows:
"The seat of «iirt Graham having been -vacated upon
proceeding, had under the petition of David Newland "'
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said it was
well known to the House, that he had been in
favor of Mr Newland from the beginning of the
contest, and that he believed him entitled to the
seat, but the House had overruled his opinion,
and he submitted to their decision. He did not,
however, consider the case of Mr. Potter a pre-
cedent for paying Mr. Newland,and he could not,
therefore, entertaining the opinions he did,advo-
cate the piesent resolution. He would be glad
to see Mr. Newland compensated, if he could do
so consistently with what he considered his duty,
but he did consider, if they passed the present
resolution, it would be setting a precedent for the
payment of all the parties to contested elections
which might hereafter come before the House.
Mr. HAMER remarked, that they had dis-
cussed upon lesolution the cases of Robbins and
Potter, and Moore and Letcher—they had also
touched upon the winding up of the last session,
and the $3,000,000 appropriation, and he feared
they would next have some remarks about abo-
lition. Believing, however, that every gentleman
was prepared to vote upon this proposition, which
was one addressed to the sound discretion of the
House, he would move the previous question.
Mr EVANS moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, when the motion was negatived—
yeas 43, nays 131.
The question being on the second to the pre-
vious question,
Mr. PATTON called for the reading of the
following clauses of the law making appropri-
ations for the contingencies of the House, in
order to show that they had no right to adopt
the resolution:
" For stationery, fuel, printing, and all other incidental
and contingent eip^n-ea of 'he House of Representatives,
two hundred thousand dollar,
" The t-aiil two sums laot mentioned to be applied to the
payment Of the ordinary expenditures of the Senate and
House of Kepieseutatnes, severally, and to no other pur-
pose "
The reading was objected to.
The honr of one having arrived, the Chair
announced the special order.
Mr. HAWKINS moved to suspend the rule,
in order to dispose of the resolution which he
had reported from the Committee of Elections;
which was agreed to—ayes 105, noes 51.
i The previous question was then seconded—
ayes 89, noes 47.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
"for the yeas and nays on the previous question;
which were ordered; and we re—yeas 101, nays 74.
So the main question was ordered to be token;
and the resolution was adopted—yeas 124, nays
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
In pursuance of the special order of the 26th
January, on motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG,
the House then resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Hamer in the chair, ^ and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill making appropriations for the
naval service of the United States for the vear
1836.                                                                   '
The question pending was the motion by Mr.
Bell, to strike oat the folk)wing item:
" Forthe improvement and necessary repairs of the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $67,000."
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, resumed his re-
marks, and commenced by referring to the pro-
ceedings of Congress on the Dismal Swamp canal,
•for ah amendment to which Governor Tazewell
voted,«nd vindicated the course of the present
Administration, on the subject of ¡BternaliinpMve-
ment, from the charge of inconsistency. With
regard to the $30,000 annual appiopnation for
surveys, he lcmvrkcd that it originated under the
administration of Mi. Monioe, and wis fust
passed by a Republican Congie&s. He cited the
act in question, (30th of April, 1824,) and said
it would be found that every act since passed for
that appropriation set forth, that it was to " carry
into effect the plans and surveys directed by the
act of 30th of April, 1824." He referred also to
various other acts and documents connected with
works of internal improvement in support of the
argument, that the present Administration had
adhered to the principles of the Maysville road
veto.
He then repelled another charge made by Mr.
Bell against the Administration, of neglecting
points of national importance. He began With
Pensacola,and enumerated the estimates proposed
for the present year, which, altogether, for
wharves and hydraulic dock, and deepening the
bar there, amounted to upwards £500,000, instead
of $64,000, as stated by the gentleman from South
Caiolina, [Mr. Thompson.i
Mr. THOMPSON inquired fiom whence the
gentleman derived these statements5
Mr. GARLAND replied that he had procurf d
them from the executive document* presented to
the House and atthe Departments. H* then pro-
ceeded with regard to foitifications. He denied
that their dilapidated condition was to be ascubed
to the executive department. The fault was
with Congress, which had refused to appropriate
the necessary sums for repairs. During the war
a large number of fortifications were necessarily
constructed in great haste, and consequently of
unseasoned and bad materials. He then quoted
the amounts appropriated by Congress, which
would prove that the fault lay with them. In
1821 the estimates were $20,000; in 1822 #2J,000;
m 1823 $23,000, in 1826 .t ca.ne down to915,000;
for 1830,-'31,-'32, and '33, the War Department
estimated the necessary repairs at $15,000, and
Congress reduced it to ¿10,000. In 1834, pursu-
ant to the determination shown by Congress to
limit it to that sum, fllO^OO was reported, and in
1835 nothing was appropriated. Tue fault, then,
was With Congress. He then replied to another
charge brought by Mr. Bell against the Admin-
istration, that the provisions of war had been
neglected and suffered to diminish, viz: cannons,
| guns, balls, carnages, &c, citing reports of the
I War Department fiom 1830 downwards. The
Department could only use the means furnished
it by Congress; and it could not be denied that
the money had been expended in the most judi-
cious manner the service required.
With regaid to another charge, that the piesent
Administration had been more extravagant than
former Administrations, he replied by citing ex-
pendituies of foimer periods, and adduced the
following fact to show that the fault w is not with
the Executive. In the four years of 1831, 1832,
1833, and 1834, the appropriations by Congress
had exceeded the executive estimates by nearly
fouiteen million*of dolíais, viz- #13,8(51,128 98.
Then it should be borne in mind that the pension
list had been extended; that large sums had been
paid for Indian lands and reservations. The
Black Hawk war had cost a considerable amount
of money, and Congress had appropnated lartre
sums for harbois and for the Cumberland road;
all of which had swelled the expenditure of seve-
ral years past. These were extraordinary appro-
priations, for which the Executive was notcharge-
able; and, if taken away, he was prepared to
prove that the present Administration would bear
a comparison with any preceding one for econ-
omy. Mr. G. then proceeded to vindicate the
course of the Administration on the subject of
the currency and the press. He then adverted to
the charge, that an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States in relation to the election of
President and Vice President, had been presented
by the friends of the Administration. He denied
that they had evinced any disposition to evade it.
It was well known that the President had not
failed to recommend the subject to the attention
of Congress in all his annual messages, and the
proposition had been lost ia Congress, owing to
a vanety of circumstances. He referred to the
proceedings of the last session, on M-r. üilmek's
proposition, which was one of great length, and
involv ing too many important principles tocxpect
immediate or prompt action thereon. Mr. G.
w< nttlnough thf pioceedingson those resolutions
seriatim, fiom which it was seen that the oppo-
nents of the Administration voted against them
almost in a body. Why had the gentleman from
Tennessee himself suffered the subject to he over,
without his having participated m it, from the
year 1829 to the present time> Mr. G. held him-
self prepared to go into the subject at any time,
whenevei the public business would admit of it.
Mr. G. then referred to a series of statements
proving that the State deposit banks were able to
meet all their liabilities, and have asm plus of assets
of upwards of foi ty millions, and reviewed, at great
length, a variety of other important topics, the
disposition of the surplus revenue, the executive
pationage bill, the French question, &c. On the
latter, he vindicated the course of the Adminis-
tration, and the messages and recommendations
of the Piesident of the United States at length.
He also adverted to the Baltimore Convention, and
the principles of conventions and caucuses. The
foregoing sketch must be taken as nothing more
than a uieie icference to the heads of the topics
dwelt upon by Mr. G. His remarks will be given
in full as soon as they rati be prepared for the
press. At half-past four Mr. G. concluded, and
Mr. JAR VIS obtained the floor, on whose mo-
tion the committee rose.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
executive communications, which were appro-
pi lately referred; and then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril 1, 1836.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of John Powell; which
was read, and ordend to a second reading.
Mi. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which the memonal on the
subject had been referred, reporteda bill to author-
ize the company about to construct a railroad
fiom Mobile to Pascagoula, to locate their road
through t'ie public lands.
M . RIVES presented the petition of the heirs
of the late Major Swan, paymaster general of
the United States Aimy; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The resolutions lying on the table, submitted
by Messrs. LINN and HUBBARD, were con-
sidered and agreed to.
Mr. TOMLINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Rejoiced, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot making an appropriation
to co nplcte and secure the works at Cedar Point, in the
state ot Connecticut
NORTHERN BOUNDARY- OF OHIO.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to establish
the northern boundary line of Ohio, and for the
admission of Michigan into the Union; when Mr.
SOUTHARD, who had the floor, concluded his
el mirks in opposition to the bill, the question be-
ing on Mr. Wright's amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS addressed the Senate ¡a
support of the amendments offered by him yes-
teiday.
Messrs. CLAYTON, EWING, and CLAY,
addressed the Senate, principally in opposition to
that part of the constitution of Michigan in rela-
tion to the right of suffrage; and their arguments
■were replied to by Messrs. BENTON, WRIGHT,
and BUCHANAN, in support of the bill, with
the amendment of Mr. Wright; after which,
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, that the Senate
adjourn, it was decided in the negative—yeas21,
nays 22.
After some further remarks from Mr. CLAY,
and a reply from Mr. BUCHANAN,
Mr. EWING moved that the Senate adjourn;
which motion was negatived—yeas 21, nays 24;
as follows:
YEA8—Messrs Black, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, CriMM-
den, Davis, En ing of Ohio, Kent, Knight, Leigh, MeKesn,
Mangum, Moore, Naudam. Porter. Prentiss, Fracas, Bob-
bins, Southard, Swift, and Tomhnson—SI.         __,_ ._
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Bnchannn, CWMert,
Ewm?of Illinois,Graody, Hendriek , Hflt, HUbbardjKuij
of Alabama, King of Georgia, fcion  Moms, NieMUt,
