MLW
THE CONGKB88IG51A L • GLOB?.
813
fe*, rr'wrted without amendment the bdl from the
Senate for the rvliet"of the several eoqvorate cities
in the Dis'rict oi Coluuuwa; and the same was
commuted.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Kt ntnckr, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of th? representatives of Colonel Witham
Piatt; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. PE \RCC, of RhodeIslnnd.from the Com-
rame-e on Commerce, reported the following- res-
olution:
JtMolrttf. Ttvrt the use of thin Hall be grunted to J. Jf.
Reynolds E-sq , on daiunhy eveutng nort, lor tic purpo&e
ofd«Uve'ia* an «ddrex  ou the subject of an expcduiuu, or
vo\ «i* of di-eov erj, to the Sou'h S<-i ami Pacific Ocean.
The resoluuou *as agreed to.
Messrs. CRAIG and TURRILL, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims; Mr. LIN-
COLN, from the Committee on the Public Lands-,
and Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Atf.urs, made unfavorable re-
ports upon various petitions; which were hud on
the (able.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, on leave, presented as
amendment to the report of the select committee
on the subject of an amendment to the Constitu-
tion in regard to the election of President and
Vice President; which v*as committed, and or-
lered to be printed.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice, and committed:
A bill to provide for openings military road
from Fort Leavenworth, on tht right bank of the
river Mississippi, above the Mate of Missouri,
to Fort Gibson, on the Arkansas river;
A biH for the relief of Abiiah Simmons;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Rohinson,
daughter and only surviving heir of Lieutenant
Richard Wilde, dectised,
A bill for the relitf of Martin Prindle;
A bill making an appropriation for purchasing
the right to use in the Army, Navy, &.c, an in-
dention of Boyd Reiley, Esq.; and
A bill for the relief of the lejal representative
of the late Theodore W. Maurice.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose to make a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Claims,
(Mr. WHTTTtEsrv,] which was that, in going
into committee on private bills, it should be un-
derstood that any bill which gave rise to discus-
sion should be laid aside; and in this manner a
large number of claims, about which there was
bo difficulty, might be disposed of that day and
to-morrow. He referred to the fact, that the claim
of Jesse Smith and others had occupied the days
appropriated to private business for several weeks,
and oiher bills might produce similar delays. In
making this suggestion, he would remark that he
should fi-el bound to ask the House to dispose of
the naval appropriation bill daring the next week.
Mr. WHITTLESEY remarked that the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from New York was in
accordance with his own wishes.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carohna, objected
to any such arrangement.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Latham, dtceased, was taken up, an amendment
of the Committee of the Whole non-concurred
in; and, after some remarks by Messrs. MAY
and CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, the bill was,
on motion by the latter, recommitted to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The House then went tnto the Committee of
the Whole (Mr. Wardwell in the chair) on the
following bills:
A bill for the relief of Charles M. Frazier;
A bill for the relief of Farish Carter, and the
heirs of Charles Williamson;
A bill for the relief of Thomas McCleland and
James Smith;
A bill for the relief of David Browning;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Boone;
A bill for the relief of James Canfield;
A bill for the relief of Benedict Alford and
Robert Brush;
A bill for the relief of James Weltbank;
A bill for the relief of D. L. R. OriMon; and     \
A bill for the relief of William Stannard and
«then.                                                           '
The coimriittoe rose, and reported the bills to
the House, wit'i the exception ol* the bill for the
relief of McCl< I  nd and Smith, w Inch was passed
over; nnd the same were ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, with the exception of the
bills for the relief of D. L. R Onilon and F.
Carter, and the heirs of Charles Williamson.
On motion of Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Missis-
sippi, it was
HooImJ, That the Committee on the Post Office and Tost
R«fcds ho iu8trutH«(l U> inquire into tile «V|> 'diency ol e--l.1l>
lisluu} the tollownu pu-t romo  in the. State ot Missis-
sippi From Budiiev, bv Pane'- '-tore, t > SeL-er-tovvn ; from
Pintitoc to Cotleeville : I rom Gallatin, bv Siars's old store,
Hugnea's store, and Malcolm, to Fuvette; from Madison
\iUe,l y Canton, Mouigomi ry, nnd Franklin, to Lexington ;
from Leinigton, by Au.tli and Leak Court lii>u L,tii Bran
don; nl-o,trom Piekm ville, \libinn,bv Macon, to Loui-
ville, Winston emintj, Mi ~i^ippi; trom Columbus, bv M«
eon, Notville, Waholoc, Kemper, Lauderdale, and Clark
Court-lioiLsiM, to \\ inche^ter.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, also on
leave,submitted the following resolutions; which
were considered and agreed to:
Rtr>keá, Tlwt the Secretary ot War be directed to inform
tln.-< Houm wliat number ot Choctaw Indians have been
removed we>to( the Mui-i—íppi Mnce the treaty ol Ojncuig
Rabbit Creek , wbat -um h.i* been erp-nded in their re
mom!; whether am portion of the appropriation mid" for
tlut purpose 13 on hand; what number of Choctaws «ill
remain witliin tlie boundaries 01 the late purchase; and
what would be the probible e\pen-e ot n moving them
Rciolrel, That the Secrc arv ofthe Trc-i-urv he directed
to inform t«i^ Ilon>-e what mini her of acre^ ot land have been
entered at the office at \uiru-ta,in the StUe ot Mississippi,
from its Ut-Gibh.-hmeiu up to the \ear 1Sj\>
On motion by Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois,
the House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, .1p,il 2, 1836.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Post Office Department, in compliance with
the resolution of the Stnate of the 29th ultimo,
on the subject of discrepancy in the report ofthe
accouutant of the Department of March, 1835;
and,
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, it was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pi n-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of the widow
aad family of Samuel Gibbs, deceased; which
was read, and ordered to a second leading.
On motion by Mr. HILL, leave was given to
Moses Hoyttowithdian his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BLACK,loave wasgnen to
Abraham A. Van Bibber to withdtawhispuiUon
and papers.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OI" OHIO.
The bill to establish the no'thi rn boundary
line of Ohio, and for the admission of Michigan
into the Union, came un on its third reading.
Mr. PORTER moved to recommit the bill for
the purpose of amending it on the subject of the
right of suffrage, and more effectually to secure
the rights ofthe United States to the public lands
in the new State.
On this motion a debate ensued, in which it
was supported by Messrs. PORTER, BLACK,
CALHOUN, CRITTENDEN, CLAY, MAN-
GUM, WHITE, and CLVYTON.and opposed
by Messrs. WALKER, WRIGHT, and BEN-
TON; and Mr. PRESTON, though in favor of
the recommitment, opposed thepunciph of inter-
fering  ith the right of the new State to settle the
qualification of its voters.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to amend the bill by
general consent, by inserting a clause providing
that the assent of Michigan to this bill shall be
given by a convention elected by the free white
male citizens ofthe United States over the age of
twenty-one years residing m the said Territory ;
but this amendment requiring the unanimous
consent of the Senate, and
Mr. WRIGHT objecting, the question was not
put.
Mr. WRIGHT said that this amendment was
precisely the one rgcctcdycsterday by the Senate
by a large majority. The principle, however,
contended for by the gentleman and his friends
could be carried out by inserting the words ' 'qual-
ified voters," instead of the word " people,"
used in the bill, and to this coarse he presumed
there would be no objection.
¡I     Mr. CLAYTON intimated his intention of
I'offtrniiT. an ami ndment 111 pursuance of Mr.
Wright's suggest 101 , but, on Mr. Calhoun say-
ing he would object to it, it was not offered.
On taking the question, the motion to recom-
mit the bill was lost —yeas 19, nays 24; as fol-
lows :
YE \S—M>e*«rs. Calhoun, Cliy. Clayton, Crittenden,
Dm-, Ewmg ol Ohio, Kent, Knigtif, Leigh, Mungunl,
Nauriiin, Porter, Prentiss, Prertou, Uolibins, Southard,
Suit!. Toinlin-nn, and White—19
NWS — Me -n Denton, Hrovvn, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Eningol Illinois, Grunilv, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, King
01 Alnbimi, King ot Georgia, Linn, McKean, Mom ,
Nicholas, Nlies, Bives, Robin-on, liusgles, bbeplej, T.1II-
madgc, Tipton, Wilkt r, and \\ right—24
Mr. PRESTON moved to lay the bill on the
table ; which motion was lost— yeas 20, nays 24;
as follows :
YE\S—Messrs Black, Calhoun, Clav, Clavton, Crit-
tenden, I).ms Evving ot Ohio, Ki lit.. Knight, Lush, Man-
gum. N.iudam, Porter, Premise^ Prc-lon, llobbini, South-
ard. Swut, Pomlm-on, nnd White—20.
N \\ -* — Mew- IJi nton. Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Eivni','of Illinois, Giuiitn , Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, King
pt AUb.inn, Knight, Linn, McKean, Morn-, Nichol is,
Nile-, Rives, Robm-on, Ruiele^, Sheplev, Tallniddge,
Tipton, Walker, and Wright—-!4.
Mr. PRESTON next moved that the Senate
adjourn; and this question was decided in the
negative—yeas 20, nays 23; as follows:
YE iS—Mes-rs.Black, Clay, Clajton, Crittenden, I),n is,
Ewingof Olio, Kent, Knight, Lenh, McKean, Marigmn,
Moore, V mdain, Porter. Pn.nti-3, Prc-toji, Bobbins, South-
ard, and Sui'l—20
N \Yá— We rr. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
E\vingot Illinois, Grundy, H<'iiducfc¡«. Hill, Hubbard, King
o' Mihiuii, Linn, Morris, \iehoIt-, Rive-, Robin-on, Rug
gles, Sheplev, Tallin id" •, Tipton, Walker, White, and
Wright—93.
The final question was then taken; and the bill
was passed by the following vote:
\E\S—MCi-r-. Benton. Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Evvin^oi [lb 101-, Giuitilv. Hi ndiieks, Hill, Hubbard, King
of \lihiina, King ot Ueorgi 1, Linn, McKean, Morris, Nich
ola-, Nib . Rives. Robm-<>n, Riiggles, Shepley, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Walker, and VVngbt—34
N \^ S— M '—r- Bl id, Calhoun, Davis, Evving of Ohio,
Kent, Km"1!!, Leigh, Miiejum, Naudain, Porter, Prcnti--,
I'r'-toi, Robb.n-, Southard, Swilt, Tomlmcon, and White
—17
ADMISSION OP ARKANSAS.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill for the
admission of Arkansas into the Union; and the
bill ha\ms been read,
Mr.NAUDAIN moved that the Senate adjourn;
and this motion was negatived by the following
vote:
YCf- Me—rs Cnttend^n, Davis, Ewmg of Ohio, Nnu-
diei, Porter, Pr nti--, Pre ton, Robbins, taouthard, Swift,
anil romlinson —11.
NW- —Me—r- Renton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Ciit!i>)'rt, Living of Illinois, Gnindv, Hendricks, Hill, Hub-
bard, Kinj ol Alibaraa, Kingot Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Man-
gum, Mo 'i-, Nichola-, Niles, Rives, Robinson, Riiggles,
S'i plej, Tdllmadge, Tipton, Walker, White, and Wright
—27.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the bill was so
amended as to provide more effectually against
any difficulties as to the boundary with the west-
ern Cherokees.
After some brief remarks from Messrs. CAL-
HOUN, SOUTHARD, CLAY, KING of Ala-
bama, BENTON, WALKER, PRESTON, and *
EWING of Ohio,
Mr. EWING, in the course o'' his remarks,
said he could not and would not give bis vote on
a bill which he had not an opportunity of making
himself acquainted with; and as the bill could Bet
pnsstliat evening but by unanimous consent, he,
for one would object to its passage.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, moved that the Senate
adjourn. He, as a southern man, felt no appre-
hension as to the bill passing without difficulty
on Monday, and being sent to the other House,
so as to pass that body with the Michigan bill.
There was no necessity for hurrjrmgit that even-
ing, particularly as the other Hovae eould not act
on both bills at once, and as there were no ailch
objections to this bill as had been made to the
one for Michigan. He hud such a perfect confi-
dence in the disposition of the Senate to pass this *
bill, that he was willing to delay it another day,
to give to those members wht> wished tax wppor-
tumty of examining into its details, beiagf fully
persuaded that they would find tookblng in at to
object to.                              •''    ■
