ist&
MB CONttRÉSSlO^É GLOBE.
ZV1
!V wort! fixrd on,bernusc that was the only word
w i! ' i!'.I fi\ a «t.cnn upon the Senati , and
pecans- tl.it w is the only word that could do
I •-•i.-f to the mi.i w ho had done more good to
leanU.nd ih.i'1 am othi r, and because, forsooth,
he S e i'i  ,i< a m. t im.vviis.Mt? body. If the
Pr< N.d .it r< ally d.srid to see this coordinate
bran< h of the («mrnnunt hunibltd before him
to preserve his fame, that alone was enough to
satisfy htm, (Mr. L.,)that lie was not deserving
of it
The idea of the irresponsibility of the Senate
wnssuittd to the newspaper slang of the country,
and he was verv sorry his colleague had touched
upon it. His colleague was mistaken in his opin-
ion of the irresponsibility of this body. II ■ (Mr.
L. > contend si, that it was not so irresponsible as
either the Executive or the judiciary. He ex-
pected, wht n the St nate ■was disposed of, to see
an attack upon the judiciary, lu fact, it had
already been attacked in the war that was joins:
on. Mr. L. read from the Constiuition the in-
junction to keep a journa', and the right of one
fif*h of the mem Seis to demand the yeas and nays.
Allow this absolute control oier the Journal con-
tended for, and it might at once be handed to the
President, and by h.mtoth  common hangman,
who might burn it up. He gave the various
definitions, literal and metaphorical, of the term,
" keepajournal,"and thew ord "expunge". Ifthe
original nianusciipt was functus officio as soon as
K was copied and published, then neither it nor
the laws, so carefully enrolled oil parchment,
would bt necessary io be preserved, and one
would bt no belter than waste paper,and theother
might be given to some antiquarian to take fac
iiini/fj from. He held that the manuscript copy
of the Journal was not only the evidence of fact,
but oflaw; and where, by mistake orotlierw ise,
there should i>ea want of corn spondence between
the original manuscript and the printed copies of
th< Journal, the form, r would be receiitd by
coui ts of justice as the belter evidence. Printed
copies of the Journal were relied on, because,in
more than ninety-nine cases out of a hundred,
they would b.- found to be an exact transcript of
tue manuscript.
Mr. L. controverted the position, that to keep
a journal did not mean to t rt-serre it, and con-
tended tint the cists cited in illustration of that
position Were- not applicable, because tbe circum-
stance amending them were notthesame; as, for
instance, the m.ller who kept the mill did not
make tin corn he ground, as the Senate did the
Journal tljvy kv\Ht The verb " to k*ep" iniari-
aul) iniA.it to pu serio. He gave exampks of the
us< of t!i< word "keep" from Johns in sdiction-
ary, th. Scnptun s, John Locke, and otheis. In
the Vernacular language, keeping a journal was
understood to mean a diary oí transactions,and in
the vernacular and parliamentary sense, taken
together, it meant to keep and prt serve a record
of the transactions of the Senate. If it was the
duty of the .Senate to keep a journal,and the man-
uscript was that journal, and a part of it expunged,
it was, in fact, no longer the journal of their pro-
ceed") *. By the tews of England, arid the statute
of Virginia, it was Mrmy for the clerk of a court,
•who kept the record of ns proceedings, to alter
it, notwithstanding the maxim in low, " Qui
faett per aliim facit ptr *r." He would riot say
the 8- nate would he entity of felony m directing
the Secretary of the Senate to alter the records
of its proceedings.
Mr. L w. nt'into a detailed history of the ship
money rase, and the controversy between the
Crown and Parliament, cited by his colleague,
and said an act ot Parlmnvnf was passed in that
c*s#auth< rnimg the cancellation.
[Mr. Rives here explained the purpose for
which he had introduced that case]
Mr L. claimed the right of the Senate to refuse
to enter the protest of the President on the Jour-
nal, and insisted that the President had no ri*ht
to say one word to the Senate, except in his offi-
cial communications within the line of lug con-
stitutional duties. Prom circumstances, he was
•"ndticed to believe that Mr. Jefferson's memory
was incorrect in rcgnid to the fxpunging of the
resolutions of Patrick Henry in the Honse of
BargesBe-s. Expunging this record of the Senate
w** only to maintainlne prerogative of the Pres-
ident, for there was no law to authorize it, and
it must, therefore, lie in virtue of his prerogative.
Lord Chatham had called the tearing out of leaves
from a book by the House of Lords the act of a
mob. He spoke of England as the mother of
lilxrly, from whom we had imbibed our prin-
ciples of republicanism. He belonged to the
Episcopal Church; ami, if following out the rules
of catechism taught him by his parents consti-
tuted him an aristocrat, with which he had been
charged, he was willing to bear the charge.
Mr. LEIGH, without having concluded, here
gave Wav to
Mr. WHITE, on whose motion the Senate
went into the consideration of executive business;
after which it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, *1pnl 5, 1836.
The motion of Mr. Huntsman to suspend the
rule, in order to enable him to swbmit a motion
to make the Tennessee land bill the special order
for a future day, was postponed until to-morrow.
SURPLUS REVENUE.
The House resumed the consideration of the
preamble and resolutions of the Legislature of
Kentucky on the subject of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
WrLLriMs, of Kentucky i to refer the resolutions
to the Committee of Way? and Means, with in-
structions to repoit a bill appropriating to the
several States, for a limited time, the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands for purposes of in-
ternal imnrovement nnd education.
Mr. HA WES continued the remarks which Tie
commenced on Monday last, at considerable
length. He said he hid everheld to the doctrine
that the Legislature of a State had the right to
instiuct their Senators to vote according to their
will, and that they were either bound to obey
those instructions or resign their stations; and he
conceived that he who violated this first principle
of our Government was recreant to the trust
reposed in him, and ought never to be again
returned to public office by the people; but when
the Legislature of his State requested him to do
that which he did not consider right and proper,
he did not consider that he was bound to obey
that request, because the Legislature had no right
to instruct him, inasmuch as he was only ac-
conntable to his own constituents. He conceived )
that these resolutions of the Legislature of Ken- ]
tueky were not sent for the object avowed on
their face, because the Legislature knew that the
Senators would vote for a distribution of the rev-
enue, and for Clay's land bill, and that every
opposition member of the House would do the
same thing. He believed that there were but
four or five representatives on that floor who
were the representatives of the interests of the
people of Kentucky, and that (here were eight or
nine who were not the people's representatives,
because, in his humble opinion, they went against
the interests of the people of their State on this
land bill, although, he had no doubt, they acted
conscientiously.
Mr. H. always professed to be h rrran of the
people, and opposed to all monopolies, whether
the Bank of the United States or any other; but
the Legislature of Kentucky, instead of attending
to the interests of the people of Kentucky, had
been engaged in bringing before the people of the
United States the name of W. H. Harrison as a
candidate for the next Presidency. His colleague
[Mr. Hardiv] had gone on to show the folly of
placing the name of Mr. Van Buren before the
people as the war party candidate. Mr. H. said
the name of Mr. Van Buren never had been in-
troduced as the war party candidate.
The CHAIR stated that, although the range of
debate might be very wide on the question before
■ the House, yet he did not consider that it should
be so wide as to go into the merits ordemer/ts of
candidates for the next Presidency.
|     Mr. STORER observed that he hoped the gen-
tleman -might be permitted to proceed, so that
there might be an opportunity of replying to his
remarks.
1    Mr. BYNUM asked if the sense of the House
1 would be token on the mibjec(*
The CHAIR remarked that the -sense of tl<e
House might be taken, and then the responsibility
would rest with the House.
Mr BOON said, after the wide range taken by
the gentleman's colleague, he hoped the gentleman
would be permitted to reply.
Mr. HAWES resumed. He said, Mr. Van
Buren's friends never brought him forward as
the war-party candidate, but he was brought for-
ward by that party which was willing to vote
appropriations when they were required to carry
on a war with France, or any other nation. But
his colleague [Mr. Allah] hud said that he was
always willing to vate appropriations, provided
it was necessary. Now, Mr. H. had the Journal
before him, where that gentleman had voted, in a
very small minority, against a proposition merely
to inquire into the expediency of increasing owr
naval power, and that, too, at a time when the
cloud of war lowered over us. But his colleague
[Mr. Hardin] had gone on to entogiie their
candidate for the next Presidency, by saying that
William Henry Harrison had spent Ins youth and
his manhood in battles and in the midst of fire
and smoke. Now, Mr. H intendi i to review
some of the acts of that gentleman who had spent
his youth and his manhood in the midst of fire '
and smoke. He would first take a view of his
conduct at Tippecanoe. He hod commanded
upon that occasion as brave men as ever went
into the field of battle—men who, if they had had
a proper commander, would haie shed a ray of
glory on the country. The commander, however,
according to the report of the times, trusting upon
the faith of an Indian chief, had allowed his army
to be drawn into a position m which it required
the greatest bravery to prevent their entire over-
throw. On that occasion, Kentucky lost many
of herbraiest sons, and among them the nan.eof
Joseph Daviess will always bedeplorcd. He was
among those who fell on that occasion, and Ken-
tucky was still mourning his loss. His impetu-
osity led him in the midst of danger and slaughter;
ttnd, in the language of agreat poet, he rushed into
the field, and foremost, fighting, fell. Again, at
Sandusky, and the defense at Fort Stevenson,
where was General Harrison ? Where was he
when this little band was surrounded by ainenemy ?
He was at the head of an effective army, yet he
left one hundred and fifty devoted patriots to de-
fend themselves against a superior enemy. He
had ordered them to retreat; and, according to the
letterof Governor Duncan,of Illinois,he had piled
up his provisions and munitions of war to burti
them and retreat with his whole force, thus leav-
ing an extensive frontier open to the enemy and
their siivage allies; but the bravery and intre-
pidity of Chrogan and his little band prevented
this, and thus raised the reputation of our troops.
According to the same letter, when the cannon
wras heard he observed, their Wood be on their
own shoulders Does the gentlerrian from Ken-
tucky [Mr. T-t tHUDr] think that this is spending
his prime of life amidst fire and smoke > for he
appears to rest his wholeeláim upon that, and
not his competency or qualification for that high
statron.
Again, at the river Raisin was General Harri-
son there, in the midst of fire and smoke, as his
colleague [Mr. Hardin] had said * He was not
very distant, but he did not come to the rescue.
Mr. H. remembered to have heard it said, but
does not vouch for it, that when the express from
the battle-field reached Frankfort, the theater was
in session; and there was scarcely a being in that
spacious establishment but had lost some relative
or friend. Kentucky was put in mourning from
one end to the other. The blood that was spilled
on that occasion flowed from the veins of Ken-
tucky's choicest spirits. Years after their bones
still bleached on that fatal field of slaughter, and
stood as a lasting monument of the ill-starred and
unfortunate eonduct of the commanding General.
Was he in fire and smoke on that occasion f No,
he was not; and the spirits of the brave, of our
Allen, our Hart, our Simms, and the many others
who died for their country, will rise up and pro-
claim that he was not amidst the fire and smoke
which enveloped their manly forms on that trying
and heart-sickening day.
Mr. H. again asked, where was Mr. Hardin's
flre-andHimoke here *t the l ttle of the Thames ?
