ism
TJ*E CONttRBSMQNAL GLQBBL
M9
DouMeday, Promgoole, EfTher, Fairfield. Parlin, WilllnM
IC. Fuller. James Gailand. Gillct. Glascock, GraiiCJnnrt,
II il y, Jo~op'i Hall, llamar, II inncgan, Albert li. Harrison,
II ,wo~, II mkiiis., Hajncs, IlTulor-on, Ilol*cy, Hopkins,
HublPT, Hunun tnn,ln^liain, JaliozJac!cso:i,járvia,Jofcípli
JuliuMin, CivcJonn^nii, Jonu VV. Join;-, Ucnjamin Jones,
Iv 'ii,inn. Ivil^orc, Kmnard, IClt:i<;eiiMiiitli, Lane, Lansing,
G,il"oa Lee Jo-hui Lee, Tliomas Lee, Leonard. Loaan,
Lu-a-, Joi) Mann, Manning, John Y. Ma-*>n, William
Mteou, Mosc- M.i-on, Maj, MoKeon, McKun, McLene,
Montgomery, M.iore. Morgan, Page, Parker, Parlo, Patter-
son-, Uuteo J. I'earce, Phelps, John Ileynolds, Joseph Rey-
nold^, Ripley. Uoine, Selienck, Seymour, Sicfcles, Smith,
Sutherland, John Thomp-on, Towns, Tun ill, Vanderpoel,
Waijener, Ward.Waidwell, VVeostfr,\V"petc<>,and Shetrod
WUlia ns—99.
So the motion to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose indicated was disagreed to.
Mr. PEYTON gave; notice that, as he consid-
ered the bill referred to in his resolution an im-
portant one, he should renew the motion at some
convenient time.
The CHAIR announced the special order of
the day, being the naval service bill.
Mr. EVANS moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of calling the States for petitions.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested, as there could
be but few petitions, (several having been pre-
sented on Friday by common consent,) the mo-
tion to call the States for them was unnecessary,
as they could be presented in the morning by
common consent.
The motion of Mr. Evans was lost without a
count.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the House
resolve itselfinto the Committee of the Whole, for
the purpose of taking up the special order.
Mr. LAY asked the consent of the House to
present several petitions.
Objection being made, Mr. L. moved to sus-
pend the rules, in order to enable him to present
•the petitions referred to, and asked for the yeas
and nays on his motion.
. The House refused to order the yeas and nays,
and negatived th  motion to suspend without a
count.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
In pursuance of the special order of the 26th
of January, on motion by Mr!CAMBRELENG,
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
;the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamer
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of the United States for the year 1836.
The question ponding was the motion by Mr.
Bell to strike put the following item:
"For the improvement;and neewsaiy repairs of the rovry-
* d tt tpj-tsmouth, New Hampshire, £67,0(10."    , • ,
Mr. JARVIS, -who was entitled to th# floor,
rose and addressed the House at length. /He
adverted to the extraordinary rarige this debate,
on a mere motion to strike oata small item, had
taken ,«nd expressed á hope to see it brought back
to tire subject Of the bill. • On this item there had
been brought in a great Variety of topics not at
all connected with a, viz: the Bank oT the United
States, the surplus revenue, -internal improve-
ments, &c He recurred to th« position now
occupied by a gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] who had heretofore supported the Admin-
istration, and now opposed it, who had fought
side by side, and shoulder to shoulder, with the
friends of the Administration for years past, but
now spoke of them as " gentlemen on'the other
side." What occasion had the gentleman chosen
for his attack ? On a bill that, in ordinary times,
passed almost without a question. The time
chosen by the gentleman was equally extraor-
dinary; for his motion, which had delayed it till
this time, was made when there were daily appre-
hensions that we should be driven to a contest
with the second naval Power in the world.
With regard to the locality of the naval yards,
the present Administration could not be held
responsible for them. Thev were all constructed
long before. He also replied to the charge of
neglect of the Navy, brought by Mr. Bell against
the Administration, by citing the appropriations
made for this branch of the service durin - the
present term, which exceeded all the naval ex-
penditures for the preceding twenty-seven or
twenty-eight years. Mr. Bell, in advocating
the reduction of the number of nary-yards in the
United States, had stated that Great Britain,, the
first naval Power in Europe, had only the num-
ber of two. She had seven navy-yards, the least
of them greater ttian the largest in the United
States, and employing more men than the best
of ours. Sheei-ness, which, at the close of the
war, was the least of them, and intended only for
the repair of frigates, had been taken in hand by
the British Government in 1816, and more money
had been expended upon that one station alone
than upon all the yards in the United States
together sinee they were first established. The
navy-yard at Chatham ran a mile along the river,
, and had two basins, four docks, and six.buildings.
¡ Woolwich was'a mile long. The navy-yard at
Deptford covered an area of thirty-onoacres, and
had two wet-docks, one covering an acre and a
half, and the other an acre. Pranee also had
, thirteen naval depots, five of which were superior
,  to any of ours, i
Mr. J. then briefly adverted to the argument
of Mr. Pearce, of Rhode Island,in favorof Nar-
ragansett báy( and entered into a reference and
description  of various points on the coast of
Maine, which offered as good sites for naval sta-
I  tions as Rhode Island.    He named Shcepscot,
Penobscot, and Mount Desert,  each of which
could accommodate at all times the largest fleet
that could bef brought together.    He reviewed the
course of argument of Mr. Thowpsok, of South
Carolina, who had divided the country into three
great divisions. He asked whetherthe honor, the
renown, the glory, of the navy, was a sectional
< matter? Why, there -was not a State or Territory
in the Union which had not furnished officers to
the Navy.    Nor was their career confined to the
limits of the north Atlantic coast.   Their duties
called them to the Gulf frontier, the south Atlantic,
I and the Pacific, the Mediterranean, and the coast
| of Africa.   The gentleman from South Carolina
had also stated that labor was cheaper in the
| South than in the North.   In answer to this, Mr.
J; quoted a number of facts. Among others, there
were now applications for an increase of wages,
on aooourtt of the high price of other labor in the
South.   He cited the case of the Adams and the
John Adams, two vesselsof the same tonnage.
The former was built at New York, and cost a
little over $76,000, the other was built at Charles-
ton, and cost over $113,000.   He adduced, also,
several other similar instances.
With respect to a navy-yard at Pensacola, the
Administration was not answerable for any neg-
lect, for  the bill in relation to that place had
reference to no such construction.   It was also
even doubtful whether it was a proper site or not,
for the report of Commodore Rogers, which Mr.
J. read,distinctly* stated that, for a naval station,
Pensacola possessed .hot the same means' by
nature, nor could be ftrade artificially, cssehtially
fit for the protection of ships, owing'to the small
depth  of water, and other obstructions.    But
large surtís liad been expended there already, and
j much more was proposed to be done.   The, esti-
mates' of the Department for the present year,
( and included;in this bill, amounted to $164,000;
¡ and the Committee on Naval Affairs had, through
him, reported a bill appropriating $75,000 tor re-
movingthe baryand for constructing a hydraulic
dock or inclined plane, $125,000, making in the
whole $264,000.   It was still questionable with
! him whether, from the examinations he had been
, able to make, the money would be judiciously
I appropriated or not.  Mr, J. then cited a number
of statistical and tabular statements, in reply to
1 the argument of Mr. Thompson, of inequality of
expenditure to the advantage of the North, both
as to the construction of certain public works,
and the appointment of officers.    From the facts
adduced, the advantage was in favor of the South.
This applied to various objects of public expendi-
ture, as well the Army as the Navy, and  to
forts and fortifications.   With regard to supplies
for the Navy, the South had a manifest advan-
tage.    She produced the sugar, tobacco  rice,
timber, &c.   Mr. J. was for an increase of the
Nayy, commensurate with the exigencies, and
commercial interest of the country.     He was
also in favor of certain regulations in the grada-
tions and rates of the officers of the Navy, which
were at present Very unequal.    Mr. J. spoke till
within a few minutes of four o'clock, when        '
|     Mr. ROBERTSON obtained the floor, and on
1 motion by
Mr. PEYTON, the committee rose and re-
ported.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The Speaker laid before the House a commu-
nication from the War Department, in answer to
a resolution of the House of the 17th of January,
| 1835, transmitting a statement and details from
the second and third Auditors, exhibiting the
items of pay and allowances to officers of the army
for the two fiscal years ending September, 1834;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
NEW POST ROUTE.
On motion by Mr. CHAPMAN,
Resolved, That ti e Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be nutructcd to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Lagrange, in Troup county,
Georgia,by the way of Dickson's mills,in Randolph county,
Alabama, thence to the court-house of Randolph county
to Taledaga, in Taledaga count}'.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the House
adjourned.__________________
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 5, 1836.
Messrs. MORRIS and EWING presented sev-
eral petitions from citizen's of Ohio, on the subject
of a change in the location of the Cumberland
road; which were referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
the representatives of Captain Andrew Leach;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. LINN, leave Was given to
Joseph Roulette to withdraw his petition and
papers.
Mr. MOORE, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of Simon Gerer; which was read and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Carroll county, in trie State of
Indiana, representing the town of Delphi as the
head of steamboat navigation on the Wabaah
river, and praying that a port of entry may be
established at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Toledo, in
the State of Ohio, praying that a further appro-
priation t may be made for the construction of a
road from'that place to the' Indiana State line, in
the direction of Michigan city; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
BULLION FOR THE MINT.
Agreeable to the notice which he had given,
Mr. BENTON asked leave to bring in his bill
I for the better supply of the Mint with bullion and
metals for coining.
i     Not being «-member of the Finance Committee,
I to which-the bill would be referred, Mr. B. said
. he must daim the indulgence of the Senate to
' state the reasons which induced him to bring it
' forward,    h was framed (he said) upon the sup-
position that the Mint was not adequately sup-
plied with bullion and metals for coining, and
i that it was necessary to take legislative measures
to insure its better supply.   Both these suppo-
sitions were realities, and he had taken care to
, próvido himself with evidence to that effect. He
i had two letters from the Director of the Mint,
which he would send to the committee witk the
bill, and which would verify the statements which
he made.   These letters showed the present ca-
' pacity of the Mint to be eq«al to the coinage of
a million a month, or twelve millions per annum,
the coinage to consist of gold and silver and the
' usual proportions of small coins; and they also
showed the coinage of the last year to be about
five millions and a half of dollars; that is to say,
about half as much as the Mint could have dope
i if adequately supplied with bullion.   But the
i letters also state that improvements were now in
progress, by which steam-power would be sub-
stituted for manual labor in several parts of the
1 Machinery, and the effect of which would be to
increase the capacity of the Mint threefold; that
is to say, to make it equal to three millions a
' month, or thirty-six millions per annum. When
these improvements were completed, and apart
