320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GfcQBSi
April 5.
s
of them were already in operation, the Mint, un- |
less better supplied, would have stood ldje five
sixths of its time, as it could execute in two
months the whole coinage of last year. This
(said Mr. B.) must doubtless result from some
-reat fault in our legislation, and naturally leads
to the inquiry, How is the M>U noic supplied triln
bmlion and miMsfor coining ? Pursuing this in-
quiry, he found that the great business of sup-
plying this national establishment was virtually
devolved upon individuáis,and upon banks; and
that these individuals and banks were charged a
tax of one half of one per centum on the amount
coined, either in a direct charge, or in a delay
equivalent in loss of interest to the same amount.
This (he said") accounted for the lamentable re-
sult, that in forty years our coinage had amounted
to no more than forty millions; that our Mint
was but half supplied now, and would soon be
not one fifth supplied. Such a result was incom-
patible with die idea of establishing a Mint, and
of creating a specie currency; and he had been
led to pursue the inquiry further, and to ascertain
whether it could ever have been the intention of
the founders of the Mint, that that institution
was to be thrown upon individuals and corpora-
tions, and they discouraged by a tax, for the
means of supplying a national coinage ? Look-
ing into the early laws,and he found the answer
which the reason and propriety of the case re-
quired to exist; he found that it had never been
intended that the Mint was to be limited to these
precarious sources of supply; but that the na-
tional revenues were made a resource by law for
that purpose. He found in the act of 1793, sec.
3, this provision:
"Ail foreign gold and silver coitu, except Spanish milled
doUars, and parts of sitch dollars, which shall be received in
payment for moneys due the United Slates, after the said
time when the coinage of gold and silver shall hc%iu at the
Mini of the United States, shall, previously to their bein°
issced in circulation, te coined anew, in conformity to the
act establishing ffce Mini," íc.
This (said Mr. B.) establishes the intention of
the founders of the Mint. That intention was
to make the United States the supplier of bullion
to the Mint, and to devote the revenues of the
Union to that object. The effect of this law,
(Mr. B. said,) at the time it was enacted, was
expected to be great and decisive; for the act of
17¿¡9, forbidding anything but gold and silver to
be received on account of the United States, was
then in force; no banknotes were then receivable
for public dues; so that the revenues, and these
revenues in specie, were intended to pass through
the Mint, and a full and perfect new coinage to
be kept up. But this law soon lost its entire
force, and has remained for forty years a dead
letter on the statute-book. The Sank of the
United States was chartered, and it* notes became
receivable in lieu of coin; State banks began to
grow up, and their paper also to be received; and
eventually all the public moneys oame to be de-
posited in banks, instead of any part going to the
Mint; and this is the state of things at present.
The deposit banks receive aH the revenue; and
whatever coin they receive is considered as iheir
own, and there is nothing for the act of 1793 to
operate upon.
This exposition of the evil (continued Mr. B.) is,
in itself, an indication of the remedy. The rem-
edy lies in the repeal of the half per cent, tax on
coinage, and in reviving and carrying into effect
the original intent of the founders of the Mint, to
make the revenues of the Union the main source
of supply to that establishment. For this purpose
he had drawn up the bill which he proposed to
bring in, and would say but a word in support
of the two provisions which it contained.
First, as to the repeal of the tax and the aboli-
tion of the charge for refining. The amount of
the tax could be no object to the Government,
. while it was a serious consideration to the de-
positor, and, no doubt, often prevented deposits
for coinage from being-made. It might have been
justifiable when the Mint was first established and
the national Treasury was empty; but could hare
no apology now, especially with those who were
intent upon reestablishing the currency of the
Constitution.
Second, as to coining the revenues.
This must have a good effect in a great variety
of ways:
1.  The revenues of the Union-are now received
in paper; and there is little or no national check
upon the amount of this paper received. Its
transfer to the Mint will supply a check, and that
a serious one; for even now a million a month of
the revenues might be sent to the Mint; and with
the improvements going on, and the completion
of the branch mints, the whole amount of the an-
nual revenue, if necessary, might be coined anew;
for the minting establishments will be sufficient
to coin forty millions at least per annum.
2.   It will keep the Mint fully supplied, and will
furnish the Union with a perfect and beautiful
coinage by coining up all foreign coins and ail
domestic ones which become imperfect by wear
or by fraudulent diminution.
3.  It will put the coinage under the direction of
the Government, which "can then direct the de-
nominations to be coined, and can supply the
country with small change. At present the banks
and individuals chiefly direct the denominations
which suit themselves, and those are half eagles
and half dollars; but the interest of the country,
the convenience of the people, and the cultivation
of a beneficial spirit of economy in small dealings,
require a great coinage of small change.
4.  The transfer of part of the revenues to the
Mint for coinage will show their capacity to be-
come depositories, with a few additional branch
mints, for the public moneys, and thus let the
banks see that the United States are not depend-
ent upon them for keeping the public moneys,
and are in acondition to dictate terms to, or tocut '
the connection with, all banking establishments.
5.  It would cause the present surplus revenue"
to take the solid and substantial form of coin,
instead of remaining a light and volatile mass of
paper.
Mr. B. concluded what he had to say at pres-
ent with remarking, that, the return to a constitu-
tional currency was a work of many steps, and
that one step was to supply the mints with metals
for coinage, and this was the step which he now
proposed to take.
The bill was then read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
i                   HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
1    The following bills from the House were sev-
erally read twice, and referred:
The bill to extend the time for selling the land
granted to the incorporated Kentucky Asylum
for teaching the Deaf and Dumb;
I     The bill for the relief of Jonathan Boone;
The bill for the relief of David Browning;
The bill for the relief of Forish Carter and the
heirs of Charles Williamson, deceased;      ,
The bill for the relief of James Wiltbank;   ¡
The bill for the relief of Cjiarles M. Frazier;
The bill for the relief 4>i William Stannard,
and others;
The bill for the relief of James. Canefield; and
The bill for the relief of Benedict Alford and
Robert Brush.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Hill was considered and agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and the
other heirs of James Abbott, deceased, was^ after
a brief explanation from Mr. Linn, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
REPEAL OP DUTIES. '
The bill to repeal the duties on certain articles
of importation, and to reduce the duties on others
therein enumerated, was taken up and considered
as in Committee of the Whole; and, after being
amended,
On motion by Mr. KNIGHT, it was laid on
the table.
INCREASED SALARY.                         I
The bill to increase the salary of the principal
i clerk employed in the office of the Adjutant and
Inspector General wa  read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading. .
ARTHUR BROKSON.
The bill granting a preemption to Arthur Bron-
son was read the second time, and laid on the
table.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
The bill from the House amendatory of the act
for the relief of the sufferers by fire in the city of
New York, passed the 9th of March, 1836, was
read the first time; and,
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, and by unani-
mous consent, read the second and third times
and passed.
EXPUNGING  RESOLUTIONS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the expunging resolution submitted by Mr.
Benton,when
Mr. LEIGH, being entitled to the floor, pro-
ceeded. He enforced the position assumed yester-
day, that the manuscript was, and the printed
copy was not, the Journal, and, in parliamen-
tary language, to keep a journal implied to pre-
serve it. He controverted the idea of expunging
in the manner prescribed by the resolutions of
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
and made a distinction between the will and the
act. It was competent for the maker of a will to
cancel it; but it was not competent for any one to
do the act of canceling, and say it was his will
to do it. If authorized in this figurative Way in
this instance, it would be a precedent to expunge
hereafter any part of the Journal. A future
Senate would have the same power over the
Journal of a preceding session that this Senate
has over the Journal of the last session. If this
Senate should expunge, the Senate of 1837 might
resolve to expunge the expunction, and the Senate
of 1838 might resolve to expunge the expunction
of the exptthction, and so on as long as party
spirit and different parties predominated. Btrt the
question was, how or by what method was all this
to be done? Alternate cancelation and scratching
out would wear out the paper.
Every man was bound to speak the truth, and
when acting under the obligation of an oath to
apeak nothing but the truth, and not to suppress
it or equivocate. Here the Senate votes to ex-
punge j and by way of excuse they say that they
do not expunge. He would not read the ninth
1 chanter of Pascal's provincial letters, for it might
wound the feelings of Senators who, on this
question, differed from him in opinion; but he
would refer to it, and they might read it if they
; wished.
He thought his colleague unfortunate in regard
to the case mentioned by him of the scroll round
the place of the seal, it was a fictitious case
reported in the newspapers. It purported to be
a casé in which the plea of non est factum was
made; and the scroll rourid the place where the
seal should have been was urged as evidence that
the seal had been expunged.
If they had a right to expunge this particular
resolution, it was competent for them to expunge
any legislative, executive, or judicial proceeding
on their Journal. He illustrated, by supposing
the passage of an act the last session to recliarter
the Bank of the United States; and asked if it
would be competent for this branch of Congress
to repeal it by expunction, or in any case forany
branch of Congress to repeal in that way the acts
of the other? He also supposed the case of a
conviction of a judicial officer on articles of im-
peachment being expunged, and afterwards,
through bribery or otherwise, nominated by the
President, and the nominee pleading the expunc-
tion as a former acquittal in bar, on an inquiry
into the validity of his commission. After some
further illustrations, he said, so much for this
ingenious metaphorical device of expunging with-
out expunging—destroying an act without de-
stroying it. He adverted to the case of expunging
the petition of Samuel G. Ogden and William §.
Smith. The expunging resolution in that case
directed that everything relating to their petition
be expunged—yeas 13, nays 8; but the reason
why it was expunged did not appear anywhere.
He supposed it passed swfr silentio, as matters
often did in the last day of the session, without
the notice of the House being particularly at-
tracted to it; but supposing it to be a case ex-
actly in point, he would ask if a proceeding
adopted on the last hour of the last day of the
session was to be regarded as a precedent to jus-
tify a deliberate departure from the solemn injunc-
tions of the Constitution? Precedents, as his
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] had
well remarked, were never resorted to where there
