1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
having the public money in that bank.   Had it
it r> m nú A there, there would h-ivo been no ob-
lu i> i, i* ! i>\\ , to th« di-tiu>ulion of it anions
itn' v a'< *, o o iiiw tlie Oo\i rnmeiu was in a state
of ho->t m\ to the bank. President Jackson had
t\\ ■> urn n ltd tlrs measure,nnd it was sur-
pr.Mi ; omi th laciliu w uh w Inch tin, iuends
i ' i  i i ii o i.n ons to piense him When he
lust iivniiiium.<d the distribution, they lughh
appended it. tue reiomiiiendaiion was eagt rly
h.uitd ov New \oik Pinnsyhania tollowtd suit,
Mid i'io « hole party sunj hosanuas to it;now they
Wire all opposed to it.
He sa  a great dillerence in ha\ing the public
ni->ne\ «hue it was safe, from having it where
it was not sate. Banking capital had increased
more man one hundred millions, and he held the
Administration responsible for it, as well as for
ail the evils with which they were threatened.
He had predated this slate ot tilings again and
aga.n, a  a consequence of the nieasuits of the
Adinui'SLiaiion, but he had not been listened to,
and t n\ nail proposed no nu asures to remedy or
present the t\lis acknowledged to evist. Mhty
cani' into pow i in lb30, they s\w tht public debt
was about to be paid, they saw the tariff throw -
ing miJIions intoiae Treasury, which it ought not
to ha%e collected; and mey recommended no
measures to meet these emergent tes. Instead of
be.ng employed in atutiding to these objects, they
were emt>loved in turning out one Cabinet and
puttin? in another, and regulating social inter-
course, d> c'aruig who tru> should wsit and who
tiiey snouid not visit. He held the Adnunistia-
tion responsible for the existing state of things
in regard to the currency, and for converting the
public lands, the property of the people, into
useless paper.
Mr. WALKER said, he had heard with much
surprise the charge renewed by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhocn,] in relation
to die deposit banks; or, as that gentleman desig-
nates them, pet banks, the President's banks.
Mr. W. said, that if these banks are the pets of
any man, or set of men, they were the pets of the
United States Bank; for, Mr. W. believed, that
nine tenths of these very misnamed pets had pe-
titioned for, or favored the recharter of, the Bank
of the United States. They were, (said Mr. W.,)
witii few • xceptions, all opposed to the President.
The official documents from the Treasury Depart-
ment, on whieh gentlemen of the Opposition
ha\e heretofore commented, exhibit the fact, tnat
the Planters' Bank of Mississippi held nearly
•hree million  of the public moneys; an<J yet this
enormous sum is permitted to remain in a bank
whose pr. s'dent, whose cashier and directors,
were the decided opponents of that gentleman
whose cause, it is insinuated, the President desires
to promote through the aid of the public moneys
in the deposit banks. Should not this fact con-
vince e\ery impartial mind, that these charges
against the President were utterly groundless '
Sir, i said Mr. W.,) I \cnture to affirm, that four
fifths of the deposit banks are opposed to the
Presuh-m, and that a publication of the list of
names of the stockholders, directors, and officers
of these institutions, would prove the truth of this
assertion. Sir, fsaid Mr. W.,) if banks, ay,
even if deposit banks were to decide the politics
of the day, hopeless indeed would be the cause of
the President and his friends. But (said Mr.
W.) the gentleman from South Carolina tells us
that the public moneys are unsafe in the deposit
banks; that no one would insure the return of
these public moneys by these banks to the Gov-
ernment at less than twenty percent.
Sir, (said Mr.W.,) if the gentleman will make
the offer, he can, I have no doubt, obtain this
insurance at less than one half per cent.; and, sir,
so far as my humble means would go, I would
most cheerfully insure the prompt payment of all
the public moneys by the Planters ^Bank of Mis-
sissippi at less than one twentieth of one percent.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) that bank is owned and con-
trolled by political opponents; but I feel bound to
•ay, that the institution is perfectly solvent, fully
able to meet, at any moment, any call the Treas-
ury may make upon it, and that it is, at this mo-
ment, infinitely safer than the Bank of the United
States; that it has more specie or northern funds,
in proportion to its circulation, than the Bank of
the United States. Sir, (said Mr. W.,) an effort
was made some two years ago, on this floor, to
ihstroy the cruht of the Planters' Bank of Mis-
sissippi. An alai in was created abroad, the notes
of the bank wt re sent from all the distant cities
for redemption in specie, and they were redeemed,
and the panic terminated; and, sir, is it desired
to set up another panic, not mei ely in Mississippi,
but throughout the Union > Is it intended once
more to unhinge public confidence, to excite an-
other alirm by assenting that twenty per cent,
would not betaken as an insurance for the return
of the public moiit ys from the deposit banks. Is
it intended to create, by false alarms here, an-
other scene of distress and embarrassment, and
then to charge it upon the President? Is it for
this, that inflated estimates of the alleged surplus
are presented to the public, when, at the rising of
Congress, when all the appropriation bills may
have passed, there may be no surplus at all'
But these public moneys are not deposited in the
United Statt s Bank they are not tin re to be used
in prostrating the Administration, and overthrow -
ing the libeities oí the people, and this seems to
be the great grievance of which the gentleman
from South Carolina so loudly complains. Sir,
the sentiment of the Ameiican people, shaken by
the portentous alarms, echoed and reechoed from
this Hall, did for a moment vibrate upon this sub-
ject; but it is now fixed and immutable, that the
public moneys had better be scattered to the four
winds of heaven than to be used as a part of the
artillery of the bank in its war upon the Govern-
ment and people of the Union. Belie\ing, then,
that no useful object can be accomplished by these
incessant assaults upon the deposit banks, I hope
these attacks will cease, or, if renewed, it may in
future have facts and specifications, instead of
vague assertions and groundless insinuations.
Mr. Porter's amendment was then agreed to;
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
HOUSE BILLS  REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were sev-
erally read twice and referred:
A bill for the relief of Tobias Drum;
A bill to renew the gold medal struck and pre-
sented to General Morgan, in honor of the battle
of the Cowpens;
A bill for the relief of Jacob F. Walter;
A bill for the relief of Gaetano Carusi;
A bill from the Senate for the relief of Henry
B. Tyler, executor of Colonel Richard Smith,
deceased;
A bill for the relief of Robert McJimsey, sur-
viving partner of Jackson and McJimsey;
A bill for the relief of Robert Dickey, of New
York;
A bill for the relief of John Prazer & Company,
of Charleston, South Carolina.
A bill for the relief of James Robertson, of
South Carolina;
A bill for the relief of Thankful Randall;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Mays;
A bill for the íehef of James Tucker and John
Judge;
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be issued to Albert C. Smith,
and others, patents for certain reservations of
and in Michigan Tenitory;
A bill for the relief of Francis R. Theobald;
and
A bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Stone.
AMENDMENTS TO DEPOSIT BILL.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted certain amendments
which lie proposed to offer to the bill to regulate
the public deposits, and moved that they be
printed for the information of the members of the
Senate; which motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BLACK, the Senate went
into the consideration of executive business; after
which it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdat, Jlpril 6, 1836.
Mr. CONNOR, on leave, presented a petition
from sundry citizens of Lincoln county, North
Carolina, in favor of an amendment of the Con-
stitution in that part which provides for the mode
of electing a President and Vice President of the
United States; which was committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to which that subject had betn refened.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported, uith an amendment, the bill
from the Senate, providing for deepening the bar
and constructing a dry dock at Pensacola; which
was committed.
Mr. GLASCOCK, from the Committee on the
Militia, reported a bill to provide more effectually
for the national defense, by organizing and arm-
ing the militia, and providing for disciplining the
same; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, presented a communication from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce,reported a joint resolution to suspend
so much of the third section of the act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year 1835, as
provides that the whole number of custom-house
officers on the 1st January, 1834, shall not be in-
creased until otherwise allowed by Congress.
Some explanatory conversation took place
between Messrs. SUTHERLAND, HARDIN,
WHITTLESEY, LAWRENCE, GIDEON
LEE, DENNY, and CAMBRELENG, when,
On motion by Mr. SUTHERLAND, the joint
resolution was amended by giving the proposi-
tion the character of a bill, and also by limiting
the suspension of the third section, as aforesaid,
to the end of the present session of Congress.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read the third time; subsequently, it was passed.
BOOKS TO MEMBERS.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of considering a resolution on the
Speaker's table, directing the Clerk of the House
to furnish the new members of the Twenty-Fourth
Congress with the same books which were fur-
nished to the members of the Twenty-Third Con-
gress; which was agreed to—ayes 112, noes not
counted.
The resolution being read,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, objected to the
passage of the resolution, and felt it his duty to
make a statement to the House of the expendi-
tures which would arise upon the adoption of the
resolution. He had examined into the subject,
and caused a statement to be made, showing the
books that would be printed and purchased under
the resolution, and he found it would cause a re-
print of eighty-four volumes, which would cost
the sum of #35,041 16, and under it the Clerk of
the House would purchase fifty-four volumes,
now in print, or preparing for the press, costing
the sum of $63,938, making an aggregate ex-
penditure of near £100,000; making over $1,000
in books to each of the new members of the pres-
ent Congress.
Mr. J. read a catalogue of the books, and the
cost as estimated by one of the Clerks of the
House, as follows:
I.vgersoll's resolution will cause a reprintof—
Cost estimated.
7 volumes Documents of the second session
of the Twenty Second Congress........... $3,118 «0
4 Elliott's Debates .........................     1,237 50
3 volumes Manufacturing Documents........        891 00
27 voluntes Documentó and Journal of the first
session of the Twenty Third Congress......  12,475 10
9 volumes Diplomatic Correspondence........    4,845 06
9 volumes Journal, to 1815 ...................   4,455 00
lLand Laws................................      693 00
12 volumes Documents and Journals of the sec-
ond session of the Twenty-Third Congress..   5,348 00
4 volumes Journals, to 1778....................    1,980 00
85                                                                  $33,041 16
Work* in Print.
1 Documentary History of the United States
Bank.at «4 50 each.......................    f445 60
9 Register of Debates, at $75 each.............    7,4-25 00
1 Livingston's Code, at $5 each...............      495 00
1 Commercial Regulations, at $5 each........      495 00
1 Peck's Trial, at «5 each ...................      495 00
1 Cobb's Manual, at fl each................      390 00
30 American State Papers, at $327 40 each.....32,513 60
30 Documentary History of the United States, at
$320 each................................ 30,880 00
54                                                                 463,938 10
