1B3&
THÍil ^t>NtiBflS6iWftJy:CílQBEX
■■ -•- -*■-1 - ■
Fridays, and. Saüurlajp excepte^ until the sama. sjyill bg •
finally dispoM'rl bfT   *•" •* "~   —-   '•     " ""-  "     ••«> |
Mr,., PATTON suggested to the gentleman
from Tennessee to mpdify his, resolution, oy
making the' bill  the special order for the day-
named, provided the appropriation bills should |
be previously disposed of.                                 ,    I
Sir. PEYTON would like to accommodate the
gentleman from Yirginia; but it was probable
the appropriation bills would be disposed of prior
to the day named in his resolution. If they were
hot, the measure which he desired to bring up
could be postponed to a more distant day. He ,
décfined to modify his proposition.                        j
"..OTyectibn being made to the reception or the ;
"Mr PEYTON moved to suspend the rule, to ,
enable him to offer it, and asked for the yeas and j
Hays-, which were ordered; and were—       ,.    .   |
YEAS —Mesara. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Aahley, (
feailey, Bell. Bond, Briggs, Bunch, William B. Calhoun,
Campbell, Carter, John Chambers, Childs, Nathaniel H. f
Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane, Darlington,   Deberry,
Uenny, Evans, Everett, Forester, Frenen, PhiloC. Fuller,
Rice Garland, Granger, Grennell, Griffin, Hard, Hardin, |
Harper, Samuel S. Harrison, Hazeliine, Hoar, Hopkins,
Howell, Huntsman, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Henry
Johnson, .Lawler, Lay, Luke Lea, Lewis, Lincoln, Lyon, |
Marun, Maury, McCarty, McKeruian, MOIigan, James A. j
Pearce, Peyton, Reed, Rencuer, Russell, William B. Shep- ¡
ard, Augustine H. Shepperd,  Shields,   Slnde, Spangler,
Standefer, Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Turner,
Uaderwood, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, Lewis Wuhan ,
and Wise—75.      „....■        .    .                  .   , |
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Ash, Barton, Beale,
Bean, Bockee, Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Buchanan,
-Bums, Ombreleng, Casey, Chaney, Chapín, John F. H*.
Csaiborne, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cushing,
Cushman,Doubleday,i)romgooie, Fairfield, FarUn.WiUiam
K. Fuller, Gaibraith, James Garland, Gillet, Glascock, ,
~8rantland, Haley, Hiland Hall, Homer. Hannegan, Albert
©. Hamaan,Hawea, Hawkins, Haynes, Henderson, Holsey,
Hublcy, Huntington, Inguam, Jafeez Jackson^larvn, Joseph
.Johnson, Richard M, Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin
Jonra, John W. Jones, Júdson, Kennon, Kilgore, Kionard, 1
Kt'mgcnsmith, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Gideon Lee,
Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Logan, Lucas. Job
JMann, Manning, William Mason, Moses Mason, May,
McKeon, McKua, McLeue, Montgomery, Morgan, Owens,
Page. Parker, Parks, Patterson, Patton, Dutee J. Pearce, I
Vranklln Pierce, Phelps, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, ;
Roane, Sogers, Schenck, Suyniour, Sickles, Smith, Speight,
Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Turnll, Van-
derpoel, Wegener, Ward, Wardwcll, Webster, Weeks and
Sherrod Williams—108.              ^             • ..'....
'"So tjie rule was riof'suspended.             .*.,','' ,
/    -    PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.          i
- -Petitions were presented, on leave, by Messrs.
MORGAN, EVANS, LAY, UNDERWOOD,
MAY, SEVIER, and GARLAND, of Louis-
iana; and appropriately referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
' Unfavorable reports upon  various petitions
were made by Messrs. WHITTLESEY and
GRENNELL frornthe Committee on Claims.
Mr. KINNARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Major Tarlton
Woodson; which was read twice and committed.
'" 'Mr. K., from the same committee, reported the
following resolution ¡which lies over one day for
consideration: "      ' • '' '■
Retoloeil, That the Secretary of War be directed to cause
So be selected from the Journals and acts of Congress, and
anange ki proper uuronologicalorder, all resolves and gen-
eral laws of Congress relating to the pay, half-pay, com-
mutation, and bounty lands, promised lo the officers and
privates of the revolutionary army, with references to case*
m which interest has been allowed and paid on revolution-
ary claims, together with a synopsis of toe provisions mads
for funding the domestic rcvoluuonory debts of the United
States, and for the settlement and adjustment of the ac-
counts between the several States and the United States,
embracing the periods when said accounts were settled,
and statements of the sum* of money credited to the States
respectively; the whole to form an abridged history of the
legislative proceedings of Congress in relation thereto.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Resolve*, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Purdy, Tennessee, by Colonel
John Reeves's in the Chickasaw cession, to Pomotock, in
the State of Mississippi.
í-^On motion by Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, it
was
- KetolveJ, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post routes in the State of Illinois,
to wit: From Frankfort by Bainbridge's store, to Jonesboro';
from Frankfort by Whiteside's to Golconda; from Belle-
ville to Pinckneyville; from Unity to Smithfleld on the Mis-
sissippi ; from Alton to Corlinvulp, and from Carlyle to
Greenville.
On motion bj Mfc-QAJLj^JP^&cpi^,
jrwa*vv,¿¡ ui<¡ r --¡fn hms ,m<ji 3* rft , M   ■
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be Instructed
to inquire in$o the expediency of psyiaglne dsissarThoaias
J. Lawler against the United States, which Bherewith sub-
1 mined, together with the documents ia nrpporttaereof. ~  '
|; "On mótíonby Mr. EVERETT, hwaT^^
j -RetoWel, That the Committee on ievaaa Pensjpns he
instructed to inquire into the éxpedHacr of placing, the
'    rou'of taraM pensions, on
1 name of John M. Jewell on the
i eeenent of disability ¡ucWTed during the lase «aw.  ; Akv
i     On motion by Mr. EVERETT, k-sVas  Vf *>
JtoefsW, Thai the Committee an- Rooturtoual i' Pea!.
; ateas be instructed t  inn aire into the e*pe*eacy. of roaring
toe name of Reujamiii Cox, a revolutionary soldier, on toe
pension roll-    ,          '"'...,   .-j.ft..-,.;,,uv
j ,0n motion by Mr. HOPKINS, it was „ ,. ,.
> JUsoised,. That the Committee en Revohnioaary Claiass
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of paying to
; the heirs of Lieutenant Timothy Feeley, deceased, an offi-
cer of the Revolution, attached to the Virginia Continental
Í line, full pay, with interest, for the tonca of the said
! Timothy Feeley.          ;  -.    I   |L. ..   :.,¡,V   ..if.
I.  On motion by Mr. RENCHER, it was   -j S.
Rentced, That the Committee on the Poet OfBceand
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing. 
post route bom Mocksville to HuntaviUe, i& North CaxOf
lina.    .               ...      ,■     ••■'••' v if    -u     Í
■ NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL..   '¿
Ón motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House,
in further, execution, qf the racial-aider of the
26 th of January, resolved itaelf in to a Commutes)
of the Whole on the state of the Unien, (Mr.
Hamer in the chair,) aad resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriation  for #fJie
naval service of the United States for the year
1836..   ..,,..               ..    ,iiitt ¿i  «Ji'',!f!--.«^  
The question pending was the motion by Mr.
Bell, of Tennessee, to strike out toe appropriar
tion of |67,000 for the improvement and neces-
sary repairs of the navy-yard at Potiamouth,
New Hampshire.                               •;•-    .  .  -4-
Mr. ROBERTSON resumed hia remarks,.and
commenced by adverting to the non-action of the
House upon many importan t measures which bad
passed JJie Senate.. He alsp entered,into, -re-
view of the proceedings, of both Houses last sesr
sioh, onrtlie bill for the reorganization of the Poat
Office department, and the developments elicited
by that investigation.. ThisvinTestigittion had
been forced on the majority against their will, and
though gross fraud and abuses were' unequivo-
cally pioved, yet the head, of the Department,
(Major Barry,) was retained in office,and the
clerk, whose misconduct Was proved, was permit-
ted to retire by-resignation, instead of being dis-
missed. With regard to the character of the, late
Postmaster General, he would do him the justice
to say, that he believed him to be a man "more
sinned against than sinning-," but hia official con-
duct proved him to be totally unqualified for his
j situation...He also dwelt at some length upon
j the report of the investigating committee, and
¡ read various extracts therefrom.                     ",. '_'
¡ Mr. R. condemned the manner in which toe
public deposita were now distributed among fav-
orite State banks, by which to  close a connec-
tion was kept up between the political and-the
moneyed power. He put no confidence in the
declarations that had been put forth about  hard-
money currency. He did not believe in their
sincerity; and as evidence of this he adduced
the fact that no scheme or plan for carrying such
a measure into effect had, as yet, emanated from
the Secretary of the Treasury. On the contrary,
the plain and visible effect ot all the measures of
the Administration had been to cement still closer
and perpetuate the dangerous union between the
moneyed and the political power, thereby in-
creasing and extending the amount of Executive
patronage. It was not necessary at this time to
go into the depositqueation, though he remarked
that he never had, nor ever could, believe that
the President had not, by ordering the removal
of the deposits, transcended the constitutional
power  of his office. But the friends of the Pres-
ident relied upon this very act as a defense oC the
present mode of keeping the money; for since their
removal, say'they, the public money must'be
deposited in the State banks, a concession that
begged the question, for the argument would'en-
able the President to place them at the disposal
of the Albany Regency, or anywhere else. ."? :
Mr. R. dwelt at length upon the illegality of the
=3C=
IsttrPf «movJW th^eaMtfcdswaits, jwthM «9
«MpmptiMtf Í.DO werou. Uigflaifcofthe jtaejafltfe -
and as a breach pf the section 0/ the bank eftar-
teepijOY/idtntr for. their Joeing placed, in Jhat in/^.
tutipn. , He also main wned.tbat the country woe
ia Jar more danger from the uncontrolled  f jeg-
•esumed by .^Executive pret the pubk^saonigr
Aan-Mything tie J #kieou'^ 8'*r d*« run*?*
-,;Mx.,R. then wtvertód .to the. disciuwqn on «e
Jo#*of the fortification bill, of, la#t session, tf
■Which tb«, proof wa#oip.c<?ptroveruble;,that, tha¿
Ipsa, was caused by the majority pf the Houaa,
and  ot.-by the Senate, la proof of this, he rtr
ferred-.to Ú>« votes recorded on the Journal, -aad
the declaration at that time by Mr. CamsjulkmOj
that there,.was no quotum, This he designated
<M a V^TOtuitpus assumption "jen the jjart #f jhft
gentleman, «pad it;W*a the signal,under which,the
&11 ^* J  i. fpr tbere wo*, no quorum faupd
afterwards, though there was an gvident quoriwi
ia^nd about the-Hall. The minority did notd«r
sire the loss of that bill, and he was himself anv
ious ¿ha}41 should hn,ve passed- ,^« referred ü>
the-fact of the President Jiavuig privately rpade
known his approbation of the 3iree_ million- jjn-
' propriatiou to ivfe\r of his friends, without send,-
tng that recommendation to Congress in (V.ufuid
way., ..This pffered another proof of tho growing
Executive jjiflqencepvermerabers of thft^ogscL
Mr. IL adyerted to, the dispute with xfran.es,, ,anf
«•ngratulate^ the country at the result; f^ft-M 
the manner in which the.Florida campaign,h|i
been condicted, he had very little, confideiicajp
the military skill of the h.eadof the War Depar*-
ment. ..,TufBe major generaht ktAbtonMMibm
Is^nst^fs^JieMWyt^MdjaMpuuv^ibne
they commanded; a large amoujit ofmprjey.l>ad
.been already expended,   d 40. ope could see;|be
probable texmtnation pf thsconteat, W'ubJlfWr
ence again,', ¿i* the French miestipn, he censurad
the.coirrac of the PreaideptXor recpmmendjng «-
jwiaála and other: measuresj the effect of ,w«iejs
would have been to criden the breach between lee
two-countiiea,. The article.jn,J,he. ¿^aiipniijüt-
telligencer, stating that the people o( she PftMvi
States .would not sustain the recqmmeQdat«*n« «f.
the President, Mr. R. contended wan not .likely
to produce, ¿he pj%c* upon &e Frwsh tlfcamfcera
OC Government that had been ascribed to, it, • 1 v
, Mr. GARLAND briefly explained^. Tfc* *tr
ticles in tlje, National Intelligenoer persisted.in
the assertion that the message con veyed a menace,
and that the French Government ought ^0>ta.con-
sider it; and they also stated' tjiat the: people of
the United States would not sustain tnsir awn
Executive in htf recommepdatipns. He had deit
said a word about the motives qf the,parties, bat
had staled the fact as it was.- ,- ., ^tott 1^-vif.
.Mr. ROBERTSON resumed, and proceeded to
describe the rapid growth Qf executive power ia
this country, 09th from the act  and. profession 
of the party now in power, and the contrast they
preseqted Va the conduct and declaration ,#£the
Republican party in 1826. A strong proof of
this wna seen in the patronage of party presaea
throughout the country, and more particularly
one at the seat of Government, with an amount
of, patronage, Uttls, if at all, short o£«n. asauai
sum of one hundred thousand dollars.- Is refer-
ence to this subject he again read variouipaMagea
from the report, of the retrenchment committee.
That wa  the doctrine of the Republican party pf
1826-'27, which had for its object to curtail ex-
ecutive power; the now dominant patty wesa>nn
the contrary, doing all they could t  extend it.
In connection with this Mr. R. reearotd tO"<fce
notion of the last session, on a proposition by
himself, to^diaconnect the office pf puMiq pastier '
with that of the editors of papers, and the «sport
on the same subject (made by Mr. Hamsji) «am a
similar proposition ata farmer session. He .dwelt
at length on the dangerous consequences, resulting
and. to. be apprehended Croat thi . union between
the public patronage and the political pre* * ■. Mr.
R. then sent te the Clerk '«tapie, to be read t*. the
House, General Jackson'  letter to the BeiuMr.
Gwin; and, after it had been read, be commented
upon, it with great severity, as being an:oleetion-
eerjng attempt in support of Mr. Van Bur* , ami
in opposition to Judge. White.   He aleo ad vested
to the Baltimore a ventionkand other rec«ni >ro-
ceedings of the Administration part7 *3«*'*nK:™
