332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
on paper, which touched the subject of slavery. ||
Whoever eterosed the office of deputy postmas-
ter with ihes*1 penalties hanging over his head,
would naturally be vigilant in detecting papers that
w en prolubitt d.and it an v vv ere found they would
be rejected and thrown out of his office. What-
ever his imagination connected with it must pass
undei tli" barot Ins |udgment. It would be rlaira-
lii? on tin patt of tin Government a monopoly,
anVxilusive rtsfht either to send such papus as
it plnsed, or to dtny the privilege of sending
them through the mail. Once establish the pre-
cedent, and win re would it lend to' The Gov-
ernment might take it into its head to inhibit the
transmission of political, religious, or even moral
or philosophical publication, in which it might
fancy then was something offensive, and under
this "reserved right contended for in this report it
would he the duty of the Government to carry it
into ilTict It would be an invasion of the liber-
ties ot the country, of the press, and virtually a
denial of the ri^ht of trial by jury; for the person
who deposits a paper in the post office is not
present or inquired of when the deputy postmas-
ter exercise the powir over his ngnts.
If an essiy upon education reached the post
office, and the postmaster should find out that it
was not the policy to educate slaves, and that
there was a law prohibiting it, its transmission
must be prohibited. If, in a discussion of the
great principles of civil liberty, slavery might
happen to be incidentally mentioned or touched,
its transmission must, therefore, be prohibited.
In short, there was scarcely any subject that
could be approached in which it might not, in the
imagination of postmasters, be construed as re-
lating to slavery. Whatever might be prohibited
by any one State was, under tins act, to be cn-
foiced. Different States might have different
enactments, consequently, there would be an en-
tire want of uniformity in the J: ws on the sub-
ject.
There were other rights and powers to be en-
joyed, equally important, with which the rights
neie claimed ought not to come in conflict. Mr.
D. spoke of the great difficulty in determining
what were, and what were not, incendiary papers,
and read an allegation, contained in a bill of in-
dictment found by a grand jury in Alabama,
against Joseph G. Williams, of Sew York, in
September, 1835, for publications in a newspaper,
and who was demanded from the Executive of
New York for trial under it. The charge was,
that he feloniously, wickedly, and seditiously
caused to be published that "God commanded,
all nature cued out, that human beings should not
be held in bondage." Mr. D.introduced this to
show how far the doctrine went, which was very
important to know. What had been alleged in
that indictment would never have been thought
of by any gentleman, not a resident of a slave-
holding State, as criminal. Then wheie were the
boundancs to show what was tobe included, and
w hat excluded, from transmission by mail> To
admit the right to suppress carried with it the
right to circulate or not at pleasure. Instead of
doing it thiough its own power, the General Gov-
ernment was to use the power of the State. The
report said the power did not belong to the Gene-
ral Government to determine what was scandal-
ous or libelous, or what was not, but that right
belonged to the States.
Mi. D. said, wherever there were powers re-
posed in the Government there were correspond-
ing duties, and spoke of the powers and duties
of the post office establishment. He denied the
right of the Government to exercise a power in-
directly whidi it could notexercise directly; and,
if there was no direct power in the Constitution,
he would like to know how they would get the
power of the States, which was a legislative pow  r
at most. He asked if the State of South Caro-
lina could give a power to the General Govern-
ment not contained in the Constitution of the
United States > The act of 1803 had been quoted,
by which this Government prohibited the im-
portation of slaves from abroad. That act was
meant to inhibit slavery, and was not applicable
to the non-slaveholding States. In Massachu-
setts there was no occasion for the assistance of
this Government. Slaves could, by her laws, be
■nade free the moment they placed their feet on
her shores. It was, therefore, intended to be con-
fined to the slave-holding States. If there was
any great existing evil, which called for a rem-
edy, the State Legislatuits could make it penal
to cnculate these publications; and when that
should be found inadequate it w ould be time
enough to take measures to change the whole
policy of the Government.
Mi. CALHOUN said that the Senatoi from
Massachusetts had ceitamly raised a very im-
portant point, and he could not do justice to his
argument and to himself without previously ar-
ranging the vanous points of it. The Senator,
however, was mistaken in his view of the sub-
led It was because the subject particularly be-
longed to the States, and it was the duty of the
General Government to aid and cooperate with
them in carrying their laws into effect, that the
bill was named. He ventured to assert that, not
only did this duty íesult from the relations be-
tween the States and the Federal Government,
but that it was an indispensable duty. The prin-
ciple was not a new one, it had been applied
more than once; but it was an old piinciplo ap-
plied to a new case He threw out these hints
to prevent any erroneous impressions resulting
from the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate
then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 7, 1836.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Robert Smith; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. McKEON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the erection of a public
store at the quarantine ground, Staten Island;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. P. C. PULLER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
McMahon, which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Bennet and others; which was read twice, and
ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported the following
joint resolution:
Resolved btf the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary ot VV ar be, and he is hereby, directed to be
ctu-ed to be surveyed, by a sufficient number of competent
engineers, the inundated land-- on the Mississippi river, the
Missouri, the St Francis, the Arkansas, and Red river, and
that he report to Congress, as soon as the tame is done, the
practicability ot reclaiming the same, and of removing the
obstructions from said river ; the best mode of doing the
«ame; the amount of money which it will cost to accomplish
■t, the quantity, quality, and estimated value, of the lands
that may be so reclaimed ; and the effects which sueli works
may have upon ihe health and prosperity ot the country.
The resolution was read twice.
Mr. WISE inquned of the gentleman from
Missouri, whether the resolution proposed to
survey all the inundated lands on the Mississippi
river and its tributaries '
Mi HARRISON, of Missouri, remaiked that
this subject had been before Congress for several
years; and the Committee on Public Lands had
carefully examined the subject and had submitted
a long report in relation to the same, which he
should move to have printed. The information
in possession of the committee was imperfect, but
it was believed that twenty millions of acres of
land of the best quality, on the Mississippi nver
and its tributaries, which were now either inun-
dated or covered with swamps, mightbe reclaimed.
The committee had, however, assumed that there
were certainly ten millions of acres, thus situated
which would, if reclaimed, sell for five dollars per
acre, and yield $50,000,000. The entire cost of
reclaiming and surveying these lands would be
fiom two to three millions of dollars. The sub-
ject was one of much importance, and he would
move to commit the resolution, and report to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that the same be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, adverted to the
! importance of the subject, and moved to print five
thousand extra copies of the report
The motion was received, when
Mr. GARLAND moved to consider it at that
time, (the rule requiring the motion to he one
day;) which was objected to.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GRENNELL ask. d the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution:
Resohed, That the Committee ot VVnvs and Means be
instructed to report a bill lor the distribution, toi a limited
time, ot the net proceeds of the sales ol the public lands
among the s( veial States of the Union according to their
respective Federal population, as ascertained by the last
census ol the United states, with such reservations of land
or money in favor ot the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Mi-souri, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama, as may be
just, equitable, and expedient
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, suggested that
the subject embraced in the íesolution was already
before the House in a resolution submitted by
himself.
The CHAIR remaiked, that the propositions
were not identical in every particular.
Objection being made to the reception of the
resolution,
Mr. GRENNELL moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer it, and asked for the yeas
and nays on the motion; which were oidered, and
were—yeas 63, nays 108, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Chilton* Allan, Heman Allen,
Bailev,Bell, Bond, William B Calhoun,Campbell,Carter,
John Chambers, Clark, Crane, Cuslnng, Deberry, Denny,
Evans, Everett, Trench, Philo C Fuller, Granger, Graves,
Grennell, Griffin, Hardin, Hard, Harper, Haxeltme, Hen-
derson, Hoar, Howell, Ingersoll, Janes, Henry Johnson,
Kinnard, Lawrence, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Job Mann, Mc-
Comas, McKennan, Mercer, Morn , Parker, Dutee J.
Pearce, James A Pearce, Pettigrew, Reed, Uencher, Rip-
ley, Russell, Augustine H Shepperd, Spangler, Standefei,
Taliaferro, Waddv Thompson, Turner, Underwood, Vin-
ton, Washington, Webster, White, Whittlesey, and Wise—
63.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Buchanan,
Bunch, Burns, Cambreleng, Casey, Chaney, Chapín, Na-
thaniel H Claiborne, John F H Claiborne, Coffee, Conner,
Craig, Cramer, Cushman, Dottbledav, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Effner, Fairfield, Farhn, Fry, William K Fuller, Galbraith,
Gillet, Glasscock, Grantland, Grayson, Halcv, Joseph Hall,
Hamer, Hannegan, Samu 1 S Harrison Albert G Harri-
son, Hawes, Havnes, Hopkins, Hubli v, Huntington, Hunts-
man, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson,
Richard M Johnson, Cave John on, John W Jones, Ben-
jamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Khngensmith,
Lane, Lawler, Gideon Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lewis,
Logan, Lyon, Manning, Martin, Moses Mason, William
Mason, Maurv, Mav, McKeon, McKim, McLene, Mont-
gomery, Morgan, Owens, Page, Parke, Patterson, Patton,
Franklin Pierce, Phelps, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds,
Roane, Robertson, Schenek, Seymour, Shield , Sickles,
Smith, Speight, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Toucey,
Turrill, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Week , and Sherrod
Williams—108.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
ORGANIZATION OF THE MILITIA.
On motion by Mr. LINCOLN, it was
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies of the
bill reported by the Committee on the Militia, entitled "A
bill to provide more effeetuilly tor the national defense,
by organizing, arming, and establishing a uniform militia
throughout the United States, and to provide for the dis-
eiplme thereof," be printed for the u e of the House.
NEW POST ROUTES.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of New York, it
was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roids be directed to inquire into the expediency ot
establishing a mail route from Ithica, in Tompkins countv
and State of New York, through the towns ot Green, Ox-
ford, Monnt Upton, in Chenango county ; Otsdewa, Gil
b"rtsville and Oneonta, in the county of Otsego, West
Harpersfi"ld, Stamford, Davenport, Center, and Davenport,
in the county of Delaware, to Catskill, in the county ot
Greene; and that the committee further inquire into the
propriety ot discontinuing the mail route lrom Oxford to
Coopcmown so far as Gilbertsville, twenty miles, and from
Oneonta to Gilbertsville, sixteen miles; and fiom West
Harpersfield, to Oneonta, twenty miles
On motion by Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Revolted, That the Committee on the Post Orhce and
| Po*t Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Taneyvüle, by Hiddleson's,
in Davidson township, Lycoming county, to Columbus, Lu-
j "¡erne county, Pennsylvania
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC,
Petitions and  memorials were presented, on
I  leave, by Messrs. TOUCEY and MERCER, and
I appropriately referred.
I     Mr. McKIM presented certain joint resolutions
, of  the  Legislature  of the State  of Maryland;
I which were referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
