THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BV BLAIR &. RIVES.
First Session-, Ü4th Congress.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
WEDNESDAY, APRTL 13, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 22.
<■>:;'v that wre oiTensive to that body, or some
m ¡n'vr of i,s
Mr. CROWN replied that he would vote to
n leet petitions that violated the rules of the Sen-
nt-> bv the use of language indecorous towards
individual members of the body, or to the body
itself—rules which every parliamentary body had
adopted.
Mr. MANGUMsaid he had so understood his
colleague; but it was with undisguised astonish-
ni nt that he heard such doctrines pronounced
bv those who sot up as the exclusive represent-
atives o!" the Democracy of the South. Sir, (said
he,) w!o ¡rave us the right to exclude petitions
because offensive to ourselves, and not to exclude
them when they use oiTensive terms in reference
to our constituents? Who are we (said he) that
we are not to be touched but our feelings are
outraged1 and this great constitutional right of
netition, about which so much has been said, is
s be violated if our honor is called in question ?
He scouted such doctrine. If (said he) we have
■he right to reject petitions because our persons
ire reflected on, are we to be silent when eleven
sovereign S'ati-s are reflected on in terms of the
jrnsst st abuse, and denounced as dealers in human
flesh, and liken d to pirates5 He should like to
see how those gentlemen who affected to be the
exclusive re or sentatives of the Democracy of the
South shielded themselves from tin's dilemma.
W.;e this a part of the Democracy of the day, and
the docri'.ie of those who, par excellence, termed
themselves th? real Democrats, abhorring every
thing in the shape of aristocracy?
He claimed for himself no exemption that he
did not claim for those he represented; and when
he could not cause the rejecti m of petitions out-
raging their feelings, he would claim no exemp-
tion for his own. They had been told by his col-
league, that these petitions were offensive enough.
He should like to know from him when they
would be too much so ? They had seen a won-
derful facility in gentlemen endeavoring to lessen
the odium of these abolition petitions. He had
seen it in their endeavoring to prove that there
was nothing to be apprehended from all these
abolition petitions; th.it the whole was confined
to a miserable, contemptible party; and vet the
wings of every wind from the North had blown
upon these petitions and publications on the sub-
ject, without number. He himself had no fiars.
The Abolitionists mightgoonsubsidizingpresses,
and inundating the country with their publica-
tions and petitions. The South, if united, was
able to protect itself against the whole non-slavc-
holding world. The real danger consisted in the
South being divided—in their"being put to sleep
by calling out, "All's well!" while the storm
was gathering over their heads.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to say, that the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Brown] was utterly
mistaken, when he said that he (Mr. C.) voted
to receive a petition on this subject. No vote of
his would be found on the Journal. He might
have suffered petitions to pass at former session ,
when there were butf,.w of them presented. He
confessed he had neglected this matter too long.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Brows] said he (Mr. C.) had not made good his
word. He (Mr. C.) thought the expressions in
the petition to which he had referred were as
strong as the terms used by him. It seemed,
however, that the Senator cared for nothing but
the precise words. He had shown that these
petitions likened his constituents to pirates, and
spoke of them as dealers in human flesh. This,
he thought, was sufficiently strong to make good
his position.
Mr. WALKER said that he did not rise to
embark in any discussion of the abolition ques-
tion, but to state some facts to the Senate. It
-liad been said by the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Preston,] that twenty-eight thousand
memorialists had subscribed these abolition peti-
tions.   Mr. W. said that, feeling a deep interest
22
in this question, he had looked at the names of
the subscribers to these petitions, and found that
a myority, or nearly a m ijoritv, of the whole
number appeared to be females. [Here Mr. Pres-
ton said thirteen thousand were females.] Mr.
W. remarked, that of the remainder it was per-
fectly obvious, on the slightest inspection, that a
va3t number were children; many of the names
are made up of entire families, including all the
children, male and female, and repeatedly all
written by the same hand. Mr. W. even be-
lieved that at least three fourths of these peti-
tioners were children or females; hut the whole
number would constitute but a small portion of a
Republic embracing now apopulat.o.i pro'vibly of
fifteen millions. Mr. W. said he would make
one further remark on this subject; he did it with
regret; he had been pained to s e the names of so
many American females to these petitions. It
appeared to him exceedingly indelicate that sensi-
tive females of shrinking modesty should pre-
sent their names here as petitioners, in relation
to the domestic institutions of the South, or of
this District. Surely they would be m ich bet-
tereniployed in attending to their dom 'Stic duties
as mothers, sisters, wives, and daughters, than
in interfering with a matter in regard to which
they were entirely ignorant. Mr. W. said, he
believed if the ladies and Sunday-school children
would let us alone, there would be but f< w abo-
lition petitions. At all events, the l.idu s and
children could only be a sueject of ridicule, and
not of alarm, to tiie people of the South: m ire
especially would the South not be alarmed by a
few women and children, when we have thisd ly
presented to us the resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Maine, unanimously con-
demning abolitionism in a manner admitted to
be satisfactory by the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Preston] himself.
Mr. BROWN observed that it was with very
profound regret that he rose to detain the Senate
for a single moment. Nothing could have been
more unexpected to him when he took his seat
this morning, than to be engaged in a discussion
of this nature; and he much regretted that he was
now compelled, in self-defense, to continue that
discussion. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] said he never voted to refer peti-
tions of this kind to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and that no such vote of his was to
1 be found recorded on the Journal. Mark the
words, Mr President, " recordidon the J.urnal."
But there were numerous petitions on this very
subject, both at the last session and the se.-sion
before, that were unanimously referred to the
Committee on the District without one word be-
ing heard from any quarter in disapprobation.
Now he would ask, was it probable that the gen-
tleman wasabsenton all these different occasions?
Would it be pretended for a moment that, when
the question was propounded, " Shall these peti-
tions be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia?" and no member objecting—would
it be pretended for a moment, when such a ques-
tion was propounded, and the gentleman from
South Carolina sanctioned the reference by his
silence, that he did not vote for it as essentially
as if his name had been recorded on the Journal?
Indeed, (said Mr. B.,) the denial of the Senator
that any such vote of his was recorded on the
Journal was a distinction without a difference.
His colleague [Mr. Mavgcm] had made .some
remarks that he (Mr. b.) thought, at any rate,
were pointed with no little application to himself.
That gentleman, too, had discovered that it was
one of the unpardonable sins of a southern rep-
resentative against southern rights to vote for the
reception and reference of petitions on the sulject
of abolition-votes, let it be remembered, that had
been given from the earliest periods of our legisla-
tive history, by as high-minded, chivalrous, and
patriotic rcpubl.c ins of the South—Democrats if
I it suited the gentleman better—as any who now
I claimed tobe the exclusive advocates of southern
¡ rights. He would venture to assert that there
: was no southern ivpres ■ntative wh > took his seat
previous to the present session but had given
the same vote. They, too, had committed this
unpardonable sin; but the hidden influences of
this mysterious session of 133G had suddenly dis-
solved the sleep in which they were enwrapped;
and they had as suddenly discovered that it was
an outrage on southern rights and southern honor
to receive petitions of the same nature wiih those
they had voted to receive and refer again and
again.
Mr. MANGUM here interrupted Mr. Brown,
by saying that he never gave such votes.
Mr. B .OWN continued. He would ask the
gentleman if he was not present when abolition
petitions were received, and when the question
was propounded, " Shall the petitions be refi rrcd
to the Committee on the District of Columbia?
and whether he did not, by making no o'jetion
to the reception and reference, give his unquali-
fied acquiescence to both ?
Mr. MANGUM said that he did not know
whether he was present on such occasions.
Mr. BROWN resumed. But there was one
petition that had been presented as late as the com-
mencement of the present session, when thehon-
orablegentleman from Tenn ssee [Mr. Grundy]
moved to lay it on the table. He believed that
his colleague was in his seat when that motion
was made, and he did not remember that he made
any objections to it. His colleague had thought
proper to indulge in som" gratuitous advice to
him, as to what ought t> characterize the conduct
of a southern representative, when petitions re-
flecting on his constituents were presented. lie
was not in the habit of gratuitously giving Ins
advice to any one, much less to h s colleague;
but, if he was, he might say to him, that he who
was so ready to give gratuitous lectures to others
ought to learn first to obey them, and that very
wholesome admonition had be..n given him from
a highly respected source, which he would do well
maturely to consider.
It was said, both by the Senator from South
! Carolina and by his colleague, that tie ought to
have resisted the reception of these ] editions, be-
¡ cause; they Were offensive and indecorous in iheir
, language tothose whom he represented. What,sir,
', (said M.. B.,)  petitions fr >m women, and from
a parcel of children! -for it had been proved that
a large number of these petitioners were women
and children.  What, sir, (said Mr. B.,) my high-
minded and intelligent constituents offended  at
the impotent acts of ignorant and deluded minors
and females!    Sir, (said he,) my constituents are
possessed of a degree of intelligence, gallantry,
and high-miiidedne8s, that would give a different
answer to these ignorant and misguided petition
crs than that proposed by my colleague. It wouk
be that of silent contempt.
Without going any further on this part oí the
subject, he would express it as his solemn belief
before God and the whole world, that all this agita-
tion and excitement on the su ject of abolition,
had not been produced by the miserable fanatics
of whom so much had been said that session; but
it had resulted, in part, from the designs of a more
sagacious political party, for the purpose of oper-
ating on the South at an important crisis. The
time at which it had commenced, the manner in
which it had been carried on, the avidity with
which it had been seized upon and trumpeted
forth by the presses of a certain party at the
South—all these had produced, in his mind, a
conviction that it would require a world of proof
to shake. The. time when these incendiary pub-
lications were first thrown abroad in such masses,
was when the elections in North Carolina, Ala-
bama, and Tennessee, and shortly afterwards in
Georgia, were about to commence; it was on the
eve of the important elections in those States,
that these publications were precipitated upo;i
the South; and yet it had been said that these
incendiaries were the friends of the party now in
