1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
as cheat a* dirt. The Governor of Ohio received
on'\ -l.ll'iO ,i veai; and the judies of the supe-
rior com is in tint ¡State $l,35i), where In ma; was
almost do ible w h,\t it would be n  Wisconsin for
m.\ny yeirs (o come.
Mi. "WISH would suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio, dial the amount of salary was a mat-
ter ot perfect mdiiVi rence to the man who might
he appointed Governor of this Territory, where
t'i> ii was such an abundance of the public lands
to lie ¡jot hold of. Dy combining the two offices
of Gov  mor and sun.Tiutendentof Indian affairs,
it was a mattei of indifference whether you give
linn one cent or one million, for he would be sure
to get enoiuj'i out of the public Treasury some
way or another.
Mr. JOHNsON, of Tennessee, inquired how-
much the Governor of Michigan received?
Mr. ASHLEY replied that he understood he
received $1,500 for his service as Governor, and
he formerly received an additional salary of §1,0U0
as superintendent of Indian affairs, a mode of
payment which he briefly advocated on the ground
that the duties of superintendent of Indian affairs
would be shortly abolished on the removal of the
Indians to the West. He was also in favor of a
liberal salary, for the labor and responsibility
would be gr^at, and the expenses more than gen-
tlemen were awaie of.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that the salary of the
Governor of Arkaisis was $2,000, and he for-
merly received an additional  $500 for his extra
ieTVjCeS.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays on Mr. Vivtox's amend-
ment, but t'iey were not ordered; and the amend-
ment was then rejected—ayes 75, noes 76.
Mr. Underwood's amendment was then agreed
to.
Mr. HARDIN moved to strike out" $5,000;"
aud insert " $°.,00U," in the clause providing for
the purchase of a library for the Government;
which was lost—ayes 68, noes 72.
Mr. HOWELL proposed an amendment with
reference to the boundary; which, after being
opposed by Messrs. JON ES, of Michigan, H A R-
DIN, THOMAS. TOÜCEY,and HÁMER, was
rejected without a count.
Air. CUSHMAN moved to amend the c'ause
relative to the duration of the terms of the judges,
by striking out •' during good behavior," and in-
serting " for five yea  J."
Mr. SEVIER suggested that it be made four
years—the same as it was in Arkansas; which
Mr. CcsriMt.v accepted as a modification.
Mr. WlbE asked for the yi as and nays on this
amendment; winch being ordered—
Mr. W. addressed the House in opposition to
the amendment, on the ground that it was an
innovation, the tendency of w ¡uch was to increase
executive patronage. The only tenure heretofore
had been during good behavior; and the judicial
office was the only one where the President of the
United States could not remove an officer after he
was once appointed. If this amendment should
be adopted, at the end of four years a worthy
judge might be turned out, and an unworthy
favorite might be put in. It was the introduction
of a new and dangerous principle in the Federal
judiciary, and one- he trusted never to see adopted.
Mr. LANE said a few words in support of the
amendment.
Mr. SPEIGHT appealed to the mover to with-
draw it.
Mr. WISE then read the following clause of
the Constitution of the United States:
'• The. judicial power of the United State  «ball be vested
in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as the
Congress may from tune to tune ordain and establish. The
judges, both of the Supreme and inferior courts, shad hold
their offices during gjod btktnor, and «hall, «mated times,
receive lor their services a compensation which shall not
be diminished during their continuance in office."
Mr. W. read this section to the House (he
said) as persuasive authority to the House to
establish the same principle in the Territories.
Mr. HAMER denied that this amendment pro-
fose-d the introduction of a new principle; for
Congress had changed the act with reference to
Michigan about the year 1826 or 1827; and in
Arkansas the same principle had also been estab-
lished, and was still in force. The gentleman
from Virginia was correct as to the courts of the
United States in the Slatti: but this wa«¡ the first
time he had heard that Congress h id not the
power to piss a law having force in the Ternto-
ues alone.
Mr. HOAR opposed the amendment on the
sime ground taken by Mr. Wise, that it would
be an innovation, and a very dangerous one, upon
the Constitution of the United States. If the
principle had been be-fore adopted, it must have
been an -vet of inadvertence.
Mr. PEARCE, of M iiyland, a member of the
Committee on the Territories, explained that this
subject had been under discussion m that com-
mittee. He referred to the clause of the C insti-
tution, and maintained that no distinction could
be fairly drawn between the Unite! States judi-
ciary in the States and that in the Territories.
Mr. TOUCEY would prefer to have the am 'nd-
ment withdrawn, for it was a matter of very little
import, since m two or three years fiom this
lime, Wisconsin would be entitled to admission
into the Union, and therefore the judges would
go out of office, as a matter of course, befoie the
term contemplatid by t\e amendment. He, there-
for. , appealed to the gentleman fiom New Hamp-
shire to wi hdravv it.
Mr. CUSHMAN, premising that he was one
of the ñlends of the bill, and therefore u lwilling
to de'ay it, for he had no idea that the amendment
would have provoked a protracted discussion, ac-
cordingly withdrew it.
The amendments concurred in were then or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
having been engro-si-d, the bill, as amen Jed, was
then read the third time and passed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked the consent of the
House to offer the following resolutions; which
were read for information:
RETRENCHMENT OF PUBLIC EXPENSES.
1. Revolted, That a «elect committee be appointed, whose
duty it shall be lo inquire and report to thii llou^e what re-
trenchments, u am, can be made, with safety to the public
interests, in the annual expanse:) of Congress.
2. Resolta!, That a select committee b  appointed, whose
duty it shall be to inquire and report to [hi-, llou -e whether
any retrenchment can be made, with sa.ety to the public ¡n
terest, in ilie expense; of the Treasury Dep.irtni ent; whether*
an effective system of accountability for the collection and
disbursement o" the public money 13 there  established;
whether bulks be necessary for the fiscal purposes of this
Government; whether the intercourse 01 the Department
with the depoiit ban'is, on any of them, has been, or is
conducted, through the instrumentality of an intermediary
asent; if so, whether such ag^nt receives compensation for
his services ; and if "O, by whom the same is paid ; and
whether communications i>otwe"n such azent and the De-
partment are verbal, or in wriüng, and regirded liv the De-
p irtment as public and official, or private and confidential;
whether iti-*,or has be"n, the practice of the D^pirun 'lit to
make transfers of public mo.iev from one bank or place of
depo-.it to another, lor the accommodation, u e, or benefit
of banking institutions, or for anj other purple thnn to
meet the evidencie* of the Government; w.iether it 1-, or
ha- been the p actice or u-nge o ' the D partmenU to draw
from the Treasury money appropriated for the public serv ice,
in --urn' not nee -ssary for immediate u e; i''-o, to what ex-
tent and for what purpo e; and whether, in any case, pay
menu of monev are, or have b en made or authorized, out
of money in the hand- o*-public co.lectors, or in places of
AepoM, without previous appropriation or previous war-
rant.
3. Resolved, That a select committee be appointed, whose
duty it shall be to inquire and report to tin- Hiu.-e what re-
trenchments, if any, can be mad1 with salety to the public
intere t, in the expenses of the Navy Departm"nt.
4.  Reioliel, That a select committee be appointed, whose
duty it shall be to inquire and report to this Hou^e what re
trenclunents, if any, can be made in the expenses of the
Department of War.
5 Rejoire-f, That a select committee be appointed, whose
duty it shall be to inquire and report to this Ilou-e what |
retrenchments, if any, can be made with sa'ety to tne public 1
interest, in the expen-es of the ■departm"nt of Indian af-
1 fairs ; whether anv defects exist in the organization or reg-
ulation of the «aid department, or abuses in the m.inage
mentof its affairs; and, if so, in what manner the same
should be corrected or prevented.
6. Resohei, That a «elect committee be appointed, whose 1
duty it shall be to inquire, and report to this Hou e what
retrenchment, if any, can be made with safety to the public
interest, in the exp-n-es of the General Land Office, and '
bounty land office; whether any defects exi-t in the organ- !
ization or regulations of said nflic 's. or neglect of duties ,
confided to tho,e who have the management or «uperm
tendency of the «aid office-!; and, if so, the be«t means of
remedving such defects, or of correcting and  preventing
\ «uch abuses.   Also, to inquire what abuses or fraud-, if
1 anv, have taken place, or exist in the management of the
•al<"8 of the public land, by the regi-ters or receivers of the '
J several land offices, or by other p -r-on<; whether anv ilie- ,
gal or improper speculations have been entered into by the 1
sifid registers or receivers'in the lands sold by th'ein. or in '
the Indian reservations ; whether the said registers or re-
I' c-'iver-,o' anv ot them, have received compensation from
11 r-11 1^ ipoUiug to h'cnui * putchn-cr of the public lnnds,
or !i iv ■ b c inn" niter - t'il in th.ir pureli i-c-; whether the
-aid recen-, r- h iv mIiiIj and faith!uih pud ov -Mil'moneys
received bv them aecoriliui to instructions Irom theTieas-
ury Department; nnd, in general, to inquire into the man-
agement 01 the offices of the said registers and receivers,
and uno the manner of making sales or purchases of public
land- ; to point out the defects or frauds, if any, 111 -uch
management and sales, and suggest such measures as the
pulilic interest may require.
7   lie j.'' c I, That 1 -elect committee be appointed, whose
du'v it -hall he torcvi-e the law-relative to the privilege of
franking : to inquire into thecvpedienev of limiting, or more
aceuiiiteh defining, the said pnvilege; ot atilhouzing the
trail-mi—1011 o! all public documents, official communica-
tion-, and lieu -pap 'is, fiee of po-tage, and of incrcd-ing
t'ie |n H'cup-m nng.i/.itie-and piinpfilets, other than those
piib.i Ii 'd Ii, onl t o, C'ongie-s, or either Hou-e thereof.
8   Resolt.al, That the several committees appointed to
inquiic into the c\pediciie\ ot retrenching the expenses of
Ilie -evei.il Depirtment-,lie instructed to inquire whether
am alm-es e\i-t 111 soliciting or procuring clerk-hips or np-
piint'ii"nts 111 th" same, a id 111 the payment or receipt of
the 1.1I iries annexed to -uch clerkships or appointment .
9. Re jleel. That each of the foregoing committees be
aii'lion?ed to -end for person- and papers, and to report by
bill or othenw-e
0'ijcction beir>g made,
Mr. MILL1GAN moved to suspend the rules,
in older to enable the gentleman from Virginia to
submit Ins resolutions, and asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion; winch were ordered, and
were—yeas 13, nays 83.
Sj the House refused to suspend the rules,
(two thirds being necessary,) ana the resolutions
weie not received.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The CHAIR laid before the House a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, transmitting
statements of the accounts and disbursements of
Indian agents; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
The bill to authorize a compromise, and to
secure to the United States the title to the Pea
Patch Island, in the river Delaware, was taken up.
After some remarks by Messrs. MILLIGAN,
THOMSON of Ohio, and HARDIN, the latter
moved to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until Friday next.
Some suggestions were made by several mem-
bers in reference to the proposed postponement,
and also explanatory statements connected with
the propriety of passing the bill; when
¡I     Mr. LANE moved an adjournment; which car-
|  ried, and
I      The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 9, 1836.
Mr. ROBERTSON rose and asked leave to
make a brief statement to the House, connected
with the subject of one of the resolutions sub-
mitted by him on yesterday.
Objections being made,
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the gentleman
would be allowed to make his explanation.
No objection being then made, Mr. ROBERT-
SON proceeded. The resolution to which he
referred was the 10th of the series submitted by
him, as follows:
Resolrci, That it b" a standing rule of this House, that,
in the appointment of all committees, standing or select,
by the ¡-p-akcr, it -hall b° Ins duty to appoint a majority, at
the l"i-t, of the member* thereof, without respect to party,
of the individuals in his judgment most competent and most
di-po-ed to p-rform the duties prescribed to bald committees
respectively, and promote the objects contemplated in their
appointment.
Mr. ROBERTSON said it would be recollected
by the House, that on yesterday he offered a
sc rics of resolutions, havingchiefly for their object
the appointment of a number of investigating
committees on the great and interesting subject
of rctrenchm Mit and reform. Subjoined to these
resolutions was one proposing an alteration in
the manner and rule of appointing the «landing
committees of that House, and much to his sur-
Erise he found that this resolution was construed
y gentlemen on both sides of the House as im-
plying a direct can sure upon the present Speaker,
and calculated to wound his feelings. He now
rose for the purpose of frankly and voluntarily
disavowing any such intention; and further, to
state  explicitly his inducement for offering it.
