342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
T-ie -rsnl.t.-ii v-isvoryhnstlydriwnbvhimin
1, s <,, „ n,.M moments only befn-c lie submitted
, bit ' Ju nits ip->os,e, noi nti.id a loconv v
the íJ i, -_rU ill pi. suit biKoktr had dtpait.il
fiorn i i.'o di nrv usigc and ruk in the manner
i i w 'iuh Me h"d annotntrd the committees of t ie
House" Oi the ióntiary, Mi. R supposed that
tin biieaku had done nothing moie than conform
to that us ige - a usage that had prevailed, for aught
he knew, as far back as the ougin of the Govern-
ment. Mr R 's sole object (he said) in that n s-
olution, was to embody what he held to be the
true parhamentaiy usage in the formation of com-
mittees, that the' membeis should be selected
sol. Iv with iefeicn<-e to th< obji ct for which the
cr>in>mtte<s «ire constituted, and not with respect
to pirtv or political considuations. It could not
hue i shaped the attention of eveiy one; nay, it
vv is, lie 1 'ehcvi d, a well-know n fa t which could
not In d'sguised, that, in the organization of the
committees of the Ho ise, not dining the present
session on!}*, but h"1 picaum d for a long period
b-uk, they had Keen so const tut d as to cons s',
ilmist i ivanai.ly,not the Lead ^only, butamajor-
Uv of thr m.mbi is,of g ntl men ot one political
comokxion. It was with this, \kw, that he had
rceomin nded what appeared to h.m to be very
list aid prefer, that the committ es of that
H > ise should be constituted «oh lv with reference
to the disp itch of busin ss. IK a¿iii. assured the
Speikci p-rsonally, that there hid been nothng
11 hi* I . er.o irs1 towards htm, (Mi R.,) either
in th * chin oi oat of it, which could induce him
to wound that genii.man's feelings
While on the floor, he asked li ave to withdraw
th it resol Uion; and it was Irs mtrnt.on to sub-
mit t'leolheis in a more condensed (orm. lie
should agun ask the House to consider th's sub-
1 t, f ir it was one of a most interesling and
v íul . haracter to the people of the Un U d Statt s.
It in glii be thought that it was late in the session
to brmg forward so important a proposition; but
then hid been little or no opportunity during
this session for su imitting resolutions, except on
p • aspi nsion of the rules, which required a ma-
lo. tvr of two-thuds. Moreover, in a precedirg
Ooi"-l3s, a snn lai resolution, embodying in U-
st If t ii w íol su')|eet, and imposing tiie duty of
tie nn. sti_;ition upon a single committee, had
bci nadoptcdot a later period he oehcvtd .slate
as the 19th of April; and the resolution direc mg
an 11q i íy into the manigement of the Post Office
wis id ipt. J as 1 ite as the -J6th day of June.
Tin ic wis one su jj ct embraced in the resolu-
tion", above all otheis, perhaps, deeply lnterest-
li g to the people n eviry part of t íe country,
and which de nanded the most rigid investiga-
tion Ho alluded to allegi d abuses and frauds in
the land ofcLe, and the sales of the p iblic lands.
The committee to whom this subject should be
referred could not do justice to it without sitting
dime¿ t'ie r.ciss of Congress. It should be con-
stituted of mimbeis will\irsed in the subject,
and who would visit the offices of the reg sters
and lecuveis in person. With these remaiIts, he
hoped the House would rec< ive the propositions,
and that the question would be taken on them
without debate. He did not desire to debate any
of them, in order that the whole subject might
be brought directly before the Ho ise, without
fuitlier consumption of time, by moving foi a
suspension of the rules, or taking the yeas and
nays.
Mr TURRILL rose, and was proceeding to
make some remaiks, when
The CHAIR interposed, and stated that there
was no motion before the House.
Mr TURRILL remarked that as the gentle-
man from Virginia bad been permitted to make a
statement, he desired to say a few words in reply.
He objected to the gentleman's motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON rose, but—
Mr. WHITTLESEY appealed to .he gentle-
man to withdraw his motion then, to enable the
committee to report; to which
Mr. ROBERTSON assented.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. H 4MER, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Alexander
Scott; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from th- Cwnmute*. of
Ways ind M-nns, repetid a bill remitting the
d i'ies on mi rehanjise destioyed by file in the
pint of New Yoik, which was lead twic. and
co nmit'i d
Mi. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, leported a joint resolution reforung the
petition and papers of the heirs of Robert Fulton,
deceased, to the Secretary of the Navy, to report
thereon to Congiess, which was read twice, and
oidercd to be engrossed.
Mr. GALBRAITH, fiom the Committee on
Pinato Land Claims, to which was íecommitteil
the bill for the relief of the hens of James
Latham, deccasid, i. ported the same with an
amend'in nt, which was agreed to
Mi. VINTON   moved   a further   amendment
which was di&cussed by himself and Mr. MAY,
until the cxoiration of the morning hour; when
Mr WHITTLESEY called for the orders of
the day.
RETRENCHMENT  RESOLUTIONS----AGAIN.
Mr. ROBERTSON again asked the consent
of the House to offer in a modified form, the
nsolutions proposed to be introduced bydum on ,
yi st( rday.
Ooiection   being   made,  Mr.  ROBERTSON '
moved to suspend the lule, to enable him to offer
the resolutions
Mr. ALL \N, of Kentucky, asked for the read-
ing of the resolutions
Mr. WHITTLESEY said, if there was no right
under the rule, to ask for the reading of the res-
olutions, he objected to their being read.
The CHAIR sud that the resolutions were not
in possession of the House, and could only be
lead by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARL\ND, of Louisiana, moved to sus-
pend the rules, for the purpose of having theies-
olutions lead for information, and asked for the
' yeas and nayson his motion, which were ordered.
i Mr. WISE suggested that the motion of his
colleague could be so flamed as to sunersede the
motion of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
G\rla id,] namely by reading the resolution,
and moving to suspend the rule for the purpose
of offering it.
Mr. VAN DERPOEL remarked,that this being
private bill day, h° would move to lav the two
motions to s ispend the nilcs on the table.
Mi. ROBERTSON inquired of the Chaii,
whether, if the last motion prevailed, his resolu-
tions woul j be spread upon the Journal.
The CHAIR iephed that if the resolutions had
beet' read, they would have been entered on the
Journal. As, however, they had not been read,
they could not go upon the Journal.
1 he question was then taken, and the motions
to suspend the rules were laid on the table—yeas
93, nays 75; as follows:
\ EA3 —Messrs Authony, Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Boon, Bouldin, Bovee, lluchanin, Burn , Casey, Chiney,
Ctiipni,'Cleveland, Coffee, Connor, I'ra g, Cramer, < u>h
man, Dicker-ion, Doubl diy, D omgoole, Dunlap, Efiner,
Fiirfield, Farlin, Frv, Willmn K Full r, Galbraitli, Gill t,
Git cock, Haley, Jo^iph Hall, Ilamer, Hanneian, Samuel
S Hirri.ni, Alb'rt G Him on, Hawkin , Iliynci, Hen
der-oi, HoKey. Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman, I lgliim,
Jab"z Jack-on, Willi im Jíekson,Jo eph Johnson, Richard
I M Jonn.on, Benjamin Jones, Ji.U-.on, Kilgore, Kmnard,
Liwrenc, Jo.hua Lee, Thomas Loe, Leonard, Login,
Mann, Manning, Mo,es Ma on, Willi im Mason, Miy, Mc-
Keon, MtKini, McL°ne, Moore, Owen., Page, Parker,
Pa'terson, Dutee J P arce, Fianklin Pieree, Phclp , John
R")nold_, Jo-eph Rcvnold-, Ripley, Rogers, Sevmour,
Shields, Shinn, Sickle , Smith, ¡-peight, Sutherland, Tay
lor, Thoims, John Thom-on.T mcev, 1 timer, Tu-nIl,Van-
derpoel, Wageuor, Ward, V\ cb ttr, Week , and Whittle
sey—98
NWS —Messrs Chilton .Pan, Tlcman Allen, Bailey,
Bell, Bond, Boyd, Bunch, John Callioon, William B Cal-
houi, Cainbreleng, Carter, \T-uhaniel II Claiborne, John F
H Claiborne, Cor in, Cu hi íg, Dirhnglon, Evans, Ever
ett, French, Philo C Full-r Jmifs Garlind, Rice Girland,
Grantland, Grennell, Griffin, Ildand Hall, Hardin, Harper,
liazcltine, Hoar, Hopkins, Howell, Xngersoll, Jams, Jem
fer, Henry Johnson, John XV Jone , Kennon, Lawler,
Luke Lea, Levvi-, Lincoln, Lo;e, L\on, Martin, John Y
Ma-on, Maurv, McCarlv, McCoini-.McKennin, Mercer,
Milligan, Morgan, Morns, Jame  K Pearce. Peyton,Potts,
Reed, Renchcr, Robertson, Dussell, W iln im B Shepard,
Augustine II Shcpperd, Slade, «lome, í-pangler, Stande
fer, Storer, Tiliaterro, rnderi\n.il, Vinton, Wa hington,
White, Lewis William , Sherrod Williams, and Wise—75
The resolutions of Mr. Robertson, as mod-
ified, were as follows:
1 Retoli ed, That a select committee be appointed, whose
duty «shall b- to inquire whal rct-cncm_.er:,if aiv, cm be
made with -T/etv to the pain    ntes-i   ot  i r- .noun)
expenses ofConjre-s, to rev >et'ielaw3 relative to the pn i-
le^-oitnnltingjdnd to miiuirci rtotu.ev.M ('i nev o linn
11" or nnre a-eurit 1} d lining t'ie -ml pimlc,' md of
■m honziug the trail-mi  lo i ot ill public docum-n'-, otli
eial commu ucatioiis. and new |np r-, ire. o, po tug., and
ot i icrea-ing 1'ie po tage up >n p imp ilet  ot'i.r than tlio-e
publis led bv o d^r of Cona-e-i, oi cith r IIou e thereo
2  Reiohed, Tuat a -elect committee be ippouiti d, whose
duty it shall be to inquire and report to this Uou e whether
any retrenchment can be made, with sdtetv to the public
intere-t, in the expenses of the Treasury Department,
vv lether an effective sy-tem of account ibility lor the col
lection and disbursement of the public money is then e-lab-
li lied, whether b inks be necessary tor the fi cal purposes
ol thi  Government; whether the mtercouise ot tne De
partment with the depo it banks, or any ol them ha  been,
or h, conducted through the ln-trumen'ihtj oi an interme
diarv agent; it so, whether such agent receive  compen a
tion for his service , and it =o, by whom the same i  paid;
and whether communications between such agent and the
Department are verbal, or in writing, and regarded by the
Department a  public and official, or pnvate and conflden
tial, n liether it is, or has been, the piactice of the Depart
ment to make trans'ers of public money from one bank or
place ot depo-it to another, lor the accommodation, use, or
b.nefit ol bankm.;in-titutions,or for any other purpo ethan
to m -et the exigencies oi the Government, whether it is or
has been, the practice or usage ot the Depirtment, to draw
hom the Trea-ury, money nppiopnated tor the public ser-
vice, in sums not necessary tor immediate u e, it so, to
what extent, and for what pmpo e, and whether, in any
case, payments of money are, or have been, made or au
thnriz d out of moneys in the hands ot public collectors, or
in places ot deposit, without previous appropriation or pre-
vious warrant
3   Resohed, That a select committee be appointed to in-
quire whit retrenchments, it any, can be made with safety
to the public interest in the expense  oi the Departments of
State, of Wai, and ot the Navy , also, to inquire whether
any abu es exi-t in soliciting or procuring clerk-hip  or ap
p.iintments in any of the Departments or bureiu* ot tne
Government, or in the pav ment or receipt ot the salanes
annexed to ¡>uch clerkships or appointments
4   Resolved, Tliata«clPctcominiueebeappointed, whose
duty it shall be to inquire and report to tin  House what
retrenchment-, if any, cm be made n ith -aretv to the public
interc t-, in the exp.nse  oi the Department of Indian Af-
fam ; whetiier any delect  exist in the organization or reg
ulationof the said Depirtment, or iibu.es m the man igement
o it, affairs, and, it so, in wnat manner the _ame should
be corrected or prevented
5. Resolved, 'I hat a «elect committee be appointed, whose
duty it shall be to inquire, and report to this Hou e, what
retrenchment, if any, can be mad. with'ately to the public
interest, m the exp nses ot the General Land Office, and
Bounty Land Office ; whether any delects exist in the or-
ganization or regulations of said offices, or neglect of duties
confided to those who have the manage ment or superintend
encv ot the said office  ; and, if so. the best means of
remedying such delect-, or of correcting and proven mg
such abu es. Al o. to inquire what abuses or frauds, it any,
have taken place, or exi-t in the management of the sales
of the public land, by the registers or receivers ot the several
land offices, or by other person , whether any illegal ontu
proper -p culation. have been entered into by the said regis-
ters or receivers in the lands sold by them, or in the Indian
reservations; vrhetherthe said regi-ter« or receivers, or any
of th"m, have received compen-ation trom persons apply-
ing to become purchasers ot the public lands, or hive be-
come interc ted in their purchases, whether the said receiv-
ers have duly and lairly paid over the moneys received by
them acco-dmg to instructions from the Treasury Depart-
ment ; and in general to inquire into the management oi the
i offices of the said registers and receivers, and into the m in
ner of making sal"s or purchases of public lands ; to point
out the defects or frauds, if any, in such management and
. sales, and suggest such measures as the public interest may
I require.
6  Resolved, That each of the foregoing committees con
sist of-----member , be authorized to send for persons and
papers, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resoli el, That the second Mondiy in May, and the three
succeeding days, after the hour ot twelve o'clock, be set
apart for thecon-ideration ot the bill to graduate and reduce
the price of the public land , and such other propositions
as may be involved in the final settlement ot the quc-t.on,
provided -o much time as above specified shall be required
lor the purpose
Objection being made, Mr. HANNEG\N
moved to suspend the rules, to enable him to offer
his íesolution, and asked that it be read for in-
formation .
Mr. MERCER said, as a similar request had
just been denied his respectable and honorable
colleague, [Mr. Robertson,] he must object to
the reading of this resolution.
Mr. HANNEGAN did notexpect to meet with
thus captious objection fiom the gentleman last up.
He would, however, not press his proposition at
that time.
PUBLIC MONEY----R. M. WHITNEY.
Mr. WISE lose again to ask the consent oí
the House (notwithstanding the notice which he
said he had given, that he would not again press
the pioposition) to peimit him to offer a resolu-
tion in reference to the agency. &.c , connected
wrh the deposits of the public moneys
