346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
On motion by Mr. COFFEE, it was                   I
Resolved, That the Committee on Claim- be instructed
toVnZ e • ■"> the justice of compensating Major Mark A
Coo^ Mr he lo-s or a hor e at Picolata, Tlonda, whilst
héTas engaged ,11 mustering his battalion into the service
ofthe United States; and that the committee inquire into
the exped.cnc) of authorizing the Pavmaster General to
nav for all hor.es that are lost or die in the service of the
cmintn, as «ell as those that are killed in battle or die of
«ounds received in battle.
On motion by Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Missis-
sippi, it was
Resolied, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road-, bs instructed to inquire into the expediency of
e<tabli-hing a po<t route fiom Canton, by Warsaw, to Beat-
tie'b bluff, in the State of Mississippi.                                  |
On motion by Mr. CASEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Mount Carmel to Lawrence-
Mile, in Illinois.
On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims inquire into the
expediency of compensating Aaron Piorce lor two horses
belonging to hnn, and wluch were killed in lS3d by a party
ot hostile Indians.
On motion by Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved, That the Comnutee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquiie into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation m aid of the contemplated railroad from Cin-
cinnati, in Ohio, to Charleston, South Carolina, on condition
that the company about to be established for the execution
of that work, shall enter into a contract with the Govern-
ment tor the transportation of the public maiU and public
property on said road.
Mr. PEARCE, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution; which, by the rule,lies over
one day.
Resohed, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the House at what time, and in w hat sums, the money
appropriated for the repair ol the Cumberland road eastot
the Ohio, by the acts o. 1834, chapter 68, and 1833, chapter
31, has been drawn out of the Treasury ¡whether the money
so appropriated, or some part of it, was not paid into the
hands ol an agent, other than the officer of engineers,
charged with the superintendence of said road ; wjo this
agent was; what compensation he received ; how long said
agent was in possession of the said money, or any part
thereof, before its being required for the perlormance ot the
work, or it  actual application in payment to contractors;
also at what places the said money was paid out by the said
agent; and that tins House be turnishcd with a copy of the
account of said agent.
On motion by Mr. LEWIS, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing the fol-
lowing routes, viz : From Washington, in Autauga county,
to Kingston, Independence,and Hamilton, in said count} ;
and from thence to Oak Ridge, in Dallas county, to Valley
Creek ; and Irom thence to Manon, in Perry county: from
Rocklord, in Coosa county, to Chesnut Creek, in Autauga
county; to Maplesvdle, in Bibb county; from Greenville
by Kobb's store, in Camden county, to Sparta, in said
county; and rroin thence to Pensacola, in Florida; from
Dade Court House, in Alabama, to Valamhrosa, in Florida:
from Tallahassee, via Tuckubatrhee, to Line Creek post
office, (about twelve miles.)
On motion by Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it
was
Resohed, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law, that all claims and titles to land in Florida, winch shall
not be decided on the 1st day of October next, shall be re-
ported to Congress, with the evidence filed in each case,
and that the special jurisdiction of the courts on that day
shall cease.
Mr. KINNARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported the following resolu-
tions, (being a modification of those heretofore
reported on the same subject;) which were con-
sidered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause to be com-
piled, for the use oi the House, and arranged in chronological
order, under appropriate heads, all the resolves and acts of
Congress relating to the pay, half-pay, commutation of half-
pay, bounty lands, and other promises made by Congress
to the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary army. Also,
a synopsis of the provisions for funding the revolutionary
debt of the United States, and of the several acts in aid
thereof. Also, the acts of the old and present Govern-
ments for the settlement of the accounts between the United
States and the several States : and such other general in-
formation, to be ascertained from the archives of the Gov-
ernment, as may be useful in the settlement of revolutionary
claims now pending.
Resolved,further, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House whether all certificates of pub-
lic debt given for services rendered, or supplies furnished, in !
the war of the Revolution, or which were issued in fulfill- '
ment of the provisions contained in any ordinance or reso-
lution of the old Congress, did not bear interested whether '
interest was not allowed and paid upon such of said cer-
tificates as were not subscribed to the funded debt of the
United States, created by the act of August 4, 1790, and
which were subsequently settled and paid at the Treasury;
also whether interest was not allowed on all settlements
made under the act of March 23,1792, entitled "An act to
provide for the settlement of the claims of widows and
orphans barred by the limitations heretofore established,
and to regulate the claims of invalid pensioners ;" so far as
said act relates to the claims of widows and orphans, under
the act of March 27, 1792, entitled ''An act lor the relief of
certain widows and orphans, invalids, and other persons,"
particularly as far as regards the persons named in the said
act, and underthe act of March 27, 1792, entitled "An act
to provide for the settlement of the claims of persons under
particular circumstances, barred by the limitations hereto-
fore established." And that said Secretary also accompany
his report with a statement as to what period each State
was credited for payments made on account of the United
States, together with a statement of the, aggregate amount
credited to each State, and charged to each State. Also
that the said Secretary accompany his report with a copy
of any opinion or opinions given by the Attorney General
of the United States, in relation to alio wances of interest on
claims to half pay, eomm illation of half pay on other claims,
and whetherinterest w.is paid under said opinion or opin-
ions, and in the execution of laws for the settlement of
claims, in which no special provision was made for interest;
and, if so, a statement of the cases in which the same was
allowed, and the amount thereof.
Mr. STORER moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up the bill from the Senate
to establish the northern boundary of Ohio, and
the southern boundary of Michigan; which was
negatived.                                                                      |
Mr. SLADE, who stated he was out of his ,
seat when the State of Vermont was called, then
rose, and presented a memorial from Dr. Atley
and eighty-five other individuals, representing
themselves to be citizens of Philadelphia, against
the admission of Arkansas into the Union with
a constitution which sanctions the existence of
slavery, and prohibits the abolition thereof. Mr.
S. moved its reading.
Objections being made to its reading, Mr.
SLAOE said he claimed that right.
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired whether the petition
should not be referred, as a matter of course, to
the committee raised under Mr. Pincknet's res-
olution '
The CHAIR had not examined the petition,
and could not judge of its character.
Mr. H ANNEGAN moved to lay the memorial
on the table.
Mr. SLADE insisted upon his right to have
the petition read, and he made a motion accord-
ingly.
The CHAIR decided that the petition must first
be read before any question could be put upon it,
as the gentleman insisted.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved to lay the motion to
read on the table.
The CHAIR pronounced that motion then out
of order.
Mr. GLASCOCK asked if the petition had been
received ?
The CHAIR said the gentleman from Vermont
rose in his place to present the petition, and, no
objection being made at the time, the Chair con-
sidered leave had been granted, and thus the pe-
tition had been received.
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved to reconsider
the motion by which leave had been granted to
the member from Vermont to present the petition.
After some remarks from Messrs. SPEIGHT,
GLASCOCK, WISE, SLADE, and HANNE-
GAN,
Mr. SLADE said, if the gentleman from Indi-
ana insisted upon his motion-to reconsider, he
(Mr. S.) should raise and insist upon the ques-
tion of order, whether the gentleman could object
to the offering or reception of any petition under
the order adopted that morning.
Mr. HEISTER asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider; which were ordered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG inquired if the whole
subject ought not to go over until next petition
day.
The CHAIR stated that the memorial would
be referred, as a matter of course, to the select
committee upon the subject of abolition, if the
motion to reconsider were not pending; where-
upon—
Mr. HANNEGAN withdrew his motion to
reconsider; and                                                            ¡
The CHAIR announced that the memorial was I
referred to that committee.                                        I
Mr. SLADE renewed the call for the reading
of the memorial.                                                          |
Mr. LOVE raised the question of order, that ¡
the pending question on the withdrawal of the
motion to reconsider was, that the memorial be
read, and that the petition had not been referred.
Mr. SLADE again insisted on the reading.
Tfie CHAIR decided that it would require a
vote of the House.
After some remarks by Messrs. TOUCEY,
EVERETT, SLADE, and MASON, of Virginia,
pending the question of order,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Tuesday, .Ipril 12,1836.
Mr. CLAY said that several petitions had been
sent to him from a large number of the citizens
of Philadelphia, some of whom were personally
known to him, (and, judging from the signatures,
he supposed all of them respectable,) remonstrat-
ing against the admission of Arkansas into the
Union with the clause in her constitution prohib-
iting the exercise of the power to abolish slavery
by her Legislature.   The petitions were very em-
phatic in their language, but otherwise not indec-
orous.    He at first had some doubts as to whether
he should present these petitions, but after some
consideration he felt that it would be his duty to
do so, and he now acquitted himself of the obli-
gations he was under.  The bill for the admission
of Arkansas had passed the Senate, and was now
before the other  House, and was therefore be-
yond the control of the Senate; but as it might
possibly come back with amendments, the best
disposition he could make of the petitions would
be to lay them on the table.    He should have pre-
ferred it had the petitioners selected some other
organ to communicate their wishes to the Senate,
because he did concur with the objects of the
petitions, believing that Arkansas, or any other
State or Territory, had a right to make, on the
subject of slavery, what provisions she pleased.
He still adhered to the opinions expressed by
him on a memorable occasion, which probably
some gentlemen present might remember.    He
asked that one of the petitions might be read, and
that all of them might be laid on the table.
The petition having been read,
Mr. C. said he wished to qualify some expres-
sions used by him as to the right of a State or
Territory to make what regulations it pleased on
the subject of slavery. He meant, that all the
new States admitted into the Union were bound
by the terms of the Missouri compromise; that
all those north of the line described in the bill for
the admission of Missouri were prohibited from
holding slaves, and that all those south of that
line were permitted to held them.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, remarked, that it wa
with regret that he heard the gentleman from
Kentucky say that he felt it his duty to introduce
memorials of" the description of these just pre-
sented. The Senator, as well as himself, well
recollected the feelings that grew out of this same
kind of interference, when Missouri was admitted
into the Union. The gentleman and himself then
acted together, and felt together, as men dearly
prizing the rights of the southern States, and
determined to support them. The bill to admit
Arkansas into the Union had, as was remarked
by the gentleman, been sent to the other House,
and might possibly come back again with amend-
ments. Now, would the gentleman be willing
that the question, which so agitated the country
with regard to Missouri, should again come
before them? He should be the last man that
would consent to it; and he regretted that the
gentleman had felt it to be his duty to present
these memorials, that might possibly be followed
by consequences that the gentleman himself
would regret as much as any one; for, remem-
bering the agency he had in the Missouri com-
promise, he could not suppose him willing that
such an alarming controversy should again arise.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, referring to the Mis-
souri compromise, said he only regretted the part
that he had taken in it; that he had yielded too
much in a spirit of conciliation and harmony; and
that, under like circumstances, he never would
consent to yield so much again. If new States
come into this Union, they should of right come
in on an equal footing with the old States; and
they would have a right to make what regula-
tions they pleasod on the subject of slavery, or
