1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
anv otlur -tioject relating to their internal con-
ctrns not pioh.ioiu.tl by tin Constitution, and he
wou'd m v< i ioi s nt to impose any conditions on
mi pi not wtrrantid bv the Constitution.
Mi CL \Y kit vmpriM'd at the expression of
regret bv the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. King.]
Ho had said the subject of the petitions he did not
appro\e. and had stated he wished the petitioners
luul «.tinted í- mu ottn i organ through which to
priiiiit ih« m to the Senate, and that his opinion
was uiunaiiged. Hi had merely performed a
sacred du;v , and had asked for no other action
upon iht m tha'i to propo-t to lay them on the
table. Hi had found tin in in his possession,
tu\ were r •.¡■netful m their 1 wguage, and yet
he «as eluded by the S. nitor fiom Alabama for
prest nting them with respect to the compromise,
ftie Constitution itself was a compromise; and
the compromise which had been adverted to in
the «dm ssion of Missouri was one on which he
would stand, on the ground of the great principle
of the rights eveiv people had in forming their
Constitution.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a report
from the First Comptroller, showing the emolu-
ments of certain officers of the customs; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, and Mr. MORRIS, |
f>resented several memorials on the subject of the
ocation of tde C nnoe-la'id road, which were
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr KENT presented resolutions of the Legib-
iature of .Maryland, instructing t i< ir Senators to
Tote for the bill to disiribute the proceeds of the
sales of trie public lands among the States, which
were laid on the table
Mr KENT presented the memorial of the
FrankLn Insurance Company of the city of Wash-
ington, praying for a re-charter; which was
relerred to the Committee on the Distiict of
Colombia.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Maryland on the subject of
French spoliations prior to 1800; and also, resolu-
tions on the subject of the expunging resolution;
all of which were laid on the table.
Mr. SOUTH \RD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to organize the Navy
of the United States; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, moved that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be discharged from the
consideration of the petition of Horace Walworth,
and others; and, after a discussion, in which
Messrs. EWING, KING of Alabama, LINN,
BENTON, POUTER, and BLACK, took part,
the motion was agreed to.
DEPOSITS OF THE PUBLIC MONEYS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following amend-
ment to the bul to regulate the deposita of the
public moneys, and moved that it be printed for
the information of the Senate; which motion was
agreed to:
Sbc . AM be it farther enacted, That no bank shall
hereaner be employed or continued as a depository of the
moneys oi the I uued states, or oí the Po-t Office, winch
wiall not, b> an aiuaciitic act, filed with the Secretary of
the Treasury, beiore the next stated meeting of Congress,
«free to Uic imlowing tern  and conditions
/ t-rtt To proceed in good laitii, and as speedily as pos-
sible, to nuke its •p^cie capital consist ot gold and silver,
and, Janear!) as may bo, o. eijuil proportion  of each
fcecjnW To pay til demanda ol the t'nited States and of
the Post Ornee Department in gold and silver; the propor-
tion ol gold to be aa large as the bank, in good fault, can pay,
until the.'id day ot VI ire h, in the year 1838, from and alter
which uuie the proportion to be paid shall be one half in
«titer coin, at the option ot the demander; the other half
at Ute- option ol the bank                                                  ¡
T* ri< To pay all the notes, or paper currency issued or
pat iu circulation by it, in gold and silver; the option of the
demander, Irom and aiicr the 3d day of March, 1837, bjing
for one hall ot either, and ot the bank lor the other half.
Fourth. To discontinue the use and circulation of all I
paper currency of less denomination than twenty dollars, i
as follows   less than five dollars, immediately, less than
ten dollars,from and after the 3d day of March, 1837; leu
than twenty dollars, from and after the 3d day of March,
in the j ear 1833.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. BLACK submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which waa considered and adopted:
Rewired, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of confirming
the report Of the register and receiver of the law] office at
St. Stephen' , in the State of Alibami, ¡ictin* as co-nmis- |
-inner  under the authoii'v ot tin t'l.ul -ei Honor an ait
oMYins *"— pi—erl on the M M -n !i, 1-0") r roiiimi udiiig
lor conn.ni.ilion the title ot Andrew IK m> trv t  land- on
the bay ot f*t l.oui-; ivineh report was. nude on the Ibtli
February, l!?o-l
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, on leave, introduced a
bill to regulate the h mis. of the superior court for
the middle distriet of Florida; which was rend
twice and refi rrod.
Mr NILES, on leave, introduced a bill, author-
izing the lease of the unoccupied public grounds
in the city of Washington, for the cultivation of
the Chinese mulberry; which was read twice and
referred.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to suspend the discriminating duties
impo-ed on foreign vessels, so far as relate s to the
vessels ot Portugal, and to leduce tne duty on
wines, and
The bill prescribing the mode of pa\ ing the
pensions of the United Slates, w eie seveially read
the third time and parsed.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
A bill to prohibit tne cnculation through the
mails of incendiary publications was taken up as
the special order
Mr. CALHOUN denied being actuated by the
teelmgs of hostility to the administration im-
puted to him by the gentleman fiom Georgia,
[Mr. King,] and said, if he had been actuated by
them, his couise would ha\e been vi ry difieient.
He had formed his opinion before he came here,
and saw that it must come before Congress.
When he arrived heie, and read the President's
message, his apprehensions were increased on
seeing that he had covered the wholegiound that
the Government had the sole power over the
matter. He knew the weight ot General Jack-
son's name, and the power of Jacksonism. lie
had ever considered the Senator fiom Georgia
[Mr. King] as one of the most independent of
the party, and enumerated sundry measures in
which that gentleman and iiimselt agreed in opin-
ion; and, if he was not mistaken, they had here-
tofore agreed in every important measure, except
the case of the Protest, until they diifeied on the
question on the motion to receive the petitions on
abolition; and yet he (Mr. C.) was held up as a
single individual actuated, alone by motives of
hostility to the Administration. He [Mr. King]
had gone with the Administration on the argu-
ments in relation to this report, and with him
on the bill. Mr. C. could assure him he would
rather have his vote on the bill than h's speech.
He must express Ins regret that, after having
concurred w.th him in all important measures, he
should say that he (Mr. C.) was influenced by
his opposition to the Administration, and then
illustrate the declaration with a comparison fiom
O'Connoll, better suited to an Irish mob than the
dignity of the Senate.
He thought, if they once acknowledged the
power of Congress to suppress the transmission
of these incendiary papers directly, and to say
what was incendiary, it would be conceding to it
the right to decide what was not incendiary, as
they were in their nature correlative rights. The
gentleman from Georgia believed the General
Government had a right to decide what was incen-
diary; and, if it had, it followed that it hud a right
to decide what was not, and to force them into
circulation. Should the General Government say
it had a right to enforce such a right, could Georgia
resist? If the Senator says she could, he will
come nigh on nullification; nay, he even went
beyond it. We nullifiers (said Mr. C.) only go
for resisting an unconstitutional act, but this
would be nullifying an act which the Senator
believes to be constitutional. He saw a control
in this matter more potent than the sedition law
itself, and supposed, if this document went to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, it
would beconfirmed. The gentleman from Georgia
was willing to support the bill, which was in
direct opposition to the message of the Executive,
and he (Mr. C.) thought there was a fair prospect
of its passage; arid if it did pass he had then
j accomplished his object.
The Senator from Georgia had said that it was
' very extraordinary that lie who was opposed to
receiving abolition petitions should be in favor
of this pnneiple, and that in taking this ground
he had taken giound against the position he then
took If so, it brought him and the gentleman
to the same point. He was in favor of the recep-
tion of the petition in that case, and ajrainst this
repoit, and he (Mr. C.) was against receiving
the petition, and in favor of the teeciving of the
report. He was against the principle in the one
case, and Mr. C. in the other. He would now
meet the ob]ections of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mi. D^vis] against the bill. The first
and an impoitant pnnciple of the bill was, that
slave i y was solely a domestic question, belonging
to the slaveholding States—to say whether the
tiant>mit>sion of incendiary publications through
the mail, to endanger the peace and safety of
their citizens, should be piohibitid; also, what
law should be t nutted to supprt ss their trans-
mission. Another principle that grew out of this
right was, that it was the duty of the General
Government to respect the laws of the States,
and, when cucumstances would permit, to coop-
erate with them He would acknowledge, if this
was a new doctune,it ought to be appioached
with caution. The principle, however, was not
new, which he had shown by cases cited in his
íeport. One was in relation to the heaith laws,
and the other in tegaid to a branch of this very
subject. The health of the State was one among
its reserved rights. Health might be endangered
through its commcicc; and it had a right to
establish quarantine laws, and the laws of the
Gciieial Government might come in conflict with
these quarantine laws ot the State.
The laws of the General Government had been
modified so as to correspond with the State laws.
IlealbO adverted to the case of the inhabitants of
St. Domingo in 1803, and the act of Congress
making it pi nal to íeceivc such persons as were
theiein descubed, which was a piecedent fully in
point. It recognized the point, that the Govern-
ment was bound to recognize the acts of the State.
South Carolina had a positive law against these
colored seamen being íoceived in her ports; and
the Biitish Minister had remonstrated for ten
successive years, but finally acquiesced in the
justness of the act, even against the treaty. The
gentleman from North Carolina had rested his
argument on this act of 1803, which had led him
to an examination of its history, and had found
that it met with opposition in us passage; from
which he inferred it had been fully discussed,
and passed with full deliberation.
Thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
had made an objection that the power claimed
w ould be to transfer the power from the General
Government to the States. To this he replied,
that the bill simply proposed that the General
Government, through Us agents, should not vio-
late that law of the State; and was simply a mod-
ification that the General Government should use
Us power so as not to violate the laws of the State,
and merely showed that the power of the General
Government was not absolute over the mail; and
in support of this position he said there were
two laws on their statute-books embracing this
same principle. It was an important right, show-
ing that the General Government shall not exer-
cise the light to discriminate what papers shall
not be transmitted.
It had been alleged that there was a contradic-
tion between the report and the bill. If so, it only
proved that the person who made the report was
an indifferent logician. The principles it assert-
ed were: 1st. That there was no right in the
General Governmentto prohibit papers; 2d. That
it liad no right to say what papers should be
transmuted; and, 3d. That those rights belong to
the States.
The Senator from Georgia had said he (Mr.
C.) was influenced by his opposition to General
Jackson. He (Mr. C.) had too little respect for
General Jackson's judgment, and, if he were not
President of the United States, he would say, for
his character, to place himself in such a position.
He illustrated, by examples of comparison, the
consistency of State rights with the rights of the
General Government. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] had said that he had claim-
ed the power, through the agency of the General
Government, to do that indirectly which it could
