348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
notdodirectlv; to which he replied, that the State |
was   not  an 'agent,  but  an independent   body.
There were innumerable instances where States
cooperated with the General Government.    The
United States had the sole right to coin money, '
and the States made it penal to counterfeit United
States coin.    The United States had also a right
to declare war, and the States cooperated, and
these rights were reciprocal.   The Senator from
Massachusetts had said the laws of the States
must yield where they and the laws of the Gene-
ral Government came in conflict.    Cut Mr. C.
contended that the rights of the States were as
clearly defined as those of the General Govern-
ment." The framers of the Constitution had wise-
ly said that all powers not delegated to the Gene-
ral Government were reserved to the States.   No
conflict could take place between the delegated
and reserved rights, except in the single excep-
tion of concurring powers.   The conflict might be
between the laws, but not between those powers.
The States prohibit the transmission of some
kinds of papers, and the General Government
permits all.    In such case, which must give way!
That must be determined by the extent and mag-
nitude of the evil to be remedied.   Those laws
which related to mere accommodation must yield
to necessary laws.   The laws for carrying the
mail were merely for accommodation, and this
law to prevent the circulation of incendiary pub-
lications was a necessary law.    It was very im-
proper, on the part of the General Government, to
endanger the peace and safety of the citizens of
eleven States of this Union by the exercise of this
law of accommodation, and it was proper that it
should yield to the law of necessity.    He was
happy to see so many advocates of State rights,
and that even his old Federal friends (the honest,
uptight, and intelligent old Federal party) began
to hold the language of State rights.    Yes, (said
he,) the old Federal party—for they were an
honest, consistent, and intelligent, but, at the
same time, mistaken party—were coming round
to State rights in proportion as the dominant party
were receding from them.  As to whether the Gen-
eral or State Government must yield when their
laws came in conflict, depended on the general
circumstances of each case.   The Senator from
Massachusetts had said the principle contended
for might be carried into politics or religion   He
(Mr. C.) could assure the gentleman, that, if such
a case should be permitted, he was prepared to
sustain the States in such a conflict with the Gen-
eral Government.     He did  not piecemeal his
principles.   The bill did not make it penal for
postmasters merely to receive papers, but to re-
ceive and deliver them up.   The Senator from
Massachusetts objected to the inconvenience in
being able to distinguish what were incendiary
publications. He saw no difficulty in that. Their
only object was, that Abolitionists should not be
permitted to send their matter to them.    They
had reached a very important point in this ques-
tion of abolition.   That ferocious band were in
the possession of ample funds and a powerful
press, and for the first time that instrument had
been seized upon to be wielded against the peace
of the South. The General Government was now
called on to say what part they would take—
whether they should be on the side of the South,
or on the side of their enemies?   They asked
nothing but that they should respect their laws.
He was anxious that those he represented should
understand whether they should rely on them-
selves or The Government.   He did not know
whether they should come in conflict on this sub-
ject now; but, judging from human nature, he
feared the time would come when they should.
Thus far, he was sorry to say, their just hopes
had not been realized.   Such was the state of
politics in the non-slaveholding States, that he
knew the difficulty of obtaining any legislation
there. In receiving those abolition petitions, they
had given Congress jurisdiction so far against
them.     Was Congress against them  or not?
W/iin they had a duty to perform, and did not
perform it, the non-performance was a violation
of it.   He wished to see this matter decided.   If
decided against them,he would say to the people
of the South," Look to yourselves; you have noth-
ing to hope for from abroad."   The South never
would abandon the principles of the bill. If Con-
gress refused to adapt its action to theirs, they
would come into conflict, and the State would not
yield. This bill asserted the supremacy of the '
State laws, and gave a power of protection, and
by its passage the evil would be cured. He closed
his remarks by hoping the Senate would excuse
the unreasonable ardor of one who had so deep an
interest in this subject.
Mr. DAVIS replied to Mr. Calhouvat length,
in opposition to the bill sustaining the position
taken by him in his first address on the subject.
If there were no constitutional objections to the
measure, he held it to be exceedingly unwise in
gentlemen   representing slaveholding States  to
establish  a   policy of   the  Government  which
looked exclusively to  the preservation of slave
property, and which would make every individ-
ual in  the non-slaveholding   States, who  had
business with the Post Office, feel that slavery
was an evil in the country.    He asked the Sena-
tor from South Carolina to forbear from pressing
this evil on the attention of the people, for he re-
garded every step towards it as a step towards
the dissolution of the Union.   The gentleman
from South Carolina had referred to the prece-
dents  by which the bill was sustained; and he
could not have given a stronger argument against
the establishment of precedents than the attempt
to make the sanitary laws precedents for assault-
ing the liberty of the press, as he contended that
this bill did.    He knew, from the language held
every day by the gentleman, that he would be
the last man to be guided by precedents to false
conclusions; and he was therefore surprised that
he should have adduced the sanitary laws as a
precedent for this assault on the liberty of the
press.   The liberty of the press was not like the
other reserved  rights, reserved   by implication,
but was reserved in express terms; it could not
be touched in any manner.    Mr. D., after urging
the constitutional objections to  the bill, on the
ground that it would abridge the liberty of the
press, denied that the Post Office was established
solely for the promotion of commercial and social
intercourse.    It was designed by the framers of
the Constitution for the dissemination of public
intelligence, it occurring to them that the people
would like to get accounts of the proceedings of
the National and State  Legislatures, and the
judicial proceedings of the courts; in short, for
the dissemination of that kind of general intelli-
gence which was the foundation of a free govern-
ment; for it was vain to suppose that free insti
tutions could long be preserved without the dis-
semination of useful intelligence.
Mr. D. contended that it would be impossible
to discriminate between publications of a danger-
ous tendency and those that were harmless, with-
out exercising such a system of espionage over the
Post Office as would not only greatly diminish
the usefulness of that Department, by destroying
the public confidence in it, but would also be fatal
to the liberty of the press. He warned gentle-
men that all the assaults on the press that had
ever been made in any country had always been
made under the plea of strong necessity. The
press was charged with being libelous and sedi-
tious, dangerous to the public morals, and, there-
fore, it was said that it was better to establish a
censorship over it than to submit to its unrestrained
abuses. Mr. D. contended that there was a great
discrepancy between the report and the provisions
of the bill. The report, he said, went on to show
that this Government had no power to pass a
general law prohibiting the circulation of incend-
iary publications, for the reason that it would
abridge the liberty of the press, and there was an
able argument in the report to establish this fact.
The Senator from South Carolina still adhered
to that doctrine; but, while he adhered to it, he
proceeded to demonstrate that the General Gov-
ernment might pass a law in aid of those of the
States. Now, if the General Government might
do this, suppose that the States should come to
the determination that the circulation of any po-
litical or religious doctrine was dangerous, and
should pass laws to prevent it; then he thought
that the General Government might, with as much
propriety, sustain such laws by its legislation, as
to pass this bill.
After Mr. DAVIS concluded, the bill was laid
on the table.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
after which, it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 12, 1836.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Nathan Lamme, a captain in the revolutionary
war; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHAPÍN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Crocker Sampson, deceased; which
was read twice and commuted.
Mr. McKIM, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to repeal m> much of
the act of March 2, 1799, as respects the issuing
of certificates on the importation of wine; which
was read twice, and its further consideration post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. JANES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill granting a pension to John Dow; and
A bill granting a pension to Andrew Gray.
Mr. HAYNES, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John Fos-
dick; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions,   reported   the following bills; which
were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of George Fields; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel M. Asbury.
Mr. KLINGENSMITH, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a. bill for
the relief of William Jenkinson, of the State of
Pennsylvania; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the fourth Thursday in May be set apart
for the coni-idcration of the bill reorganizing the General
Land Office.
Mr. CAMBRELENG was compelled reluct-
antly to object to the adoption of the resolution.
If the appropriation bills were disposed of before
the day named in the resolution, he would not
then oppose acting upon the bill referred to.
Mr. BOON adverted to the importance and
necessity of reorganizing the General Land Office,
and of providing additional clerks to bring up the
indispensable business of the office, which was
very much behindhand.
1 he resolution was then disagreed to without
a count.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported, with an amend-
ment, the bill from the Senate previding for the
legal adjudication of certain claims to land therein
mentioned; and the same was committed.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to aphorize the She-
nandoah Bridge Company, at Harper's Ferry, to
erect a bridge on the lands of the United States,
at or near the town of Harper's Ferry; which
was read twice, and postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WASHINGTON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to in-
corporate the Howard Institution of the City of
Washington; which was read twice and commit-
ted.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions were presented on leave by Messrs.
JUDSON and BOND.
[Mr. Judson had the unanimous consent of the
House to present the petition of the ship-owners
of New London; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Joel Davison and others,
of Brooklyn, praying for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the select committee on the resolutions of Mr.
PlNCKNET.
Mr. Bond, by consent, presented a petition
from sundry citizens of Fayette county, praying
that a mail stage route may be established from
Chillicothp, in the county of Ross, via Bloomin-
fcurg, in Fayette county, to Springfield, in the
county of Clark, in the State of Ohio; and the same
