350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
propose was one of great importance, not only
to that House, but to the people of the United
States, for it involved nothing less than regula-
tin" by law the whole treasure of the country.
In substance, it was the same resolution he had
heretofore attempted to move, changing only the
day from the second to the third Monday in
May.   The resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, entitled "An act regulating the deport of
the money of the United States in certain local banks,"
together wtth any amendments which may be offered to
the same, be made the special order of the day, and that it
have precedence over all other business of the Hou^e from
the hour of twelve, on the third Monday in May next, and
on each succeeding day from the same hour, Fridays and
Saturdays excepted, until the same shall be finally dis-
posed of.
The CHAIR,having examined the resolution,
said it would not be in order to move it as an
amendment to the bill under consideration, which
was on its engrossment.
Mr. PEYTON would then change his motion.
Inasmuch as the rules of the House had been
suspended, he would move to take up his reso-
lution instead of that bill.
The CHAIR replied that the rules had been
suspended for the specified purpose of taking up
this particular bill; and therefore the gentleman
could not substitute his resolution for it.
The bill was discussed, and its passage advo-
cated by Messrs. C H AMBERS, of Pennsylvania,
and CUSHING, and opposed by Messrs. HAR-
PER and DENNY.
Mr. PEYTON, after some remarks, moved, as
an amendment or substitute to this bill, the bill
now before the House regulating the deposit of
the public moneys in certain local banks.
The CHAIR said that bill was now in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
*nd it was not in order to move it as an amend-
ment to, or substitute for, this bill.
Mr. PEYTON then said he would move that
this bill be recommitted to the Committee of the
Whole, with instructions to report as an amend-
ment to it the bill above referred to.
The CHAIR said that would not be in order.
At an earlier part of the day, before the bill under
consideration had been taken up, it would have
been in order for the gentleman to have moved to
discharge the Committee of the Whole from the
other bill.
Mr. PEYTON would then make that motion.
Tne CHAIR replied, that, pending the consid-
eration of this bill, that motion could not then be
made.
Mr. BELL. Does the Chair decide that it is
not in order for my colleague to move to recom-
mit this bill with instructions ?
The CHAIR had made no such decision, but
had stated that it would not be in order to move,
as an amendment to this bill, another bill now in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BELL was not prepared, he said, to ac-
quiesce in that decision.
Mr. PEYTON thought he could, perhaps, ob-
viate the difficulty under which the Chair labored.
He then sent to the table another printed paper,
containing the sanie thing, (a Senate bill,) which
(he said) was not in Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIR referred to some former decisions
of the House, proving this to be out of order, and
cited the rule of the House, that no proposition
of a different nature from the one under consid-
eration should be moved in the form of an amend-
ment.
After some conversation on this point between
the CHAIR, Mr. WILLIAMS, and Mr. PEY-
TON,
Mr. PEYTON then proposed to amend the bill
bjr adding thereto only the last page of the fore-
oing, relating to the kind of money that should
e received, (Port of Mr. Wright's amendment to
the Senate bill,) as follows:
Sec. 11. Jltid be it further enacted, That the commis-
sioners of the sinking fund be hereby authorized and direct-
ed, at the commencement of every quarter of the year, to
examine into the condition of the Treasury, and the prob-
able amount of receipts and expenditures during that quar-
ter; and if, in their opinion, the money in the Treasury
during the quarter will generally exceed, or fall short of,
$7,000,000, it shall be their duty to cause the sum equal in
the former case to the supposed excess to be drawn out of
the Treasury, and invested in some safe stock or «tocks in
tha name and behalf of the United States; and in the latter
case to order a sale or sales of such part or portion of any I
such slocks owned by the United States, as will produce a
sufficient sum to make up the supposed deficiency, the pro-
ceed  whereof shall be paid into the Treasury.                   |
Sec. U.  íin¡ be it further enacted, That said commis- I
sionersof the mu king fund shall be governed in making such I
investments or «ales by the current and customary pnces i
of stocks in the commercial cities of the United States; ¡
and in their purc'iases said commissioners shall give prefer-
ence to Mich stocks whose payment is guarantied by some
State, if the rate of interest upon the sum proposed to be
invested will probably be as favorable.    And at the com
mencement or every year, said commissioners shall make
a detailed report to Congress of all their doings and proceed-
ings under the provisions of this act.
The CHAIR remarked that the same principles
on which the whole bill was out of order applied
to the part now proposed to be inserted.
Mr. PEYTON appealed from this decision of
the Chair, and made a few remarks on the main
point.
Mr. BEAUMONT moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded by the House, taken
by tellers—ayes 75, noes 50; and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be put, without a count.
The main question was, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
which was agreed to without a count.                    11
The question then again recurred on the en- I (
grossment of the bill.
Mr. HARDIN briefly opposed it.                       ¡
Mr. PARKS demanded the previous question; i
which was seconded by the House, and the main '
question ordered to be put, without a count.          ;
Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont, asked for the yeas
and nays on the main question, the engrossment
of the bill; which were ordered; and, the question
being taken, was carried in the affirmative—yeus
136, nays 17; as follows:                                            ,
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Bailey, Bea'.e,  Bean, |
Beaumont, Bell, Bockee, Bou'din, Bovee, Boyd, Buchanan,
Bunch, John Calhoon, William B. Calhoun, Ciuubrelciig,
Campbell, Casey, George Chambers, Chapín, Nathaniel H.
I' Claiborne. John F. H. Claiborne, Clark, Coffee, Connoi,
Craig, Cramer, Cashing, Cushman. Deberry, Dickerson,
Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Fairfield, French, Piulo C.
Fuller,  YVilham   K.  Fuller, Gillet,   Glascock,   Granger,
Grantland, Griffin, Haley, Joseph Hall, Harrier, Hannegun,
S Samuel S. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins, Hayncs,
i Henderson,Heister,Hoar, Hop'itns,Howaid, Howell, Hun-
tington, Huntsman, Ingham, William Jackson, Jab 'z Jack-
,   son, Janes, Jarvis, Richard M. John .on, Cave Johii'on,
'   Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jone«, Judson,
]Í Kilgore, Kling'nsinith, Lane, Lawler, Lawrence, Gideon
■ i Lee, Joshua Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan,
I Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Job Mann, Martin, Jolm Y. Ma-on,
William Mason, Moses Mason, May, MeCoims, McKnj,
McKennan, McKim, M"Liene, Moore, Morgin,  Mom-,
Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Patton, Dutoe J.
Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Peyton,  Pholps, Phillips, Reed,
j Rancher, John Reynolds, Roane, Augu-tine II. Slicpperd,
i   Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Slade, Slo.ine, Sin.th, Spingl i,
I Speight, Standefer, Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor,
Thomas, John Thomson, Toucey, Turrill, Ward, W'eek^,
Wliittlcsey, Sherrod William *, and Wise—133.
NAYS — Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heinan Addii, Ashley,
Bond, Childs, Denny, Evans, Hardin, Hi'lan, Ila.-p-r,
Jenifer, Mercer, Potts, Steele, Underwood, Vinton, and
Lewis Williams—17.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading this day; and having been en-
grossed, it was read the third time and passed.
PENSION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House took up the bill providing for the payment
I of certain revolutionary and other pensioners,
returned from the Senate with an amendment
providing that all payments of ten dollars nnd
under should be made in specie.
Mr. BOND moved to insert " twenty dollars"
instead often dollars;"and, after some remarks,
asked for the yeas and nays on this amendment;
but the House refused to order them, and the
', amendment was negatived.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
I House then resolved itself into the Committee of
i ¡ the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pat-
ton in the chair,) and took up the bill making
I appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year 1836.
The bill having been read at length by the
Clerk,                                                                 '
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose and remarked, that ,
it was proper he should state that, in pursuance of
' a vote of last year, and of a resolution reported
by the committee on the rules and orders of the
i House. n,i appropriation should be inserted in
an appropriation bill, not provided for in a pre-
vious act of Congress. There were some items
in the present bill very m,uch diminish.d from
the estimates, particularly in regard to clerk lure.
The Committee of Ways and Means had conse-
quently provided for the subjects in a separate
bill.
On motion of Mr. A. II. SHEPPERD, the bill
was taken up by sections.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the first section by a general system of reduction
in the salaries of all ihc officers of the Govern-
ment: the President of the United States to
515,000 a year after the present term; a reduction
of one third in the salaries of the Vice President
and heads of Departments; twenty-five per cent,
on the salaries of all the clerks; so that no clerk
should receive less than an annual salary of $800,
&c; members of Congress to six dollars a day,
&c.; which was negatived without a debate or a
division.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD moved to amend the
fourth clause by striking out the sum of (¡,25,000
"for incidental and contingent expenses of the
Department of State, including the expense of
publishing and distributing the laws," and insert-
ing $5,000 for the first object, and $12,000 for pub-
lishing and distributing the laws; and addressed
the committee for some time in support of his
amendment, referring to a variety of estimates
and minute details connected with the incidental
expenses of that Department.
Mr. CAMBR.ELENG said it was impossible
to fix the contingencies of this or any one of the
Departments at any definite sum, though for the
last seventeen years there had invariably been
the sum of $25,00U appropriated for those of the
State Department.
Mr. WISE should not vote for the amendment,
because it included the sum of ¿5,000 for contin-
gencies. He was opposed to the form of the
amendment; and, if it should prevail, he should
then move to amend it by striking out the $5,000.
and inserting a specific sum for the other object.
He remarked upon the large amount these con -
tingencies and ip-identals involved. There were
twenty of them in the present bill, which amount-
ed to an aggregate of $88,845; and there were
many of a much larger amount, particularly un-
der the items for foreign intercourse. He also
dwelt upon the irregularity of inserting these
latter contingencies, and outfits for foreign min-
isters, without its being known that they were,
or would be, confirmed by the Senate. He an-
nounced to the committee that he should vote in-
discriminately against all the contingencies of this
bill, for they were abuses, and might be applied
to partisan purposes. He would vote for no ap-
propriation in this or any other bill,' the object
of which was not known to himself or to the
country.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia.advertcd to the fact,
that every officer disbursing money, whether it
was included in the contingencies or not, was ac-
countable, and was compelled to produce his
vouchers. Such was the case with the incidentals
in the foreign missions, where the minister was
compelled to produce his vouchers for every pay-
ment he made. These expenditures were neces-
sarily incidental,being for postages, translations,
special messengers, &c; and Mr. M. knew, him-
self, of no instan"ein which these incidental appro-
priations had been misapplied. It war; true, that
the experience of the Government had ascertained
the general nature and amount of them, but it
would be impracticable for Congress to enter into
all the petty items they embraced, or to anticipate
the exact sum for each specific object. They
could be governed only by the general scope and
outline, specifying only the limit of the whole
sum, beyond which there should be no authority
to go. With regard to the item under consider-
ation, Mr. M. could not see the necessity of re-
ducing it; though he thought $17,000 was suffi-
cient, he would vote to reduce, but if more should
be appropriated than was required, the balance
would be carried to the credit of the United
States.
Mr. BELL inquired of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] upon what authority it
was tuat the Executive had appointed two min-
isters plenipotentiary to proceed to the dividing
