183*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8 ]
line betwean Ohio and Michigan ? and upon what'
precedent it was that $1,800 of the contingent
fund of last year had been disbursed for that ob-
ject ' Mr. B. commented upon this proceeding
lor some lime. It was an appointment of officers
without thv warrant or authority of law, a dan-
gerous precedent, of which he complained, and
not the amount of compensation paid to those
distinguished gentlemen, (Messrs. Howard and
Rush.) By this principle, under this precedent,
the Executive might appoint as many new officers
as he pleased, in the character of ministers plen-
ipotentiary, Indian agents, Ac. He should make
no motion on the subject, but it was a subject
worthy of deep and grare consideration, to
which he felt bound to call the attention of that
House.
The committee then rose and reported.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
executive communications; which were referred;
and then,
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the House
adjourned at five o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Webxksdat, April 13,1836.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented a petition from
a meeting of sundry citizens of Ohio, praying the
aid of Congress for the completion of the Mays-
ville and Zonesville road; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr PORTER presented the petition of Amos
Webb and Florence Mulford, representatives of
Stephen Tabb; which was referred to the appro-
priate committee.
Mrs BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
a number of merchants, traders and ethers, of
the city of Philadelphia, praying for an appropri-
ation to erect piers to protect vessels in the river
Delaware against the ice, and for the removal of
the bar opposite Fort Mifflin, placed there daring
the revolutionary war; and also praying for an
appropriation for the erection of light-bouses at
such points on the river as may be necessary,
also a similar memorial signed by the presidents
of all the marine insurance companies of said city;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BUCHANAN also presentedfourpetitions
from citizens of Philadelphia, objecting to the
admission of Arkansas into the Union with a
clause in her constitution sanctioning slavery;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. SOUTHARD present^ two similar me-
morials; which were also laid on the table.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented the peti-
tion of sundry citizens of Illinois, praying for
the establishment of a new post route; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. KENT presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Maryland, praying that a survey may
be made of the Chesapeake, and also for appro-
priations for the removal of sand bars at the
mouth of the Potomac-, which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.                                   '
Mr. KENT also presented the petition of John
MeLane, a revolutionary soldier, praying for ar-
rearages of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.                  I
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of cer-
tain inhabitants of Duxbury and Plymouth,
Massachusetts, praying for an appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor of those towns;
which was referred to the Committee oa Com-
merce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the bill from the House for the
relief of Charles Frazier, without amendment.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of L.
Baldwin; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would, at
the first convenient opportunity, ask leave to
bring in a bill to reestablish the currency of the
Constitution for the Federal Government.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following '
resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Raalrti. That the Committee on the Post Office and
PostRaads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Crawfoni*villc, by the way
of Darlinpoii, in Montgomery county; Thomastown, in
Boon county, to Frankfort, in Clinton county.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to;
Raokti, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate, with as hule delay as may be prac-
ticable, the amount of money in tlie Treasury on the 1st of
this month, where deposited, and tlie amount of the liabili-
ties of the several banks of deposit, respectively, with their
mean* of meeting the same; and also the receipts of the
Treasury for the quarter ending tlie 31st March last, arranged
under the heads of customs, public lands, and incidental
receipts.
CONVENTION WITH SPAIN.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
Senate took up the bill giving effect to the eighth
article of the treaty with Spain; and, after adopt-
ing an amendment moved by Mr. Kino, the bill '
was passed.
1                     CHINESE MULBERRY.                     j
The joint resolution introduced on leave by !
Mr. Niles, authorizing the commissioner of
' the public grounds in the city of Washington to
lease a portion of said grounds for the cultivation
of the Chinese mulberry, was taken- up on its
third reading; and, after some remarks from Mr.
SOUTHARD, was, on motion of that gentleman,
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill to pro-
hibit the circulation of incendiary publications
through the mails was taken up.
Mr. BENTON was not willing that the United
States should be made a pack-horse for the Abo-
litionists; but it seemed to him to be going too
far to invest ten thousand postmasters, (for he
believed that was about the number,) with the
authority vested in them by this bill, and he
could not vote for it. The authority was such
a one as would lead to things they might all re-
gret. He was very sorry to vote against any
measure which, even in appearance, had for its
' object the suppression of so great an evil; but
he thought this bill was not calculated to effect
that object.
Mr. GRUNDY hoped that this bill might be
postponed for a short time, so that gentlemen
might turn their attention particularly to it, and,
if it did not suit them, to offer them such a bill
as they could support. This Government was
made to protect and secure the States in all their
rights, and, if so, it was very strange that it
should permit one of its Departments to throw
firebrands among them to destroy them. The
General Government was bound by solemn con-
tract to protect them in their persons and in their
property, and he wished gentlemen to examine
the Constitution, and see whether it prohibited
such a regulation of the Post Office Department
as to prevent the transmission of these mischiev-
ous publications. The States had no Post Office
Department. The power to establish that De-
partment was entirely delegated to tlie General
Government. The power,' therefore, over that
Department by the General Government was
complete, and could not come in conflict with the
State government. He was speaking now as
to the power under the Constitution; and could it
not make all constitutional provisions to regulate
that Department ? He admitted that, although
the power did exist, perhaps no subject was so
liable to be abased, or so dangerous in the exer-
cise of it. A power was, during last summer,
exercised by the Postmaster General, and some
of the postmasters, which answered the purpose;
but they acted without law. If it answered with-
out law, it certainly would with it.
Mr. G. replied to some remarks of the Senator
from Ohio, from whom he differed in opinio  in
regard to the obligation of States to each other
concerning slaves, and cited the constitutional
provision, that any person bound in service, es-
caping into another State, should be given up on
demand.   His object, however, in rising, was to
ask the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal
hoün] to consent to let this bill lay on the table,
to be called up again on Tuesday.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill by strik-
ing out the first section and inserting the follow-
ing:
Limiting the operation of the bill to postmasters where
the newspapers prohibited are to be delivered, and also to
confine it to newspapers, the design and tendency of which
arc to excite insurrection among the slaves. Tin first sec-
tion of the bill embraced papers touching the subject of
slavery, the \iolation of which was prohibited by any of
the States.      *
Mr. NILES said he had offered the amend-
ment for the consideration of the Senate, believ-
ing the bill to be wholly impracticable as it was,
as well as objectionable in principle. He did not
think he could support the bill, should the amend-
ment be adopted, as that would not change its
principle; although he thought it would remove
a large share of the practical evils and incon-
veniences which the law would occasion. He
would explain the difference between his amend-
ment and the bill: the first section of the bill pro-
hibits any postmaster from knowingly receiving
and forwarding in the mail any newspaper,
pamphlet, or other printed or written paper touch-
ing the subject of slavery, into any State, Terri-
tory, or district, the circulation of which is pro-
hibited by the laws of such State, Territory, or
district. It also makes it unlawful for any post-
master to deliver any such prohibited newspa-
per when it shall have reached its destination.
The amendment confines the operation of the
law to the postmasters where the inhibited paper
is to be delivered. This would secure the object
of the bill, and avoid many of the evils and in-
conveniences which would attend it as the pro-
vision now stands. The amendment differs in
another particular from the bill: it limits and
defines tne description of papers which are pro-
hibited. The language in the bill is, " any news-
paper touching the subject of slavery." This is
general and indefinite, and would embrace almost
every periodical in the country. The amendment
confines the law to such papers as are designed
and calculated to excite insurrection among the
slaves. These are the essential points of differ-
ence between the amendment ana the first section
of the bill.
Mr. GRUNDY wished «he gentleman from
Connecticut might consent to strike out the latter
part of his amendment. He thought the better
way would be to have the postmaster not give
out the incendiary papers, but keep them in the
office until the owner called for them, or, on Ms
failure to do so, to destroy them. That modifi-
cation would make it more acceptable to him,
!! and, he had no doubt, to some others.
11     Mr. RUGGLES observed that one of the diffi-
I   culties which, as it appeared to him,was involved
¡ in the first section of the bill, was brought to
;! view by the amendment proposed by the Senator
|! from Connecticut.   The great difficulty was in
II  the postmasters determining what publications
! ¡ were interdicted by law, and what were not—
what publications came within the prohibition,
11 and what were excluded. As the bill was report-
(I ed, all publications touching the subject of slavery
,| were prohibited. The amendment proposed pro-
hibits only those which were designed, and had
a tendency to produce insnrrection among the
slaves. He thought it would be more difficult to
to decide what were designed and had a tendency
to produce insurrection, than todetermine Whether
a publication touched the subject of slavery at
all or not. Both the bill and the amendment were
exceptionable in that respect, botlhe amendment
was more so than the provision of the bill tor
which it was intended as a substitute, ft would
be impossible for postmasters to decid* upon the
design and intent of sil publication!  passing
through the  hands, or deposited in their olfiees,
with any certainty of beinj correct. If this tell
became a law, South Carolina might pass one law
prohibiting the circulation of publications of a
certain description, Virginia might pass ««other
law, and Alabama another, and so on through all
the slaveholding States, alt having the same pur-
pose in view, but differing in their detail  ami in
their terms. Now all the postmasters in the
United States would be obliged to make them-
selves acquainted wkti these State laws, and give
