352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13.
to each a construction according to their best
ludo-ment and discietion. And they would be
required to d< ude conectly at their peril. Could
U be supposed that all of the eight or ten thou-
sand postmast is would arrive it the same eon-
cIumoiis in regard to the tiue constiuction of
these sm ral State laws' And w hat would be
the consequents of a mistakes They must
give a true construction to each on their peril5
They will be liable to incur a penalty on the one
hand or the o'her. If they permit the circulation
of publications, which a court should decide to
be within the piohibition of the law, the penalties
of this bill would attach, if they stop what should
ultimately be decided not to be within the prohi-
bition, according to the construction given to the
law, tíiey would be hablo under the piesent post
office laws. Now, however correct postmasters
may be in regard to other matters, they are not
all lawyers,and could not with unci ring certainty
determine the character of every publication, and
have their opinions stand the test of a judicial
decision The courts themselves might differ.
It seemed to him that the amendment lequinng
postmasters to decide upon the design and intent
was exceedingly objectionable, as throwing ad-
ditional embarrassments in their way, in the per-
foi manee of their duties, and for that reason he
could not vote for it.
Mr. NILES said the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Ruggles] had passed over the chief provision in
the amendment, and taken an exception to a com-
paratively unimportant part of it. The great
object of the amendment is, to restrict the opera-
tion of the bill to offices where the prohibited pa-
pers are to be delivered, which will of course be
only in those States winch have, or may enact
laws prohibiting the circulation of such publica-
tions. This amendment would so change the
bill, that it would not have the slightest opeiation
on all the postmasters in thuteen States in the
Union.
As the bill now is, it would be an impracticable
law;it would notbe possible to execute it; it would
paialyze and destroy the entire mail establish-
ment. It requires duties of postmasters which they
cannot perform, without delaying and deranging
the whole operations of the mail. It confers on
a deputy postmaster, a mere ministerial officer,
Federal powers; and requires him to decide ques-
tions of the most difficult and delicate character;
to put a construction on the laws of a State, and
determine what publications are prohibited by
such laws. To decide what is incendiary matter
would be similar to deciding what is a libel—what
constitutes blasphemy or heresy. Of all cases
ever tried before judicial tribunals these are the
most difficult and uncertain. YetaFedeial power
similar to this is to be conferred on all the post-
masters in the United States. What is the num-
ber of periodical publications in the city of New
York' Piobably fifty or more of every descrip-
tion, many of them daily. They must all be ex-
amined before they can be lawfully forwarded,
and of couise time must be allowed for the per-
formance of this service. These are, most of
them, of a miscellaneous character, made up from
other publications, and of course each paper must
be carefully examined in its entire contents, to
see if it contains anything touching the subject
of slavery. This would be utterly impractica-
ble.
He was aware that the same difficulty would
exist to some extent under the amendment, but
it would be confined to the offices where the
prohibitory laws prevailed—where the evil from
the circulation of such papers is apprehended. In
those States the postmasters would be better ac-
quainted with the State laws, and the public sen-
timent would be favorable to their execution.
He must admit that there would be a difficulty
in executing the law, should the amendment be
adopted; but it would be confined to the States
interested in the law, and would be less at offices
where the prohibited paper was to be delivered
than where it might be received, to be forwarded
in the mail. A difficulty in the application was
always experienced in acting on a new, doubtful,
and untried principle.
He regarded the principle of the bill as unsound
and dangerous, and did not think it could be
modified in any way, so as to remove his objec-
tions. This principle will work a change in the
mail establishment—a change from a free institu-
tion to one restricted and subjected to a legah?ed
system of imputation and espionage He would
not go so fai as the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dvvis,] and say that this was an infraction
of the first aiticle of the amendments to the Con-
stitution, it might not be stnetly an inteifereiice
w ith the liberty of the piess, but it was a conflict
with the spirit of that provision, for circulation
and publication were intimately connected; and
to limit and restrict the great public channel of
circulation was to impair the efficiency of the
press by denying to it the only public facility of
circulation provided by our laws. The public
mail, like the press, should be free—free as the
air we breathe; the nature, design, and useful-
ness of it íequire this. If you take away this
essential attribute, confidence in it may be de-
stroyed, and its character may be entirely changed.
The public mail is the most important and benefi-
cent of all the institutions of the Fcdeial Govern-
ment; it is one of unmeasured good, and brings
its blessings to every man's door. It is one of
those institutions that we must be careful how
we touch.
The Senator from Maine supposes that the
amendment would render it moie difficult to ex-
ecute the law, as the description of papers pro-
hibited would be less definitely pointed out. This
may be tiue. But the question is not which rule
would be the most easy of application, but winch
is the most just' The language in the bill is so
general and indefinite that it would apply to al-
most all papers of every desiription; the words,
touching the subject of slavery, arc as extensive
as any that could be used; it would be easy to
apply them, as they would embrace all the news-
papers in the country, as all allude to the subject
of slavery. But would not this give an operation
to the law dangeious and alarming' The amend-
ment would confine it to newspapers, the design
and tendency of which are to excite insurrection
among slaves—to those calculated to produce the
mischief which it is the object of the law to pre-
vent. He thought the evil, however, within the
reach of State legislation, and should like to see
the energies of that applied to it before we were
called on to enact laws on the subject. State
laws could take hold of these publications the
moment they came from the post office, and stop
their circulation, or require them to be surren-
dered up to a magistrate and destroyed. How-
ever he might deprecate the circulation of these
mischievous publications, he was not satisfied
that there was any urgent necessity for calling
in the agency of this Government.
Mr. RUGGLES replied that, if ho understood
the amendment offered, it went to indorse all the
| laws of the several states which should hereafter
be passed, interdicting the circulation of publi-
cations designed or having a tendency to pi oduce
insurrection among the slaves of such States.
The Senator says that the design and intent
would be the important object of inquiry—that
criminality cannot be determined without ascer-
taining the motive and design with which the act
is done. That would indeed be a very propei
and necessary matter to be inquired into when the
original author of the publication should be put
upon his trifll; but he presumed it was not the
intention of the Senator to tiansfer the criminal-
ity from the author of the publication to the post-
master who permits us cnculation. The crimi-
nality of the author would not, or ought not, to
be the subject of inquiry any further than was
necessary to determine whether the postmaster
decided correctly or otherwise, as to the design
or tendency of the publication on which he passes
judgment. He objected to the amendment on the
giound that it would be impossible for postmas-
ters to determine in most cases as to the design
and intent of the publication. He is required to
judge at his peril of the design of the author,
which he cannot possibly know. He cannot
procure evidence; he cannot examine witnesses
for the purpose of proving the design, nor even
the tendency of the publication ho is to judge of.
Yet when he u arraigned in court fot delivering
out publications contrary to law, he is to tie
judged on evidence to which, in forming his opin-
ion, he had no access.    A court can summon
witnesses and obtain evidence; but postmasters
in their offices have no opportunity or means of
taking testimony to establish facts which they
must decide under a penalty for every mistake of
judgment.
Mi. NILES. The Senator from Maine does
not appear to undt i stand the amendment. There
is nothing in it which duects an inquiiy into the
motives or intentions of the publisher; the in-
quiry is confined to the publication, and has
nothing to do with the publisher. The language
is, that "no newspaper, the design and tendency
of which are to incite insuirection among slaves.
The inquiry will be as to the characterand tend-
ency of the paper, as to its general object and
purpose, and the tendency of such a publica-
tion.
Mr. RUGGLES then obse-ved that he might
have mistaken the views of the Senator in pro-
posing the amendment. He did understand him
to say that the motive and des.gn with which any
publication was made, was the important matter
to be determined. But if it was not the object
of his amendment to impose such a duty on post-
masters, and it should be modified so as to em-
brace the question of tendency only, he should
have less objection to it.
Mr. CALHOUN said that,in bringing this sub-
ject before the Senate, he had done his duty. He
had brought it befoie them with the aid of the
special committee appointed for that purpose,
and it depended on them whether it should pass.
All he asked was, that there should be a final
vote on this subject; and this was due to those
he represented, that they might distinctly know
whether theie was a power in this Government
to arrest the evil that all acknowledged to exist;
and i( there be such a power, whether there
was a disposition to exercise it for the remedy of
that evil. The attacks of these incendiaries was
through the mails, using the press as an auxiliary.
This was an acknowledged evil, and the question
was, had they the power to arrest it' If we have
no power, (said Mr. C.,) lft us say so at once; but
if we have the power, lot us understand the ex-
tent of it, and vhy this power is not exercised.
Let this (said he; be told to our constituents. Let
it be told to them, if the mere convenience or in-
convenience of the mails is considered of more
lmpoitance than their existence. He had done
his duty, and the responsibility now rested on the
majority. He could not but be suipused at the
course of the friends of the Executive He had
heard Senators denounce this measure, recom-
mended by the Executive,as unconstitutional,as
tyrannical, or an abuse of power, who never be-
fore dared whisper a word against the Adminis-
tiation. What was he to understand from this'
Was it because the present Executive was going
out of power, that his influence was declining'
Was he to understand fiom this, that it was now
for the first time discovert d that the man who
never eried had committed the mo«t monstrous
errois, recommending an abridgement of the lib-
erty of the press and a tyiannical espionage over
the post office ' The veiy thing they denounced
as proposed to be done by Congiess, was now
informally done by one bianch of this Admin-
istration. They all knew that many of the post-
ulasteis at the North, and all of the postmasters
at tile South, had refused to receive these incen-
diary publications for transmission through the
mails, yet this bill, giving the authority of law to
that which was now done without authority, was
denounced by Administiation members as a most
tyrannical abuse of powei, while they did not
raise a whisper against those officcis of the Ad-
ministration who now exeicise this pow< r.
He must express his surprise, that gentlemen
who now denounced this measure, w Inch was to
legalize what had been done without authority,
had sat there sdent during the whole session,
knowing that what they deemed such an uncon-
stitutional abuse of power was carried on. Why
did they not introduce a resolution to inquire into
these abuses ' Why did they not denounce them
at first, instead of wait ng until the action of Con-
gress was proposed ' There was a strange dis-
ease in the public mind. They permitted the Ex-
ecutive to do without censure what they refused
to permit Congiess to do. If the Executive
trampled on the laws and Constitution, not a word
