f:-  !?,
THE COMRESSIOME GLOBE.
 - *i
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
F\*st Session-, 2-ftH Cojígress.
MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 23.
was said; but when Congress came to legalize
what the Exi cutive luid done, and to do what he
had recommended, then the liberty of the press
■was assaulted and the Constitution violated. Mr.
C. here referred to the President's protest, and to
the removal of ih" deposits, citinsc them as abuses
of power, and spoke of the deposit banks as being
arreaterevil than the Bank of the United States.
Mr. GRUNDY said, no doubt the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhocx] was tha best
judge himself as to whether he had done hisduty
to his country; but, in his (Mr. G.'s) humble
judgment, he' would not put the bill into the
hands of enemies to do with it as they pleased.
He could not say as to the correctness of the
Senator from South Carolina in his belief that the
majority were going aeainst the bill. If he had
reference to the objections made by the Senators
from Ohio and Maine, and wished them brought
' in os party grounds, that would look a good deal
like making it a party question, and be. did not
know whether it was best to do so. Although
the party went together in most eases j yet they
reserved the right to differ in some instances, *nd
could not be kept together on all questions. The
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Nilbs,] who
vas, undoubtedly, a very faithful supporter of
the Administration, had, in this very case, dif-
fered tirara the Executive recommendation; but
that did nm make him an anti-Administration man.
Where they could conscientiously support the
executive .recommendations, the friends of the
Administration went dispos: d to do so; but if a
Senator, who was no Administration man, should
occasionally vote against an executive recom-
mendation, he was not considered, on that ac- !
count,ananti-AdmiBifctration man; nor if tli« Sen-
Mor from Ssuth Carolina [Mr. Calhou*] should
happen to vote for an ex-cutive recommendation, !
it would not make hint an Administration man.
Bat he would say this much, that if the Senator
from South CaroKna would bring in all his party
to the support of die bil!, tliey would, he had no
doubt, be able to carry it. But where would this
party logic lend to? tf (said Mr: G.) we bring
in all the Administration party in support of this
bill, then the Senator from South Carolina would
leave us. And, indeed, he thought that Senator
already not thzaaloas tú at first. Mr. G. thought
this a delicate question, and one that ought not to
be acted on hastily, fie would like to bear the
views of others in relation to it. He wanted,
however, a riiinT action on it this session.
Mr. CALHOUN said the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Gscsor] «vasuinch mistaken rn sup- :
posing he refected any «ensure upon him asan
Administration man. ■ fhe President himself had
given his recommendation, going much farther
in this matter than to bad. The gentleman was
correct in saying that, in the general range of
parry discipline, they reserved the right (o act for
themselves; but he mm in this House men who,
by raising thi*r finger, could make this* party
question. It was his opinion that they made
nothing a party question that was not connected
•-with the spoils. The same party had been
brought to bear on the expunging resolution, the
deposit question, the surplus funds, and which
had kept those funds where they now were, in
the hands of speculators, who were to be brought
to bear on She people. That power was brought to ,
bear on the spoils: and although the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Nilei] had dissented in this
case, he would have foftnd it a little hazardous to
have went against the executive recomnlendation
in regard to tlie 'removal of the deposits, or the
recliarter of the United States Bank. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Gbckdt] had put j
Tuesday as the day to postpone the btll'to. That
Sjnator and liimsc-lf agreed in the general. They
had had conversations respecting the bill, and
his remarks were not intended to apply to him; i
but he feared that the bill, having grown out of
the subject of the executive message, might take I
a p*j* of the Administration frote it* support,     j
23
Mr. GRUNDY observed that it was hard that
the Senator from South Carolina and himself
could not get along when they agreed. W« agree
(said he) as tq the object, but as to tha meat)* of
effecting it we way disagree, though not essen-
tially.
Mr. CALHOUN said that his remarks had no
application to th« Senatorfrom. Tennessee, whom
he knew, from frequent conversations with him,
was in favor of the principles of the bill.
Mr. GRUNDY continued. As to the respons-
ibility being with the majority, he did not know
how the blame would be apportioned ou', if he
(one of the majority referred to) should be in the
minority with the gentleman on this bill; for the
gentleman's friends over the way might come ¡
forward in a solid phalanx, and vote tlieiu down
Now, he did not atrree th.at.it was necessary that
the twenty-five friends of the Administration
should always go together in all tilings. He, it
was very well known, went with the Adminis-
tration on most occasions, hut there might be
cases where he could not agree with them, and
there he would leave them. So also it might be
with other friends of the Administration, and
with regard to 'his bill. If the majority voted
for all the recommendations of the Executive, it
might be said of them, that they only registered
the edicts of the Executive,a tolerably harsh ex-
pression, which had with great injustice been
used towards them. If, on the other hand, the
majority did not go together for the measures
of the Executive, they would be charged with
defeating his recommendation. He did not think
this fair. If the measure failed, the majority
should not be justly blamed as a party, but each
individual member owght-to-bear the responsi-
bility for the part he took. Tjie Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr..DavisJ whom he heard
yesterday, cemsctenfitfitsly Believed"(hat this bill
would be a violation of the Constitution, and an
assault on the liberty of the press; and,'on the
contrary, tte Senator from South Carolina be-
. he ved that the measure woo just ana necessary,
and perfectly within the constitutional pWwer of
Congress. He should not say that the Senator
from Somh Carolina was an Administration man,
because he voted for a mensure recommended by
the Executive; nor wtrald he Say that the Senator
from Massachusetts was a  anti-Adminfotr<ttion
man, for voting against it'; because he believed
that the gentleman might be considered a very
good Administration man,and to be relied on on
most occasions. Believing that the bill was a
safe and constitutional measure, and that the
time* «died for it, heshottldvote for it with some
-modification*. . He did not design to go into an
argument on its merits at that time, a* bethought
that it had better be laid on the table for the pres-
ent. He should aid the Senator from' South
Carolina in calling; It up whenever U did not
interfere1 with the railroad bill to which he hud
referred.
Mr. CUTHBERT had tio disposition, at pres-
ent, to say anything as'to'matters mpre particu-
larly before the Senate; but his purpose would be
to state what, perhaps, though not stated, had
weighed With al most eveVy gentleman Who wished
the passage of this bill. AH thought alike on the
circumstances of the country on which this bill
was intended W operate. A'great Republic,com-
posed of several different republics, covering,*
vast extent of territory, under the influence and
restraintsof a General Government; and the ques-
tion occurred, will that General Goiewiment show
a disposition to protect one or more of tliesa re-
public* against plot* hatched agamsttheir internal
peace? If this was a just view of the subject,
then, though the measure should not be carried
into complete effect, ye.t the sanction given to the
principle, that this Government shouldjjrotect, as
far a* the legitimate exercise of its power* per-
mitted, the several member* of the Confederacy,
would have the most beneficial tendency. To ,
prevent the effect «f parties, «hat sanation would !
be all important by austainin ; on the one hand,
' and restraining on the other He called upon
gentlemen, therefore, to cwh-nvor to give to this
measure that modified form unobjectionable to
any party, that would calm the feelings of the
southern States, by showing them that the States
, which do not hold slaves shall not become arm-
ories for the forging of arms with which to assail
them. This was all that the southern States de-
manded; all that a sense of justice and humanity
required; and was dictated by the soundest policy
i as well as by every patriotic feeling.
Observations in reference to this subject had
been made by the gentleman from South Carolina,
which he much regretted to hear on that floor.
He wished that the gentleman would restrain the
frequent repetition of such expressions, as t!iey
necessarily brought on htm, he ft>ared, a suspicion
of his sincerity. Why (said Mr. C.) should this
be a party question? It would show a, wicked-
ness, a recklessness of the welfare of Our common
country, in any man, to endeavor to make it so.
He wished the geuil.-ro,.u  wooW restrain the ex-
pression of such feelings, astsouthera rights might
be injuriously affected by a frequent recurrence
to topics of this kind.
Mr. CALHOUN touched those topics because
, he knew there was a potent power ip. this Gov-
ern rn,ent,and when be heard the opposition com'kjg
from the quarter itdid tb's morniqg,, ho confessed
he thought it withdrawn from this btlli He dif-
fered from the Senator fiom Georgia IjM-r.. Corfl-
bert] in adverting tfi the n sponsibtbty of the
majority in regard tothismatter.   It wagfsajuiary
i to bring public attention to it. He wajj.eirry to
see the Senator frftui Tennessee £Mfc G;tcfcT T]
employ hi* wit in so grave and solrmnlti quest  .
I He must say his wit was good antL Ins reasons
j feeble. He alluded to the power it ti vested in tile
Government by its patronage, aftd the immense
amount of money at its djs;x>*vl,MirK]-itfl control
I of ¿be press.   All he asked wa£ that tli^Exequ,-
l tive should keep the people in a stare ofharmony.
I He objected to ihft power «xerciáeil, Ijecnuse he
had seen its abuse whan applied fo the removal
of lh« puWie dupntsits, ailcl its di*t,riUu-w)M) of-the
spoil . The Executive! had expressed:ihunsL'lf
boldly in regard tosuopresstng these pubü«i<ti.*ns,
and he would say, manly; and ho would jo liiin
thejusticetosay hebehevodh m sintiere, ajtlvough
1 mistaken ia th.s' matter. H«.> < Mr< 0.^ hod- not
abandoned his interest in tins bill; luí had put it
into the hands of a stronger naity.   He was
1 liappy to hear the general n marks of tht) Senutor
from,Georgia, [Mr. Cctii*ert.]   He wanted the
I country should baye tlndr eyes' tjpoo ¡i,   Otfe
j.pojnt.he could not abandon,and thaj. *as to l*ave
I a final vote p|i the bill, and thatfee Wft8.a*tjrnli u:d
to have.   If the Senator from Tennessee would
¡ «a|l it up in a reasonable time", he wo«*ld cawwrtt
to ifs.postoortemeni.
Mr. GRUNDY thought! that thf-y could get
along with this bill without making it a party
question. What division on "it there would be
among the friends of the Administration, he was
not-able to «ay; though he thought, the most •of
them were friendly to the prineHKs involved.
Then, if the gentleman Would get his f¡ ¡ends' over
the way to give the bill" their support, it ni ght
be earned, «ficen if the Administration shottla-jbje
against thero.   The Senator "said/that be,had
>e*titt¡se4 s m¿ «¿it, «nd that hid wit. was good
white b¿* feaaotu'ag was. weak  He wmijd not
 ay whether hi  reasoning was good or otherwise;
Jie would leave that to be judged of by others;
but ho would say, that it Was better to have the
wit good than tp bare both wit and reasoning
bad.   He would not make this amplication to the
-Senator from South Carolina. He had thought
that what he said was in the legitimate-course of
argument  and he spoke in his own way, as be
had done on frequent occasions*
. He thought the best course would be to lay the
bill on tb  table, *«. further discussion would only
coaauma time without producing *ny practical
