.iWk'
TUB CONORE8SÍONL41. GLOBE
-«35
previous question upon the former, as in that
case it would be the main question. He had no
idea of calling upon rogues for*-an. account of
their own conduct.
Objection being made,      '   -
Mr. WISE moved o, suspension of the rules,
.and asked for the yeas and nays, .which were or-
dered, uml were- .yea* ?6> nays'96! as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Hiuttn AJlen, Bell, Bond,   ,
Bunch, JolinCalboon, William 15. Calhoun, Carter, Chiids,
Nathaniel ,^.; (.t«bonici< Ciarll, ,-Corwin, Crane, Denny,   ,
Evans, Everett, Piulo Ü. Fuller, James Garland, Granger, :
««awe , Gnfita, Hiland Hail, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper,   ¡
Albert G. Uankou,   tjaaelttn*, Hei-ter,  Hoar, Howell, 1
William Jackson, John IV. Jones, Lanier, Lawrence, Luke
Lea, Lewi-, Liniolii, Love, Loyali, Lyon, Martin, John V.
Ma&on, Maury, McUarty.MeCoiiias,-McKay, McKennan,   i
Mercer, MUligao, Morris, Paiton. Pettigrew, reyton, Phil-  \
lips, lteed, Russell, Augustine; H. ghepperu, Shields: Blade,
Sloane, Spangler, Standefer, Steele, Siorer, Taliaferro,
Wuddy Thompson,   UnderWttod,   Vinton,  Washington,
White, Whittlesey, Shcrrod Williams, and Wise—75.         '
, NAVeJ—Messrf, Anthony, Ask¿ Barton, Bean, Beaumont, j
Bocfcee, Boon, Boyd, Bums, Cambreleng, Casey, George
Chambers, Cbaqey, Chanto, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleve- i,
land, Coffee, Conner, Crati, Cramer, Cushiimn, Dickcrson,
Doubleday, Drouigoalr, Duntap, Fairfield, Farlin, Fowler,
French, Fry, VVUIiaft K. Fuller, Gajbraith, Giltet, Glas-
cock, Joseph Hall, burner, Ilannezan, Samuel S. Uanrison,
Havves, ffawkino,; H.iyne-*, Henderson, Holsey, Hopkins,
Hubley, Huntsman, Jabez Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Cave
Johnson, Josepn Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Judtdn,
. KiUjore, tünnard, Kangvosmith,Lane,Gideon Líe, Joshua
Lee," Thomas Lee, Leonard, Logan, Job Mann, Manning,
Moses Mabon, William 3Wa dn, May, McKiui, McLene,
< Montgomery, Moore, Morgan,'0#ena, Page, Parker, Pants,
Patterson, Uutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Poelpi, Potts,
John Keynolds, Seymour, Sinnn, Sickles, Smith, Speight,
Sutheiland, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Toucey,
Turrill, Wagener, Ward, Webster, and Week*—98.,
So-the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then rose, and remarked,
that he haJ intended waiting till to-morrow morn-
ing before asking leave again to offer his resolu-
tion; but, believing the House then to be probably
as full as it would be to-morrow, he thought it as
well to aaeertajn at once whether leave would be
.granted. , Hethercforemovedaiuspensionof the
rute till one o'clock this day, for the purpose of
. offering the resolution indicated.   (See abeve.)
Mr. HOPKINS askeá for the yeas and nay ;
whieh were ordered.   -
Mr. STORER and Mr. WJSE suggested vari-
ous modifications to Mr. DROMGOOLE, who
stated that, if the rule was suspended, they could
be offered as amendments, and they were with-
drawn.              _
The question Was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas J56Í, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hernán Alien, Anthony, Ash, Barton,
Beal, Bean,Beaumont, Bell, Bockee, Boon,Bouldin,Eoyd,
Banca, burn?, William Bi Calhoun, Cambrelang, Ca-ey,
Clianey, Chapiu. Nathaniel H Claiborne, John F. H. Clai-
borne, Clark, Cleveland. Codee, Connor, Corwin, Craig,
Cramer, Crane, CHshmui; DarMnütnní Denny Dicker.on,
Doubleday, Oromgooie.JJunlap, Evans, Everett, Fairfield,
Farlui, Fowler, Fieuctf,Tnild C. Fuller, William K. Fuller,
Galferaith, James Oartalid, &uVt, (Shisooek, Granger, Grant -
latul,Gfkveti,Giirmi, Jo«pti Holl,Hibu>d Hall, flamer, Una
negan, Samjel 8; Harri ou, Albert G. II&rf$ou, Hawes,
Hawkius, Holies, UiizelUnG.'IIoBder.soii, (leister, Holsey.
Hopkins, Howell, Hnbley^ tluntsman,'William Jackson)
Jabez Jackson, Janes, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. John-
son, Henry Johnson, John VV. Jones, Jud ou,K|lgoFC, Klin-
fen-mid!, Lane, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay. Uidcdn Lee,
o¿hua Lee, Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lincoln,
Logan, Loyal!, Lucas, Lyon, Job Mann, Manning, Martin,
4eun Y. Mason, Wriliam Mason, Moses Mfeoit, Maury,
HeUarty, McUomas, McKay, McKennan, McKim. Mc-
Lene Mercer, Milligan, Mnn;gomcryjMonre,Mnrgao, Mor-
,ris, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Pattoa, Frank-
lin Pierce. Dutee J. Peaiee, James A. Pearce, Pettigrew,
Phelpi, Pbillipi, Potts, Reed, John Reynold*, Rogers', Rus-
sell, S.'jinoui, Autusiiae H. Shepperd; Shields, Storm,
Sickle iS;ade, Sloane, riinith, Spauglar, Speight, Standeier,
Steele, Stofer, Sutliertand, Taliaferro, Taylor, Thomas,
John Thomson, Toucey, Turrill, Underwood, Vandcrpoel,
Vinton, Wagenei, Ward, Washington, Webster, Weeks,
IVhite, and Shc'rrod WiWasis—138.
NAYS—Mews, Bond, Buchanan, Carter, George Cham-
bers, Fry, Hard, Hardin, Harlan,Harper, Jarvis, Cave John-
son, Kenuo , Klnnard, Lewis, Love, Peyton, Waddy
Thompson, Whit , and Wise—id.
"  So the rule was suspended.
The CHAIR remarked tha* the resolution of
Mr. DrowbOole would, under the rule, He ove*
one day.                                   ,
■ Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped -there would be no
Objection to considering the resolution at that
time.        '        "
Objection being made, Mr. WISE moved to
suspend the rule for this day, for the purpose of
considering the resolution; which was negatived
without a count.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the resolution was
ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution from the Senate, fixing a
day for the adjournmentof Congress, came up in
order.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to postpone its
consideration until the first Tuesday in May.
Mr. SPEIGHT objected to the postponement
to the day mentioned: he would not approve its
postponement for one week.
Mr. CAMBRELENG reminded the gentleman
that the day named by himself was not distant.
He was opposed to fixing any day fur the adjourn-
ment until the bill in relation to the public de-
posits was passed by Congress.
Mr. SPEIGHT was anxious that the bill, to
which the gentleman had referred, should be acted
on. When a day was fired fbr the adjournment,
the business of the Houae would progress with
more regularity and dispatch.
Mr. HARDIN was in favor of the motion of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cambre-
lkng.] No good (he contended) would result
from acting on the resolution at present. Mr. H.
adverted to the great number of bills unacted on,
and particularly the bill extending the. pension act
of 1832, which he was anxious should be passed,
and which he believed would be sustained by a
majority of the House. If they slrould npt be
prepared to .dispose of the resolution on the day
named by the gentleman from New York, they
could further postpone it.
Mr. TOUCEY hoped the motion of the gentle-
man from, New York would prevail. The com-
mittees of the House had been maturing and
laboriously preparing business for the final action
of the House. A mus of important business
had in that way beet  brought before the body.
It was to be hoped that the long political speeches
of the session )iad been delivered—especially
those in reference to the presidential election.
The Ifouse had, for a few days past, manifested
a disposition to dispose of the legitimate public
business, When the day named by the gentle-
man from ííew York arrived, they could then act
more understanding^ on the resolution.
Mr. MERCER thought nothing would be
gained by now fixing a day for the adjournment.
Were they to do so, much time would be spent
by motions to suspend the rule , in order to give
precedence to particular measures.             ,,
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, obtained the1 floor;
but the hour having arrived, theChair announced
the special order.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House, in further execution of the special order
of the 26th of January, resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Patto.v in the chair) and resumed
the consideration of ^the bill mailing appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year 1836.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
A. H. SnfippERD to amend the fourth clause by
striking out the sum of $25,000 " for incidental
and contingent expenses of the Department of
'State, including' the expense of publishing and
distributing the laws," and inserting the sura of
$5,000 for the former object, and$12|0G0 for pub-
lishing and distributing the laws.
Mr. JOHNSON, «f Tennessee, remarked that
it was' impossible for the House to gó into every
minutiae then of contingent expenditure, for pens,
ink, drc, though he advocated the most econom-
ical expenditure uf that fund; and it was his
intention, either then, or at some future ptoge
of the bill, to offer an amendment applying tf
all the incidentals and contingencies. ,^0 should
offer it as an amendment to the bill, or as an ad-
ditional clause to it. In aubstauce it was as fol-
low : To make it the duty of the Secretaries
of State, the Treasury* and War, the heads of
bureaus, and the Postmaster General, to lay be-
fore Congress, in the first week of January iu
each year, a statement exhibiting the expenses
of the previous year of the various items appro-
priated by Congress under the head of contingent
expenses, specifying each item of expenditure,
and name of persons to whom the money vu
paid..
Mr. MASON, of Virginia; to whom the inter-
rogatory had yesterday been directed, replied to
the question of Mr. Í3ell as to the authority
for sending two ministers plenipotentiary. Mr.
H. denied that these distinguish- d gentlemen
(Messrs. Howard and Rush) went in that char-
acter; but that they were mere agents. He went
on to show,,at length, from the directions given
to tfioso gentlemen, that the President had done
nothing more than his constitutional duty re-
quired him to do. These gentlemen were mere
agents, sent to collect information, an appoint-
ment the President had the constitutional power
to make. Mr. M. hadno other means of know-
ing the views of the Executive than what was to
be found in the communications sent tothe Houae,
the President's message on the subject, with the'
accompanying documents, and the opinion of the
Attorney General, from all of which he quoted
various extracts, There was a multiplicity of
instances of the same kind of appointments, orex-
erciso of discretionary power, in Mr. Jefferson's,
time,, (Burr's case,) in Mr. Monroe's, in Mr.
Adam*'s, and during the present Administration,
sending an agent to the Creek country. There
wero numberless instances, from the foundation
of the Government, where agents were sent in
this way for a special purpose. The peculiar
structure of our system of Government, .having
no Home department, rendered die exercise Of
this small discretionary, power occasionally in-
dispensable, under the application of the princi-
ple salui rtipvblkx iuprtma lex. Mr. M.reviewed
at length the circumstances growing ont of Ú\e
Michigan controversy, and oodtended the Presi-
dent had most emphatically done his. dtuy.-and
nothing more.                      ,          .,-•,,
Mr. BELL thought this a very important «ob-
ject, and one that should be discussed, though he
had no desire to bring on a protrafcfc-d debate.
He was not, however, to be deterred from the
discussion of questions of this description byithe
taunts and jioes of gentlemen, who. were con-
stantly throwing out the ebai-ge Uiat it wa« done
for the purpose of bri.iging.upa political debato.
He reiterated the complaint, that no other oppor-
tunity liad been, or, would be, affojdtd for con-
sidering important measures; and, he had Jiad
resolutions in hi&drawer from the commencement
of the session, waiting for an opportunity to be
offered. He contended that the gentlemen sentto
the Michigan boundary did go in the, character of
ministers plenipotentiary. It was true, that at first
the difficulty assumed a serious nsneot, but net so
much so as the controversy with South Carolina,
where no special minister had <-ver been sent.
He maintained that the President hid exceeded
his authority by the appointment in-question, and
that he had no right to send those nzsms there
without a nomination tn, and coniirmittjon by, the
Se.iate. It was the introduction of a-dangerous
principle, which would enabl«, the President to
act ad libitum, and without ,autltority of law.
One of the,precedents referred to lr.y thegei tle an
from Virginia waa thnt of Mr.K'-ytQ AlfcbnWui
and it was the case citod by Mr- B. yc-eterday, as
the only other he knew.of a like character. He
found Mr. Key was pajd from October, 1^33  to
January, 1834,  3,4ü0,and the-agents to Michigan
'^t,8U0. It was not the amount of compensation,
however, that he condemned, but the principle
now for the first time inürqduy;qd-ra,ljM>inoiple re-
plete with the most dire and dWructi-ve.conse-
quences to a Tree Government. '
Mr. WISE said this was one of the best case 
that could be given against the conrintmiKW of
these pure or impure coatingeocie . , H«re «were
embassadors, agents, or missionaries appointed
without a. nomination to the Senate,, and the
money actually paid to them for their serviqe*,
without the House of Representatives «ver hav-
ing been called upon to make the appropriation.
It was under the head of contingencies that these
illegal .payments were made; and this fact demon-
strated the necessity of no longer passuv: any
more contingent appropriations. Mr. W. re-
viewed the opinion of the Attorney General,and
contended that the President, in the appointment
of Messrs. Howard and Rush.htid departed from
that opinion. Mr. Butler stated, thqt the Presi-
dent had the power of removing the^officera and
appointing others in fteir placea; but be made no
