f\
Tmntx)w*imQT*W(XH,Qm
ought to but  the —en  wianijtity given to her that I
had been given to other lievr States. Uwftsper-I
frctly certain, also, that if this grant to Missis-
sippi should be retained in the bill, she wouldgct
nothing, for even if the bill passed, it was known,
from the «towmJ sentiments of the Executive;
that it must recei \ e his Teto. As a representative
of Miseissippi, therefore, he wo* M not perform
his duty to his State, if he atood by and silentjy
permitted this great 10 pase in a bill which never
«mid become a law, and, in coriseeAKB&e of
which, Mississippi would receive no grant.
Mr. PORTER, took a different mew of this
matter, in regard to his Sute, from the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Walks .] He voted for
including the State of Louisiana in the bill irftro-
duccd by that Senator, and he should also vote
for this. It wee doing an act of justice to Louisi-
ana. He did not feel aathoriced to modify hi 
views or sqoare his acta to meet the views of the
President. He did not feel authorized to say the.
President, would not take a ¿liferent view of the
measure from what he had taken formerly. He
knew he did not change his views very oftpri.
Bat, whatever might b% bis views, he (Mr. P.)
considered it his dwyto trote for «11 grants to
Louisiana, let them eeme in What shape they
roign ? and be waa sorry the Senator from Mis-
sissipTH did net concur with him. But the Sen-
ators from Mississippi and Missouri «itierstood
the mteresta of their States better than he did,
mti he would vote for their amendments.
Mr. CLAY observed that the provisions in the
bill, by which grants of lands were made to the
new States, were made oa the principles of equal-
isation ami compromise. In that view the giants
were made ia Louisiana, Missouri, and all the
new. Sutes except Ohio, so as to bring their
donations up to the quantity that had been re-
ceived by the kst-meniioned State.    So far an
his vote went, he should vote toexptMtge from the
Ml the grant to any new State, whose two Sen- 1
ators concurred in desiring it to be so-expunged. {
He weald here observe, that any reference to i
what the President woettao, with regar* to a !
measure pending before the House, waa net al-
together parliamentary;- anO if -each a reference
were made in the English Parliament, as to the
opinions of the King, it would be immediately
decided to be «at of order.   And here, too, the
aame question of order would have been raised,
if they had not gone further than they ever had
ia Hnglend as to executive responsibility.   The
proper rute waa? that each Department of the
Government should perform it  duty without
considering the opinions or wisben of the «tner
Departments.
The Senator from Mississippi, however, had
Ho warrant far his opinions as to what,the Presi-
dent wouM do with regard to this bífl j unless he
got It from tate conversations with him. in the
message ef Mafe, the President laid it «Own, that
Congress had the power ovar  ■« ptobtíc hrtds
as broad as any one had; and, in pursuance óT^ftat
>Wn« «opposed to be niereednwñendatíOnei the hill
to distribute the proceeds of the public laifda-was
frameaV,' bu* things had materially altered since
(he President's veto. A large portion of the
public domain had been aold.end a large surplus
nadaaeurattlated ia the Treasury, which it waa
highly haeeasary to dispose of. These eire« ¿
stances would justify the President in going back
to hia .first opinion*. The mostthe Senator from
Mississippi eouldsay was, that thaPvesidant had 1
giv« two opinion  as to the p«rb«e lands; one in !
the m«>snge of 1832, the other in the veto mis-1
•age; but which of the two, nadar the present
state of things, ha writ adhere to, be «aald not 1
know, unless from conversations with Tiim. In I
'-the .vemjmeM&gc the President laid it down that
.they had nought to grant money orisons to the
new Sutes, and he referred to  the actof cession
to ahowthat th*publi*4*m«n: most baVneWT'or
the benefit.of taerfld Statesman well *  tbClhew-.
This vi^ine  ag«,newWd ie^errn the Senator
from Mnwieoinpt, would jncet hi  at every tura,
«ad WouMappjy wathaenwlftfrceagaiaat adbna-
,tioa toa new Stat -i**«apara*  btH, «a against
th^gwtsatbiH gradar «oi*sideia* «, ., -rt, i.n
■ ,{Sere Mr. Cm.c quoted at 'length from the
.Wtaaaga Of UieFreeideirt,fH^TO-raiJMitier
Pfsjaaasa
The gentleman would- besa find, (Mr-C. said,)
that the reasoning of the President was against
giving lands or money to the new States beyond
what was given to the old; and, unless the Sena-
tor from Mississippi knew from conversations
with the President what he would do, they were
left, by Jus public acta, to infer that he would
veto one bill a  much aa the other, The only
way for them to act waa to legislate according
to their own ideas of. propriety, without waiting
to inquire what the President would do.
Mr. WALKER said it waa. under a sensa oT
the obligation he owad,aa a Senator to the.people
of the State he in part represented, thai he.had
offered hi  amendment. His object was, that
the Sute of Mississippi should be placed on the
same footing with other Sutes; and felt anxious
that she should receive, that justice which waa
due to her by a bjll having that grant, and no other
principie in it. Ho did not approve of the prin-
ciple of making grant  to some of the new States,
and refusing them to others. It was his duty,
as a representative, to pursue that coarse meat
likely to elect the qbject of the grant to Missis-
sippi, and he should have been recreant to Ilia
duty to have put it in a bill that had received the
vetoof the President.
Ia reply to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Cur,] he believed that Senator referred mots
frequently to the acta of the President than he
had; and not only referred to what he had done*
but to what he would do, and even to what he had
not done; for on that auspicious day, when he
(Mr. W.) took his seat in that body—the birth-
day of the Father of his Country—he (MrvC)
had said the President had given an apology to
France. If the flag of oar country had been
stained -with that ward apology, the youngest
republican in it would have scaled the walls of
the Capitol and eat it out. The President had
«veo no apology. The- Senator from Kentacky
bad aaid that they might infer that the President
would not veto this bill again. He (Mr. W:)
had law moat exalted opinion of that<venerable
mamXthe President,) not withstanding the denun-
ciation  against him in this Hall, which had been
converted into a .debating club.
i The policy of the President in regard «y the
pablie (ands'was to reduce thé price-of them so
aa to bring them within the reaeh and ability of
the settlers to buy them, Wheraaathe policy of
his opponents ar«s to intírease ttte^price Of them;
and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewrtro] had said
he intended to bring in a bill fixing the price at
thirty-Sol krs per acre.
Mr.EWING explained that the "bill helntehded
to inhwdeco was to pravent; rmods by ewtnbina-
tions, and to raise the .price of that part of -the
land  which were of tito .best quality, 1
Mr. WALKER proceeded. Then, shoulq" he
stand by and' see a bill of that description pas ,
and'which ought to have its title changed ta.a
bill for keeping up the price of lands, instead of
the title it bore/ ríe could ñot téll what might
be the «fleet of the {¡roKty of raising; the ptiee of
m
oftbérrtw^é&wr.                  *        :rv'J c'   f ■
If heffMrl' W.) had'ndferi fntb'fcn eft* hi
nUtfding-R  what the Preaiderit%ottld'aa,' he'tnti
an illustrious example before him: for, if it Was
out of order for him to do so in regard to this bill,
it was out of orderfor the Senator from Kentucky
to do sot in relation: to the Warf.' 'Mr. Wi <went
into an explanation of seme^engtb to show the
justice of the claim of Mississippi and other new
Sutes, aBd wherein the bill he introduced differed
in principle from this bill, and that it Was'not so
liable to «e vetoed by 'the Presiden* «Sethis, and
that M had a%nedhitU Mailing  ppropria *ofl  of
land whim unconnected with a general. biU «nob.
as this was.                                           • •  .    • t
. -.Mti BLACK said that he would prefer taking
the-grant to Mississippi in a distinct bill, though
We'CdnTd not vote against her having \hfr gramil in
Mm befare than?, If he concurred wn^lne
principles of to* veto ■ message* he- aaeuldy not
hesitase to join hi* eoiteagwe in wring fo# hi 
waa fifsi introfuceeV tiefeok mmmm M> ««preaa
hi  disapprobation of it.-
Cirqumstanoes, however, were much changed
sinoe that time. 1 The public debt was paid off 
and títere was a large surplus revenue accuwulaU
11 iog in the Trea ury. Tlve President,, in hi  veto
IÍ message excepted to thai portion of tin; bill which
' gave tqjhe new State  the twelve per cent, fund
and giants;ef land. Now, with respect to.grant*
ef  an,dvCo|)(gr 4a had not only the rjght, hut it
was their duty, a  large landholder* in the new
Swtfa, to assist thsm in their internal impcove-
menu by such graate  because by this means they
enhanced the y l«er¡of the public domain. It wai
•it thin principie that five hundred thousand aerea
bad been .granted to Ohio /or her canal, which
greatly,increased the amount of the sales for pub 
ho,lauds.in- that Sute. He could point out,in
Mississippi iraprovemcnU which, if made, would
enhance the value of the public? lands there an
much aa had been done in Ohio. He thought the
grant of the twelve and a half per cent- fund rested
mi the,aame principle.
M/. B,, in conclusion .appealed to all the men-
Í hers of the-Senat  to first take the question on the
grant to Mississippi in the separate bill, a* an act
of justice to his State, in putting her on an equal
footing, as respected grant  of lands, with the other
new States.
Mr. CLAY said, if he understood the Senator
from Mississippi last up, [Mr. BtAca,] he would
prefer retaining the provision for the benefit of
^hat State. There was a division, then, between
the Senator  from that State-, and a  he (Mr. C.)
should prefer retaining the prorision. including
that Sute, be would rote to retain it. That Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] had said
that he (Mr. C.) was equally obnoxious to the
charge of referring to the veto of the President.
That Senator had first brought the veto into view;
and (lien/ because he (Mr. C.) had referred to it,
he had read him a lecture., It,was well known to
every Senator here, th*t«e (Mr. C.) had been a
very silent member daring the session; and aa he
was aa old, experienced! and indeed silent mesa-
ber, he thought the: Senator from Mississippi
might have spared him. the lecture. The Senator
{cota Mississippi, it was true  had taken his seat
on a wry,ftq pi9¡«ua aay-ranspicious by iu being
the btCtAdayjef tho: roan whose, like we might
never-aeajafajn, A* to, .whether it was rendered
mpMiftusnjeiotl  ny bis (Mr. W.'s) taking his
saat«& the aftpneliay ¿lie (Mr. C.)must be spared
UtáfixpreaairRvfan opinien.
Tke,Senator from Miesiasippi alluded to an
anáir ,whieh> he supposed had long since gone
with, all the Capulets. The Senator said an apol-
ogy iwohM l .ve been disgraceful. An apology
(said Mr. C.) might or might not be disgraceful*
which; depended upon the circumstances that
induced it. He (lw say, and he repeated, .the
letter ,to the- Prince Poligoqo was a labored letter;
awl, putting it and the .letter of the Secretary of
State tp£et$er, they araouttted to an Apology.
Let Senators look at them, and see if they did not
amount to a  expreaaion of regiet amounting to
apanolegy.   •            .   ,n •   j
When the question of these grants cante up,
bet would vote for them as ,a part, of a great com-
premiae; bu t if thej; «awe up separately he would
vote against them as being wtihouupreeeQent or
principle.    >
Mr. WALKER observed that* after what had
bean heretofore,aaid by, th .-Senator from Ke ,
tucky, he had. listened to hira-ayith «owe 8urpr« «¿
He certainly enMred thatibody with feelings of
high personal reepenfc for- that-gentleman.. .What
had been that gentleman's, course,in relation to
himself?. He thought the^entleafta* had pursued
ar courae,somewhat;raark«dHowards iikk* He
M^odtiaad fcbiH. ift eonfarmHy with Iha.wiahaa
«f:#i*<6ute -of |fae Union, to often expressed to
that body, and what was the conree of the Saw
atrjrov tb4X occasion? It,waa to rise and aay,
^i*v«i£ it,wae not an unusual course in that bodVj
haj««juid iaove,f<w ti e;ioiin*d U;feje«i n oCAhe
bilis aad/urtner, the «ánÜenjai^.streBttously op-
po «d, the.^ending theiull, to a«eieCt..ciM miMee,
*VÍ q,.would haw> gilt  it a i ir eontideratjon;
wfeile; im urged) aha ,*ej>ding41  to the Gdmmittee
jf&tfeta íjfíBíbvwhielvjiwwat kn«>wn was hoa-
^^^«^^■^wrahfttfBllfjaaia'tnnitm «•
