Waslesn.
•M
mms&mmmmfármmm
<*#e
beuruierobhgatkw soanewerhimí No. And
if he did answer him, would he be under obliga-
tions to tell the whole truth?   No.                       i
Mr. W. then read the following extract from
the Globe:
•> Tin uuiimation atada by Mr. Wtscvmat wm MMon
a* an aji-nt 01 the Secretary of lb* TreaMirr, or «filie de-
emit bomk«, it rmptnrtd u> deciding on their «electron, or
taking «ecu, itr lor tliei , is withoot Ule least ohadow bf
founaaoon. All these immiwiB, we art amhafiaea1 to
*a¿, aic wade bumaeu the pubUc autboruaa etneer «f the
Treasury n partinent and the banks onlj.
" So tar •< the flotation ofMr. Wis  refer  to • a certain
Reuhea M ■ Whitney,' and hi* agencieti fbrtbedepoaiteeoks,
•as ttie c««i|** saiion which bo receives from auj-of tbem,
be (>lr. W.) has. atfcad),«v r hi* own aigustare,«iveB to
(be public the nature of the aune; and, although these may
be eonsieered matter* purely and altogether of a private
muaré, yet wvbeHere that Mr. VTkttney wiH mm beñtate
t  aaaarar any q«e*M« rebutas, to taaai wbjehi Jaay aenre
U>«rAUly tbacunuauj of Wis*."                ',,.,-
Here (Mr. W. said) the-editor was author-
ised by the Secretary of the Treasury to say that
the sane-answer would be given which was
given in 1834.   Now, what Mr, W. wished to
««certain ** *, whether tb t answer was are honest
and just answer.   He wished to examine into the
truth of k.   He would pay that, if the answers
nven in 1834 were net an expression of false- >'
hood, they were a suppression af the truth.   At i,
the time alie Secretary said that there wasao agent
employed, he did not tell the fact) because-he I
knew that there was an agerit employee; and paid
by the deposit bank .   This was what he'wished i
to examine into.    His colleague must perceive ,
thai tbeSeeretary of the Treasury had invited the
mode of proceeding which he (his colleague) in-
tended -to pursue. * The Secretary had 'recom-
mended it through the Globe, and the 'inquiry
was already answered by •he*uthorizedsta*emeat
in the Glebe.                                    -it        I
Another objection he had to his colUague 'a res-
olation was this: that if there was anything false i
or fool in the rehttiens of the Secretary of-the I
Treasury with JL M. Whitney, was-it to be ex- <
pected that the Secretary himself would expose
tti- Every lawyer knew that the man Who has
committed a felony would, nine husdMrd and
ninety-nine tuneo out of a thousand,plead not
guilty tend if yeo did not «wear witnesses, you '
could not prove him guilty.   In the present case  < ■
if they pursued the course indicated by his'Col- li
league, they would have a white-washing answer
which might be satisfactory to the blind devotees
of the party, and fall faith and credit would be
given to all that came front the heads of the Ex-
ecutive Departments, and Mr. W. and every man
who had intimated charge  against tile Secretary
of the Treasury and R. M. Whitney, would be
held up to public odium.   This was to be the re-
sult if hit honorable colleague's resolution was
adopted.
Mr. W. alluded to the inquiries Made of the Post
Office r>>parta>efrt(or information, and answers to
those inquine  being prepared by subordinates
of that Department, which led the Department to
bankruptcy í and almost hrOoght that ansie of the
honest and honorable man [Mr.- Barry] at Ike
head of it into contempt. Then (he said> what
was the Post Ofiee Department compared with
the Treasury? It was hut as the drop in the
.bucket, or the rivulet to the ocean. Tbejr ought
to go into the inquiry immediately, and investi-
gate it to the bottom, and save the public Treas-
ury «hilo it, was in their reach. There were
insuperable objections to tbe oourae of hi  honor-
able colleague. Firm in relation KV complying
with usage: they bad complied with, «sage; and
.the answers had been false, knowingly false. He
said, in his place, if they would give him a com-
mittee/ and extend to hint, the facilities which
ought to be giver , he isreuld prove the fact- that
the Secretary of the Treasury did suppress the
.truth-when he returned the answer that no agent
-wa  employed or paid oat of the public fund*;
jbeftwase he knew that R. M. Whitney was em-
ployed, and received thousands of dollars for his
caakury. Would gentlemen procrastinate longer
an investigation of so much importance? A$v.
"^ would not wait a moment; and, as it waa/ar
avanced in the'session, he considered it oí sum-  i
«tent importance,; to save-the «nur* Treasury, of
the people, to sit there till December.'   He1 eoit-
muued it of more iisporcmc  th a;all the pteei-
aential ouesiioa  MawMhi/injiafruM wf wt )ftm>
eminent. Ha «aid that the object of some of the
party, in their efforts to put down the Bank of
the United States, was to get possession of the
public funds; and they had attained their object
fully. How were these deposit banks to be inves-
tigated wiihouttheaidof theHousc? They hav*.
the. publie moneys entirely under their control,
and can produce, a, pressure and panic precisely,
as the Bank of the United States could, and thai,
too,, with tenfold more effect} andtxt this very
time tbey were doing it., There was every Induce-*
meet for the Secretary of the Treasury to conceal
all that he oould from tliq public eye; ¿ml Mr., W.
said that he had done-it, and he waa opposed to
allowing him this resolution, so, that.he could
whitewash aud conceal the truth again.. The dif-
ference between his-resolution ahd his colleague's
was, that his waa an investigation and inquiry
into the facis touching the public deposits on oath,
and hu colleague's was a mere, inquiry of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in relation thereto, The
Secretary of the Treasury had already informed
them that the banks were selected by the.author-
ized officers of the Treasury Department, and by
no one else... That might be true; but ft. M.
Whitney, was the ¿atamwicie between the Secre-
tary and the deposit banks; not publicly, per-
haps, but secretly. The public had .seen, the
relations of this individual with the Illinois bank,
and he thought it could be established that this,
same man was employed by all the banks. ,He
thought it could bo shown, tooj that if any of the
banks (with the exception of the Bank of the
Metropolis) should refuse to pay him & salary,
they would not be selected by the Secretary of
the Treasury. But if yon inquire of the Secretary
of the Treasury, hcwill tell you that Unauthorized |
officer of UipGovernment makes the selection; and
they would be told by Reuben M. Whitney and
the Globe, that it would be, highly improper to go
into an investigation which was purely'private.
But the Globe said that no doubt,Mr. Whitney ¡
would answer any questions relating to them
which" might «erve to gratify the curiosity of
Mr. Wise. Was hot this impudence, that a
Representative of the people dare not inquire into
the squanderings of the public money, without
being treated thus? This wpu.ld.nj3t dp; and he
caHea upon those who had warwd'ngnihst the '
monster, to come to his aid in thio'ínTéatigaüon ,
into this matter. Are you not no*fW;investigate
into the affairs of Reuben M. WWtWéy? "This
was an imposition upon the people1, aria he coii- •
sidered it his sworn du y to denounce ittUrva°cn.
1 He believed it was the intention of tfte'Sectjetary
of the Treasury to protect both Whitney and
himself. He stated that when it was^aarned that
one of the agreements drawn up by Mr. Kendall
in Baltimore was, that the deposit basks should
employ an agent, waa it to be.supposed (tat no
agent had been employed? The Secretary of the
Treasury had told them that no agent waa em-
ployed by the Department; yet it was known to
his colleague, and to the, friends of the party,
that Reuben M. Whitney waa the intimate,and
confidential friend of the Secretary, and agent of
the banks; that their officers were side bf aide,
and he that walked the street* by noon-day «un j
could see the name of R. M. Wnitney over one
door, and that of the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States over another, under the
same roof. Now, he claimed to know who were
the members of this firm of Whitney & Co.
Uncle Sam, he believed, was one of the firm, and
furnished the. funds and stocks for the other
members of the firm to speculate on. He would
tell his colleague, however, if he and the party
would allow him a committee, with power to
investigate the matter, he would knew every one
of the partners to the firm. The wet of their
having, the control of the public moneys made
-Reuben M. Whitney's a public employment; and
if there was any corruption between hint and the
Secretary of ¿hie Treasury, hen wanted, to know
what that corruption was. He wanted to know
the fjtetsf and it corruption could be proved on
She Secretary, he ought to be .impeached. He
hoped the bill regulating the deposit banks .would
be shortly taken up, so that, they might know
who were ,to have , the oontrol ¡ of the public
moneys. ..TW^ga^^.thet^nUed Statóg'náíd
and it perfpwned, duties far ,tjje Government
which are pat now performed for it by the deposit
banks. But the quid pro qua of the deposit batiks
wus the, douceur paid to Mr. Whitney, which
might be $10,000 or it might be #20,000 a year.
In th.e inquiry contained in the latter part of his
colleague's resolution, he deceived himself, and
it would deceive the country. The Secretary oí
the Treasury would, tell him tp.at there was no
agent employed and ¿oaid by the Department, or
out of the public moneys; yet there was an agent
employed by the deposit banfts, and paid out pf
the profits arising, from the use of the public
moneys,         (
Mr. Wisp-was here '.interrupted by a call for
the.ordccs'óf the day.
.    EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER lakl before the House the
following ««nNminicatiohs:
1. A letter from the Secretary of "War, trans-
mitting-* report of the Chief Engineer!, in answer
to a* resolution of the ad instant, containing esti-
mates of various works of internaHmprovementsj
winch was laid on the (able and ordered to ba
printed.
• 2. A lettef freffn the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, rranaimitting a list of balances remaining on
the books of the Rpgister, against collectors of
tito tdstoms, (fee, for three year  prior to 30th
Sontembcr last; wfririh -was laid en the table tuid
ordered to be printed,
3; A communication from the Secretary Of the
Treasury, transmitting, in obedience to a resolu 
tion of the 11 ih of February, a repdrt and sundry
ftacaunebCB front the Commissioner of the General
Land Office^ in'answer to the several inquiries
embraced in said resolution; which was laid on
the table and ordered to he prihted.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
- Mr. THOMAS asked the consent of the Hehse
tr>s(j1irnh a resolution to take up the bills from
the Senate, fixing the northern boundary line of
the State *f Ohio; fixing the northern-boundary
of Ohio, and providing for the admission of Mich-
igan into the Union; and the bill providing for
the admission of Arkansas into the Union; and
that1 the same' be* rend twice, postponed until
Friday tíos*, and #rtrv tbey may be made the
special order for that day, from one o'clock, and
on each «aoéeeÜing '««y nütil they should be
finally disposed of.
Objection heing made, Mr. THOMAS moved
to suspend ihe rule ft* Úkt purpese-of presenting
his resolution; Which was negatived—yetó 110,
iMtvtS'TO; two thirds being necessary. ' * "> '
-" >Mr. STORER asked the consent of the House
to submit a resolution, making the bilrfixing the
northern boondary of Ohio the' special order for
Tuesday  next. "
Objection being mude, Mr. STORER moves'té
suspend the ral8; which was negatived without *
«aunt.'                                                           •    i -■*
TiftftiTtfRtAi Government óf^rtácpH^.
On motion of Mr, PATTOIV, the HousB.tbok
up tbe bill to establish the territorial government
of, Wisconsin.                 •
The House hiving amended the bill by fixing
the salary of the Governor at *&á00 for his tier-
vicea as Governor and Superintendent,bf Indian
A49urs, instead of #3,500, («a contained in the
bill as it came from tbe Senate ) and the fienjtis
having disagreed to the amendment of the House.
Mi, FATTON moved that the! House retese
from their proposed amendment* >
This motion was briefly advocated by Messrs.
JONES of Michigan, G* LEE of New York 
J&SifaEYi, and .PATTONfc, end opposed by
Messrs. JOHNSON of Lorn*** , HARDIN,
UNDERWOOD. BOON   5id VINTON  when
it W « nígfltived,—yeas ó8r  y« 135.        «-* *
So the House refused to recede from theirpve-
poeedamendment. ,   Vjí.-,' ■..>->          '''.-U
„ Mr,. JOHNSON, ¡of Tennessee, then mojm
that the House insist. WW .'th«ir ameddrswéií
which, Wat agreed to -w*tlvot t a counts    u <- ■. -
Gl?NíR.VL A^ROTRUtpJ  */ti",w'
