860
THE CK3NGRÍESSIOÍCAL <2LÓH&
April t%
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
PiTTOvH ihe cfn¡r,)and resumed the consid-
rru.oii 'if ''10 bll! 'T ;íillí appropriations for the
.-v,! and dn onntit ■xpcns^sof tuuGovern.  nt
fertile iv.ir 183G.                                 .
The q ícstion pending was the motion made
yesterdat, by .Mr. Johnsox, of Tennessee, to
strike out the following item:
rV pomp ■n-ntion to the secretan' of tin  com misionera
of the tintín* .u-id, to the 7th of Feb iiar\, 183S, $-203.
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated that there was an
imoerious ne-cssity for getting through with this
bill as soon as possible, for there had been no ,
money for the payment of the oftv-ers provided
for under it sin ;e January last. "With reference '
to the forego i lg item, he sent a letter from Mr.
Butler, to oe read l>y the Clerk, reciting the act
under which t'ie office of the commissioners was
creat'd; and t'iat, until the offi"e was abrogated,
the duü s of -I'm secretary would continue.
Mr. JOHNS iN contended that the office was
a sinecure, and the secretary also held another
clerkship.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, would ask
what right thi y liad to withhold the salary of this
officer under his aopointment by law, so long as
the ofike was continued, and the secretary per-
formed the duties ?
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, contended, that asa
legal.quest;on, it was perfectly clear the secretary
was entitled to the salary, as the law was still in
existence under which he received his appoint-
ment.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved an additional
item to the appropriations under the War Depart-
ment:
Tor comp3n«ation to clerks employed under the hct of
23tb o; Apul, 1818, $3,«W.
T íe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WISE moved to strike out the following
clause, in order to elicit an answer to the inquiry
of what these extras consisted:
For contingent expanses of the office of the Secretary of
War, §3,00J.
Mr. CAMBRELENG could only assure the
gentleman they were the same as they had been
for several years, from year to year. Perhaps
some other gentleman could give the requisite
information.
Mr. A. 1L SHEPPERD said, they resolved
themselves into a great variety of details, the par-
ticulars of which he was unable to give.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, referred to the esti-
mates; and the details were found to consist of
stationery, blank books, binding necessary docu-
ments, advertisements, and a number of miscel-
laneous expenses.
Mr. WISE complained of the want of proper
specification, and of the amount of balancea. He
said be had received an intimuiion that the wine
merchants and grocers of the city of Washington
(some of them unknowingly and unwillingly, it
was to be supposed,) received the stationery of
this Government as so much cash, for liquor. He
had also heard of another abuse: that there were
some of the higher clerks in this Government who
had subordinates under them, and had the privi-
lege of selecting thsm—received double what their
real salaries aught to amount to, by selecting
only such subordinates as would relinquish a
part of their salaries. The Committee on Naval
Af&irs had this subject now under examination.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said the balances were
all known; and the unexpended balance of last
year amounted to the sum of $2 67, and the ex-
penditures were open to every member of Con-
gress and every man in the country.
After a few words frota Mr. A. H. SHEP-
PERD, Mr. WISE withdrew the amendment.
Oh the following clause being read:
For contingent «tpcMes in tfl« office ttf tile CoNMtiik-
«oner of Fitozoos, s^5>500—
Mr. WISE complained of tirr targe «mount
«ppropiiated for * BuboVdinate office under so
general a head a* thai of contingencies. Unles*
he could receive Sórne satisfactory explanation,
he should move to strike it out..
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that it was
the same last year. From the numerous applica-
tion , and peculiar duties of the Pension Depart-
**««, Ady-all kite*1 that more stationery wtw
required than for any other offrVpof the Govern-
ment. This was tire sole reason of the large
amount of $5,i00 under this head.
Mr. WI5<£ was satisfied with the explanation,
and, instead of moving to sirike out the whole
clause, he should move to make it more specific,
by striking out the words "contingent expenses,"
and inserting "for stationery and other similar
objects."
Air. ADAMS was opposed to the amendment,
because it would amount to nothing more than
was now contained in theclause as it stood. The
phraseology proposed was not more specific than
the word " contingencies." The best safeguard
was in the Committees on Expenditures of that
House; and if any abuses existed, such as those
intimated by the gentleman from Virginia, they
ought to be ascertained and investigated, instead
of sending forth rumors without foundation.
Mr. WlSE wished such an investigation, but
he could not get it. Let a resolution be offered
for an inquiry into these abuses, and it would fail
for want of a majority of two thirds to suspend
their rales. He was not disposed to send forth
rumors without a basis, and ne was willing to pro-
tect the present Administration from slander and i
calumny by a fair and impartial examination. ¡
He contrasted the conduct of the present Admin-
istration party in resisting all investigations,with
that of tae National Republican party in Mr.
Adam's administration,when they were assailed.
Mr. W. bestowed a high eulogy upon Mr. Ed-
wards, the Commissioner of Pensions, and hav-
ing the greatest confidence in him, he withdrew
his amendment.
The following clause being read:
" For contingent expenses of the ton Office, J}7,500."
Mr. WISE said this was a Department to which
he would not vote one dollar of contingent appro-
priation, and he therefore moved to strike out the
whole clause; which was rejected.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the following
clause, by striking out 3-1,000, and inserting
$2,000, and referred to the law which provided
the latter sum for these officers:
" For coiupensauon to the surveyor of Illinois and Mis-
souri, $1,000."
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, if the law was so,
the motion ought to prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY moved two additional items to
this clause, v¡¿:
For additional clerk hire, in order to bring up the arrears
of tram-cubing field notes lor the puipose of having theio
preserved at the seat of Government, &c, $4,8U0 and
$1,000.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that the* 
additional items were omitted in the present bill,
as it was the intention of the Committee of Ways
and Means to provide for them in a separate bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, opposed the
amendment as conflicting with the principle of
making no appropriations in any annual appro 
priation bill not airead y provided for by law. The
Committee of Ways and Means had throughout
been governed by this bill.
Mr. ASHLEY adverted to a similar appropri-
ation made last year, which recognifced the prin-
ciple in this instance.
Mr. SEVIER advocated the amendment, first,
because k was indispensable and necessary to
facilitate the sales of the public lands', which
would be greatly impeded without it; and next>
on the ground of precedent.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked, that it was
on the ground «10*16 stated by Mr. Jotffcsoff, of
Tennessee, that the Committee bf Ways and
Means had not considered these additional itenls.
Mr. JOHNSON did not mean to say that (he
additional clerk hire was not required, but he
iesistetl its introduction in this annual appropri-
ation bill, as he disapproved ©f em6edying new
laws in an bhfihSry bill.                           ..   .
Mr. HARPER said *he -eoRfmittee merited
great praise far the principle they had adopted,
and he hoped to see it carried éut; for by the old
practice, tne expenses' of this Government had
been enormously increased, and new laws, in this
■w*,f, passed without the frarners of them being
aware of it. He wished to see every appropria-
tion bill predicated upon existing laws, and he
sfcoriltT Vpp&Se the*meírrMent fn lln*! ür,'tb«egb
he might—he believed he should, coming from a
gentleman [Mr. Ashley] in whom he had the
highest confidence, vote for it in a separate one.
Air. ASHLEY entered into a brief explanation
of the necessity of the additional clerk hire.
Mr. JOHNSON suggested that the gentleman
from Missouri could move his amendment to the
other bill; whereupon,
Mr. ASHLEY withdrew it.
Mr. SEVIER then moved a similar amendment
to the foregoing $1,00(1, applicable to Arkansas;
which was rejected.
Air. LAY moved to strike out all the items
appropriating salaries of the Governor, judges,
and secretary, pay of the Legislative. Council,
contingent expenses, &c, of Michigan Territory,
and explained that he made the motion, because
it was, to all intents and purposes, a State, and a
bill had passed the Senate recognizing it as such.
He intimated that he should make the same mo-
tion with reference to Arkansas, When they
reached that clause.
Mr. STORER was given to understand that
the United States had no Governor in Michigan,
the people having elected one of th^ir own; that
the courts of justice were suspended, and that
some of the judges had spent the preceding win-
ter in this city; nay more, that the territorial
laws of the United States were not now in force
there. With regard to the Legislative Council,
£t the last session held by them, tliey had de-
stroyed themselves, virtually abrogate their own
functions, and declared themselves no lortger a
council.
Air. CAMBRELENG said, all the fa"ts relat-
ing to Michigan were well known.     Congress
i had not yet acknowledged the independence of
1 Alichigan, and until they di    they were'bound
to pay these expenses.   Should Michigan   be
acknowledged  as  a State   during the   present
session, no more money would be expended for
j the territorial government than up to the moment
i of that recognition.
i     Mr. STORER said he had it from the Delegate
j from Wisconsin, that the only council who met
were elected exclusively by the people west of
the lake, and that Governor Hffrner COhVened
them at Green bay, iii'the latter Territory.'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said, to obviate
the difficulty he would move a proviso that no
money should be paid to the Territories of Mich-
igan and Arkansas longer til*  they Continued
Territories; which Mr. Lay accepted as a mod-
ification.
Mr. SEVIER said this proviso Was not neees-
sary so far as Arkansas Was concerned, since
the people Of that Territory still' remained under
the territorial government, and would so con-
tinue until the recognition of their independence.
Air. MASON, of Virginia, thought the 'amend-
ment ctitneo-'ssary,' because fto portion of the
money would be paid longer than those Territo-
ries remained Territories.
Mr. JONES, of Mafytenoyhttped tlie appro-
priation would be made; and he stated, of his
own knowledge^ that thfe judge had held a court
weBt of tn* lake dwring the yew.
Mr. VINTON wa* opposed io striking out the
appropriation for Michigun, besante líe was un-
willing, even hy iítiplíeáticHi, to recluite her in
any other l*ejht thanas a Territory.
Mr. SEVIER atain oppoted the amendment,
and it was rej*«l*d;
Mr, 'SEVIER moved ib amen* the bill by
inserting * 1Ó;U©0 for the expenses of the Legis-
lature of Arkansas, for mileage; per diem, fuel,
aiid oílner cotflftigerrcieS.
After some explanatory réwratfks by Messrs.
SEVlERandCAMBRELENG, the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. CAMBRELENG submitted an amend-
ment appropriating $908 60 for alteara** of «*-
-pense of the L«gtsla*ve tíot néll«f Florida j whieh
was'agmdto.
- Mr. WHITE moved tw1© additional items to
the clause relating to* the judges in Florida:
For extm'chtoptíisWttoríófrtlic'jurlífeof the middle al -
tneti ^900;
Fot extra, compensation to the judge of the «astern dis-
trict for <835-'3e,$600.j
slid 'citada l&w'of 18Q8,"providing fcr the e*tm
dwifes ttiOs*}OÉf684¿*d toperfarra.
