•MJfeqA
TUB^ü&HumEmomifi&hQmB:
Mr. CAMBRELfiW  «uní ta^imtoject^hjsi
dm under tfc* examination af the Commute*1 of
Ways and Mrom, Who had <am« to the «Ml 
moas cortcfosioii that the tawrefemd fcrky the
•enttaiMn we  extinct.                                    ,r*
Mr. WHITE, f*f lied that tke ia+ Ml ««
become extinct, beeatae the duties prescribed *y
rt were  «ll pending, and many cases yetandv-
eided. He atad referred to aotoa certmease in
fcver «T the d m Hwm'flM ef the Departraettte.
Mr.CAMBRRLENGhad never seen or heard
of weh a document, and he expressed a wish to
■Miu
Mr. WHITE weald produce it when thab'dl
came rmo úm House.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. H ARRlSONvof Hstotmt me ved an addi-
tiwsHl item of ft ,000 for coat of «ertaan land auita
decided again * the United States m Missouri and
Florida, under iba acta of 1824 asm 1898, pro-
-ndtng for the settkmect of certain, tends chums in
• Miasoori and Florida. Mr. H. cited, the acts in
«joreuen, and tnade a fencrfexplanation.   '
Mr. WHITS also briefly commented oe-toe
law  tayqucsuoo be sapporc of the amendment.
Mr. SEVIER requested *« geademan1 from
Missouri -to cauta ace Arkansas, to* which-Mr.
HaMW assented; and the amendment was so
Modified.                            '!
Mr. SMITH, contended «hat, by a f ir eon-
•traction ef the act of 1838, the claimant  em-
braced in thia amendment wen not entitled to
relief. The subject had been rally investigated
befos  the Committee of Ways and Means, and
they had «masmiMMsaly decided against it.
Mr. WHITE, had no knowledge of its «ver
'havine; been before that commit lee; certainly he
had- not broeghl it there, nor waa he aware that
any other gentleman had. The gentleman from
(Mateo most hare confounded tbte matter with
seterthiag else. Mr. W. waa opposed to the
•ftodtficeuoa, and he hoped th* gentleman? from
Aritanso  would withdatw it.            - .
Mr. CAMBftE LEN&replied, that this mntler
had bora before the committee, and- the'papers
ware referred to a legal member of the committee
Croa* Pennsylvania, [Mr. Iacaasetn,} who had
«Xamnfed *t**nd reported against the claims.
. Mr, TOÜC&Y dissented iron iheeeeetrectkm
pat «pon theoct by Mr. SM ITHi «* d, after some
remark* toy the latter gentleman, Mr. KEN NON,
Mr. S£Vl£R,.Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri,
and Mr. WHITE, on taking the question, there
appearing—4iyv«<¡Ú, noes 55, no-qeorum, the com-
mittee rose aid reportad that feet to the House.
Mr, CARTER then mowed that file House
adjourn; and
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked for the yea* and
nays; which were ordered, and Wore—yea* &,
nays 74.
Thetobatng^traoraoi present, tbeHoaseagain
woat-into committor- -                            ,     <
The question was then taken on Mr. Habsm-
toa'  amendment-, and the result being—ay e  87,
■too  48, no quorum again voting, the committee
again rosa and reported that fact to the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG than rose, and reiterat-
, ing hi  statemenr of the faa that no officer of the
Government, provided for in thw bill, had re-
ceived a dpilar since January last, moved that
the bill be «and* the special order of the day for
to-morrow  ad next day.
-,rMr«WHIT1:J^ESEÍ objecting,     <      .
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a. aupensjoft of
th«.rules, ■                               '                i.   .
.piwakfngtlie question, the vote was—eye  S6,
n©e 32! no quorum. ■                                 4
Mr, CAMBRELENG moved a call of the
House.,    t
Mr. REKQHER moved a  adjournment..,
.   Mr, SUTHERLAND appealed to Mr. R. to
_ withdraw that meUori, and suffer the motion on
.' aueeendiag the rules to be taken,      , ,
Mr. REMCHER refusing, the questions* 
taken, and decided in the negative—«yea ¿3, sots
73                                                   '
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved that the
order of business be set aside, and that; ibis bill
be made the special order of the day for to-mee-
row and Saturday.   .                             •   ;
. Mr? WHITTLESEY salad fe^the y«*. osd
infMt.sjriueh wo*  «cdettdf «ad «ere—yene U ,
►*#t eo tbe motion was agreed to, and too
bid ingestion waa ordered to be taken up at the
hour of twelve on those days.
On motion of Mr. PAT f ON, a committee of
conference was appointed on the parti of the I
Hoesa tohneetthe committee on the pert.of the I
■Suamu, i in reference to the disagreement of that
body to the amendment of the House to the bill
for the establishment of the territorial govern-
ment of Wisconsin 
The House then adjourned, at six o'clock
I P- " •           ________________'
I                                                       ^--------------------------------------------------1------------------------------------,—.
!                            IN SENATE.
'                    FartAT, 4pfil 15, I83q\
Mr- CALHOUN said that a petition had been
sent to him with a request that he would present
it to the Senate, byaMr. David Melville, late an
officer of the customs at Newport, Rhode Island,
compkwnim; of his removal from office.
Mr- C. said that he had no acquaintance with
thie individual; and why he had been selected to
represent the petition,die was at a loss to know
He had .therefore inquired into his character, and
hsduoderetood th t he was «¡highly respectable
and worthy man.... He then examined his peti-
tion, and he mast say that Mr. Melville had mode
out a very strong case.    He was weigher and
f auger, apd had been uniform and consistent in
is politics as a Jjeffersonian Democrat. He had
taken, a decided part in the late war, having been
principally instrumental in raising a volunteer
corps which had been highly serviceable. Yet,
notwithstanding all this, the purity of his char-
acter, the correctness of his deportment in his
official duties, and non-interference with elections,
he had been dismissed from office—and on what
grouads? Because he would take no part in elec-
tions; and having a small freehold he had dis-
posed of it, and could no longer vote. These facts
were all staled in plain and perspicuous language. !
Ho knew that this might, be considered a small
affair, hut this, he thought, waa very far from di-
minishing its importance. It laid bare the manner
in which those who administered tiiisGavernmcqt:
abused the  trusts. Nothing was too high, and
nothing, was too low for them. It Jajd bare the '
manner in. which the conditions under which they
came into office have been fulfilled, He confessed
that sad impressions were made on his mind by
the perusal of this petition. He could not but
remember the great struggle"*hich brought the
President into power. He could not but remem-
ber that one of the principal objects ¡they liad in
view was that the power and patronage of the
Govern meat should not be brought to bear on the
t freedom of elections. He never could forget the
scene which took place wh<>n the President was
inaugurated, and when be declared openly, in the
preaeace^of thousands of citizens assembled on
that occasion, the principles on which he would
administer the Government. It was a short and
noble,addresa, and was received with shout* of
approbation by congregated thousands; and par-
j Ucularly-that part- of the address was applauded
t which, declared that he would reform those abuses
by which (he- power and patronage of the Xiov-
, ernmentbad been brought to bear on the freedom
_ of elections). How tiu t promise had _ been car-
red out,let. the case orchis .humble individual
'aoswex.
Mr. C referred to the reasons given for ¡tbe re-
, moval of Mr. Melville, as stated in the petition,
and bo his-correspondence with the Secretary of
I the Treasury on the subject.   On writing to the
, Secretary, he received an answer, by wftich he
, only found out that the collector had exercised
the legal authority vested in him.   Not Satisfied
with that, he wrote for «copy of the report of the
collector on the,subject, anil w*  answered, that
,the report, being confidential, could not be com-
municated.   Sir, (said Mr. C.,) under what Gov-
ernment could aueh. an act of injustice apd op-
pression pe perpetrated h  Many of the .friends of
the Administration fcbe$e wou)a hardly believe it
possible such things had occqrred.   The individ-
ual made application to the collector, for the rea-
sons of his dismissal, ami the, collector told him
in a friendly, verbal reply, that, no fault had been
found with his official conduct, but that.his case
was on  on mbjch, ha «couUjgme no wri{ien„qn.*
Wrier,! ..M*.amoved lfe«t«a*.petitÍ0 and pape 
be referred to the Commutes on Commepsa. H«
thought no remedy could be applied; ko\ he
wished the committee to take the matter into their
consideration. He wished particularly to see
th« keport made by the collector to the Secretary
of the Treasury, on the dismissal of Mr. Melr
ville. He had often heard K atatqd on that floor,
that Una administration was supported by the
votes of freemen ^ but if the facts stated in this
petition.be true,it was easily seen how they cop-
trolled the fifty or sixty thousand office-holder*
who supported them.                                    ,,
The petition having been read,- ,
Mr. CLAY said, if the facts stated in the me-
morial were true, they disclosed an instance of
flagrant injustice and abuse of power; but how-
ever flagrant it might be, he knew of no remedy.
He had risen to .inquire, whether the Secretary
of the Treasury, or the President,, who absolved
all responsibility in cases of removal from office,
had authorized this removal. As the memorial
contained Some charges against those high, func-
tionaries, he would suggest to those ¿Senators
who adopted die expunging principle, whether
tliey sliould receive this(letitioo. .Ashe did not
hold to that doctrine himself, it would not be
proper for him to do so; but some of them might
make a question of Us reception,,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said he knew nothing
of the particulars.set forth in ,the-petition of this
individual; they might be correct or not. With
that he had little to $o. In, uo case would ho
lend his sanction to oppress on of any kind, or
be willing to screen the appressor.Jet Jnm hold
office high or low. He should like to k¡no w who
was the Secretary of the Treasury under whom
this, removal .took place. Would the Secretaiy
turn to the papers, and tell him who the Secretary
was, and the date of the letters?
[The Secretary replied, that one of the letters
was signed by Mr. Woodbury, and dated March,
Mtó.]                        ,             ,                . „ r
Mr. KING was under the impression that this
ease originated some three years- past.   The pe-
tition was dated, in 1835, but he thought the re-
moval was made at.an, earlier period, and, on
investigation, it would be found., to have (token
place under Mr. Secretary Ingham, whp^wos«cr-
'tainly not one of the moat thorougbgpüig of the
supporters of. the Administration.   Be that as it
mighty he was under the impression that they
acted in discharge of their amy by receiving me-
morials, complaining of oppression, no, matter
from whom they came; lie wa^s thceeforp not oper-
ated on, by anything «aid by the Senator from
Kentucky.   He thought no good could come of
the rcfcieiice of the petition, unless it was to go
tuto the conduct of tiie collector. ,^The subordi-
nate officers of the customs, the Senate was well
aware, were under the control of the collectors,
and roust necessarily be so., TJie. Secretary acted
I with respect to,them solely from information re-
ceived from the collector;, and ^whether tliis- re-
moval was made under the present or former
Secretary, it would be found, he, was wnfidepttn.
saying, that it was on the representation .of the
* collector, either that the services «f Mr. Melville
were not woo ted, or that he was removed on some
other than polineal grounds ,
, Mr. GRÍTNDY,. after sr/me remarks-in layor
of the light of petition, said be iuutjioown Mr.
LtulefieJd, the collector named,in,the mentorial,
' c er, ¡uce lu^was agiere youth; and, until he
r knewjoore about this, memorial than, .mere osaer-
, tioii, he would, hp'd fue opmion- he hod always
, hehU,tliat he, was incapable of doing an act of
i injustice.    He was inclined to believi it would
turn out that these statements were unfounded.
I    Mr. N1LES said that Ilusivas a wonderful&ase
' of oppiesaion according to"the petiftoiier'spwn
>Jsta'teiue^i;!ajDd.fro  the remarks  ft the^SenaWa
from SoptkCarplina an^ J^ti&%fr\MftPv*
hoom aiidjMr, Gw.r,l,it mpst be regarded as,an
outrage of the most alarmfng kind,,ft-oni the law-
less exercise of powef«by a public Qfficer.scarcely
less than the an?W,PÍ rapacity and violence of the
pro-consuls qf Borne iu the provinces of tha¿,Rp-
public.,       ^            lt       „   .Ut „j    , j^
But what is th  case which is introduced oe-
'    mposing
,         ,.                        T J    "      #11' l.u   *—*   ■*!'      ••.       TV"-.       -___-.____t. —_   J1*
I a  i ran ma
"^^«feltt^ifc'w.
