mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL ®LC*BB.
Aprft 15,
of the most distiiiiriushcd Senators of the body?
Stripped of its colorín? and embellishments, of |
the Ion- homily about proscription, party machin-
ery, a system of despotism, and the like, it is
nothing more than this: the petitioner was a sub-
ordinafe officer of the customs, and had held his
office ten years, when, a new collector having
been appointed, he deemed it expedient to make
some new arrangements, arid removed the peti-
tioner and appointed another person. The pre-
sumption clearly is, that this change of one officer
for another was"not only legal, but perfectly fair
and reasonable. This change could only have been
made by the concurring action of two public
officers: the collector made the removal and the
new appointment, which had tobe submitted, with
his reasons, to the Secretary, and were approved
bv him. The office of collector is an important
one, and is generally filled by men of high char- ,
acter and intelligence, which afford some guar-
antee for the correctness of his conduct: he is
responsible to the laws and to public opinion. But
the decision of this officer is reviewed and ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury, one of ]
the highest public functionaries of the Govern- ,
ment. An act, which has received the sanction
of two important public officers, acting under
their official responsibilities, must, he supposed,
be legal and just until it is clearly shown to be
otherwise.
But the petitioner says he was removed with-
out cause, and on account of his political opinions.
This statement comes from the party himself, and
is the same complaint that is always heard in all
similar cases—indeed in all cases of removal from
office. Did you ever hear of a public officer who
was removed, who did not tell the same story?
who did not declare that it was without cause,
and an act of high-handed persecution and oppres-
sion? He had no knowledge of this case; he
judged of it only from what appeared on the face
of the memorial; that was sufficient to satisfy him
as to its true character. It was evidently a po-
litical concern, and intended for political purposes.
It appeared to him that the bare reading of this
petition must produce this conviction on every
impartial mind. The petitioner does not come
here like an injured man, whose only object is to
seek redress for his own wrongs. If such had
been the case, he would have told a plain and
simple story, a mere narration of the facts, unac-
companied by such additions and embellishments
as this petition contains about terrible proscrip-
tions, a frightful system of despotism, party ma-
chinery,and party dictation. Noman,hethought,
could mistake the true character of this memorial,
and the object for which it was sent there.
'' But, supposing this man had been removed
from a subordinate ministerial office, after holding
it ten years, without cause, so faras respects any
default or misconduct on his part, are we to be
told that this is an act of oppression—a flagrant
outrage ? Was there any violation of law in this
act—any invasion of the personal liberty or rights
of this man? If not, where was the injustice—
where the outrage which the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] represents as so palpable,
that the President, Secretary, or officer, whoever
he may be, who has been guilty of such abuse
of official trust, ought to bo impeached? Sir,
(said Mr. N.,) there would doubtless be as strong
grounds for impeaching the President as those for
■which he was impeached two years ago. The
removal of this petitioner was a lawful act, and so
was that of the removal of one Secretary and the
appointment of another. The only question there
Could be, in either case, was as to the propriety
and expediency of the act, and of this, the officer
possessing the power of removal and appointment
' was the rightful and proper judge.
' Had this man a private interest in this office—a
*• vested right of which he could not be dispossessed
" without injustice and oppression? This seems to
be the doctrine for which the Senators contend.
Sir, (said Mr. N.,) I deny this doctrine as un-
sound in principle and dangerous in practice; I
protest against it as antr-rlpublican and even
' monarchical; it does not belong to our system;
it is not consistent with the genius of our insti-
tutions.
The Senator from South Carolina says he does
" tioHlwrow this petitioner, and is at a lost why he
should have selected him as the organ of present-
ing his petition to the Senate. He (Mr. N.)
thought he could relieve the gentleman from his
doubts on this point. He knew of two reasons,
and very strong ones, why the Senator may have
been selected to present this petition. In an elab-
orate report on executive patronage, that gentle-
man denied to the President the constitutional
power of removal from office, and, by the same
reasoning, I conclude the principle should be fol-
lowed out and applied to subordinate executive
officers possessing a portion of the appointing
power. The Senator has also maintained, I
believe, in the same report, the principle, that
officers ought to be as stable and permanent as a
freehold. These principles establish the perpe-
tuity of office as a vested right in the incumbent,
and doubtless induced the petitioner to select the
honorable Senator to present his grievance to the
Senate.
Sir, (said Mr. N.,) what is a freehold ?   Is it
not an indefeasible right secured  by the law,
which cannot be taken from the possessor with-
out violation of law?   According to the princi-
ples of the gentleman, offices ought to become
vested in the holders, as private rights, and be-
come private property; and we may expect that
they would become the subjects of traffic, and bar-
gain, and sale.    Can any principle be more hos-
tile to our free institutions than this? It destroys
all accountability in public officers, and renders
them independent and irresponsible.     It is in
direct conflict with the great elementary principle
on which our institutions rest, that of popular
power.    It is essentially a monarchical principle;
for what is monarchy but independent, irrespons-
ible power, not derived from, or responsible to,
the people.   Perpetuity of office would not only
destroy all official accountability, but would im-
pair the energy of the representative principle
which would become only a matter of form, and
not substance: for it is not the mode in which
1 offices are filled, but the tenure of them, and the
! control which the  appointing power has over
them, which secures their accountability.   The
principle which secures the accountability of offi-
cial trusts mustbe an active and an efficientprinei-
ple, one which is brought into action, which is
applied in practice, the force of which is known
¡' and felt from time to time;it must not be a merely
I   nominal or dormant principle.
Sir, (said Mr. N.,) the principle of change, ro-
i, tation,or removal, call it what you please, is one
!' of the great conservative principles of this Gov-
|! ernment. It is a principle closely associated with
¡ that of representation and the delegation of power;
M it is a principle which abides with the people—
jj which has its source in the popular will.   With
II  the people this is an active and efficient principle,
|| one which they never fail to apply on all needful
11 occasions. They applied it to the second Presi-
| dent of the United States; that was a removal, or
■ ; a refusal to reappoint the incumbent, notwith-
| standing a precedent had been established of re-
!l taining him for a second term. That distinguished
11 man, and all his friends, believed that this power
' was exercised capriciously and  unjustly—that
'' they were removed from the public councils with-
i' out cause, without any default of theirs, and from
the influence of party excitement.   These senti-
ments-they retained to the day of their deaths;
1 but they were not the sentiments of the country.
I In  the congressional  districts the people  fre-
¡' quently have recourse to this principle, ana change
1 without cause, or for such causes as they see fit,
]> their public agents; this is also done in the States
■ I in all popular appointments.   The people, peri-
' ■ odically and frequently, change their Representa-
tives and others, offices dependent immediately on
,[ them, and give efficacy to the principle of rotation
I in office.   In almost every case, those who are
,' excluded by this salutary principle complain of
' injustice, proscription, and persecution."  But the
people do not think so; they have only exercised
1  a right which belonged to them, and the public
! interest is generally promoted by its exercise.
Sir, (said Mr. N.,) I protest against the prin-
ciple of perpetuity of office—the principle of a
freehold tenure; it converts all officers into private !
property, and private rights.   This principle be- ■
longs to a monarchy, and not a republic; and
should it once become establish *!, my word for
it,, we should have memorials enough presented
to Congress, setting forth acts of oppression, not
of one officer oppressing another, but of public
officers oppressing the people, of gross abuses of
public trusts, lawless acts of illegal exercise of
power—of injustice, extortion, and oppression.
Such would be the consequences of irresponsible
power—of removing thataccountability which can
alone be secured by the limited tenure of officers,
and the efficient operation of that salutary prin-
ciple of change and rotation. If you once admit
the principle of a private right in offices, you de-
stroy the principle of rotation; for a private right,
if it exists, cannot be divested without cause; it
is the freehold principle, for a freehold can be di-
vested for sufficient cause. There may be a defect
in the title, or a better one maybe shown toex¡=>t
in another person, and the possessor may tnus be
ousted. But a freehold is an indefeasible right
in the possessor, unless it should be defective; so
it would be with the office-holder; he would have
vested in him a private right, which you could not
take from him without proof of some defect in
it—without it shall be shown that he has forfeited
his right by his misconduct, or in some way lost
it. I deny (said Mr. N.) the whole doctrine; I
deny that any incumbent has any private interest
in an office further than is secured to him by the
legal tenure of it. He holds it under the law, and
he has no other rights than what the law expressly
secures to him. If it is for a term of years, when
the term expires he cannot complain of injustice
if he is not reappointed; if during the pleasure
of the appointing power, he cannot complain if he
is removed, and another person appointed. The
only question is, as to the public interest; if the
office is not as well filled, if the public suffer, if
the revenue sustains a loss, then there may be
grounds of complaint.
!     The Senator from South Carolina has referred
to the inaugural message, and says the assembled
i multitude responded to its sentiments, and him-
self among the rest.    What were the principles
of that message on this point?   Did not the Pres-
ident declare and assert in that message the prin-
ciple of refenti—that a searching operation was
called for into the conduct of the public agents ?
and did not the public sentiment respond to this?
Sir, a reform was demanded by the highest con-
siderations, and, so far as'it was carried oat, has
,-been higjrfy beneficial to the public service.
:     Mr. KNIGHT knew nothing about the facts of
the case, but rose to give his testimony in favor
of the character of tlie memorialist, whom he
i knew to be a man of good character,
i      Mr.  HUBBARD remarked that he had  no
, knowledge of the petitioner.   He lived remote
i from him.  He was equally ignorant of the trans-
action to which the memorial refers.   He knew
| not the present collector, nor the present gauger
and weigher; nor did he know the reasons which
> had induced the collector to remove from office
I the memorialist and to give that office to another.
j One fact is certain, that no complaint is set forth
i in the memorial against the collector for lrnving
appointed an unfit, an incompetent officer.   It is
1 not alleged—it is not pretended, that the present
' incumbentis unworthy of confidence.   Whathas
the collector done?   He has done precisely that
, which he was authorised to do.   He came into
1 the office of collector, and, for reasons which he
deemed satisfactory, he has seen fit to remove the
memorialist from the office Of gauger and weigher,
and has appointed to the same office the present
incumbent.    The collector, then, has done ho
more than whathehashad entire and full author-
ity and power to do.   Il was the right of the
collector; it was within his power to do precisely
what has been done.   Mr. H. stated that he had
reason to believe that there was an object beyond
the memorial itself from the remarks of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and from the remarks
of the Senator from Kentucky, and from the ar-
gument of the memorial itself.   He could not but
believe that the Secretary of the Treasury was
viewed with suspicion in reference to this affair.
That public officer has been of* late singled out
as an object of attack—as an object of abuse here
and elsewhere.   ■
How often has it been said by honorable Sen-
ators-, that the official reports of thin ofíieér are
entitU>4 to-no eredit-^-«re wholly unwOrthy^of
