364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS'.
April MI,
ineanaMeone: he dors not complain that his right, |
„ „„ imWmlont freeman, to %oteas he pleased,
hr.  been interfered with; for, bv his own show-
tn« he wa« not qualified to vote, nor was any
attempt mide to bribe him by bestowing on him
afrtehold ns a qualification to vote. What is
his eiicvanee' Mr. W. said, ns he understood
it. some ten vears asro, the petitioner, being so
indifferent to" the highest and most inestimable
right of a freeman-^a right to participate in the
stleciionofthosewhoadministerthc laws—as not
e^en to make himself qualified to vote in the place
where he lived, nevertheless condescended to ac-
cept of an office under a Government which he
valued so little as to neglect to obtain the right to
participate in the choice of its officers. And what
was that office > Was it for life, or during good
behavior' No. It was for no definite term, but
dtirm<r the pleasure of the appointing power. He
was suffered to hold it for tin ycais—till near the
expiring cf the third constitutional term of those
who appointed him; and he now complains that
he was turned out, and another put m his place.
He complains that he is not suriered to enjoy it
contrary to its tenure—to convert it into a life
estate. He could not complain that the freedom
of election was interfered with in his person, for
he was no voter, and he does not allege that any
attempt was made to bribe him to purchase a
freehold. The only freehold that he sought was
to make his office such; it is a mere personal
grievance, in which the public have su&tamedno
injury.
Mr. W. said he was perfectly willing that this
matter should be inquired into. It was a very
common grievance, that men could not hold of-
fices, when they got them, as long as they pleased;
and there was another equally common, that men
could not get the offices which they wanted. He
was willing that the petition should take the direc-
tion which the honorable Senator from South
Carolina was desirous to give to it. Let the in-
quiry be Made, and if any remedy was called for
by the case, and within the competency of this
body, let it be applied. He, however, felt im-
pressed with the belief that any inquiry would
result in establishing the naked fact that the pe-
titioner had held an office, the tenure of which
was at the pleasure of the appointing power, for
ten years; wished to hold it for ten years longer,
or to convert it into an Office for Ufe; was turned
out to make room for a citizen equally or better
qualified to discharge the duties; and no one had
any reason to complain of the change but him-
self.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was an entire stranger
to the parties, and had never heard of any of their
controversies. It would afford him a great deal
of satisfaction to know that the }->etitioner was
mistaken, and was conscious that It was with no
desire to throw guilt on any party that induced
him to favor a reference of the memorial to a
committee. It was agreed, he believed, on all
hands, that it wasa grievous case if true. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Wall] said he could
smile at a petitioner who brought in a casé of
mere rotation of office. But this showed a case
of tyrannical and oppressive exercise of arbitrary
power. That Senator had furthermore said, that
this was a case m which ho complaint of a public
grievance was involved. Had the public n© in-
terest, he would ask, in the abuse of its laws, in
their being perverted to the purposes of oppres-
sion from sinister motives ? When any officer,
high or tow, dared to pervert his office to sinister
purposes, ho could have no patience to endure it.
If facts were brought to light to sustain the charge
in this petition, he could not believe the President
Of the United States would permit these petty
tyrants longer to exercise this arbitrary abase of
power. A nd if he should not turn this collector
out, he would be disposed to provide a remedy
by law. He hoped the memorial would go to a
committee, and that the Senate would show its
contravention of a. principle so odious inks char-
acter.
The petition and paper  were then referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill giving effect to patents for the public
: land  issued in the names of deceased persons; and
The resolution authorizing the correction of
errors made in the location of certain Indian
reservations, were severally read the third time,
and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, on leave, introduced
a bill for the relief of William C. Easton; which
was road twice, and refened.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Brigadier General James Moore; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. M., from the same committee, reported
unfavoraLly on the resolution of inquiry as to
the expediency of granting lands to the officers
of the staff of the revolutionary army, and to the
officers and soldiers who served under General
George Rogers Clark.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, to which had been referred
the petition of certain officers and soldiers of the
Army, praying that provision may be made by
law for affording them moral and religious instruc-
tion, reported a bill for the appointment of addi-
tional chaplains in the Army; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
RESOLUTION  SUBMITTED.
Mr. KENT submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Retained, That the Vresident of the United States be re-
quested to opi'ii negotiations with the Government of
i France, a  «oon as diploumic intercourse between the two
countries shall be renewed, lor the purpose of placing our
trade in tobacco with that country upon a more liberal loot
mg than the encina system ol administration of " en regie''
admits ot, and corresponding better with the generous
«¡pint exhibited heretofore, as well as at this time, bv the
United Siste*. in reducing the duties on various products
from that country.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion of Mr   KING, of Alabama, the
Senate took up the bill to distribute, for a limited
time, the proceeds of the public lands among the
States,&c; and, after some remarks from Messrs.
i BENTON and E WING, the bill was laid on the
table.
I                            MAIL CONTRACTS.
¡ On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the resolution
for changing the time of making contracts for
carrying the mails was taken up; und, after being
amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, JprU 15, 1836.
Immediately after reading the Journal-
Mr. DENiNY rose to make a motion, when
Mr.  HOWARD requested him to yield the
floor, to enable him to bring a subject before the
House, in which he felt a personal interest.
Mr. DENNY having complied, and leave being
granted by the House,
Mr. HOWARD said that he wished to call the
attention of the House, and of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] to the imperfect manner
in which his (Mr. W.'s) remarks, made on the
day before yesterday, were reported in the Na-
tional Intelligencer of this morning. It would
be remembered by the House that considerable
debate occurred upon a motion of a gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Shbppebd,] to strike
out a part of the contingent fund provided for the
State Department, and which involved in its
range the propriety of the appointment by the
President of two commissioners, to proceed to
Ohio and Michigan after the adjournment of the
last Congress. Mr. H. said that, as wag well
known, he had the honor of being selected as one
of these «ommissioners, associated with ¡t dis-
tinguished gentleman [Mr, Rush] who had filled
many honorable stations under the Government.
With what success or ability they had performed
their duties, it was not for him to judge, being
satisfied with the approbation of the President,
expressed on the surrender of the trust; but he
Would say that they we, e undertaken with a single
eye to the preservation of the peace of the coun-
try, then ttrfeatened with mimifreat danger af
violation. In the course of the debate, the power
of the President to make such appointments had
been freely discussed. This was a matter prop-
erly open to debate, and gentlemen had a fair
right to scrutinize it strictly. He had listened to
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise,] as he always did, with attention, and was
perfectly sure that the report of them, which he
would ask the Cleik to read, was not an accurate
report. The debate having turned exclusively
apon the appointment of the commissioners, the
gentleman from Virginia is made to say as follows:
The Clerk then read this extract:
"Mr. Wtie said the dncu«<uon showed «he neccsiityof
examining these contingent appropriation* What would
gentlemen tay, (lie a.kod,) it it should turn out tint this
very appropriation of $2ó,l)00   a  u-i d to pay tome of these
secret agent--, appointi d without anv authoiitv of the Con-
stitution > He went into the examination ot the rnrht of
appoiutment,and contended that the President had no power
ot the kind contended tor. The contingent appropriations
(he said) were applied to all sorts of illegitimate purpose?,
and even to one portion of a «ysteni of corruption, which
bad Increased to a most enormous extent."
Mr. HOWARD said that, in the passage just
read, it might be inferred by some readeis, that
the epithet contained in the last sentence was ap-
plied to the appointment of the commissioners,
which he was perfectly sure the gentleman from
Virginia did not do. The remarks which were
made by members of the House in debate, were
of great consequence; but those which were re-
ported to have been made were equally so, because
they went forth to the nation instead of being
confined to the House; and having called the at-
tention of the gentleman from Virginia to the
imperfection in the report of his remarks, he left
it to his own sense of justice what course to
pursue.
Mr. WISE said it would give him a great deal
of pleasure to explain. He would say he had
spoken on the day alluded to without preparation,
and extemporaneously, and could not say what
his precise words were; but he knew what his
meaning was. He meant to instance this ap-
pointment of commissioners to Michigan, by the
President of the United States, not as a coirupt
appointment, but as an illegitimate appointment;
and he had generally denounced contingent ap-
propriations as covering illegitimate and corrupt
applications of the public moneys. He did not
mean to charge the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, or the President, with corruption in
the appointment; but he charged the President
then, as he did now, with making an illegitimate
appointment, when there was no necessity for
doing so. There was, however, a difference of
opinion on that subject. At the time alluded to
he was debating the subject with his colleague
[Mr. Mason] of these contingent appropriations
covenngcorruptapplicationsof the public money.
He did not charge the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Howard] with corruption; and if
such charge was intimated in the report, he would
say, with great pleasure, that he wasmisreportnd.
Mr. HOWARD said, that he.was gladto find
that the recollection of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia corresponded with his o- n. The consti-
tutionality or legality of the appointment Was
properly open to debate, and gentlemen upon all
sides had a perfect right to express their opinions
upon it. He would no longer detain the House
from its ordinary business.
SELECTING DEPOSIT BANKS.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the general consent
of the House to take up and dispose of the reso-
lution submitted by him, calling on the Secretary
of the Treasury for certain information connected
with the deposit banks.
It was objected to.
DEPOSIT OF THE PUBLIC MONEfS.
The resolution reported by Mr. Owen*, from
the Committpe of Ways and Means, fixing a day
for the consideration of the bill in relation to the
deposit of the public moneys, and Mr. Wise's
amendment thereto, came up as the unfinished
business.
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved to postpone the
resolution and amendment u ¡ml to-morrow; which
was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, fiom the Committee dn
