886
THE C®NGftfigSi0NAL GLOBR
April 16,
thp amendment be agreed to, they would hare nil I
thooihir oía us  cornil s 'hire to ask a similar
prov isioti, and tin le would be no end to it.
Air Rl PL Is. Y mentioned the tait, that there
w as no 11 iss of pubac offie. rs in this Gov eminent,
excepting- those omieued with the Ltnd Oirtce,
but w'i u~lnd ihei ornee unt and lut I paid out ot
the public Treason Why should this distinc-
t on 'lomid '><- i nn the ortuirs ol the West and
«II others There could be no valid reason for it.
Mr VINTON said there never had been less
occasion tor the i xira allowance proposed than
at thepre-t nt mm , on account of the large amount
of siU s, t'ii which they received a perct ntns;e.
The argument ot the gentleman from Louisiana
«ippludonh to thai Stite.and ou^ht not tobe
acted uñón asa gewral i ule,or taken as a stand-
aid for the western S ates
Mr LAN E remaiked that there w ere no offices
so mmii sought attir in this Government as
those of the registers and receivers oi the pub ic
lands He reieirtd to his own ¡state It was
true, thtv received a salary of only $500, but
they received a p rcentage of one pi rcent. oa the
<ns,a commission on the deposits, and v mows
other perquisites, amounting; altogether to be-
tween two and three thousand a yeai.
Mr BOON was willing, if any special case of
necessity existed, to vote, foi it, but no such had
everexi* rd m the State of Ind.am, ¡>o tar as
came vvuhiii his knowledge. He be'ieved those
officers already received an ample remuneration
under the ex .sting law ,and he should vote against
 ny increase.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, said it
was true that th's was a small matter, but it in-
volved an evtraord nary pnnciple He was op-
posed to this indirect mode of increasing salaries.
If they were too small, and proved to his satis-
faction to be so, he would be willing to add $500
i y ear to thorn; but, so far from this being so, he
ventured to say that no officers were better paid
'han the registers and receivers of the public
lands. Who ever saw a poor one' Why, the y
were already paid more than the Gov ernor of any
western State, and received salaries of §3,500 in
States where judges of the superior courts did not
receive a thousand dollars. He was opposed to
the amendment t  toto on principle, and the more
so from the apparently insidious manner in which
it had been proposed. He sincerely hoped and
trusted it would be rejected.
Mr. RIPLEY said, as the Senators and Rep-
resentatives from Louisiana had been instructed
by the Legislature on the subject, he moved, in
execution thereof, an amendment to the follow-
ing effect. That the registers and receivers, when-
ever their salaries and emoluments did not amount
lo $1,000 a year, should be furnished with office
rent at tbe expense of the Government.
Mr. LAWLER accepted this as a modification,
and addressed the committee for a short time in
support of his amendment, and of the reasons
that had induced him to move it,which were that
the present compensation was inadequate. Surely
where those officers did not receive moie than a
thousand dollars, it would be unreasonable to
compel them to pay fiom three to five hundred
dollars out of that for office rent. He denied that
his proposition was either insidious or extraordi-
nary , and if all appropriations were as free fi om
objection as this there would be no great objec-
tion to them.
Mr. HARPER was opposed to the amendment
on the ground that it was not in pursuance of a
preexisting law, and even, if assured of its neces-
sity, he should vote against it in the present bill
on that account.
The amendment, as modified, was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Owens to strike out the whole clause, which
was agreed to.
Mr. HARDIN gave notice that he should move
in the House u  non-concur la the amendment
appropriating $250 to the clerk for recording the
opinions of the Supreme Court.
The following clause being read:
Por outfits of charge des affaires to Meiieo and Pero,
f ,000—
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, moved to insert the
word " Prussia," and increasing the «mount to
$13,500, which,aftei u ti w woidsot explanation,
was a^util 'o.
Mr CAMBRELENG muved to strike out the
following item:
J-or toiiungent evppnvpa   ot   nil  the missions abroad,
SJ0 000
Mr A. H. SHEPPERD w ished the gentleman
to include in his motion a uduction ot the item,
''forcontmgt nt ex|  nscsof toicign mtcieouise,"
fiom $30,0110 to J,').000, as he vvishtd to address
the committee on the wholt subject embraced in
those two iti ms
Mr C\MBRELEN'G l.mirk.d, that the two
clauses could not be embraced in one motion, but
the gentleman might a\ ail himselfof either motion
to sue his views
Mr SHEPPEHD then addressed the commit-
tee at length on the subject of the expenditures
of the several Dipartments, going at large into
the whole subji ct, and reft mug to a variety of
dituls and statements under the several heads
embraced in the contingent and incidental ex-
penditures of the difftrert Departments
The amendment of Mi CAMBRELENG was
then agreed to, nnd the clause was stricken out.
The follow ing clause being road:
T r tli mi^iisi , oi in re >uim with the Birbary Pow
er-, 51    lo —
Mr A. H. SHEPPERD wished tins item re-
duced, and movid to strike out the present sum,
and substitute the sum ot $10,000.
Mr. MASON, of Vuginia, said the item had
aheaciy been reduced iiom the appropriation of
foinui vears, and was $3,600 less than the actual
expenditure in 1834-"35 He also added, that
within tlie last two yeais these expendituies had
been regulated by responsibility, as thoy would
be in futun , each a ent being under an obligation
to produce his v oucliers forevery item of account.
He also enteied into a statement of the items of
which the appropriation was made up. If the
gentleman would limit 11 to $12,000, Mr. M.
would have no objection.
Mr. SHEPPERD accepted this as a modifi-
cation.
Mr. WISE understood the question to be this:
that our consuls to the Baibary Powers were in
the habit of making presents to them, and by a
law of 1810 these consuls were required to re-
turn vouchers for these presents; but this had
not been done, and the accounts liad been paid
without vouchers, by adopting another system
of procuring presents, viz: by buying them in the
United States. This, he supposed, had been done
to encourage American manufactures, to carry
out the principles of the American system. Mi.
W. read a list of articles furnished as presents
by the State Department, among which was nan-
keen, the production of Georgia. This might be
an ingenious invention to substitute the law, by
patronizing articles of American production, but
it was probably done for the purpose of patron^
izrng an agent of them here.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, replied by referring
to the original law, passed in Mr. Jefferson's
administration, authorizing the President to open
and carry on intercourse with the Barbary Pow-
ers, and to send agents there. He then enteied
into an explanation,establishing the fact that the
provisions of the law had been carried out. The
sum to be expended was, under the amendment,
$12,000, and all the agency would amount to
would be the small sum of $000.
Mr. SHEPPERD briefly explained that the
nankeen had been charged at the <fair market
price, and it was a very saleablecommodity. He
had also inquired whether that article had been
inserted at the requisition of the Secretary of
State, and he was satisfied, from that investiga-
tion, that it had not.
1 Mr. MASON explained that the clerk in the
Department made out the list without the slight-
est consultation with the Secretary of State; that
the demand exceeded the production, and that
1 Mr. Forsyth's agent gave no preference. He
also stated the fact that, when Mi. Forsy th ascer-
tained the order had been given for the American
nankeen, that gentleman objected to its execution,
on the ground that there was not enough for
American consumption.
The amendment as modified, was then agreed
to
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to stnkeuut the
clause,
For contingent expenses 01 fo < i¿u intercourse, $30,000
Which was agreed to
The following clausi being read-
For rvprnspx ot" transition 111 prepinn.? a " Di!*e«t of
Commen ■ il ttegtilitiom ot t oruisu I nuntiiei " under the
resolution of the House ot tteprt oenutivea of 3d of Mirch,
1831, $óüu—
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to stnke out
" one," and insert," for the thud volume of the
sami, $5,000," so as to make it read, $5,500;
which was rejected.
The following clause was then read:
For the Documentary History of the American Revolu-
tion, per net ut 2d M irch, 1833, $-20,000
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, made some re-
marks in reference to the cxtraordlnnrycontract
under which this work was punted. By the terms
of this contract, the individuals with whom it
was made (Clarke and Force) had the power of
printing evi ry document and paper from the first
discovery of the American continent to the close
of the Ri volution. The volum s cost the coun-
try twenty-one dollars each, and, instead of being
limited to $403,000, the first estimate, it would
probably exceed double that sum, for the parties
assumed to themselves the right to make each
v olume as large as they pleased. He should move
to strike out the clause; and he intended to sub-
I nut, at a future day, a resolution directing an
i inquiry to be made as to the propriety of rescind-
ing the contract altogether, and paying the dam-
ages At all events, it had better he over. The
House had been grossly imposed upon, and the
parties would make more by it than if Congress
had given them $20,000ayear for doing nothing.
The motion was agreed to, and the clause was
stricken out
I Some conversation took place on the clause
' appropriating $300,000 for the erection of the cus-
tom-house at New York, between Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts, Mr.
HARDIN, and Mr. CAMBRELENG, (the latter
gentleman producing the correspondence between
the Secretary of the Treasury and the architect
and superintendent, including the estimates for
the cunent year, and for completing the building,
which was stated to be about j.750,000,) Mr.
JOHNSON of Tennessee, Mr. STORER, Mr.
REYNOLDS of Illinois, and
Mr. MERCER, who moved to strike out the
whole appropriation, which was rejected—ayes
44, noes 81.
Mr. MERCER then moved to reduce the ap-
propriation one half, (#150,000,) which, after a
f< w words from Mr. CAMBRELENG, was re-
jected—ayes 53, noes 74.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
strike out the following clause:
For completing the  public  warehouse at  Baltimore,
$17,000
Mr. McKIM made a brief explanation, and
the amendment was rejected without a count
The other clauses of the bill were then agreed
to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved to increase
the item for compensation to the clerks and mes-
sengers in the office of Indian affairs from ^3,050
to $4,950, and explained that the committee had
reported less than the law authorized, though not
so much as was asked.
Mr. HA WES moved that the committee rise;
which was negatived—ayes 50, noes 91.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to amend the bill
by adding an item of $347 07 for payment of the
claims of Colonel Lawrence and others, being
part of an -appropriation made by the act of the
5th March, 1816, forthese objects, earned to the
surplus fund on the 30th December, 1826, reap-
propnated on the 20th March, 1828, and again
carried to the surplus fund on the 31st December,
1830, which was agreed to.
Mr CAMBRELENG moved a furthci amend-
ment:
Tor the expense of medals aud swords to Colonel Croghan
and other , $5,200,
