&*>*>
m¥>(x>míCEmGmw <«l®m
ind por-
3,580.
Which was agreed  to—ayes 113,  noes iH>t
counted.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved the following:
For i lio expense of bringing to the mat of Government
rtn1 invs tor iVjanient ana Vice President of the I'uited
Stais. «-«.oía.
Agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved further to
amend the bill by adding the following item:
For «be «nrrey of the coast of Uie Unites States, #60,000.
Mr. C. explained that this branch of the ser-
Tice had been recently transferred from the Wavy
to the Treasury Department.
Mr. HARDlN inquired whether the mineral-
ogiet was included in this appropriation, because,
if so, he was dead asainst him'
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied ill the negative;
«ad the item was then agreed td.          •   •
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved a series of
appropriations fur the salaries of Governor,
judges, •secretary, district attorney, marshal, and
contingent expenses of Wisconsin Territdry,
$10,500; also for the pay and mileage \o th# mem-
bers of the- Legislative Couneil, printing the laws,
Ae.< £M<XH and for the public buildings and
library of said Territory, $85,080.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired if the
estimates for these appropriatldns had been sub-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means ?
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that they had
Writ, because there had been no opportunity, as
the trill establishing the Territory nad only been
onder consideration a day or two ago. He would
state, however, that the items had been filled up
from the bill, including the Governor's salary,
which, if reduced in* the bill, could be reduced
when the present bnl came into the House.
Th<> amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved'an additional
¡temr                               "*           ' ',"    '           "
for cnTanp'nj and repairing üie custom Rouse, nod
•Assh^SdéftiMSItaad^en'Kir, at Bath, Maf&e*-$5,3
Agreed to.         "''                              ¡
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved aa addMioaal
item of J4,5v- fac the repair  of the public build-
ings at Stolen Island; which was-agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved an item for de>
fcayiog the expenses of the survey of lots in
the town of Galena, IHinois, made by the sur-
veyors general of Missouri and Illinois, under
the act of Congress of 1S29, $1,000; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG noted ihe. folUrwiag:
¥*r* etMnm-lMose M their*? of Bints-*, MSMSrfciiterty,
ia aridmou id a former appropnanim, &f ,GOk. ■
Mr. LAWRENCB mad* a brief explanation
in relation to the manner of bringing forward
this proposition, and said that itrWOUld have been
originally inserted in the bill hot for want of |
time. He also stated tfcarin respect-to the amount i
of tonnage, though not df import; Boston was
the largest port in the United stated1/       "        ■ I
Mr. CAMBRELENG con armed the explana- [
tion of Mr. Lawssmce as to the item- net being i
in the btlf. There was a doubt, at first, on the
minds of the members of the Committee of Ways
and Means, as to whether the subject belonged
to that committee, and they consequently moved
its" reference to the Committee on Commerce,
who, after investigation, referred it back again to
the former committee, but too fate to be inserted
in the bill, which had bees* previously reported
and printed. But for this reason the appropria-
tion woaM have been inserted in Ihe bill.     '"
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved to amend the
amendment so as to require the foundation of the
baBdings to*tie of stone, andf the superstructure
Of brie*.                               -    *
Mr. LAWRENCE remarked that die séiMtacíf
was composed of granite, and consequently-the
foundations of All the buildings in Boston were
of that material. They lived in a* country1 of
granite, which was therefore as cheap-with them
as brick                       i   r     'f    *    "'
Mr. UNDERWOOD was* satisfied with the
explanation and would' modify his amendment so
as to cause the superstructure to be furnished of
granite or brick. After the example of the mar-
ble palace at New York, he was convinced some
prevision of this kind was indispensable. '
Mr. LAWRENCE had no objection to the I
I amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired ifaproperbou-ie
for the purpose required could not be constructed
in the way his amendment proposed for §100,000
in addition to the sum already appropriated >
Mr. LAWRENCE replied that the land for
the site of the custom-house would probably cost
somewhere from $125,000 to $175,000, but of the
building he had not gone into the particulars.
AM the people of Boston wanted was a substan-
tial, good, solid building, without any mm-ble or
ornaments of any kind.
Mr. HA WES thought it altogether unneces-
sary to make any opposition td this' proposition,
as the House had already determined that the
custom-house at New York should cost $750,000.
He hoped then, after granting that, they would
not refase this to the people of Boston; and, for
himself, he would vote them a like sum of
$750,000, for lie now saw that his friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
wad resolved to take the whole of the surplus
revenae out of the Treasury for these expendi-
tures.
Mr. WISE begged to inquire if there Was any
custom-house in this country built of marble J
[Several voices exclaimed "New 'York !" "New
York!"] There was, then, a new project for dis-
tributing the surplus revenue, and he was glad to
hear from one of "*e parts" the intention charged
Upon the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and" Means of expending it. There was half a
million of dollars at one fell swoop for building
two mammoth marble temples in the cities of New
York and Boston!
Mr. CAMBRELENG would only*reply that
' the "marble" contracts were not made by-one of
"the parly," but by one of the "other'party."
Mr. MERCER thought that a liufc unkind, for
though he Was not at thts time a patticumt1 friend
of the late Secretary of State, (Mr. McLane,) he
oijee was, and he was sorry to find that gentle-
man made the scape-goat, and compelled to bear
all the weight of this most improvident con-
tract.                            <-
Mr. CAMBRELENG was merely repelling
an Attack of the gentleman from Virginia, fMr.
; wwb.i
1 Mr. WISE merely asked a question, but Made
no attack upon- any one. His allusion was lb
1 the gentleman fro  Kentucky, [Mr. Hawk*,]
who ought to know something about "the;pavt¡f"
and their intentions, and that genflentoWsaMt *e
saw plainly that his friend from New York was
' about to expend the surplus revenue in the'way
indicated-.
Mr. HAMER; with reference to Mr. Us*br-
wooB'stkifaendmetit, remarked that he could see
no reason Why the limitation , as td the materials
fot structure, should be confinedlo-Bostdn only;
and he should, therefore, vote against it. * ' " ■'
Mr. UNDERWOOD wished to guard against
the'erection of another marble palace, «nd he
had no objection to modify his amendment,' so as
to provide that the huperstructdre of the Boston
custom-house should be* Of brick.
Mr. LAWRENCE stated that there was not
at this time a marble bnilding in the whole city
of Boston, nor did he think it likely there would
be. They were all Of granite, because that was
the cheapest as well ai the most available mate-
rial they had for bnildtag.   ■           ■ '
- Mr. HARPER hadsome knowledge ofthis busi-
ness; and he knew that in Philadelphia there was
very little difference between tne-cost of granite
and of the best White marble. He also knew that
granite «test necessarily be dearer than bricks',
on «cCount of the expense of cutting the former.
Mr. HALL, of Maine, said', the gentleman
from Pennsylvania last up [Mr. Haiécé*] was,
he understood, a practical brickmaker, and that
may áccountfor his preference of brick to granite,
or «fly other Material, for building. Mr. H. eame
from a granite country, and could assure the gen-
tleman froM Pennsylvania and that committee,
that granite could be furnished in Boston for the
erection of the custom-house at as low a rate Of
cost as bricks. He thought the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky was therefore im-
material.
•  Aftersome further remark*byMessrs. GUSH-
ING, UNDERWOOD, 'LAW«El*0f:< «AR.
PER, HANNEGAN, REED, PBUffON, and
PIPLEY                                                         *'
Mr.UNDER WOODagain modified himmflkid-
inent as follows:                                          *   < '
Pravilf', That stud cttttnm-UouM «hall be constructed of
brick or granite;
which was rejected; and the original amendment
was then agreed to.
Mr. HAWES then proposed an amendment
" for enlarging the custom-house in Louisville,
Kentucky, $35,000."
Mr. H. had but a few words to say in relation
to this proposition. LoiusviHe was now a port
of entry, and one of the most important com-
mercial cities on the western waters. When they
had already appropriated, in addition to other
large appropriations for fhe city of New York of
$300,000, not to complete, but/<w or toward) the
completion of a duetom-housc there, and $900,000
to the city of Boston for the same purpose—-for
he had no doubt they wfcttld be ealled npon for
additional appropriations next session—'bow,
when all this had been done for those two cities,
he had a right to expect the Vote of gentlemen for
this simple sum of $25,000 for the city Of Louis-
ville. Moreover, he wouhf pledge himself that>
when that sum -was granted, no more would* be
asked for1 a long course of yeafs Í6 come for'the
same object. He w ould Aovr test the impartiality
of gentlemen who had voted such large appropri-
ations' fdr the eastern éountry, and See if they
were equally willing to extend the same benefits
1 to the West. • He did not ask a tenth for Louis-
ville that had been appropriated for New York;
and that was a city'of tat? much* importance td tbe
western' country as was New York or Boston to
the East.'
, Mr. MASON, of Virginia, 'remarked that he
hnd been in his seat ridwnearly eight hours with-
out refreshment, and, a* there were' still several
amendments to be offered, he moved that the com-
mittee rise; which was negatived — ayes €5,
noeSÍ*?.                                      ' ' '
Mr. GRAVES noped the atflendmefrt would
prevail.
Mr. CAMBRÜLENG knew ttotHmg of the
question, and should, therefore, reserve- his vote
j upon it till'the bill eame 4rito the House. If the
mpver would satisfy the Hdusethatitwtrsproper,
j lite tmoWld'theiitvbWtor ft. *-■'
i " THeramendtaent wa* ho* agreed to—ayes 44,
boes-ndt^oonied'. >'•         * *-
- Mr." UNDERWOOD nWvéd an amendment
•f^propriatiflg'fBOW.OOefor'ihe pnrpose of improv-
ing'the navigable Streams In the State of TEen-
tncky, to be paid to, add expended under the
direction of, the bttard'of internal improvements
1 of that State; which was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, then Ottered
I the amendment, 'of which he had given notice,
to cdme in as a second section of the bill, «s fói-
I lows:
'     (Bed,*. Jt*J té U JUrUUr enattei, Ttisl it «hall 'fee the
! dtrtiai «f-the Secretan   «f ifttatet of «he Treuury, of the
[ War and Navy Pfpaitmenw.flni^ tie FaewjaatccGeri-
eial,and the Secretary of the Senate and Cferk of the fíouee
of Representatives, to fay before Congress, the first week In
I Jnnutiyin each year, a «tatetttthlshot-ring in detail th« ex-
«ouluiires of the previous ysar.ef the vanouj mum which
may have been appropriated by Congress for the contingent
expensen of their respective Departments, and the two
Houses of Corigress, epeeirfyifif the appropriation, and tinder
it the expenditures, each article purohamid. the prfs MM,
1 and to whom the «aaacsbatl have been Said.   ■•       /A   .,
The amendment was agreed t& «    .  *'.
Mr. STOKER proposed «rf-itetSfoT $35,0)0
| forthe'erection of a marine hospital at Cincinnati,
Ohio.-          ■      '   " -   '*-"■ -J' ' ■    •       '    <  "•
Mr. REYNOLDS, of' Illinois*, ¿rt-ftptofed-4b
amend 'the foregoing' by appreprfa'trirg Míe Sum
of---------dollars for the erection of a maride hos-
pital on the western Waters, the site;to Deselected
by( and money to be expended imaér the'diree-
i tion of, the Secretory of the Treasary1.' <   '"• •' 
i     Mr. R. remarked that tne gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had done the subject so much justice,
1 and had advanced such liberal View*, that it was
| almost useless for him to'say one word- to the
committee.   But it was a subject of vast import-
| anee tothepeople of Illinois, Whortliefejorese^ea;
i and on that consideration, ns would •"•J1? ***
, committee, thai many marUorioas individuáis, in
I navigatint-the-wewM* * ter*f If**© * •***• art«
