THE COTOEESSIOML GLOBE,
mtm
tm
BY BLAIR & HIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
Fir<t Sbssjoit, 94th Comchess.
MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1636.
Volume 3....No. 94.
SB
•uch suma as shall bear a just proportion to their
Federal numbers.
Mr. WISE inquired why his colleague lim-
ited the distribution to the proceeds of the last
two years only?
Mr, MERCER replied, because he wished to
«void the difficulty of meeting the argument of
withdrawing so much from the magnificent
•chemcs of expenditure now going forward, and
for other purposes.
Mr. WISE inquired what was the probable
amount of the proceed  of toe public lands for
that period'
Mr. MERCER understood it to be about six-
teen million dollars.
Mr. WISE would suggest to gentlemen who
wished to debate this question that then was the
accented time. In this way, and this way only,
could that question ever be debated.
Mr. MERCER then modified hia proposition
by extending the time to four years; ana if was
rejected.
Mr. HUNTSMAN rose and indicated his in-
tention of submitting a proposition for the erection
of a marine hospital at Memphis, Tennessee,
#15,000.
Mr. H. said, that in offering the amendment
which he was about to do, if fie was to consult
his own judgment, he would most assuredly defer
it «stil the bill, which, it was said, would be
reported by the Committee on Commerce, in
favor of a general and uniform system of marine
hospitals, came up for consideration.   He consid- i
ered the subject one worthy of the consideration j
of Congress; the wants and necessities of such
an establishment were more in demand on the !
western waters than elsewhere. The diseases of
the climate, the universal resort of citizens of alt
parts of the United States, (at might say of the
civilized world,) combine to present this a  a
subject of deep solicitude to the people of the far
West. In returning from New Orleans, about the
commencement of the sickly season, Memphis,
perhaps with a single exception, is the first point
of highland.   Those who contract the diseases of
abe climate incident to the lower latitudes, as well
M those who have suffered from attacks of cholera
and. small pox, (which is not unfrequent,) have
to land at this point.   Many hare there died, and
have gone to their longhomes without receiving the
assistance that the law of humanity in every civ-
ilized country upon the globe should guaranty to
the stranger, when cast abroad, sick and afflicted,
in a foreign land.   The citizens of Memphis an*
entitled to the everlasting gratitude of the States
in the valley of the Mississippi, for theexertion 
they have always made for the ease, the comfort,
and the cure of the sick and afflicted from other
countries cast upon their hospitality. They have
even exerted themselves beyond their means for
this humane purpose.   With a population of
fifteen hundred, or two thousand, perhaps, they
have  paid, for  this   purpose, sometimes, that
number of dollars yearly, for medical assistance
and nursing, and those nourishments which are
indispensable for such a purpose, to those dis-
abled and diseased strangers. The State of Ten-
nessee has made some appropriations to build
a hospital at this point.   At the last session of
Congress a sura, perhaps |5,000, was appro-
priated by the House of Representatives to aid
the State of Tennessee in the establishment of
this institution at Memphis; but owing to the
want of usas, or some other cause,the Señase did
aot aot upon it.   Tennessee is less concerned in
this than nay other State in the Union, so far as
respects her own ciasen*.   If thtir sick «in get
that nigh home, (to Memphis,) then resident
frisada or relatives can immediately fly to their
assistance.   But the citizens of other Sutes can-
not enjoy this benefit.   They are far from the 
homes, their friends, and their firesides; and
although their bodies may be racked with pain,
their systems charged with disease, yet there is
no friend, no relation, to admimster consolation,
24
to soften affliction, or smooth the pillow of death.
They die in a distant land, uncomfortcd, neglect-
ed, and too frequently unattended to. This will
always be so upon such a highway as the great
river Mississippi, where five hundred thousand
persons annually travel; where the small pox, the
cholera, and the diseases of a southern climate,
prevail. 1 therefore offer this amendment, Mr.
Chairman, on behalf of ray colleague, [Mr. Dun-
uax,) who is the immediate Representative of the
district comprehending the town of Memphis, and
who is now absent from his seat byjndisposition.
I know he has this subjectmuchat heart; and by
offering the amendment here, when the bill is
reported to the House, he can then take such a
course as his judgment shall dictate to him on
that occasion. For myself, when the general
bill to establish marine hospitals shall come up,
(which I think the most suitable occasion,) I shall
then advocate a provision for a hospital at Mem-
phis on a respectable scale.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. HA WES moved the sum of $250 for print-
ing the report of the select committee made at the
last session of Congress, in relation to the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point; which was rejected.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, moved the
sum of $30,000 for the erection of a marine hos-
pital at Maysville, Kentucky; which was rejected.
Mr. LO Y ALL proposed the sum of 4500 for a
marble bust of the late Chief Justice Marshall;
which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose and reported the bill and amend-
ments to the House, and the same were ordered to
be printed.
The House then, at eight o'clock, p. m., ad-
journed.
HOUSE Of REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturd.it, 4pri/16,1836.
Mr. HARRISON, on leave, presented several
petitions for post routes; which were referred \o
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I     Petitions   were   also   presented * by Messrs.
GRAVES, P. C. PULLER, REYNOLDS, of
Dlinois, ADAMS, and SEVIER, and referred.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, presented the
petition of the heirs of Colonel Daniel Cresap,
praying relief for services performed in the war of
the Revolution, and for which, no compensation
was ever given.
RESOLUTIONS  SUBMITTED.
On motion of Mr. PARKS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
loads be directed to inquire into tbe expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Aason, in the county ol Somerset,
through North New Portland and Lexington, to Dead river,
in tbe said county of Somerset, and State of Maine.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, it
Rt lv*i, That tbe Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roods be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
1 establishing a mad route in tbe State of Illinois, from Unity
! to the mouth of tbe Ohio,
On motion of Mr. JTJDS0N, it was
I     Reiohed, That the Committee of Claims be lnstructca'
tm inquire into the expediency and justice of refunding
l thirty dollars to E  Horcón, which stun was paid by him
| inte-tbe Treasury of toe United States on the 33th day of
February, 1835, for a patent which the said llorton lias
nerer taken out, and has abandoned.
\ ^ Mr. JARYIS submitted the following resolu-
| tíon; which, by consent, was considered, and
( agreed to:
I Retohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
j to report to this House the number of sick and disabfed
seamen received during the year 1835 into each of the ma-
rine hospital*} the expense of tttstatmag each of those
establishment, including the riay of supenuteniiem  (.physi-
cians, nurses, and all other persons employed, and all con-
tingentes; the average expense per week or a patient hi
«•en of the hospitals, and the average expense per «reek
incurred during toe saate year hi the sehef of siek sod.
disabled seamen in those collection districts in winch there
is not a marine hospital. Also, the whole amount of hos-
pital money collected, and the whole amount of expend"-'
uure for the relief of sick and disabled seamen wimta eaehr
eollecuoadistrict within the United States during thea
year.
Mr. BOON submitted the following resolution ;
which, by consent, were considered, and adopted:
Retolntt, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
in lurnish this House with a statement showing the quan-
tity, in acres, of public land unsold at the time ot the Inst
quarterly return of sales, and within the limits of the several
States and organized Territories. Also, the number of acres
which have been appropriated for internal improvements,
education, or charitable institutions; showing, under sep-
arate heads, the quantity of land unsold m each State and
Territory; and to what States and Territories, or bodies
politic, grants of lend havs been mads, and the quantity to
each.
Retohed, That On Secretary of the Treasury inform this
House what amount of money has been paid by the United
States for the title to the public lands, including the pay-
ments made under the Louisiana and Florida treaties, the
compact with Georgia, the settlement with the Yazoo
claimant , the contracts with the several Indian tribes,
and* the expenditures lor compensation to commissioners,
clerks, surveyors, and other officers, employed by the United
States for the management and sale of the western domain;
also, the gross amount ot money received at the public
Treason- as the proceeds of sates of public lands, and the
sums still due from supposed solvent purchasers.
AMERICAN ARCHIVES.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
it was
Retohed, That the report of the Secretary of State, dates]
the 2Jd of December, 1834, numbered thirty-six among th«
documents of the first session of the Twenty-Third Con-
gress, and tbe papers accompanying the same, be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, with the following
instructions:
1st. To inqvire into the propriety of repealing the act of
the 9d March, 1833, and rescinding the contract made by
virtue thereof, by Edward Livingston, on the part of the
United States, and Clark & Force, for the publication of
the "Documentary History of the Revolution," and to pay
the expendituresincurred by said publishers in consequence
of said contract.
3d. If that is not proper to be done, then to inquire into
the propriety of better regulating said contract; directing the
number and size of the volnmes, and the sum to be paid
far the same, sad the tune for the completion ot «aid paeu-
cation, and the best and proper means of superintendiae
said publication, and directing the documents to be insertes
in said publication.
captain Williams's survey.
Mr. HARD submitted the following resolu-
tion); whkkliee over one day4
Sssofeat, That there-be printed # « aYoasand evtre eeete*
of Captain Williams's report of the result of the scurry of
a canal route connecting tbe waters of Lakes Eneaad On-
tario, made by htm during the summer of 1835, tpgether
with the accompanying maps.
PEN8Í0NS TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, and by
unanimous consent, the House resolved itaelf
into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Hawse ut
the chair,) on the bill granting half pay far
widows and orphans, where thei  husbands and
fathers have died, or shall hereafter die, of
wounds received in the military service of the
United States, in certain cases.
Añera few explanatory remarks by Mr. Wanr-
txesey, the committee rose, reported the bill to
the House without amendment, and it was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Subsequently the bill was read a third tune, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the Hon   tbe Al-
lowing comrnunieatKmr:
I.   A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report from the Cflmwiisstoiier of
the General Land Office received from the sur-
veyor general of Illinois awi Mwsmiri, accom-
panied by sundry documents;- which was kid oB
the table, and ordered to toe printed.
II.  A letter from the Secretary of War, trans 
milting, from the Topographical Bureau, a report
and survey of a ship channel to eonneet tb 
waters of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario; which
was referred ta the Committee on Roads amé
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
HL ComwM icatiohi from the Regate* ft« 
First and Third Auditors of the Treasury, it 
aimterto a reseintH   «Tib* 11* instant, trans-
nritUBg a lis* «f ta* clerks, *enf dtttRi, *c-,
