KJ86.
TÍOS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37*
«pefatwB, so that the mail eowld be earned on it,
and the other where an important section of the
road was in operation. Then the right to carry
the mails on them might be contracted for, but
must be appro red by Congress. There could be
no contract so as to produce the payment of the
money before the corporations commenced per-
forming the service.
Mr. BENTON had made it his business to
consider this proposition, and to listen to what
had been said with respect to it; but he was
bound to say that he saw difficulties of many
kinds surrounding this proposition; one of them
would be the shitting of large burdens from the
Post Office Department on the Treasury, while
it, at the same time, threw additional burdens
on it. These railroads were only carried from
one great point to another, passing by the smaller
town  and villages, without stopping long enough
for the purposes of the mail, so that the mails for
these neglected places would still have tobe kept
up, though the mails were transported from one
great town to another in the railroad cars. It
was known that these pul road companies were
instituted aoiely to their own convenience, with-
out regard to political, or any other, considera-
tions. Their cars run from one great point to
another, without taking into view the interme-
diate points; while, in various parts of the United
States, there were so many minor post offices, so
near to each other, that it had been found neces-
sary to establish a rule that the post offices should
not be nearer than five miles to each other. These
rail cars did not arrive at the maximum of their
speed until some time after starting, ami were
obliged t  restrain their speed' for some time be-
fore stopping, consequently, if they should atop
frequently, they would not,on the average, travel
much faster than the ordinary mail. With re-
spect to the length and breadth of this scheme,
the Senator from Tennessee found it impossible
yet to determine anything like its boundaries;
and, that it was so impossible, would be granted
by any one who would cast his eye over the map
of the United States. By patronising one com-
pany, the hopes of various others would be
excited, and active competition would be pro-
duced for the patronage of the Government to a
great extent. There were at this time, in Mis-
souri, projects for nearly three hundred miles of
railroad. He mentioned this for the parpóse of
showing how numerous and hew extensive these
railroad projects had become; for, if the business
was carried so for in a State of the popalation
and resources ef Missouri, how much further
would it be carried in States whose popalation
and resources so greatly exceeded hers? If the
scheme took effect in one place, it must pervade
all the others. If other States got the patronage
of the Government, Missouri would also make
application for it, and so it would be with all the
States until they obtained their share.
He thought, therefore, they eoald net see the
boundaries of this scheme. The dtffieuftiea with
regard to this measure appeared to htm to be :
such, that, like other gentlemen who bad ad-
dressed the Senate on the subject, he was willing
to bold it under consideration without pledging
himself as to the course he should take. He, for
one, did not think they ought to surrender so
quickly, and agree that they could not get along
with the business of the country without the aid
of these railroad eompaaie . Certainly the apead
of these ears was very great, bat they had very
different objects in view from the transmission of
general wtelngenee. They mast seguíate their
own hour  of arrival and stepping, a circumstance
wholly itteanrpsttble with the convenient  ef the
mails. It would be In vain for ike Peetmaater
Gewecalteatteaipttoiegulatethiateeaeiderations
affecting their own interests and the convenience
of their passe egera would solely influence them.
He could readily ace that our common mail stages
loaded with a newspaper mail of wet sheets and
suae passengers inside, must travel slowly, yet
some arrangement might be made which would
«ve sufficient speed to the transportation ef the
letters. For instance, by sending the letters first
in horse mails to themselves, then (he newspap-
ers, and, lastly, the documents, the letters «tight,
by sufficient relays ef verses, travel nefastas the
railroad cars; for, aithongJi tfce speed might not
be the same for a gives number of miles, yet,
taking into consideration the stoppage of the cars
at different points for passengers, the average
speed might be made nearly equal. He had un-
derstood that great delays, by which passengers
were subject to much inconvenience, had occur-
red on one of these railroads—the railroad from
Baltimore to Wheeling. He had been told by
gentlemen who had recently traveled on that
road, that the delays to which they had been sub-
jected had been so vexatious that they had cause
to regret that railroads had superseded the old
mode of travel. Mr. B. replied to the argument,
that these railroads would be of great advantage
in transporting the troops and munitions of war
of the United States. Under the present arrange-
ment of the War Department, he said the ex-
penses of the travel of the officers was much bet-
ter regulated by allowing them so much per mile;
and when war came, the Government could, un-
der the provisions of the Constitution, take one
of diese railroad ears for the transportation of its
troops with the same ease that they could take
an ox-team. Let a war begin, and there was a
spark of patriotism in the bosom of every man
which would induce those companies'to offer the
ase of their railroads to the Government on rea-
sonable terms; but if in any ease that patriotism
should be wanting, there was a provision in the
Constitution which would enable the officers of
the Government to take these cars for the trans-
portation of troops or munitions of war, as read-
ily as they can take an ox-cart.
Por the present, (Mr. B. said,) he-Would hold
this measure under consideration; he saw many
difficulties in the way, and he hoped that the
friends of the bill would find some mode of get-
ting over them.
Mr. WEBSTER knew of no one instance of
such fancy speculation as alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, {Mr. Clay,] of the first
class selling to the second, and the second to the
third, and so on; and he understood from the
Senator from South Carolina that no such spec-
ulation existed in South Carolina. He believed
these enterprises were connected with the public
good, and ought to be encouraged. If there was
a spirit of speculation abroad, (and he rather
thought there was, and also an excessive spirit
of internal improvement,) would net the same
spirit exist, in case the land bill passed, in the
I distribution of the money among the States in
which these improvements were going en, as ex-
1 isted now ?
Mr. W. made some corrections of his state-
ment of the average amount of money per quar-
ter in the Treasury, when up before.
After some remarks from Mr. LEIGH, the bill
was laid on the table; and, on motion of Mr.
PORTER,
The Senate adjourned.
i
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Mojídat, Jpril IS, 1836.
On motion of Mr. JACKSON, of Massachu-
setts, the bill to authorize the construction of a
railroad on the lands of the United States, in
Springfield, Massachusetts, was read a third tins
and passed.
Mr. McC ARTY, on leave, presented an amend-
ment, which he intended offering to bill No. 86,
on die subject of the public lands; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARD asked the consent of the House to
take up the resolution offered by him on Sator*
day, for printing five thousand extra copies of
the report of the War Department of the survey,
*«., of a ship canal to connect the waters of
Lake Erie and Lake Ontario.
Objection being made, Mr. W. moved to sus-
pend the rales for that purpose; which was neg-
atived.
Mr. REED, on leave, presented certain resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Massachusetts, en the
subject of the introduction of foreign paupers;
whisk were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BELL, on leave, presented a petition front
esrtsiirCaiekasaw Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indias Affairs.
Mr. REED moved to suspend the sates until
«■ee*el«k,forwa purpose of eafiinf the State*,
in order, for sack petitions at should not be oh 
jeeted to or give rise to debet , and also resolu-
tions on the subject of post route*; which was
agreed to—ayes 116, noes 24.
Petitions were accordingly presented by
Mr. BAILEY, of Maine;
Messrs. ADAMS and REED, of Massachu-
setts.
Mr. PIERCE, ef Rhode Island, offered to pre.
sent three petitions, each of which was objected
to by Mr. Wise, on the ground that, by a vote
of the House, it was put in the power of one man
to object to the presentation of petitions. He
was opposed to any such power being placed in
the hands of a single member; and he should con-
tinue to object to every petition which was pre-
sented under the rule just adopted.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped that some gentleman
who voted in the majority would move a recon-
sideration of the vote adopting the proposition of
Mr. Rbed, and that they would proceed to dis-
pose of the regular business on the Speaker's
table. It waa obvious that they eould not pro-
ceed under the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, as notice had been given by the
gentleman from Virginia, {Mr. Wise,] that he
should object to every petition which should be
offered.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsiderthe vote, with
a view to an amendment of Mr. Rem'a motion*
so as to suspend the rule to receive petition* with 
out being restricted by any objections.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; whan
Mr. Rked modified his motion m accordance
with the suggestion of his colleague* [Mr. Hoaa.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to
lay the motion on the table; which was nega*
tived.
The motion of Mr. Reno, as modified, was
then agreed to—ayes 111, noes 34.
Petitions and memorials were then further pre-
sented by
Mr. REED, of Massachusetts;
Mr. INGHAM, of Connecticut;
Messrs. ALLEN and SLADE, of Vermont. ■
SiAVERY IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SLADE presented the petition of eighty,
one citizens of Bristol, Pennsylvania,iremeaatts 
ting against the adatiasion of Arkansas into the
Untoa with a coastitution which tolerates the
existence of slavery. Mr. S. was stating the
contents of the petition, when
Mr. WISE objected toils reception.   .
The SPEAKER decided that, according to the
construction given by the House to its own res>
olution, (Mr. PnrcnNBx'i resolution,) passed an
the 8th of February last, the petition would g*
to die select .committee under the order of the
House.
Mr. WISE. I appeal from the decision of the
Chan.
Mr. SLADE asked for thereading of the peti-
tion; which was objected to in all parts of taw
House. The question recurring upon die appeal
from the decision of the Chair-*-             .           ►
Mr. WISE said there was nothing in the msav
lution, even by the broadest construction of in,
which weald sustain the decision of the Chais.
The resolution which the House had adopted, ha
contended, only related to the District of Colum-
bia, and had no reference whatever to the Terri-
tories of die United States. Titea* waa an ás ■
portant question involved hi Siis «emosial; and
that was, whether the Congress of the United
State  had the right to impose aoaditiona in rsla-
ti«n to the subject of slavery oft the new. Stales
when admitted into the Union. Ha «asid mot
see, for the life of him, bow it was posarme fiar
any person to apply the coastructMHi ¡t  thsreee-
lotton whieh the Chair had applied iatiliis rsas.
He ashed if it was the inteatien of gmulsaean fe
disturb the compromise in the Missouri auestio ?
After what the country had witnessed on that
exciting question, were they, by a constracteen
like the*, to have that excitement raised anew?
He asked eeottenwn who had voted for this reao-
hstioo, if it was intended to raise the-.Mi* oúri
question again upon the «atatsrjM **■ *"_*
southern man, dreaded the exetameat of that
qaeatioh; and be theeefo  prosjated with sil tea
power agaiflst h%   Jléthoughttlwrne gentleman
