1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
888
The CHAIR stated would be on the passage
of the bill.                                                             |
Mr. MERCER then appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair, and contended that the main,
question was on the commitment of the bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT made a few remarks in reply
to Mr. Mercer, and in favor of the decision of
the Chair, urging that the rules and the invariable
practice of the House were against the ground
assumed by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MERCER then withdrew his appeal, stat-
ing that he was satisfied he was correct in his
views on this subject.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL, on leave, submitted a res-
olution, instructing the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to inquire whether the decisions of the
Supreme Court are reported with accuracy ana
fidelity; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlprü 22,1836.
The CHAIR communicated a letter from the
War Department, transmitting a report from the |
engineer department, in answer to the resolution ,
of the Senate of the 19th instant, inquiring the .
maximum amount that can be profitably expended I
annually on fortifications; which was read; and    :
On motion of Mr. BENTON, it was referred ]
to the Committee on MilitaryAffairs, and ordered
to be printed.                                                        I
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of Joseph i
da la Francia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.                                                 I
Mr. NILE3 presented the memorial of the
trastees of the Wesley an University of the State
of Connecticut, praying that a portion of the pub-
lic domain may be appropriated to the endow-
ment of every incorporated college in the United
States, and that this institution may receive a just
proportion; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.                                                 i
Mr. SHEPLEY presented the resolution  of ;
the Legislature of Maine, instructing their Sen- !
ators and requesting their Representatives to use
their exertions to procure an amendment to the |
Constitution of the United States, so as to prevent '
any future election, by the House of Representa-
tives, of the President, and by the Senate, of the
Vice President.
Mr. SHEPLEY also presented resolutions of
the same Legislature, instructing their Senators
and requesting their Representatives in Congress
to use their exertions to procure adequate appro-
priations for fortifications for the defense of the
coast of Maine.
THAITEFÜI. RAJTDALL.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the bin from the
House for the relief of Thankful Randall, reported
the same without amendment, and stated that the
committee recommended its rejection.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day;
Roo/mí, That fto* tai after the------day of------,
M th« year 1838, nothing bat goM and silver com ought to he
moored ia payment for poblte land ; and OtM the Com-
mittee <u the Public Lands be instructed to report a bill
WIDOWS O  COLONELS BOND AND DOUGLAS .
The bill for the relief of the legal represente 
ti*** of the widows of Colonel William Bond and
Colonel William Douglass, of the revolutionary
army, deceased, came up on its third reading;
when
Mr. HILL said that most questions having á
direct political bearing produced in this body
long ami animated discussions. Subjects having
no connection with the proper business of legis-
lation, agitating subjects, are here introduced,
and debated for weeks. Yet, when bills are pro-
posed, taking from the Treasury thousands, tens,
and even hundreds of thousands, for the benefit
of individuals, there seems to be a perfect lassi-
tude.an almost entire indifference.   The debating
gentlemen who speak to the galleries are still on
these occasions; and who else than those who
can secure the applause of the galleries will feel
free to discuss questions on this floor? It is a
most unwelcome task to oppose claims, even the
claims that have not a scintilla of foundation, on
the floor of Congress. To be popular in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, no man in Congress can be
permitted to raise his voice against claimants
who come here and make it the interest of those
who reside here to help them through.
There are hundreds of claims in bills before
Congress that ought not to be allowed; yet how
few of these, when they come to be passed on,
are even understood by a majority of those who
pass on them! If the allowance of these claims
went for the benefit of the persons in whose favor
they purport to be, the injustice to the public, who
pay them, would not be so flagrant. They gen-
erally go for the benefit of speculators, who
purchase them for a trifle, or else cheat the nom-
inal claimant of the wholeamount. I am informed
that a sub-clerk, in another part of this Capitol,
is now, and has been, extensively concerned in
these claims; that his practice has been to hunt
up, from the files of Congress, old claims that
have, many years since, been decided against or
laid aside as hopeless; and, in the recess, to take
journeys in different parts of the country and
seek for powers of attorney to prosecute them
before Congress. His charge for services, when
he cannot buy the claim for a trifle, is never
below twenty-five per cent, of the whole amount
recovered. His situation as a sub-clerk enables
him to place his claims in the most favorable
position. I have seen, while on the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, elaborate statements
and reports in favor of the claims, setting forth
in the most glowing colors the services or the suf-
ferings of the persons in whose names the claim
is preferred, which statements and reports having
very little evidence to sustain them, were in the
handwriting of the clerk, and evidently drawn
up, not by the committee, but by him, who was
interested in prosecuting them. I will confess
that, when I first discovered.the practices in rela-
tion to claims prosecuted here, it was not without
surprise; but an experience-of five years in Con-
gress has taught me to be no longer surprised at
anything which is occurring. The management
of the claim-prosecutors—of those, 1 mean, who
have long successfully carried on the business-
is most adroit. They press nothing hard till near
the close of the session; and when this period
arrives, when there is not time left to discuss or
inquire into anything, and when the bars and
gates are for the moment left open, the claims
pass through both Houses of Congress in
floods.
The two bills, having relation to what is called
the commutation claims of the Revolution, which
were ordered to a third reading on Thursday,
and one of which has just now been read, if
passed, will establish precedents whieh will throw
a burden on the Treasury of at least ten times
the amount of all the surplus now in the Treas-
ury. It seems strange to me that generally those
gentlemen most anxious to dissipate at a,«¡ogle
blow twenty-seven millions of money now in
the Treasury, by a distribution among the States,
should almost always be on the side of claims
presented here. If the minority shall have a di-
rect interest to throw the Administration into a
state of embarrassment by voting more money to
be expended than the Treasury possesses, the
majority must have an interest to prevent that
state of things.
One of the two commutation «hums allows
commutation to a surgeon's mate of the revolu-
tionary army. Over and over again has it been,
decided that surgeons' mates were not included
in any resolution of the old Congress granting
commutation. I was not a little surprised to hear
it announced by the Senator from Virginia {Mr.
Leigh] that the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims are now -unanimous in favor of allowing
commutation to surgeons'mates; and the reason
offered by the Senator for making this allowance
was most singular. Other officers, less exposed
than surgeons' mates, being expressly named in
the resolutions, were allowed commutation; there-
fore surgeons' mates ought to be allowed commu-
tation. This might have been a geed t
for the foundation of a bargain to be'made vim
surgeons' mates at the time the service was per-
formed; but it seems to be too late for the United
States to volunteer such an argument as this for
the purpose of getting hd of some of its surplus
funds fifty rears after the account for service has
been settled and paid. Were not the soldiers of
the Revolution as much exposed in the service as
the officers ? And if the argument of exposure be
a good one as applied to the surgeons' mates,
will it not be equally legitimate as applied to the
poor soldiers? Are they not equally entitled to
commutation pay r The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. SHErLET,] of those who were disposed to
go to the bottom in investigating these commu-
tation claims, is yet left on the Committee of Rev
olutionary Claims; is it possible that he makes
one of the committee which now unites in this
after legislation in favor of surgeons' mate ? If
so, I can only say—" Ephraim is joined to his
idols—let him alone."
The other commutation claim is for interest
on a former allowance to the heirs of two revolu-
, tionary officers by the names of Bond and
Douglass, who died while in commission, and
one of them, I believe, before he had entered the
service. This is one of the numerous cases
hunted out of the files of Congress by the indi-
vidual to whom I have alluded, and in which a
''former clerk of the House of Representatives
appeared as the agent. When the first allowance
was made, the name of another officer (Holmes)
was included in the allowance of commutation:
that name was stricken out of the bill, because, by
die merest chance  it was found that the commu-
tation had been paid. The state of the case was
this: It was found that a few officers, having color
of claim to commutation pay, were not included
in the resolutions; and their case was brought
before Congress for special allowance. A bill
was reported, and, after a long discussion, the
names of Bond, Douglass, and Holmes were
! stricken out, as not coming within the spirit of
the resolutions, while others were retained.
These old proceedings on the files rested for soma
forty years. The heirs of the deceased officers
would probably never have thought of applying
for commutation, had not the eases been hunted
out of the files by persons in the employ of Con-
gress. After some discussion, a majority of the
, committee of the Senate took a different view of
the evidence from that previously taken by Con*
grass, and agreed to report the bill, limply allow-
ing commutation without interest, which passed.
Having thus succeeded in procuring the principal
of what might always be considered a doubtful
claim, the agents now follow up with the claim
for interest, amounting to two or three times as
much as the original commutation—probably
from ten to twenty thousand dollars in each case.
If interest shall now be allowed on this claim,
there is no claim whieh has ever been presented
and allowed which cannot claim interest; and
hundreds of millions of money will be still due
to those who have been liberally paid by the
Government for the services they have rendered*
It is worthy of remark, that these claims for
commutation, which come in upon us as a flood,
had quietly rested for nearly half a century, and
were never thought of until the pension law of
1828 bad passed. It is a fact, that not only the
officers and their heirs who were entitled te com-
mutation, and bad received it, but such as ♦ere
not entitled to it, and never expected it, in differ-
ent sections of the country, have been written to
by persons offeriag to act as agents to prosecute
and recover their claims. The Senator from Vir*
ginia, [Mr. Ttlek,] who has recently resigned
Bis seat, had presented many petitions for com-
mutation during the present session, some of which
I know had been repeatedly decided against by
former committees of the Senate. I know not
whether these petitions have or have not been
disposed of by the committee. Since the immense
grant  of land scrip that have passed to Virginia
officers, there seems to be a general idea that every
officer who has obtained the land ia entitled to
commutation also? and it would see  a* if every
man, woman, and child in Virginia* witi  ««a
male «asestes <whetler Whig or Tory) living m
the time of «h* Rwolmtion, would suppose that
