386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
restrained but by a powerful force. The very ¡
cu cumstnnce of so many Indians being thrown
to^eili-1, t'u ii known disuisiuon to violence and
w ji , ai  ays seeking occasion of hostility without
adi quite c'ause, and othei circumstances he need
not pai ticularly advci t to then, justified an appre-
hension,rather than anticipation, that aggressions '
might be committed, and cause of war might arise.
Tlie object of this bill was to organize an efficient
force, which would act as a protection to our
western fiontier, and be more effective than any |
militia force that could be brought out. He i
therefore sincerely trusted that the bill would
pass; but he hoped they would not involve in its
consideiation any of those extremely delicate ques-
tions connected with our foreign affairs. 1 hey
owed obligations under the stipulations of solemn
treaties; and in conformity with the long-estab-
lished usage of this Government, he hoped they
would be maintained, on their pait, with sacred
and inviolable fidelity. He hoped they would
not permit themselves to be led away by their
feelings or sympathies, to take any step which
might, in any way, interfere with the obligations
of those treaties.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, was op-
posed to an increase of the army; nevertheless, he
felt constrained, by the highest considerations of
duty,  o support a measure for the protection of
our frontier.  He believed there were causes now
at work which would make it necessary to pre-
pare for an Indian war on the western frontier,
of an extent and ferocity which had never been
•witnessed.    In the early part of the session he
had voted for a suspension of the rules for the
purpose of allowing a proposition to be mtio-
duced for raising another regiment of mounted
men for the protection of the frontier.    He be-
lieved that a regiment of a thousand such men as
could be raised in the West would ha\e put an
end to the war in Florida in one month.    The
western people were  unquestionably the  best
marksmen in the world; they shoot with a deadly
aun, and are almost born on horseback and with
gun in hand-, and he felt confident, if that gallant
officer, Colonel Dodge, had been sent to Florida
with a regiment of such men, that, ere this, he
would have given a receipt in full for every man
there.   The Indians were not to be conquered by
the slow movements of infantry, or by the usual
modes of warfare.   Look at what had oc uned
in Florida.    Men were taken into the service for
three months; many of them were collected from
South Carolina and Georgia;  and before they
could reach the field of action a month of that
time must elapse, leaving but two months for
service. Whenever the Indians were commanded j
by men of talents, (as everyone must now admit
they were so commanded in Florida,) every order
for disbanding your army would be an order for
the assembling of the  Indian  enemy.    Then,
whenever a war broke out with  the Indians,
Tennessee and Kentucky were the places to find
the men to put it down, and put it down effect-
ually.    If the war in Florida should be termin-
ated by a treaty, and those Indians be removed
to the West flushed with victory, and having the
utmost confidence in their leader, Osceola, and,
connected with  powerful   tubes  already  there,
they would scarcely sit quietly down, or even be
kept down, by one thousand of the most distin-
guished wainors of the West.    He conceived it
to be the duty of Congress to grant this to pre-
vent the shedding of blood; and an Indian war,
Í>roperly managed,  he  contended ought not to
ast more than a month.   As to the invasion
spoken of, he thought no sensible man would
entertain such an idea for a moment; and as to
that fellow, Santa Anna, if the House and the
Government were of the same opinion Mr. T.
was, they would cut off all diplomatic intercourse
with such a wretch.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained. He did not
say there was any fear of an invasion by a Mexi-
can army; what he said was, that the Mexicans
might reach our frontier, and that circumstance
might be the cause of stirring up the Indians to
hostilities against the United States.
Mr. THOMPSON would give the bill his warm
support, if it was amended s>o as not to call the
troops into service unless in case of an actual In-
dian war, or good reason to apprehend such war.
He considered five thousand men sufficient, and
six months long enough p nod of time.
Mr. II VRR1S0N said  it wa~. the pait of wis-
dom to prepnefoi aaifliculty with those western
Indians while they could do so, and cndifuoi to
airest it.    Heietoforc the Iud'ans had been dis-
persed  throughout  the different western States;
and, in case of difficulty with  them, they were
not able to bring such a formidable force into the
field, and were put down by merely calling out
the militia.    Their situation, however, was now
different; they were concentrated upon the west-
ern frontier of the country, and could now accom-
plish what they never before could accomplish.
He was in favor of receiving those men for six
months, because, by so doing, you were able to
get the best men; and if you took men for a long
period of service, you necessarily got the dregs
of society and men of very little use in that kind
of service.   The Indians on the western frontier,
agreeable to a report from the War Department,
amounted to upwards of one hundred and fifty
thousand souls; and  it was generally believed
they could bring from thirty to foity thousand
warriors into the field, which, at any time of dis-
turbance, might maich into Missouiiand Arkan-
sas, and drive them and their wives and childien
fiom their homes.    It was well known that reg-
ular troops were of veiy little service to chastise
those Indians, if a war should break out.    The
history of the western country, fiom the defeat
of Braddoek down to the present time, would
show the truth of this; and the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] was correct in
saying that the western mounted men were the
most efficient force that could be brought against
them.    Men, to fight these  Indians with advan-
tage, must be men who have been accustomed to
arms, and accustomed to the woods.    He con-
sidered it was best to have a good and sufficient
force to put down the war ot once if one should
break out. and therefore hoped the bill would pass.
The hour of one having arrived, the committee,
pursuant to the order of the House, rose and re-
I ported pi ogress.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to suspend the rule for
this day for the purpose of proceeding with the
consideration of the bill authorizing the President
to accept the service of volunteers, and the bill
for the better protection of the western frontier;
which was agreed to—ayes 110, noes 40.
The House again went into committee, (Mr.
Muhlenberg in the chair.) The former bill was
again taken up.
The amendment of Mr. McKat was agreed
to as modified.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Ashley, winch proposed to raise an addi-
tional regiment of dragoons.
Mr. ASHLEY said infantry were of little use
to put into the woods against Indians, but they
were serviceable, and were necessary to occupy
the posts; and, in case of a war, to fall back and
protect the frontier. The war in Florida showed
the truth of this assertion. Mounted men were
the only kind of troops to put into the field against
the Indians; but it must not be supposed that one
little regiment, however brave and skillful they
might be,could protect thefrontierextending from
the lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. In Florida a
few hundred Indians kept an army engaged there,
of some two or three thousand; then, that being
the case, he asked how many it would take to
keep at bay, on the western frontiers, fifteen or
twenty thousand warriois? The Government was
bound, he said, to keep a force among them to
keep them from committing depredations upon
each other, and upon the frontier inhabitants.
He advocated his amendment at some length, and
urged the speedy passage of the bill.
Mr. GRANGER rose to give his assent to the
general purposes of the bill, but particularly to
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
He remembered, when the question of removing
those Indiarrs from the abodes and sepulchres of
their fathers was first raised, an argument in its
favor, and one that had recommended itself to
him with more force than any other, was the fact
that they would be removed from the vices which
civilization threw around them; that they would
be taken to a country where broad hunting grounds
would be secured to them; and that there they
would follow the chase as they had bei n accus-
tomed to do in the land of their fatheis. He
rem< mbered, too, that those who then \n wed the
subject moie calmly, and, as it would set m, more
wisely, prophesied what had since happened.
But he considered there was but little to fear
No man had higher confidence in tlu aimed fiee-
men of the United States than he had when called
into action; but he did not consider that the
manner in which the war was carried on in
Florida had been the best for putting it down.
The Indian cared nothing about honorable war-
fare, because he had been taught from his youth
to take advantage. He would, in fact, possess
himself of your camp before you had moved
from it ten miles. One word in relation to what
had been said by his colleague, [Mr. Cambre-
llng.] It seemed that a war panic must be kept
up somewheie, and he supposed an army would
next be raised to protect us from the invasion of
Santa Anna.
Mr. CAMBRELENG observed that he had
said nothing about invasion by Santa Anna.
What he had said was, that in the case of Santa
Anna coming to our frontier, it might stir up
the Indians to commit depredations.
Mr. GRANGER regretted that his colleague
should have connected Santa Anna's name even
with our frontier Indians. He said, if his blood-
stained flag should ever be brought so near our
territory that its folds could be seen, the valley
of the Mississippi and Ohio, and the whole west-
ern countiy, would be poured upon that fiontier;
and his colleague, as well as himself, well knew
that when the hunters of Kentucky and the Ten-
nessee riflemen were in the field, the enemy had
better look out.
Mr. RIPLEY addressed the House at some
length in reference to the exposed state of the
spaisely-settled population on the western and
southwestern frontier, the formidable and power-
ful tribe of Indians residing contiguous to those
frontiers, and the importance and necessity of
providing for the permanent defense, which he
contended could be best done by adopting the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mi. Ashley,] providing for raising an additional
regiment of dragoons, which was almost the only
description of troops that could contend efficiently
and with success against the Indians.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, hoped the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri would pre-
vail. It was substantially the same as Mr. W.
himself had proposed to another bill some eight
or nine weeks ago, and which, if adopted then,
would have saved the Government at least half a
million of dollars. He then entered into a de-
scription of the campaign in Florida and the pies-
ent situation of the country there. In á very
short time General Scott would be compelled to
disband neaily his whole force, and the country
would be left to the mercy of the savage the
whole summer. Even with reference to the ex-
isting circumstances in Florida alone, the amend-
ment ought to prevail; and he recommended the
honorable mover to use the words " dragoons or
mounted riflemen."
Mr. MANN, of New York, expressed his
surprise that this bill should be embarrassed by
gentlemen coming from the quarter Of the coun-
try most interested in it, with propositions which
he conceived to be highly objectionable; such as
the one pending to incorporate a new force in
the regular Army of the United States; in other
words, to increase the standing Army upon mere
surmise. He had recently received a lengthy
communication from a distinguished officer now
stationed on the western frontier, (ColonelTaylor,)
which stated that there was no apprehension of
hostilities on the part of the Indians, nor had
there been the slightest manifestation of dissatis-
faction exhibited by them. Mr. M. strongly
opposed the amendment. In the first place, there
was no evidence that any additional force was
required; and secondly, they had no experience
as yet that the proposed force would be more
effective than those already existing. On the
contrary, it was a well-established military fact,
that cavalry were at least more expensive, if not
less effective, in an enemy's country, from the
necessity of collecting forage, and the difficulty
of procuring it.
