1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
Mr. GLASCOCK was in favor of the forma-
tion of such a corps as that proposed in the
amendment. He remarked, that official advices
h.id been received, that serious apprehensions
were entertained from the Creek Indians on the
borders of Georgia and Alabama, and the effect
of this amendment, if adopted, would go far to
secure the peace und tranquillity of that quarter.
Had such a force been stationed in Florida be-
fore the wur, all the depredations am} slaughter
which had visited that Territory would have
been prevented,and the Seminólos would have
been as jeaceable as the Indinos in the North-
west. He was confident that, if a cavalry force
was raised and properly stationed, nothing would
ever again be heard oí Indian aggressions. He
would not take the expenses into" consideration,
for it would be a reflection upon our national
character. Mr. G. then adverted to the Florida
«rar, where, from the peculiar nature of the coun-
try, cavalry could not be so effective as infantry;
but this was not the case on the western prairies.
r^i« object was to have a force of mounted in-
fantry, thereby partaking of both characters,
with the advantages of each.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied to Mr. Mash, and
supported the amendment He referred to the
great efficiency of mounted men in the Black Hawk
war, in the campaigns on the Wabash, before and
after the battle of Tippecanoe, in the last war on
t.ie northwestern frontier, and in the campaign of
Colonel Dodge. He referred to advices he had
received of the temper of the Indians at present
on the western and northwestern frontier, from
whom apprehensions were justly entertained.
Mr. H. adverted to the fact that the Indians them-
selves used horses in their excursions, being
always well mounted, and that the prairies fur-
nished ample forage for their sustenance, aa also
for the subsistence of our own horses. Aa Texas
had been alluded to by several gentlemen, and
the possibility of Santa, Anna's approach to our
frontier suggested, he would only speak as one,
that for himself, were the powers and resources
of the American, Government at this moment
under his control, he would lend them all, and
with all the energy ever given by men tn any
cause, to aid in inflicting deserved punishment
apon the monsters who, at San Antonio awietse-
where, had offered an insult to every civilised
nation of the earth by their brutal atrocities. He
would never pause, never hesitate, never falter,
until every miscreant who had stood beneath the
wavings of the bloody flag had found beneath the
soil of Texas a bloody grave—never till Texas
was free.
Mr. G1LLET moved to insert the following
words in the amendment: " if the President shall
hereafter deem such regiment necessary;" which
Mr. ASHLEY accepted it.as a modification.
Mr. GlLjjET was convinced the additional
force for the western frontier should be provided
for. If they were not wanted they would, not be
raised, as the amendment was  modified; but if
they should omit to pass this bill, and hostilities
should break out when the time had passed to
provide the means of repelling them,.their con-
stituents would justly hold them responsible for
the consequences. He contended that a cavalry
force was the most efficient that could be employed
against the Indians in the open prairie region of
the West. He admitted that it was more costly,
but that would not weigh anything with him.
He should vote for putting that frontier in such a
state of defense as would be satisfactory to the
people who resided there.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,also supported
the amendment and the bill; and he stated that
the people of the western part of LwHmana were
very much alarmed, and they were in daily ap-
prehension of hostilities from the Indians.
Mr. VANDERPOEL briefly replied to Mr.
Maw, and made a few remarks in support of the
amendment. It seemed that all concurred, that
a mounted force was the best that could be em-
ployed; and the only question was, whether they
should wait till the moment had arrived for their
employment? He was disposed at onee to make
the provision, and should not envy the responsi-
bility of his colleague if they neglected to do it,
suffered the war to break out, and the country to
be ravaged before it could be prevented.   He
should, however, have preferred the amendment l|
without the modification of his colleague, [Mr.
GlLLET.]
Mr. ASHLEY then withdrew his acceptance
of Mr. Gillbt's modification, and accepted that
of Mr. WniTK, of Florida, to insert the words,
" or mounted riflemen."
Mr. MANN, of New York, said a few words
in rejoinder to the gentleman who .had replied to '
him.    He was not opposed to the bill, but he
could not bring himself to concur in the expedi-
ency of raising all ut once so large a body of j
cavalry as ten thousand men. He was in favor of
limitation, and not to the utmost extent they !
could go, especially without any information
having been furnished to prove its necessity.
.     Mr. EVERETT said he had been misunder-1
stood on yesterday.   He was in  favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-;
Una, [Mr. McKat,] but it did not go far enough
to remove his objections to the first section of the i
bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, cited the
report of the Secretary of War, giving a tabular 1
t statement of the number of warriors of the va- ,
I rious tribes of Indians on the frontiers.
Mr. HOAR thought at least the opinion of the
| Military Committee should be given thereon be- ■
| fore they were required to vote on a proposition .
i of so important a character as this.                      i
Mr. THOMPSON cited a passage from the an-
nual report of the Secretary of War, recommend- .
ing a similar provision.                                        i
Mr. HOAR still thought the subject should
have been considered by the Military Committee,!
and they ought to have the result of their delib-|
erations.    Until that was done, and it came nee-
ommended from  that committee, he could not
consent to vote for it.                                           !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, explained the ,
eou-se that had been taken on the proposition in the
Military Committee, who had postponed it, and '
brought up the single proposition to authorize the j
President of the United States to receive volun-.,
teers, instead of drafting the militia.    He should
himself vote for the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri.                                                    r
Mr. ADAMJkwa  oppased to the introduction >
¡ of Mr. Amuses proposition in this bill,.as it i.
, was incongruous, and the bill and amendment!
, were inconsistent with each other. He should ;
vote for the bill, and would also for tíjg gentle- •
man's proposition, if he would bring it forward .
separately; but the principles embraced in the I
one and in the other were totally separate and .
, distinct.   Mr. A. also wished that some specific
sum should be appropriated to carry the provis-
ions of the bill into effect; for, otherwise, it was
placing the whole Treasury at the disposition of ,
the President.
Mr. BOND said there was no necessity for the ,
amendment, inasmuch as the first section of the -
bill already provided for " mounted troops."
Mr.   WILLIAMS,   of North   Carolina, re- ¡
marked that it was evident they would not get
through the bill that day, and he therefore moved
that the committee rise.    Lost.                            :
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
ASHLEY, WHITE of Florida, and McKEON, ,
in support of the amendment; and it was then
adopted—ayes 96, noes 40.                                   '
Mr. HARDIN moved to amend the first sec-
tion by adding the following:                                i
"Isthe ssbm maaner as tb« militia of the stveratStatcs '
and Territories are now appointed sad «omausaiowed, and
aa militia, asid mounted men, wben u> acrvica, shall be '
considered."                                                                             \
Agreed to.                                                        j
Mr. ADAMS moved to insert a specific «ppflo- ¡,
priation of #300,000 for the pay of the troops to '
be employed under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. McKAY contended there was bo necessity .
for a specific appropriation, because the number -
of men was provided for, and their pay was reg-
ulated by the bill.                                                 ¡
Mr. ADAMS could not subscribe to that doc- ■
trine. He thought they might as well throw out ,
all the specific clauses in the civil list bill, and .
make a general enactment for so much as was
required for that branch of the service, a* leave
this bill without specifying the precise sum to be j
expended in the object of it.                                  1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, was willing to
accept the amendment.
The motion was then agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS moved a proviso to the bill, that
nothing therein contained should be so construed
as to deprive the persons so called into the. service
of the United States of any privilege belonging
to the militia, when called into the service of the
Government; which was agreed to.
Mr WHITTLESEY moved to strike out the
fourth section providing for the payment «f horses
lost in the service; which was agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT moved to limit the term of
service from twelve months to "six or" twelve
months; Which was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside; and the committee
took up the bill to provide for the better protec-
tion of the western frontier.
Mr. SEVIER proposed an amendment to the
bill, pending which the committee rose and re-
ported the first bill and amendments; and on the
tatter asked leave to sit again.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 23, 1836.
Mr. LINN, who had been absent from his seat
for some days in consequence of the indisposition
of himself and family, attended.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to create $tOO,000,08Ü of five per cent, stock,
to be divided among the States-and Territories,
and District of Columbia, and pledge the public
landa for its redemntion; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EWfNG, of Ohio, presented several me-
morials, praying for a donation of t\ portion of
the public lands in aid of-the construction Of (he
Zanesville and Maysville road; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, moved that the Committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of the-Wesleyan University of Connec-
ticut; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEIGH presented the petitions of the heirs
of Jehn McKinley and John Judge; which were
referred to the> Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. SOUTHARD- presented the proceedings
«fa meeting *f a number of officers of the Navy,
on the subjeet of a naval academy; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. S. siso presented the petition of the trus-
tees of the College of New Jersey, praying for a
donation of public lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TIPTON presented the memorial of the
General Assembly of Indiana, praying Congress
to take measures for the extinguishment of the
Indian titles to lands in that State, and for the
removal of the Pottawatomie and Miami Indians;
also praying for the establishment of a post route
from Strawtown, via Camden, to Detph i, and from
Peru, via Good Hope, to Lima; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and to
the Committee on the Pest Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported the bill for the rehef,,pf
Antoine Peltier, without amendment; and reported
a bill for the relief of Pierre Menard and. Joseph
Bogy; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.                                                       *
Mr. DAVISr from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
the improvement of eertaia harbors  and for
making certain surveys; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LEIGH,from the Committee on thqJudi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of the exec-
utoss of David Caldwell; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mi. TIPTON submitted the folio-wing resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day: .
I    Reioleed, That the Committee on the Vo* Office a"< 
I Feat Bombike lastructed to-nMWfte ta «* ^*'tí,.c"7, „
a peat rows from  B wtowa,vk Cearten.to Oelptn. Also,
