189a                               THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  389
steady stream of gold and silver in its placa. It
would give them a hard-money currency, and
especially a share of the gold currency; for every
emigrant could then carry gold to the country.
Upon the settler and cultivator, who wished to
purchase land, its effect would be peculiarly
advantageous. He would be relieved from the
competition of speculators; he would not have to
contend with those who received undue accom-
modations at banks, and came to the land offices
loaded with bank notes which they have bor-
rowed upon ewndiiion of carrying; t bera far away,
and turning them loose where many would be
lost, and never get back to the bank that issued
them. All these and many other good effects
would thus be produced, and no hardship or evil
of any kind could accrue; fot the settler and cul-
tivator who wishes to buy land for use, or for a
settlement for his children, or to increase his farm,
would have no difficulty in getting hard money
to make the purchase. He has no undue accom-
modations from banks. He has no paper but
what is good; such a> he can readily convert into
specie. To ban the exaction of specie payment
from all purchasers would be a rule of equality,
which would enable him to purchase what he
needs without competition with fictitiousand bor-
rowed capital.
Mr. B. considered that the return to hard money
for the payment of the public lands was the only
thing that could give permanency, uniformity, {
and equality, to what is called land-office money.
It was of the greatest moment to the people of
the new Sutes that they should know what was,
and what waa not, receivable for public lands;
and that what was once fixed, should remain
stable. They were subject to too many looses
and impositions from instability ia the receiv-
ability of different kinds of paper. They never
knew anything about changes until they are made.
When a citizen, with much trouble, has collected
what is land-office money to-day, he may find
to-morrow that it is changed; or, at the moment
of carrying it to the 1  id office, he may find it
rejected, and Mmselfigtbrowa upon the tender
mercies of a shaver to procure, at a new sacrifice,
what the receiver can accept. Since the adoption
of the amendment which he had the honor to offer,
restricting the use of paper in paymeau from the
Government, it followed, as a necessary conse-
quence, that there most be corresponding restric-
tions upon the receipt of it. That amendment
made four important improvements in the Federal
use of paper money:
1.  In prohibiting, forthwith, the use of notes of
less than ten dollars in ail payments from the
Federal Government or the Post Office;
2.  In prohibiting the use of notes of less than
twenty dollars in such paymeau, from the 3d of ,
March next;                                                        j
3.  in prohibiting the use, in like payments, of ,
all note* whatever which ware issued at one .püce
and made payable at another;                              j
4.  In prohibiting the as* of all notes, in such
payments, which were not equivalent to specie at!
the place where offered in payment, and convert- '
ible into gold or silver on the spot, at the will of
the holder, and without loss or delay to him.       ,
Under these enactments, Mr  B. considered the
Federal Government and the Post Office as vir-
tually confined to specie payments. They will
have, than, to esnfiue themselves to specie re-
ceipts. Whether Congressmade a farther enact-
ment or not, the Treasury and the Postmaster
General would have to impose restrictions upon
the receipt of paper corresponding with the restric-
tions upon the payments in it. He (Mr. B.) was
certain that the payments upon the western
frontier must be mads in specie. There was not
a bank note in the United States which could be
oneced, in the West* there was not one which ,
would come under the restrictions which the en-
actment imposed. The effect of the enactment
was, to prevent bank notes from being offered in
payment, except at the place where the bank was
situated which had issued it. Such was the effect
of the enactment, and such was its intention; for
it was intended to lay the foundation for com- j
ptetely breaking up paper money as a national'
currency—for completely cutting off paper from
the Federal Government—for completely return- i
ing to the «uoency «f the Constitution for the
Federal Government—in a word, for reésUb-
I lishing the gold currency;—which never could be
done if the Federal Government continued  to
1 receive and pay out paper money.
Mr. B. considered the proposition which he
had made as another step towards the consum-
mation of the great object of securing to the peo-
ple a specie currency. It would effectually ac-
complish that purpose for the new States, and
the extension of the same provision to the cus-
tom-houses and post offices would secure a specie
currency to the old Sutes. Whether his propo-
sition became law or not, it must take effect. The
Secretary of the Treasury would have to do by
regulation what he proposed that Congress should
do by law. The obligation to pay out in hard
money involves the necessity to receive ia hard
money; and he waa only anxious about his prop-
osition as he preferred stability to change, legis-
lation to regulation, and the will of Congress to
the will of the deposit banks or of a Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. WEBSTER said that he did not know
that there were any reasons rendering it incum-
bent on him, or those members of the Senate with
I whom he acted, to take any course with regard
to this resolution, other than to sit still and sup-
press their surprise and astonishment as well as
they could, and to let those schemes and projects
take their fate in the form of such laws as their
projectors proposed. We are powerless (said he)
andean do nothing. Those schemes, one and
all, affecting the national currency, we hare re-
sisted since 1832, and thus far resisted without
effect. We strove (said he) for the recharter of
the national bank as the only means of preserving
a safe currency; we struggled against the. removal
of the public deposits, believing it to be a direct
usurpation of power. We strove against the ex-
periment, and have striven and struggled in vain;
and who will now (continued Mr. W.) look with
the perception of an intelligent and the candor
of an honest man on, the present state of the cur-
rency and finances, and say that the prominent
evils which affected both had not flowed from
these aets which we opposed, and vainly opposed?
What were those evils that distressed the country
in its financial concerns, now admitted by every
i body to exist? What were they? The public
1 money was not safe; it was under the protection
of no law, and the Treasury was overflowing.
There was more money than was needed, and
the currency was now unsound. Now, what did ,
these evils result from—the two evils, the insecu- ¡
rity of the public treasure, and its abundance ? It
was to be traced directly to those two great ex- ¡
pcriments, the veto of the bank bill with the re-
| mo val of the public deposits, and the veto of the
: land bill. Nobody doubted it; for it was certain
that if the public money had remained in the
Bank of the United States, it would have been
safe.                                                                     !
It was the veto of 1832, which, breaking down
the Bank of the United Sutes, removed a salu- ,
Ury control over the currency, and permitted the i
creation of so many Sute banks, whose issues, !
not being restrained, were extended far beyond ¡
the wanti of the country, and were therefore .
unsound.   That was one of the products of the j
veto.   What was the other?   The veto of the i
land bill of 1833, which, preventing a necessary
and equal distribution of this surplus fund, not
wanted for the ordinary expenses of the country,
had caused an overflowing Treasury.   That was
another of the product* of the veto power.  Both,
of these great evils would have been prevented,
if the wisdom of Congress had been suffered to
go into effect.   They passed the bank charter,
and it was vetoed; and they passed the land bul,
which was also vetoed.   Now, these extraordi-
nary exertions of prerogative, the exercise of
the negative power on these two occasions, had
produced the evils which were now so sensibly
felt by all.   As applied to the bill rechartering
the bank, it had produced the insecurity of the
public treasure; and as applied to the land bill
it had produced a superabundance of money net
wanteq.   Sir, (said Mr. W.,) the country is the„
victim of schemes; we are wiser than those who,,
have gone before us; experience is not enough to |
convict us; we are not willing to let well alone, j
Th« experience of forty years was not enoughio
settle the question whether, a national bank was
I constitutional or not. Whatsover extraordinary
powers may have been claimed forthe Executive,
there had been a constant tendency to deny, or
curtail and take from, the powers of Congress.
The bank charter was negatived, because Con-
gress had no constitutional power to grant it;
and though Congress had not the power to make
a bank, the Executive liad the power to make
many banks. There was not a more palpable
evidence of a consunt bias of this Government
toa wrong tendency, than this denial of power
to Congress, and assumption of power ta the
Executive. The restriction of the powerof Con-
gress necessarily tended to the increase of the
power of the Executive. Was it not constitu-
tional doubts of the powers of Congress that
caused the breaking up of the bank, and the
giving of uncontrolled power, in relation to the
finances, to the Executive ? Was it not consti-
tutional doubts as to the power of Congress to
pass the land bill, that produced this accumula-
tion of money ia the Treasury ? In the whole
history of this Administration, doctrines had pre-
vailed tending to detract from the settled, all-per-
vading, long-practiced powers of Congress, and
to give, hand in hand, everything over to the
control of the Executive. In every case—in the
case, of the bank bill, the land bill, and the bill
for internal improvements—the establishment of
these doctrines was to give themselves, without
restraint, into the hands of the Executive.
Gentlemen now talked of returning to a specie
basis. Did any man suppose that that was prac-
ticable ? The resolution before them contemplated
that, after this year, all the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands were to be in specie. Now,
if lie (Mr. W.) had brought forward this propo-
sition, he would have «been told that he was a
freat enemy to the settlement of the new Sutes.
t would have been said that the speculators could
carry gold to the new States both by sea and by
land, while the cultivator, who wished to purchase
a small farm, could not go to the largo cities to
get specie, but must pay the speculator his own
price for it. He should have been met with argu-
ments like this, had he brought forward such a
proposition. He should suppose that, to intro-
duce specie paymeau for the public dues, it would
produce- much less inconvenience to begin with
the customs, which were payable in the large
cities, where men could get specie much easier
than they could get it on the frontiers. But spec-
ulators or -settlers considered what was the use
of these specie payments. This specie was. to
be dragged over the mountains to be brought back
I again. The purchaser of land on the frontiers
would buy gold by bills on the eastern cities, and
it would go across the country in panniers or
wagons, and the land offices would send it back
again, thus creating the useless expense of trans-
fmrtation. He had, from the first to the last,
ooked upon all these notions of returning to a
hard currency as extremely idle. It was riot
suited to the practice of this, or any other nation.
It was not suited to the policy of these twenty-
four Sutes: and against that policy what had they
to offer ? The currency of this country was much
in the power of the great cities, and the great banks
of the great cities. He was as much opposed to
the increase of these great, institutions as any
man; but the evil had begun and would go on.
It was supposed that great danger, great hazards,
and great misfortunes,, had happened to the cur-
rency, and all this had taken place while the Con-
stitution gave to Congress the sole power over it.
Congress had the coining power, and the States
had not} and yet the Sutes had the power to issue
paper as asubstitute for coin, and Congress could
not prevent it. We (said Mr. W.) cannot issue
paper; we cannot make a bank, though the Con. 
stitutiongives us the sole power over the currency.
Did gentlemen ever see a more peculiar sute of
things than existed in ,tho country at this time—
a eountry more bountifully blest in all thing 
than any eountry on earth, prosperous bcyoxñd
example in all the pursuits of industry and enter-
prise.' And yet its finances wer* derangetji a grow-
ing want of confidence was felt in Us «¿eolation;
a&dr property; of every description was extrava-
gantW high. - But the ..experiment was to carry
all th safely through; and* waa predicted with
