um
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
exr^nserrf the Constitution, explain Ifcie point-'
The Executive is a coordinate branch of this Got- '
eminent, and in this respect is en an equality
with Congress. No power granted, or claimed
10 be granted,«an be exercised without the «on-
currence of the legislative and executive depart-
ments of the Government. If either refuse to act,
and deny or dooht the existence of the power, it
appeared to him that the necessary result was,
the nnn-user of the power; and if the power is
not exercised, or is denied to this Government,
it of course remains among the reserved power ,
and belongs to the States' or the people. The
action of Congress, by two thirds of both Houses,
would be an exception to the general principle
here laid down. It was a strange doctrine to
him, that the denial of any power to this Gov-
ernment by either of the three coordinate depart-
ments would operate to transfer that power to
either of the other branches of the Government.
He had supposed that directly the contrary was >
the result; that the exercise «fan y power required
the concurrence of the thrse coordinate branches;
and that the denial by one destroyed the power,
oral least prevented its exercise altogether, and
left it among the reserved powers in the Stales or
in the people. It is not the non-nser, but the
exercise of doubtful powers by Congress, with the
concurrence of the President, by which the sphere
of executive action and authority is enlarged.
Sir, (said Mr. N.,) the Senator tells as that the <
veto of the land bill has occasioned the present
surplus, and given the Executive the control over
it.   This amy be true; but does it prove that the
veto was wrongfully exercised ?   If that bill had
passed, and the money bad been distributed
among the States, it in very dear that it would
not now be in yourT-easury; but the great ques-
tion then was, and is now, pending befare Con-
gress, whether that was a constitutional, rightful,
and proper disposition of the revenue of the United
States—of the common fund of the people of the
United States? The President thought it was not;
and, as th* representative of the people in one
department of the Government, he exercised the '
power which the Constitution had conferred «pon i
him, in opposition to the will of a majority of both i
Houses of Congress. The President, as the Chief i
Executive Magistrate and the representative of I
the people, exercised a power which they had '
conferred upon him, to check what he regarded I
as an unconstitutional and dangerous exercise of >
power on the part of this Government.    He i
assumed a high responsibility, because he be-
lieved that the interests of his country required
it; he opposed himself to the majority of both
Houses of Congress; he looked beyond the rep-
resentatives of the people here; be looked to the
people themselves; he threw himself on public
opinion, and was triumphantly sustained.    He t.
assumed, it is true, a fearful responsibility; for
that law, more than any other that ever emanated <
from Congress, appealed directly to the interests, ' I
to all the passions calculated to warp and sway '
thejudgnteat. Upon iu very mce it was hule short
of a bribe to the people of all the States; but their
integrity, good sense, and sound judgment had
hitherto stood firm, erect an a tower of strength,
unreduced, uneorrapted; but how long thsy may i
be able to withstand the influence  of such a
measure remains to be known.                            •
8ir, (said Mr. N.,) I have great confidence in
the people-, and the longer f live, and the more I
become aequairned with puWieaffairs.the stronger
does thin confidence become; white my confidence
in the agents they are obliged to employ to exe-
cute public trusts is proportionally diminished.
He  spoke generally, without any reference to '
parties or individuals. The popular will, if we
look m its source, will always- be found honest
anttpure;bs,liketaestwomflowwgfroms-puTe !
fountain, which becomes turbid in its course, the
popular will, before it reaches the point te Become
consummated in action, in, in a greater or lens
degree, adulterated and corrupted. If the will df
the people «cold be earned out; if they could
speak for thetnsel«en from the plantations, farms,
and Workshops; if their voice could be heard and
heeded in the halts of legislation, whether here
at in the States, net only the Bank of the United
States, which the Senator fresa Massachusetts
> stül to ragardu so essential te the rmbtic
interesa, but all the State banks, and all other
corporations calculated to interrupt the natural
diffusion of wealth, and to concentrate it in the
hands of a few—all corporations, the object of
which is to advance the general interests of so-
ciety through the special interests of a few, which
confer power and wealth on the few as means of
benefiting the whole, should bo swept away as
with the besom of destruction.
The distribution bill belongs to this class of
measures. 11 proposes to divide among the States
the funds which belong to the people of the Union,
and which it is the duty of this Government to
apply to constitutional and proper objects, bene-
ficial to the whole country within the sphere of
our own action, and without stepping over those
limits presented to us. If this surplus be dan-
gerous and corrupting here, will it be less so in
the States? If there be a scramble for it here,
will there be less elsewhere ? But he would not
pursue this subject.
Mr. BENTON said he did not expect, when
he offered this resolution, that it would give rise
to any debate; and he had no intention, now, to
prolong the discussion. He was too well satis-
fied with the declaration of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that he would not oppose the reso-
lution, to reply to some other observations ho had
made.
He well remembered a proposition made by
that gentleman, which was much stronger than
the measure now contemplated, and which was
hailed with approbation throughout every por-
tion of the country. He was certainly too welf
satisfied with the declaration of the gentleman to
make any reply to his remarks. AU thai he would
now say would be comprehended in two words.
He wished to get back to the currency spoken of
in the act of 1789 for the Government—this was
the constitutional currency for the Government.
With that of the States he had nothing to do.
All his movements (Mr. B. said) tended to this
one point: to get back to a constitutional cur-
rency.____
Mr. WEBSTER «aid the gentleman from Mis-
souri had referred to the resolution of 1816; and
he would beg leave to make a brief explanation
in reference to the part he bore in it. The events
of the war had greatly deranged the currency of
the country, and a great pecuniary pressure wa 
felt from one end of the continent to the other.
The war took place in 1813, and not two months
of it had passed before there was a cessation of
specie payments by at least two thirds of all the
banks of the country. So strong was the pres-
sure, that, although the enemy blockaded the
Chesapeake, so that not a barrel of pork or flour
could be sent to market, yet the prices of these
articles rose fifty per cent. This state of things
continued; the collectors of the customs every
where received the notes of their own local banks
for duties payable at their own places, but would
not receive the bills of the banks of the other
cities. And what was the consequence ? Why,
at the close of the session of Congress, a mem-
ber, if he had been fortunate enough to preserve
any of his pay, had to give twenty-fire per cent,
to get the money received here exchanged for
money that he could carry home. Another effect
of this suite of the currency was this. The con-
stitution provided that, in the regulation of com-
merce or revenue, no preference should be given
to the ports of one State over those of another.
Yet Baltimore, for instance, which had the ex-
change against her, had an advantage, by the
payment of her duties in the bills of her hanks, '
and had the advantage of at least twenty-five
per cent, over some northern cities. The resolu-
tion then introduced by him was to provide that
the revenue should be equally paid: in nil parte of
the United Sates; and what was the effect of it ?
The bank bill had just paased; and die resolution
was, that all debts due the Government should
he paid in- the legal coin, in note* of, die Bank of
the United: States, or in notes of banks that paid
coin on demand. That was the operation of the
law of 1816, rendered absolutely necessary by
the existing state of tbk *j.                     - .  i
The gentleman from Connecticut inquired
whether the emission to ose the powers of Con-
gress necessarily increased that of the Executive?
He would put a poser to the gentleman.   The
President himself admitted that it wan the appro-
priate duty of Congress to take the pubUe treasure
into its hands and appoint agents to take care of
it. The gentleman himself must admit this, fur
he supposed that he did not go the lengths of the
Senator from Tennessee, in being willing that
things should remain as they are. Then, if it
was their duty to take care of the national treasure,
and they did not do it, it went into the hands
of the Executive. Was not the custody of the
national treasure, power? and if they neglected
to use tliia power, did they not augment the power
of the Executive ?
Nothing could be more appropriate for a his-
torian, than to review the doctrines which had
been advanced with regard to executive power,
and the means by which it was sought to inórense
it. The President himself first advanced the
doctrine, and it had been repeated tnere, that the
President of the United States was the sole rep-
resentative of the people, of the United States.
Did the Constitution make him so ? Did the Con-
stitution acknowledge any other representative
of the people than the members of the other
House ? But it had been found extremely con-
venient to those who wished to increase the
President's power to give him this title. This
claim of the President reminded him of a remark
he heard made many years ago by a member of
he House of Representatives. That gentleman
had voted against the first bank of the United
States, and had changed his mind, and was about
to vote for the second. If, said the gentleman,
the people have given us the power to make a
bank, we can do it; and if they have not, we are
the representatives of the people, and can take
the power. And this was the doctrine applied
to t|ie President, as the peculiar representative
of the people. The Constitution gave him a
modicum of power, and he, claiming the lion's
part, took all.the rest. This was the result of
that overwhelming personal popularity which led
men to disregard ail the ancient maxims of the
founders of this Government, and to yield up all
power into the hand  of one man. They could
not now even quote the doctrines of Mr. Jefferson
without being scouted; and they could not resist
any power claimed by the Executive, however
arbitrary, but must yield up everything to him
by one universal confidence, because he was the
representative ef the people.
Mr. NILES said, in reply to the Senator front
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wnsttxn,! that in one par-
ticular, and one only, the refusal to reeharter the
Bank of the United States, and the withdrawal of
the deposits from that institution, had increased
the power of the Executive over the revenue.
The Secretary of the Treasury, or the President,
if the gentleman please so to have it, had the se-
lecting of the banks in which the public revenues
were deposited; but in all other respects his
authority over the revenue was the same as be-
fore, and in this particular is the same as it was
before the incorporation of the Bank of the United
States. It was only a provision in the charter
of a private corporation which controlled the ac-
tion of the Secretary, and that charter bad now
expired. But if there bad been no law to regu-
late and direct the Secretary in the discbarge of
.his duty in relation to the revenue, he did not
know as it was the fault of the President: to show
that he had assumed power in this matter it
must be shown that he had vetoed a law regulat-
ing the deposits, or opposed the action of Con-
gress: But (said Mr. N.) the honorable Senator
seems to ridicule the idea that the President is
the representative of the people. Perhaps, in a
limited sense of the expression, he is strictly
correct, as in that sense of the teem it means a
member «f a legislative body; bat in a more gen-
eral sense  and in the way he (Mr. N.) had «sed
the expression, it was strictly correct to call the
President the representative ef the people. He
was the Chief Executive Magistrate, chose  di*
rectly by the people; for the electoral body was,
ih practice, only useless machinery. The Prsstr
dent was chosen by the people to execute the ex-
ecutive powers of the Government, hi  appoint-
ment was a popular one, and he was the rcpre>
sefttative of the people to execute these powers
of the Government whkb.-ths Gonwitation con-
fidsdiohim.   Hs was tbs rsprsscfntthveof the
