394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
reported in the other branch of Congress during: '
the first month of the stssion, and that a bill tor
the sime purpose was reported in the House
about t month 112:0 Now , although such was the
fact.and atttmpts had been made to fix a day for
the tonsid. ration of that bill, still no resolution
of thi- sort was brought in for the consideration
of the House until the gentleman from Virginia
[Air Wkf] had repeatedly made attempts to get
his resolution before the House. From these
circunisfincts. In w is led to uelieve that the reso-
lution was not offered for the object avowed by
its mover, but to prevent a searching inquiry
from being made He then went into a compar-
ison of the original r solution and amendment,
and remarked that the only material difference
between the resolution and the substitute was,
that the substitute proposed an inquiry in rela-
tion to the connection of a certa'n indiv ldual with
the banks of deposit and the Government. He
considered it important that the people should
know all about tnese money transactions of the
deposit bank3 connected with the public revenue.
He considered they had the right to examine into
the manner in which the moneys had been used
by the deposit banks, and if they neglected to do
so he considered they would be recreant to their
duty as representatives of the people; they not
only had the right to make this investigation, but
were bound to do it. As they stood at present,
they could have no information except such as
was laid before the Secretary of the Treasury in
the monthly statements of the banks, which,
being made up by the banks themselves, he did
not know that they were always to be depended
on.
The amendment proposed to make an investi-
gation into the connection which a certain indi-
vidual had with the deposit banks. This mys-
terious relation he considered most important.
What was that relation? Was there a gentleman
in that House who could tell what it was > Could
even the honorable chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Means inform them what that relation
was > He had not even heard an attempt made
to point out the relations of this individual be-
tween the deposit banks and the Government.
Were they, then, to rest calmly when $50,000,000
would be in the banks at the end of the piesent
year, in the face of the fact, that this individual
had much to do with these banks' No; he wanted
to know what use had been made of the public
moneys He considered an investigation all im-
portant, for the purpose of satisfying the country,
because the inquiry was demanded by the people
of the country He said they were called upon
by every consideration to look into this matter;
and were bound to see what uses had been made
of the moneys, and what security there was for
the money. When the public moneys were in the
Bank of the United States, it was found neces-
sary, on several occasions, to inquire into the
state of that institution, and then they had proper
legal restrictions. Such being the case, how much
more important was it now, that the condition of
those banks should be examined into, when
there were no legal restrictions' There was also
another consideration which should induce them
to go into this investigation, which was, that
there were suspicions attached to the character
of the individual who was connected with these
banks by some kind of agency. Not only sus-
picious statements had been made in relation to
him on that floor, but there was evidence, which
had been read to the House from the records of
the House—the report of the bank-investigating
committee. On these considerations he con-
ceived they should make the examination. But
there was still another,and an important reason,
why the examination should be made, which
was, that it was due to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The Secretary of the Treasury held a very
important station, and had charge of the funds of
the nation, and was bound to give an account of
the situation of those funds. Now, if an indi-
vidual was employed by the banks who was
subject to meddle with those funds, on whom sus-
picion rested, he considered it important that the
Secretary of the Treasury should be placed in a
situation to show that he had no intercourse with
that individual. He thought the inquiry should
be made for the Secretary's benefit, if not for the
benefit of the House; because he considered the '
S^ck tary a most able and industrious officer, and
should not disire to see any suspicion attached to
lum The inquiry was due to him and to the
country. There was also a clause in the Consti-
tution which provided that no money should be
drawn from the Tieasury but in consequence of
appropriations made by law; and if it was a fact
that an individual, or individuals, drew moneys
from the deposit banks, in consideration of the
use of the public moneys, he considered it a vio-
lation of this article The Government had
always been in debt, until within a short time,
when we arrived atan unexampled state of pros-
perity. But if the corruptions which were fre-
quently spoken of were to rreep in, and the
moneys to be used for such purposes, he consid-
ered that a national debt would have been a
national blessing compared with that state of
affairs.
Mi C then submitted his amendment to the
amendment, namely, " the manner in which the
public moneys have been used, and the security
received foi the same."
Mr WISE accepted this amendment, and mod-
ified his own amendment so as to make it come
in immediately after the resolution of Mr. Drom-
goole
Mr. BOND considered the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr Wise] should pre-
vail. He went into an examination to show how
much money had been lost to the Government by
the failure of State institutions about the time of
the late war, and argued that such a state of
things might again come to pass. He also con-
trasted the condition of the finances of the country
during the time the United States bank had pos-
session of the public deposits with the present
time, and contended that the bank of the United
States performed the service of the Government
much more satisfactorily than it was now per-
formed,        'ft
The remarks of Mr Bond were arrested by the
arrival of the hour of one o'clock.
Mr. McKAY moved to suspend the rules for
one hour, for the purpose of resuming the con-
sideration of the bills authorizing the President to
accept the service of volunteers, and for the better
defense of the western fiontier.
Mr. WHITTLESEY called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 92,
nays 82.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. MERCER gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, ask leave to bring in a bill to pro-
vide for the distribution among the several States
of the surplus revenue at present in the deposit
banks.
Mr. HARD made an ineffectual effort to take
up his resolution for printing an extra number of
copies of the report, &c, in reference to a ship
channel around the Falls of Niagara.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
A bill for the relief of Don Louis Rosamond
Onllon was taken up, and an amendment offered
by Mr. Garland, of Louisiana; which was
agreed to.
The question being on its engrossment, it was
discussed by Messrs. VINTON, GARLAND of
Louisiana, BYNUM, HAWBS, LANE, and
JOHNSON of Louisiana, when the bill was post-
poned until Friday next.
I Several private bills on their third reading
were also postponed until Friday next.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Brahan,
late receiver of public moneys at Huntsville,
Alabama, was ordered to a third reading.
A bill for the relief of James Alexander and
Ira Nash was passed.
A bill for the relief of Nancy Haggard was
taken up, and was discussed at some length
(mainly in reference to the principle of allowing
interest upon claims for commutation pay for
serving in the revolutionary war) by Messrs.
ALLEN of Vermont, MUHLENBERG, JUD-
1 SON, and CRANE, when the proposition to
strike out interest was negatived, and the bill
was ordered tobe engrossed.
Mr. HARD moved  an adjournment; which
i was negatived without a count.
The bill for the relief of James Trumble, and
the bill for the relief of Michael Thornton, were
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The House then went into the Committee of the
Whole, (Mr Thomson, of Ohio, in the chair,)
on the followins bills:
A bill for the relief of Thomas McCleland and
James Smith,
A bill allowing rations to Brigadier General
John E. Wool, inspector general United States
Army; and
A bill from the Senate for the relief of Ben-
jamin Murphy
Mr REYNOLDS said that the bill, as he un-
derstood it, presented a claim on the Governmcn-
for compensation for damages done by the Cher-
okee Indians; that the Government had moved
these Indians west, and located them 111 such sit-
uation that the inevitable consequence was, that
they would commit a trespass on the property of
the claimant
If the Government was the means by which
the individual lost his property, it ought to be
accountable for it; but if the property was de-
stroyed by the man's own imprudent acts, with-
out the agency of the Government, then he ought
to be the loser himself. It is admitted that In-
dians committed the trespass, and it was by the
act of the Government moving the Indians to that
region of country, that the outrage was done
To excuse the Government from paying for
this damage, which was caused by their agency,
the gentleman [Mr. Vinton] says this claimant
was a trespasser on the lands of the United
States, had placed himself out of the pale of pro-
tection of the Government, and thereby ought
not to have relief.
By an old act of Congress, that has by time
and public opinion become obsolete, and, Be
might say, almost void, these citizens settling on
the public lands might be called, and no more
than called, trespassers. They are, in fact, not
trespassers. Public opinion long since has dis-
carded this notion No one in the West considers
these individuals on Congress lands as trespassers.
They are respectable citizens, many of them, and
in every respect entitled to the privileges and im-
munities of other citizens.
The American Congress so considers them.
Preemptions to secure these meritorious citizens
in their labor and improvements have been passed
from time to time, and continued in force for
many years. It is the settled policy of the Gov-
ernment, and (Mr. R. said) he hoped it would
always remain the liberal and enlightened policy
of the country.
He hoped the claimant, because he was settled
on the land of the Government, would be placed
in a worse condition than the gentleman [Mr.
Vinton] would be in the State of Ohio, settled
on his own soil, if the Indians, by the agency of
the United States, had committed trespass on his
I property.
The gentleman [Mr. Vinton] said that it was
the encroachment of the whites on the Indians
that caused these Indian wars, which cost the
Government so much money. He instanced the
Black Hawk war.
Mr. R. said he would state the facts in relation
to the last-mentioned war, as he had an intimate
knowledge of the war, and the facts that led to
it.   The Government had purchased of the Sac
1 and Fox Indians, of which tribes the Black Hawk
I  and band formed a part, the whole country which
was invaded by the hostile  Indians      These
■ Indians had not one foot of land on the east side
of the Mississippi river.   They were, in a public
cdtfrteil the year before at Rock Island,  made •
acquainted with their rights, and the view the
Government had taken of the whole transaction.
They were in a friendly manner cautioned against
again crossing the river to the east side, in viola-
tion of their agreement, and the wishes and advice
of the United States.   They, in a most solemn
] manner, pledged themselves not again to violate
the command of the Government to recross the
f river to the east side.
I        Early in April, 1832, they, in violation of that
IJ pledge, and contrary to the command of theGov-
ernment, crossed the river to the east side, where
I they had not any land and no well-founded claim
II   to it.
1     It is true, Black Hawk and a part of his band,
