396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
expenditure had been recommended in a com-
munication received from the Navy Department,
since the receipt of the President's message at the
onenm"' of the session. It was also contemplated
by the^committce to employ four steam vessels
for the defense of the coasts, and to fit up thrse
of the ships of the line, to be used as receiving
ships at each of the three navy-yards at Boston,
New York, and Norfolk, but so far completed as
to be in a situation to be fitted for sea at a very
short notice, should the defense of the country
require it. The other increased appropriations
were for dry-docks, completing a steam vessel,
a navy hospital, and a powder magazine at Bos-
ton and New York, ana for the purchase of sites
and the erection of barracks at Brooklyn, Gos-
port, and Pensacola, not provided for by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HILL said the amendments proposed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs in the Senate
provided for an addition to the bill as it had passed
the House of nearly $3,000,000. It added simply
to the nay of officers and seamen of the Navy
more than $500,000. He was unable to divine
why this great addition to the Navy expenditures
was now to be made. When the bill was first
taken up by the House of Representatives, our
foreign affairs, in a highly critical state, seemed
to require an increased expenditure; and the bill
had passed the House making considerable in-
crease. Yet, this was not enough. The ehair-
man of the Naval Committee, [Mr. Southard,]
who a few days ago made a speech in favor of
distributing among the several States $27,000,000,
now recommends an addition of other millions to
the naval appropriation. How gentlemen can
vote for these extravagant, these uncalled-for ap-
propriations, at the same time they vote to dis-
tribute the surplus, he (Mr. H.) would not
attempt to explain. He was anxious to sec who
of this body were in favor of these appropria-
tions—he wished the ayes and noes to be placed
on the Journal on the principal amendments pro-
posed by the Naval Committee. It was indeed
extraordinary that the Executive should now
recommend these increased expenditures over and
above what was recommended by the Executive
three months ago, when the estimates were sent
from the Department to the committee of the
House of Representatives. If the Executive shall
be thus unsteady and wavering in its recommend-
ations, its wishes would not be much regarded
in any vote he (Mr. H.) should give.
[Mr. SOUTHARD having explained that the
estimates differing from those of the House re-
sulted from a changed view of the importance of
the Navy, and said they were derived from the
commissioners of the Navy,]
Mr. HILL continued: He would not regard
communications coming from a subordinate bu-
reau of any Department as executive recommend-
ations. He could not, knowing their sentiments
in relation to the Chief Magistrate, take the rec-
ommendations of the Navy commissioners as his
guide.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived, Mr.
CALHOUN moved to lay the bill on the table,
for the purpose of taking up the special order;
which motion was agreed to—ayes 16, noes 11.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to distribute the net proceeds of the
Bales of the public lands among the States, and
for granting lands to certain States, was then taken
up as the special order of the day; when
Mr. WHITEsaid the circumstances with which
we were now surrounded were not only novel,
but were different from those of former times
when a debt was due by the nation, and no money
in the Treasury beyond the sum necessary to
meet the ordinary expenses of the Government.
Now the nation owed not one cent, and the
Treasury was full to overflowing. In this state
of things, after satisfying every ordinary demand
on the Government, every man supposed a sur-
plus would be left. For the distribution of this
surplus various projects had been offered, and this
among the rest. He had compared this one with
each of the others, with a view to make a selec-
tion of that one which he conceived most advan-
tageous to the country. The question arose, has
Congress the power to make this distribution ?
If it had not, then the inquiry into the expedi-
ency or policy was useless. Some years ago it
was foreseen that there would be a surplus; and,
if he was not mistaken, the President had made
a communication in relation to it. The Secretary
of the Navy, Mr. Dickerson, when in Congress,
had made a report on the subject in 1825,-'26,
from which he read extracts to show the great
advantages which he (Mr. D.) thought would
result from an equitable distribution of the reve-
nue for the purposes of education and internal
improvements, which report (Mr. W. said) was
not confined to the revenue from one source or
another, but embraced the whole revenue, and
that it even recommended a distribution of a por-
tion of the revenue in anticipation of the gradual
extinguishment of the national debt; and asserted
that it would relieve Congress from a great source
of unnecessary legislation. When the present
Chief Magistrate came into power, so far as he
knew in the section of country in which he livtd,
it found very considerable favor among the mass
of the people. He quoted the recommendation
of the President to distribute the surplus revenue
in a ratio of representation among the States,
and that if there were any constitutional doubts,
to apply to the legitimate source, the States, for
their removal. He cited the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, Mr. McLane, in 1831, in
favor of the constitutional power of Congress over
the revenue from public lands, to appropriate
them to the purposes of education and internal
improvement. No distinction was observed in
the message of the President; but the Secretary
of the Treasury saw difficulties ahead, and seized
upon it, and suggested how it should be met, by
purchase by the United States.
He believed the doctrines of the Chief Magis-
trate were correct. They were not called on to
decide the question, whether revenue arising out
of all sources was constitutionally subject to a
general distribution. Had they not the power (he
asked) to correct the mistakes of the Government
in collecting the revenues? Suppose (said he)
you estimate fifteen millions as the amount neces-
sary for the expenses of Government, and when
you come to collect it it amounts to seventeen
millions, must you let that two millions be locked
up forever? Or have you the power to correct the
mistake by returning the excess to the people
from whom it comes? In cases where the Gov-
ernment took from an individual more money than
was due from him, where (he asked) did they get
the power to refund? They had the power to
assess and collect taxes, and pay him out of it.
It would be thought strange if one man, in settling
with another, should not have the power to cor-
rect mistakes; and why should not the Govern-
ment have the same power as individuals ? He
agreed with the President, that when a doubt of
the power existed it ought not to be exercised.
But the question is, (said he,) whose money is it
you have got in your Treasury ? You do not know
who you received it from, and therefore cannot
return it to its rightful owners. All the public
lands were acquired either by deeds of cession or
by purchase. The deed of cession from Virginia,
in 1784, contained an express provision, that these
funds were to be applied for the benefit of all the
States in the Union, or that should thereafter be
admitted.
But it was said this deed was made before the
new Confederation, and before which each State
contributed its proportion to the support of the
Government. Suppose (said he) that form of
government had continued,and the national debt
had been paid off, and it had acquired a surplus,
as it has now. In that case (he asked) what be-
came of the question, what shall be done with
the surplus i evenue ? They could dispose of it
only by distributing it on the same principle by
which it was paid in. If they were obliged to
appropriate, as other appropriations, that was
another matter, in which the question of distri-
bution was not involved.
It had been objected, that in making a distri-
bution among all the States they would include
the grantor as well as the other States. If his
views were correct, they would not only have the
right to make appropriations as trustees, but it
was their bounden duty, under the old Confede-
ration, to return the excess to the States.   He
cited a clause in the sixth article of the Consti-
tution to show that a change of Government was
not intended to change the relative rights of any
of the States, but that they stood in the same
situation as before; and also cited authorities to
show that Congress had clearly the power over
the fund arising from the public lands. Although
they had a general power to collect taxes, yet
that power was necessarily limited to the objects
for which it was given. If, by giving a section
of land along a line of canal, it would increase
the value of the rest, nobody would doubt the
power of Congress to do so.
But it was said that Louisiana and Florida
were purchased. How were the lands in these
new States acquired ? By the avails of the public
lands, which enabled the Government to purchase
more lands; and these newly-acquired lands in
Louisiana and Florida would be decreed in a court
of chancery to be held as the other lands were
held in trust by the Government. With this view
of the subject, his mind was clearly settled down
that Congress had the power to distribute the
surplus revenue from the public lands. But it
was said, that, after all the appropriations were
made, there would be only four or five hundred
thousand dollars to dispose of. In settling this
question, he doubted the propriety of going into
an account of dollars and cents. He asked whether
the public lands were to be debited with the ex-
pense of the removal of the Indians and the pay-
ment of agents? The trustee was bound to give
all the benefit to the person for whose trust he
held the money, and the person for whose use
and benefit the trustee undertook to apply his
money faithfully, had a right to expect the full
benefit. He spoke of the great importance of the
purchase of Florida to the country, and especially
the southern States, in preventinaa lodgment of
a foreign enemy, independent of its pecuniary
value. He had no doubt that, after deducting
these sums,improperly debited to the public lands,
and allowing a reasonable sum for all necessary
appropriations, there would be enough left to
fully equal the amount proposed for distribution
He would not go into so labored an argument as
some others to show what would be left in the
Treasury.
At the close of the last quarter, there were in the
Treasury thirty-one millions; and, at the end of
the next quarter, there would probably be thirty-
three millions, and they had in bank stock, nom-
inally, seven millions, but which would probably
be equal to seven millions five hundred thousand
dollars, and by adding these sums together they
had at the end of the year about seventy-two
millions. To avoid everything like mistake, he
deducted three millions five hundred and sixty-
seven thousand dollars, and still there would be
upwards of sixty-seven millions left. The late
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. McLane, had
estimated all the ordinary wants of the Govern-
ment at fifteen millions, and, taking that as the
data, there would still be twenty-five millions left;
and he confidently asked, if, after all the wants
of the Government were provided for, there would
be twenty-five millions needed, unless they in-
creased the Army and Navy to an unreasonable
extent? He cited documents from the War De-
partment to show that a great increase of the
Army was not wanted, and that the notion of for-
tifications, an the scale contemplated, was ex-
ploded as not calculated for general defense, and
that they were useful only at certain important
points; and that a board of examination had been
recommended to point out the most eligible points
for their erection; and that it was not recom-
mended to go on with all the fortifications this
year, but to expend the appropriation this year
in completing those already begun. Forts, if not
manned and armed, might serve the enemy as a
place of security and annoyance, instead of de-
fense against them. The radicals in 1822, 1823,
1824, and 1825, were in favor of the fortification
system. They might think they could take the
lead and regulate public opinion on that subject,
but they would find that public opinion would
regulate them, if they saddled a standing army
on the country.
These armies employed to fight for the Gov-
ernment would think it necessary to do their
voting,and the militia of the country would rise
