1836. t
Ttt£ OOJVGRfittríONAL* )ÜU>BE.
W9
. therefore hoped that be might be permitted then
to answer the speech which purported to be an
answer to his.
The CHAIR stated that, as he was not per-
mitted to do so by the rules of the House, he
must put the question to the House.
The question was then put, and Mr. Hawes
was permitted to reply to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. HAWES observed that he felt thankful to
the House for the favor, because, otherwise, the
speech of the gentleman from Ohio, in answer to
his, never coala have been answered by him. The
■pjech of the gentleman in pamphlet form, was
the most singular looking article of the kind he
had ever seen. It purported upon its face to be
« speech in answer to his, in relation to the mil-
itary conduct of General Harrison during tho late
war; yet when it came to be opened and looked
into, instead of its being a speech., four fifths of
it were certificates to the conduct of General Har-
rison during the late war; so he thought the best
designation he could give it would be, the certif-
icate speech of the gentleman from Ohio* It
never was.his intention to charge a want of per-
sonal bravery in General Harrison during the
war. He had, however, a right to inquire into
his military character, as it was on that ground
alone that hi  colleague [Mr. Hardin} called on
the people of Kentucky to support him for the
highest station i n the people's gat. This being the
ease, and as on this alone were rested tarn claims
for tie Presidency, Mr. H. considered it a duty
to show on what basis these claims were founded.
His friend fromOhio, too,had introduced as ihany
certificates of character of General Harrison afta
physician would have strung to a patent med-
icine ha wished to recommend to the country.
He asked if it was necessary, in this instanoe^to
support the military character of • cammandiag
officer by a long list of certificates ? it bad been
observed by one now in a high station; thjal the
character of a military man waaarwajtainjuredby
certificates, because it led men to doubt whether
he had acted bravely. He asked if «man would
go to get certificates of character, unless charges
Bad been made against,that character > Certainly
net. What would be thought of a female, -who
would go through the land to get certificates of
characterr- Why, it would be thought that se-
rious charges had been made against her charac-
ter. He considered the character of a military
«an as delicate as that of a female. He •discov-
ered, too, in these certificates, that they were all
colonels, majors, generals, die. It would be rec-
ollected, however, that during that period of the
war, these men were not colonels, majors, and
generals, but were the mere subordinate officers
under the command of General Harrison, and that
they became colonels, majors, and generals, sub-
sequent to that period. At the time they gave
the certificates alluded to, they stood pretty much
in the same relation to General Harrison that his
friend from New York [He Gjutfasn] now did—
as lieutenant, or second in command. They were
his mere subordinates, and dependent upon him;
and he made this allusion totshow that they should
not be carried before the country as colonels and
generals at that time. But he asked where- was '
the certificate of the individual who commanded
the fourth regiment at Tippecanoe—that regiment
which shed laster and glory on the country ? Gen-
eral Harrison had the certificates of all his subor- *
dinates; but Mr. H. asked where was. the certif- >
¡cate of the commander of that regiment? He
appealed to some of the gentlemen in that House
if they bad not heard, on variousoccasions„Gen-
eral Boyd speak of the military character of Gen-
eral Harrison in a different way from that of these
certificates. The season why his certificate was
not produced was, that it would go in opposition
to those laid before them, because he was of a
different opinion from those who had given those
certificates."
He had said before, that the battle of Tippe-
canoe was the best action of General Harrison's
life, save one, and that one was, when the hand
of Providence directed him to come to Washing-
ton to throw up the command of the army, in
order that the hero of Orleans might be appointed
in his stead. Mr. H. said, if they did not take
the conduct ef General Harrison at the battle of
I Tippecanoe as evidence of his powers, they might
' look in vain for what he had done in any other
I field.    He believed the gentleman from Ohio had
said that the general once had a hole shot in his
hat.   As certificates had become the order of the
day, Mr. H. would read the opinion of Major
I Madison, who was not the subordinate of Gen-
i eral Harrison, nor dependent upon him for sup-
1 port, but who was the Governor of an independ-
ent State; and he stated that the reasons why the
' day was so calamitous, was, that the part of the
, army under command of General Harrison was
kept at such a distance from the remainder of
the troops that  they could not be brought to
1 act in concert with them; and Major Madison had
¡ much better means of ascertaining the true state
¡ of facts than one of General Harrison's subor-
dinates. Yet, notwithstanding that General Har-
rison generally kept a considerable distance from
the enemy, he was-to be brought before the people
for the Presidency as the hero of the last war,
! with a long string of patent-medicine certificates,
patched up by the gentleman from Ohio, while
pthose who actually fought and bled in some of
I those battles were to be cried down by those gen-
1 tletnen.   But Major Madison stated that if even
five hundred men had been sent by General Har-
rison to the relief of those who were engaged in
that conflict, it would have been a victory instead
of a defeat.    He asked the gentleman from Ohio
if he would rest the claims of an individual for
the Presidency on so flimsy a foundation as this?
That Genera] would not evea send five hundred
men to save the «laughter of his fellow-citizens
on that occasion; and yet they were called upon
to support that General for the Presidency on no
other ground than his great military achieve-
ments.   He would tell hi  colleague, who had
based his claims of General Harrison on his miii-
tary^ehievemeots, that, because of the recollec-
tions of the field of Raisin, the people would
.most assuredly defeat him.   The gentlemanfrom
Ohio had thought that Mr. H. was taking upon
himself that which ought to have been left to some
of the gentlemen from Ohio.   He would tell the
gentleman that he had a very warm feeling for
Ohio; and when he «aw a sister State slandered,
and that too by an individual who was now
coming forward to ask them for their votes, he,
as a ftentuckkn**hould make an effort, however
humble it might be, to throw back that «lander.
He had understood the gentleman fro  Ohio to
say that when Ohio needed his (Mr. H;'a) nut-
rices, she would send a special messenger.   He
would tell the gentleman that ,he would always
be found ready to do justice to Ohio or any other
State without being sent for by a special messen-
ger.    He would also tell the gentleman, that if
the people of his State had been spok«n of thus,
he would not have endeavored to pass it over
by showing that some other person had spoken
in like manner of the peoplem€ another State; but
he would at once have pronounced it a> slander.
How did the gentleman from Ohio justify this
charge which General Harrison had made against
the people of Ohio ?   He justified it by -saying
that General Jackson spoke in the same manner
•f the Kentuckiana at New Orleans.   Had his
friend forgotten the history of the matter?   It
must be recollected that that matter was inves-
tigated by a court-martial, which determined that
this. Kcntuckians bod acted like true soldiers, and
the judgment of the court-martial was signed by
• General Jackson himself. ' if General Jackson
< had done injustice to the Kentuckians, he im-
mediately withdrew k by signing their acquittal;
and Mr. H. had no doubt but thai General Har-
rison would now sign an acquittal for the people
of Ohio, since he had become solicitous of their
votes.   But the gentleman-from Ohio- had been
bringingforwardisertificatesto back General Har-
rison in the charge* he made against the people
of Ohio.
Mr. STORER said, what he had «aid on that
subject was, that it was in a time of universal
dismay, in consequence of the massacres that had
taken place. He had said that thti people were,
for a time, panic-struck, and that dismay per-
vaded the frontier, but that they were not in fear
or dread.
Mr. HAWES resumed :< He denied this assev-
eration, although upon the authority of the gen-
tleman from Ohio  because be-believed a braver
people never did exist than the western people;
and he asked those who were old enough to know,
if the time ever was when dismay pervaded the
West. It did not. Enlistments were unnecessary
because enough volunteered to answer every pur-
pose; and this he did not think looked much like
dismay or disinclination to the service.
Mr. H. said General Harrison ought not to
receive the vote of Kentucky on account of his
great military talents; and on this alone his col
league had rested his claims to the presidency-
He was willing to do justice to that individua!,
and would again repeat what he hod said once
before, that he did not intend to make any charge
against hi  personal bravery; but he considered
his military character as public property; and so
he should exercise the privilege of treating the
military character of any individual. He« «gain
said that he should not have mentioned the* name
of General Harrison at all, and should not have
found it necessary even to allude to his military
character, had it not been for the remarks of his
colleague, [Mr, Hardin.] The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Storer] thought Mr. H. had acted
wrong in tearing up the military character of
General Harrison. That gentleman (said hel
ought to have been much gratified at the course
he (Mr. H.) took, because it gave the gentleman
from Ohio a good opportunity to tack together
his list of certificates, showing what a military
man and excellent soldier General Harrison was;
and those public documents and certificates could
not fail to do good in Ohio, because the people of
Ohio were an intelligent people, and could not
fail to be convinced by the vast number of certifi-
cates which the gentleman from Ohio had attached
to his speech.
Mr. H. said, as he had occupied a considerable
portion of the time of the House, and as there
would be another Opportunity of discussing this
subject, he would now yield the floor to his col-
league, [Mr. Williams,] who had shown so
much- anxiety to obtain the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor; but the hour having nearly expired, he
moved thai the House proceed to the orders of
the day; which was agreed to.                         '
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. .
Mr. CAMBRELElfG, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, on leaye, reported a bill
making a further appropriation for repressing
Indian hostilities in Florida; which was read
twice, and committed.''                                 .,
Mr. LANE, from the Committee for the Die-
trict of Columbia, reported the following bills;
which were read twice, and committed: A bill
for the erection of anew jail in the city of Wash-
ington, for Washington county, in the District
of Columbia; and a bill to establish a criminal
court in the "District of Columbia.
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Roads, and Canals, reported a bill
providing for purchasing the individual stock in
the Louisville and Portland Canal by the United
States; which was ^ead twice.
Mr. GRAVES moved to commit the billi and
make it the special order for Thursday next,
from eleven to one o'clock; which was negatived
without a count.
Mr. GRAVES then moved to appropriate one
hour on Thursday, from twelve to one o'clock,
to the consideration; of the aforesaid billi which
was not agreed to.                                 *
On motion of Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky
the bill was then committed.
PETITIONS, MEEMOMAtS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs. UNDERWOOD, THOMP-
SON of South Carolina, HOWARD, MAY,
LAWRENCE, WHITE, JENIFER, PÉTTI-
GREW,JOHNSON.of Kentucky, THOMPSON
of Ohio, LAY, GIDEON LEE, BUCHANAN,
BEALE, INGERSOLL, COLES, ALLEN of
Vermont, WISE, LAWLER, PATTERSON,
MUHLENBERG, SLOANE, HANNEGAN,
and CLAIBORNE of Mississippi.
Mr. LAWRENCE presented  memorial of
sundry citizens of Boston  on the subject of an
express mail from thai eity to New Orleans;
