400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26.
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads
Mr VDAVTS presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature ot Massachusetts, in favor ot the bill
befoie the ¡senate for the distribution of the pro-
ceeds ot the sales ot the public lands,
ANo, joint ¡evolutions in reference to fortifica-
tions, in Boston harbor, which w ere laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed
Mi VAADERPOEL presented a petition
provins: an appropriation for the erection of a
monument in memory of Mr. David Williams,
deceased, one ot the captors of Major Andre,
which was referred to a select committee of five
Mr PATERSON presented the petition of the
Wvandott nation of Indians at Upper Sandusky,
askin? remuneration for stolen horses, which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Aflairs
Mr HANNEGAN presented the petition of
Hugh McConnell, a revolutionary soldier, pray-
ing to be placed on the pension roll, which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr SHIELDS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-t OflUe an 1
Po-t Road- be in iructed to inquire into the evpedicuev
of e«ttbii hing i po t route from Pula-ki, Tennessee, by
Koger-v Ule to Cortland, Alabama
On motion of Mr HANNEGAN, it was
Resohed, Tnat the Secretary of War be directed to liy
before the H~>u e the papers on file in the Pen ion Office,
in the ca-e ot Hugh McConnell.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pension 
be in tructt d to inquire uno the expediency ot placing the
name of Edward Dennis on the pension roll
On motion of Mr HAMER, it was
Revolted, lhat the Committee on Invalid Pen-ions be
liisfu-ted to inquire in*o the expediency ot increa ing the
pension of Zebedee Smith, of Adams county, Onio
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Replied, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pennons
be m-tructed to inquire into the propriety of placing the
name of Daniel Granger upon the pension roll
On motion of Mr. MANN, of New York, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road  be in tructed to inquire into the expediency ot au
tlionzing the Postmaster General to contract for carrying
the mails on the navigable canals of the several States
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in
«¡tructert to inq uire into the expediency or pij ing to Nicholas
Darnell the per annum allowance now allowed him, from
the 31=t of November, 1838, to the 21st of ¡vovember, 1835,
at which tune his name was placed on the invalid pension
roll
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of Co
tabhshmg a po-t route from Elizabethtown, by Lennon's
croes road-, to Fair Bluff, thence by Wlutesville and the
Prong, at Wooten's, back to Ultzabethtown
On motion of Mr. BAILEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting to
the heir  of Paul Dodge, late ot Newcastle, in the count) of
Lincoln, State of Maine, deceased, the amount of hi" pen
sion from tlie 4th of March, 1820, (the time his name was
dropped fioin the roll, under the act of 1823, on account of
property,) to December, 1820, (the time of hi  death )
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
In further execution of the special orde r of th
26th of January last, the House resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr Sutherland in the chair.)
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to take up the bill
making further appropriations for the repression
of Indian hostilities in Florida.
Mr. MERCER inquired of the Chair whether
the special order embraced this bill, and whether
the effect of that order was prospective as well as
retrospective'
The CHAIR referred to the resolution of 26th
of January, and said it embraced all the appro-
priation bills for the expenses of the various De-
partments of the Government.
Mr MERCER merely made the inquiry, and
should not press a question of order upon it
The committee then took up and considered
the bill reported this morning, providing for the
repression of Indian hostilities in Florida.
The bill was read. It appropriated the sum of
$1,000,000 for the purpose
Mr. CAMBRELENG made abnef explanation
that of the former appropriation only $487 re-
mained, when the bill was considered, ordered to
be laid aside and reported to the Hous>e without
amendment
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then took up the bill providing foi the
salaries of certain officers therein named.
This bill provides for the payment of the sala-
ries of such extia cleiks as are now employed in
the various Departments, and whose compensa-
tion was not provided for in the civil list bill, the
Committee of Ways and Means having included
in that bill only such clerks and odicers as weie
already provided for by law.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a reduction of
the item for the clerks in the office of the surveyor
general of Illinois and Missouri fiom $4,820 to
$2,820, on the ground that the balance was pro-
vided for under the civil list bill, which was
agreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to strike out the following
wordsfiom the fiist clause   " That being the sum
heretofoi e allowed him in the appropriation bills;''
I which was agreed to.
I Mr. ADAMS moved that the same words be
stricken out of the bill wherever they occurred,
on the ground of their being surplusage; which
was agreed to.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that the
two extra clerks in the Treasury Department be
allowed an annual salary of $¿,150, and the other
$1,000; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to strike out the clause
appiopriatmg $1,000 for the salary of an addi-
1 tioiial clerk for the Navy Department; which was
agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the words,
" commencing with tne present year," whenever
they occurred in the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louis'ana, moved an ad-
ditional clause to the bill providing an annual
salary of $2,500 to the surveyor general of the
United States for Louisiana, and to the registers
and receivers an additional $1,000 during the time
¡ they are employed in attending to private land
claims.
| Mr. CAMBRELENG explained, that it was a
mere supplementary bill to the ordinary appro-
priation bill, and provided for no inciease, nor
for any new salary, nor indeed for any appropri-
ation not heretofore piovided for.
Mr. ASHLEY mov ed to add the words, "Mis-
souri and Illinois," after "Louisiana," in the
amendment.
Mr SEVIER suggested " Arkansas" also.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, suggested to
the mover of the amendment to withdraw it, and,
if necessary, the provision could be introduced in
a separate bill; whereupon,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the amended
clause for the clerks of the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri, by increasing it fiom
$2,820 to $3,820; which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a general pro-
visional clause to the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved an addi-
tional clause, providing for the employment of
six extra clerks and one messenger in the Quar-
termaster General's office; which, after some re-
marks fi om Messrs. JOHNSON of Kentucky,
CAMBRELENG, JOHNSON of Tennessee.and
VINTON, was agreed to
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, moved an additional clause, authorizing
the surveyor general at St. Louis, Missouri, to
employ two clerks in his office; the one at an an-
nual salary of $1,000, the other at $800; which,
after a few words from Messrs. BELL, CAM-
BRELENG, ASHLEY, and JOHNSON of
Tennessee, was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, moved to insert
an item of $1,000 foi the payment of costs of
certain suits decided against the United States in
Missouri and Tlonda [The same amendment
moved by Mr. H. to the civil list bill.]    Lost.
The bill was then laid aside; and the commit-
tee took up the bill making appropriations for the
Indian Department for the year 1836, for Indian
annuities, &c
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, pi oposi d suiidi y amendments
for carrying into effect the stipulations of various
treaties with the Sene as, Choctaws, <SLc, and
expenses arising fiom eiiiciing into said treaties,
winch were agreed to
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, moved an
additional item of $80,000, for the purpose of
carrying into effect the piovisions of the tieaty
with the Cado Indians, winch was agreed to.
Mr. LYON moved an item of $2,327 12, to pay
Colonel David Brieilyfoi piovisions purchased
by him, and applied to the use of the Indians,
which, after a few words fiom Messrs. LYON,
CAMBRELENG, BELL, and EVERETT, was
agreed to.
Mr. BELL, under direction of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, moved two additional items,
viz: to defray the expense of removing certain
Indians residing south of the Wisconsin, $40,000;
and to defray the expense of holding treaties
with certain Indiars in the Green Bay district,
$20,000; which was agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT, from the same committee,
moved an additional item of #2,000, to def-ay
the expense of holding treaties with the Indian
tribes, for the purpose of extinguishing certain
Indian title  in Missouri; which was agreed to.
Several additional items were agreed to, on the
motions of Mr. ASHLEY and Mr. BELL, and
the bill was laid aside.
The committee then rose, and reported the
foregoing bills, as amended, to the House.
The bill making a further anpropnation for
suppressing Indian hostilities in Florida, reported
without amendment, was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and, having been
engrossed, was read a third time ai d passed.
The House also concurred with the committee
in their amendments to the Indian appropriation
bill,and it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading to-morrow.
I The bill providing for the salaries of certain
officers therein named was then taken up, and
all the amendments concurred in by the House
except that providing for additional clerk hire in
the (Quartermaster General's department.
Mr. McKAY said, if the amendment should
be adopted, he should move a proviso to pi event
the employment of commissioned officers asextra
clerks in the bureau.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, hoped there
would be no objection to such a modification.
Mr McKAY moved his proviso, and it was
agreed to nem eon.
The amendment was then discussed by Messrs.
CAMBRELENG, JOHNSON of Kentucky, and
1 JOHNbON of Tennessee, when it was agreed
to—ayes 86, noes 40, and the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading to-morrow.
Mr. CAMBRELENG gave notice that the
next bill he should propose to take up would be
the Army appropriation bul, to which he intended
to move some important amendments.
On motion of Mr. FULLER, of New York,
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, dpi ü 26, 1836
Mr. LINN presented the petition of the inhab-
itants of Johnson county, Missoun, praying for
the establishment of a post route fiom Columbus,
situated at the iron works on the Mississippi
river, State of Kentucky, to pass through the
seats of justice of Scott, Cape Girardeau, Madi-
son, and St. Francis counties; th< nee to Caledonia
and Mina counties, to the seat of justice of Craw-
ford county; thence to the seat of j ustice in Pulaski
county, by the way of Massy's non works;
thence to the seat of justice of Pettis county;
thence to Gilchrist's mills in Johnson county;
thence to Blackwater post office in said county;
thence to Independence, in Jackson county, w hieh
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
The CHAIR communicated a report fiom the
Treasury Department, in answei to a resolution
of the Senate submitted by Mr. Ewing, inquiring
