406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
▼indicated the Administration fiom the charge
of hat Jflff been guilty of extrat agant expenditures
in works of intunal improvement.    They were
not responsible foi those expenditures, for, in the
first pi ice, those works had their origin under
foiraer   Idministrations,  the  Delaware   break-
water, Cumberland road,&.C.,and the Committees
of Wivs and Means, Commt rce, and Roads, and
Canals, of that House, must be held accountable
for the amount of appropriations made foi them.
In reference to the public deposits, Mr. C. was
anxious t'nt some measures of regulation should
be adopted     He was, howeter, opposed to the
Government having anything to do with stocks,
and if anv surplus should remain after the wants
of the Government should be supplied, which he
doubted, he would tote, rather than have any-
thing to do with stocks, that the suiplus should
be  temporarily  invested, and   leave  that  fund
pledged, i'i the language of the eighth article of
the old Confedention, " tobe disposed of for the
common benefit of the United States. '    Ht de-
nied  that the present Admimsttation were ac-
countable for the accumulation, but that it had,
on the contrary, endeavored to stem it.    It was
produced by the tariff act of 1810     He himstlf
did  not think  the   suiplus would  cont'iiue but
little, if any, beyond the ordinary liK-essuies of
the Government.    Mi   C. dwelt at length upon
tins subject, ai d that of the  distribution of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, the in-
evitable effect of which would be to produce an
increase of the tariff.
He also entered into a variety of statements
with reference to the revenue arising from import-
ations and the public lands, which, m case of a
reaction that would inevitably ensue, would not
amount to more than two thirds of the expendi-
tures of the Government. He controverted the
doctrine that there was a largf surplus. On the
first of January of the presi nt yeai, the unappio-
pnated balance in the Treasury amounted to only
$17,500,000, not including the United States Bank
stock, for he would not calculate on anything
from an institution that had acted as that had
done with reference to the pension fund, and the
widow and orphan This amount of $17,500,000
would be moie than exhausted dunngthe pies-
ent year, without the aid of adopting any meas-
ure of direct distribution. There were extraor-
dinary estimates amounting to $6,000,000, two
Indian treaties approved by the late majority
of the Sena'e, $7,000,000, the Seminole war
would probably cost $5,000,000, and there were
a large mass of other expenditures that would
swell it up to $25,000,000. Besides this, the war
cloud now hanging over the southwestern fron-
tier ought not to escape the attention of Congress.
He examined in detail the effects of distnbuting
the surplus revenue in the manner pioposed,
which would introduce a general scene of corrup-
tion, break down the independence of the States,
and produce Consolidation He would go with
gentlemen for putting the fortifications in a state
of defense, and of possessing a naval power com-
mensurate with the commerce and coast of the
country. He would triple the force in the Gulf
of Mexico, he would increase the naval force on
the east, and would have an efficient force in the
Pacific to protect our fisheries, where, in case of
war, we should be first assailed. Ble again ad-
verted to the Seminole war, and the probability
of a rupture with Mexico, or with the Indians in
that quarter, incited through the influence of that
nation. Should this be the case, every dollar of
the surplus revehue would be exhausted-, and Mr.
C. concluded, after some further remarks, by call-
ing upon the friends of distribution to pause and
reflect upon these circumstances before they took
a step which they would be unable to retrace.
Mr BELL proceeded to reply to Mr. Cambre-
i-eng in reference to the allusions made to himself
by that gentleman. He said there had been great
neglect in not bringing forward the appropriation
bills, with reference to the apprehension of war;
and he therefore came to the conclusion, which
he- took that opportunity to reiterate, that the
party never had any apprehensions of a war with
France. Under ordinary circumstances no delay
had taken place; but at that time there was a pre-
tense of apprehension of a war, and yet the ap-
propriation bills were not only suffered to sleep
I for a long time, but to give place to the New York
relief bill. Mr. B. endeavored to get an hour
devoted to the adoption of some amendment to
the rules of the House, and he believed that, if
they had devoted three or four wet ks to that sub-
ject, the countiy would have been a gainei, and
tint motion wis resisttd on the same ground that
a wai was apprehended, and the patnotisTi of
members on all sides was, appealed to He denied,
in reply to the articles in the Globe, that he had
made a fnvolous motion to embairass the Navy
bill He did not hold the President of the United
States nor any member of the House responsible
foi the ai tides in that punt, but it was we 11 known
they indorsed them by inclosing copies of the
paper under then frank. He hardly received a
letter that did not inform him that hundreds of
that infamous paper were fianked to Te nnessee
by the Piesident, and though he would not hold
the President responsible for, or say that he in-
dorsed its slanders, yet such was the effect of
their being forwarded under his ñank. Mr B.
then went into the history of the proceedings on
the naval appropriation bill, and of his own
course on that occasion, and íepelled the attacks
made upon him by the Globe, sevcial of which
he read He then went into a diuinal history of
the proceedings on the New York fire bill, Mr
Adams's resolution, and Mr Wisl's resolution,
the contested election, &c , by which he showed
that the Navy bill had been compelled to give
way to those propositions. The changes were
rung on the New York file bill and the contested
election case, each being alternately considered,
during which time the appiopnation bills slept.
Out of the six weeks' discussion on the Navy
bill, alleged to have been the effect of Mr B. s
motion, after all the slanders made against him,
he pi oved that bill had only been discubsed during
parts of thirteen days. With regard to his mo-
tion, he explained that he had made it to bring
out the views of those who were s-ipposed con-
versant with the matter, but the motion to reduce
the appropriation to $4,000, the ordinary ex-
penses, was perfectly consistent with his own to
i educe the whole appropriation one half. Besides,
when in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, that was the only occasion that would
be given the minoiity for political discussion, and
he had availed himself of the Navy bill, believ-
ing he should have no other occasion He be-
htved that, if the ordinary appropriation bills weie
got thiojgh, and Michigan and Arkansas ad-
mitted into the Union during the morning hour,
they would soon find themselves adjourned, nor
did he believe they would act on the deposit bank
bill, the land bill, the Post Office bill,and several
other great subjects, unless they intoiposed and
kept back one of the appropnation bills If any
of these measures were brought up, without the
interposition of some such bill as he alluded to,
they would either not be acted upon, or no op-
poitumty would be afforded of discussing them,
but they would be forced through by means of
the previous question. After some further re-
marks, Mi B. intimated that he should avail
himself of a future oppoitunity to give his views
at length on the subject embiaced in the amend-
ment, and such other topics as were involved in,
or should grow out of it.
Mr MERCER, after some remarks in reply to
Mr. Cambreleng, moved to strike out the clause
proposed to be amended by that gentleman, and
insert the following:
For tile purchase or construction of a foundery for ord
nance at such place as the S-eretarv of War, with the
approbation ofthe President of the United Mate'-, mavselett,
and for defraying the expenses ot conducting the operanons
of such foundery tor one tear, including Die purcha e ot
necessary tools and material , the sum ot--------hundred
thousand dollars, and thatthcfurther«um of--------hundred
thousand dollars be appropriated to the purchase of ord
nance tor immediate u=e
After some further remarks by Mr. MERCER
and Mr CAMBRELENG,
Mr. MOORE obtained the floor, and gave way
to Mr. Bvndm, on whose motion the committee
rose and reported                                                   ,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the 23d ,
instant, a list of the awards made by the com-
1 missioners on the claims under the convention
with the King of the Two Sicilies; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr MANN, of New York, the
House then adjourned
I                             IN SENATE
TiiiRSDAv^ViZaS, 1836
The CH V1R communicated a íeport fiom the
Navy Depaitment, containing an estimate of the-
maximum amount that can be advantageously
expended, annually, foi naval puiposes, navy-
yaids, aisenals, diy-docks, &c, which was laid
on the table, and oidertd to be printed
Mi LINN, fiom the Committee on Pensions,
to whom had been referíed the petition of Jean
Bap tiste Jarv is, i epoi ted a bill for his relief, which
was rend, and oieleied to a second reading.
Mi. TOMLINSON.fiom the same committee,
reported abill to restoic ceitam invalid pensioners
to the pension roll, which was read, and ordered
to a second leading.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom had been reft rred the petitions
of Peter A Kaithaus, and Robert P. Moore, and
others, íeported unfavorably theieon, and the
committee was discharged from the further con-
sideiation thereof.
NI.W POST ROUTES.
Mr. WALKER offered the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to-
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into th" expediency ot c-,tal>
lulling the following postróme-, in the fctate of Mississippi
From Port Gibson, by Darwin, Shelby «, IJovd -• Mills, and
Casey's Store, to Raymond, from Clinton, by bpring Hill,
and Summerville, to Silautn
Mr. LINN offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resollé:*, That the Committee on Vv Post Office and1
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency o(
establishing a po-t route from the town of St Genevieve,
Missouri, to the steamboat landing near that place
STATUARY FOR THE CAPITOL.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved that the resolution
directing the Committee on Finance to inquire
into the expediency of contracting with Luigi
Pérsico for two groups of statues to complete the
ornaments of the east fiont of the Capitol, be
taken up for consideration.
Mr. PRESTON had no sort of objection to
matters of this kind, nor was it with him a mere
question of expense The declaration in the res-
olution was virtually that it was proper to make
an appropriation for the purchase of two groups
from Mr Pérsico, and he thought the terms of
the resolution ought to be enlarged, and not con-
fined to any particular individual; and it might
be a question whether the Committee on Finance,
who were burdened with other duties, were the
appropriate committee. It was a matterof taste-,
and peculiar in its character.
Mr M\NGUM said the Committee on the
Library invariably had the charge of the expenses
and selection of ornaments for the Capitol As
to the question of expense in matters of that kind
it was not a matter of much consequence, and not
necessary to place it under the direction of the
Committee on Finance. He would, therefore,
move to strike out the Committee on Finance,
and insert the Committee on the Library. This
inquiry was very propet, and, he thought, prop-
erly belonged to the Committee on the Library.
The ornaments to be selected would not oniy be
valued for this, but for all future ages-.
Mr CALHOUN said that when this resolw
tion was first introduced his attention was called
to it, and he really did think that they ought
to reserve objects of this description- for native
artists; one of whom was at that time in Europe,
at the head of his profession. At the solicitation
ofthe mover, he would not make any opposition
to the resolution now. Let it go (said Mr. C.)
to the committee, and let them report on it, and
should their report be unfavorable, he would then
have an opportunity of expressing his news
further on the subject. Mr. Pérsico was a gen-
tleman of talents, and would no doubt do justice
to the subject; but the Government had but little
patronage of the kind, and he thought they owed
it to native artists to reserve it for them.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not intend at that time
