lq
í\
THffiKCONGftBSfflONAI/«LOBBl
4m
 wMP ¡at* a dncoanen *# the qaaaben
by the Senator from Sooth Carolina?! Mr. Cita*
■em*,} though on a proper occasion he should
hat  something to aay with regard to it. He'
would assure the junior Senator from South Caro-
lina, (Mr. Preston,) that if he had had the
■election of an individual in the Senate, whose
judgment and taste in matters relating to the fine
arta qualified him to decide) as to the menta of
the proposed pieces of statuary, he should have
selected him; but he knew that a bill had come
there from the House of Representatives, con-
taining appropriations .for «tataary, which had
been referred to the Committee on Fiaanee, and
lis had, therefore, na choice bat to send hia reso-
hMaoa to that committee, or iaeur the risk of its
aot being acted on during this session.
Mr. MANGUM said there «euld be no diffi-
culty in this matter. As to the question of taste
he should have as much confidence ia the taste
•f the chairman ef the Committee on Finance a*
ia that ef any other gentleman; bat he thought it
would be more appropriate ta send it to the
Librarr Committee.
Mr. PB£8TON doubted the propriety of the
soggeetion of the Senator from North Carolina.
The Committee on the Library were not more
qualified to decide in such matter* than any other
members'of the Senate; and, indeed, few of them
had had opportunities of making themselves so.
It had been usual to refer matters ef this descrip-
tion to the Committee on the Library, on the
natoral sappesition that there was some connec-
tion between literature and the fine arts; but he
should think the Committee on Finance as well
qualified a* any other committee; and he would
suggest that they ahoald be inatrueted to inaotre
whether an appropriation, and -to what amount*
should be mad* to ornament the east frost of the
Capitol, leaving the selection both *f the «abject
ama the artist to same proper department of the
Govi-rnmentr—say the President ef the united
States. The resolution contemplated two group*
ef tntna* for the east fronts the Capitol    Now
whether groase of statues were proper for that
place, at what group*, or whether the subject
citasen was consistent with good tost , werfc.au
questions of great intportaace, which the Senate
was not competent to determine-, and'a4egree of
Kaponaibility should be thrown upon the proper
department of the Government for the selection
hath of the subject to be executed «ad the artist
to execute it, so a* to insure a work worthy bf
the bwalding whose coat was three millions of
cfeUara, ef thfr wealth and greatness of the nation,
•ad of the admiration of posterity.  He bad the
highest opinio  of the, tálenla and excellence of
Mr. Peseteo as an artist; but some of our own
artists had obtained, very deservedly, great celeb- ,
líty.   Ose of them, Mr. Greenougb, was soon
expected heme, and it might be deemed proper
to give him a* opportunity of exercising his tad- i
•nut en theeontsaaplated wQrk> He thought that {
•orne competition might be advantageously ex> |
cited—that some little collision of minil among ,
men of genius and taste might result ia the adop- '
tion of a design mere appropriate than that sugr-
gested by Mr. Pérsico; but of this he eoald not
pretenda judge.  The reference of each matters
to persons of competent skill and acknowledged
taate was necessary to prevent, their being bur-
dened with, werks unworthy of the nation. Their
public ball* had been disgraced with exhibitions
purporting tobe of the fine arts, utterly offensive
to the pnblie taste, absurd ia design, and wretched
in the execution.   He. would vote against the mo-
tion of his friend-frora North Carolina; and would
xeev* to amend the resolution, so as to authorise
the President ef the- United Stales to eoouact for
suitable ornament  to complete the east front Of
the Capitol, instead of directing the Committee
en Fraanee to inquire, <fcc.                ,        .
Mr. BUCHANAN said he did not anticipate
so much discussion on* mere question of inquiry
Some year* ago I (said Mr. B.)*ubmiited a sim-
ilar resolution to the House of Representative* 
and I thought ,1 «ould not do wrong in asking a
committee of the Senate ta iaqkire into the expe-
diency of making an appropriation,
, I feel it to b*  y duty, however, after what
ha* taken place, to «ply. to soma of the remark 
Whisk* have fallen from the Senator* from South
Carelia*4 particularly thoM of the junior mehtw
be*.                       -H
No awn living, sir, ia willing to extend more
encouragement to native talent than I am. When-
ever it can fairly be brought into competition with
that of foreign growth, it ought to be preferred.,
1 am no connoisseur in sculpture, but I know that
it requires immense labor, intimate knowledge of
drawing, and years of experience, to execute a
classical or historical figure.
There is as much difference between the artist
who forma a bust, and he who executes a group
of statuary, as there is between'a mere portrait
painter and a Michael Angelo.. It is the very
lowest grade of the art—the commencement of the
stady of the profession. No gentleman, what-
! ever may be nis natural genius, who has pro 
1 ceeded no further than the execution of a bust,
and the taking of a striking likeness, is fit to be
employed in ornamenting the eastern front of our
Capitol.
It may be asked, (and I answer the question
now,) why I feel thia interest in Mr. Pérsico? It
is from motives of private friendship, in consist-
ence with the public good. He came to the town
in which I reside in 1819, merely as a portrait
painter, and for the purpose of acquiring a knowl-
edge ef the English language. His genius and
taste were soon discovered, and in his society I
have passed many agreeable and instructive hours.
He left a* without a single enemy. He is not a
native, but. he intend  to «pend his day* among
oe, for he love* liberty with all the enthusiasm
of genius. He is devoted to the institutions of
this country.  ■
When I next saw him, it was in New York,
where hi* taients as a sculptor had begun to at-
tract much attention. 1 asked him why he had
concealed his knowledge of sculpture to his friends
in Lancaster, and he replied, evincing, the mod-
esty which always accompanies true merit, that
the  were sb «any foreigners in this country
who pvetandetl to what they were not entitled,,
tbat-he bad determined not to speak of his knowl-
edge of this art until he should have, an opportu-
mtjrof eispiaying it by hia .works,, He was sub-
sequently employed by this Government at*
salary of $1,500 a year to ornament the tympo-
| num of the .«estera front of the Capitel. How he
¡ succeeded, let' the universal approbation which
I his efforts have received, decide/  ;- *
After he hnd completed this wort; üpréseafed
a resolution to the House of Represea tatives, of
which I was then a member, mmilar to the one 1
¡ have now offered. He was employed; and though
I pretend to no taste in the fine arts, yet I know
that other*, who are competent judges, as well a*
myself, hare been delighted with the results of hia
labors^ and admired the industry and genius with
which they were accomplished.
¡ Thebtnié of identifying his talents with the
Capitol ef the Union has been the subject of his
thoughts byday,andfaisdreams by night.   Most
keenly and deeply, therefore, would he feel, if the
Sedate of the United States should refuse to enter-
tain a mere resolution of inquiry.'
•■ Any one, whether aman of taste or not, cannot
bat be struck with the model of one of the group*
which he has completed.   It represents the great
discoverer when he first bounded with ecstasy
upon the shore; all his toils and perils peat, pre-
senting a hemisphere to the astonished world,
with  the  name of America. inscribed upon it.
Whilst he is thus standing upon the.shore, a fe-
male savage, with awe and wonder depicted in
her countenance, is gazing upon him.    This is
On* .of the happiest, noblest, grandest concep-
tiomrof genios.   It is worthy of the subject.   I
hope every Senator will examine the model* for
himself.   I hazard the assertion that, if ever this
work shall be finished according to the models it
would command in Europe five tiroes theamount
which it will cost in this countryr  I believe,
however, from thcenthusiasm of the artist, that
ha would iatb.er.have this work of hi*'placed.on
the blocking of the Capitol, if he shoaM receive
from Government nb more than;a mere subsist-
ence whilst engaged in its execution, than to
realise a fortune from it in Europe*    •-,,-.      w
- If the Senator from Sooth Carolina, desire* *4
let htm oner a separate resolution in favor of any
ether aortiet.' *He shall receive  y vote.  I should
feel indebteM te>i  i howe«r tf-M#W«ld «uf^r,,
mine to take the usual direction without any
amendment.                                     ,:., ,
Mr. PRESTON said the gentleman from Penar,
sylvania was mistaken if he imagined for a mo-
ment that what he said .was in reference to a spe-
cial competition'between Mr. Pérsico and any
other artist.   He should very fnitch regfet ifM*r.
Pérsico himself thought he had said anythihgih«-'
vidious to him.   That body was not fitted to dis-
cuss these matters, as was evident frotti the -man-
ner in which the names of individual artists had
been brought forward.   He knew that he himself'
was not competent to decide on them.   There'
was, to be sure, as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania observed, every difference between the ex-
ecution of a.correet likeness  and the execution
of a grand historical or allegorical subject; btit He
would observe en. peasant that he who-eopied na-
ture roost correctly in the exepution of a likeness
would be the most apt to succeed in the execution,
of a work of greater importance.    By referring
the decision of this matter tp the President, he
would most probably, before deciding, consult'
with gentlemen upon whose taste and judgment
every one would be willing to rely. • Washington
Alliston, of Boston, was one on whom lie would
entirely rely; and if he would say that the design
of Mr. Pérsico we* worthy of the abject for which
it was intended, he would be satisfied that after
generation* would speak of the work with the
same admiration that we- speak of the works- of
Michael Angelo.   Mr. P., after referring in term 
of disapprobation to the works in the rotendn'of
the Capitol, and particularly to the statue of Mr.
Jefferson, which had got there by some means or
other per fas, out nefas, said that he concurred
with his colleague in-wishing to reserve such,
works for native artists, if competent one* eouWL
be found; but if not, as expense should be ne
object, he would be willing to send to ThorwaJd-
sen for a suitable work.   He would rather (bet
said) have one such statue as that of Washing* *
by Canova, which had been destroyed in the eon"
flagration of the State-house at Raleigh, North
Carolina, than all the trash that cumbered and
disgraced the walls of the rotunda.   He wished,
it to be distinctly understood, that ia all besajdi
«othing disparaging to Mr. Persic©, whosetaient*
were acknowledged en all hand*.   All he wished
was, that the decision of this matter should be
left to the proper department «of the Government,
without saying that this particular design should
be executed, or this particular artist employed, to
the exclusion of all other*.   He  therefore re-
newed hi* motion.                         ,      , •      ,, ,:a
Mr. CLAY said the Senator from South Caro*
lina regarded this as a more serious matter -taran
he could.   When he heard the remarks of that
Senator, from the manner in which he hod «x-
, hihited bis taste and knowledge of the art of soojp~
ture, he felt as if he wished the wholej matter
' submitted to him exclusively.   Mr¿ Pergjcoiwa 
well known as,a superior artist, and Mr- Greet
nougli was already employed by the Government
todo an important work. To refer it to the Presi-
dent was a mere shifting of the regponaibility,
from Congress* to the President. If *goodpainter
could be a good judge of sculpture, they would'
have enough to counsel with; or if a. good orator
was a good judge ef sculpture, he.believed there
were several of them on. the Committee of Fi-
nance.   But really he thought there wa  too much
importance attached to this matter; and if the.
President should refuse to take the responsibility
of contracting for these groups, it would then be
time enough for them to take it upon themselves,
-,Mr. CALHOUN was of opinio  that-they
Should reserve such matter* for,native artist  
many of whom were highly-distinguished.  The,
very tact being known that they, had «pen. work*,
in  reservation for native talent, would -hex  a
powerful kiáftence in stimulating their exertions
to-attain excellence in their professions,   ... .B;.,
After a few remarks from Mr. DAVIS,    „.,-,-,
,Mr. CLAYTON «aid^ that whenever Mr, <$re*5
bough, or any native artisa, should pressn^biayt
•elf with such a design as that presented by Mr.
Pérsico, be would most cheerfi&y ▼«& *• geni a*
to * «emmitte* .f<w,^naider#tio «.^^:.dio..l Qt
eorisidti! the voting fiar this, rMoJatto ;** voting
to contract ft>r the gronp e/etatw *i it wa* only
