408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aprü 28,
a resolution of inquiry, and he would therefore
vote for it.                                                         ,
The question was then taken on Mr. Preston s
amendment, which was rejected; after which,
Mr. Bi-chaxan's resolution was agreed to.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the select committee
appointed to inquire what alterations are neces-
sary in the patent laws, made a voluminous re-
port thereon, accompanied by abill to reorganize
the Patent Office, and make it a distinct depart-
ment of the Government, and to alter and amend
the patent laws.
The report and bill having been read, the bill
was ordered to a second reading; and, on motion
of Mr. CLAYTON, three thousand each of the
report and bill were ordered to be printed.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL, ETC.
The bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the vear 1836; and
The bill making additional appropriations for
the suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida,
were severally read the third time and passed.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to distribute for a limited time the net
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States, and to grant lands to certain States,
came up on its third reading; when
Mr. NILES addressed the Senate in a speech
of great length, force, and argument, in opposi-
tion to the bill; after which,
Mr. BENTON observed that, in reading over
the bill that morning as engrossed, he found that
the amendments made yesterday to the second
section, defining what the net proceeds of the
sales of the public lands were, did not apply to
the third section, where the same amendments
were equally necessary. He therefore moved
to recommit the bill, for the purpose of having it
amended in that particular. At the same time
that he made this motion, he would inform the
Senate that there were four gentlemen, including
himself  desirous of being heard in opposition to
the bill; the manner in which it had been carried
through yesterday having prevented them from
addressing the Senate on it. If the Senate refused
the motion, these gentlemen were determined to
speak to-day; and he, for one, would speak if
the sun rose and set on their session. He did
Hot mean to let this bill go off without making his
sentiments with regard to it known to the Amer-
ican people. If the recommitment was ordered,
the bid would be reported to-morrow, and gentle-
men would have an opportunity of then being
heard on it; otherwise, they must speak to-day.
Mr. EWING hoped the motion to recommit
would not prevail, as the proposed amendment
wrs altogether unnecessary. The designation
m the second section of the current items of ex-
penses to be deducted from the sales of the year,
would be sufficient information to the Department
as to what Congress meant by the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, and by it
they would know the principles on which they
were to make up the accounts.
Mr. MORRIS had discovered, on reading the
bill, the same objections to it that had been men-
tioned by the Senator from Missouri; but, being
altogether opposed to the bill in principle, he did
not think it necessary to refer to them.   He had
very little concern with the details of the bill, and
thought that those gentlemen  who,  like him,
were opposed to it in principle need not care for
them.    He  should, however, be pleased if the
motion of the Senator from Missouri prevailed,
in order that those gentlemen who intended to
address the Senate might have an opportunity of
examining it, as it was now very different from
the printed' bill as it came from the committee.
It was with great reluctance that he everintruded
on the time of the Senate, but he was so situated
that he was compelled to address them on this
occasion; indeed, he could not refrain from doing
so without violating what he considered to be an
imperious sense of dttty.   How long it would
take him to express his sentiments on this subject
he could not say—probably not long; and h*
hoped the Senate would indulge him, as well a*
thero gentlemen, by a postponement.  There had
been no hurrying of this bill until last evening,
and be did not see any necessity for passing it
that evening. If the objections of the Senator
from Missouri had any weight, the bill ought to
be recommitted; and he would suggest to its
friends, whether it would not be better to make
it so plain that nothing should be left to inference
in the Departments?
The question was here taken on Mr. Benton's
motion; and it was rejected.
Mr. MORRIS then moved that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was decided in the negative—yeas
20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthbrrt, Ewinjf of
Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, Km? of Alabama, King of
Georgui, Linn, Morns, Nicholas, Niles, Rives, Robinson,
Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, VValkei. and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Critten-
den, D;ivis, Ewing of Ohio. Gold~borough. Hendricks. Kent,
Knight,Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Naudain. Porter,
Premise, llobbins, Southard, Swill, Totiihuson, Webster,
and White—24.
Mr. PORTER then observed that he would
make a compromise with gentlemen opposed to
the bill. If they would agree that the final ques-
tion should be taken to-morrow, he would move
to adjourn, and he hoped his friends on his side
of the House would agree to it. He did not wish
to compel gentlemen to speak at that late hour;
and his friend from Missouri, as well as every
member of the Senate, must see that the delaying
of this bill delayed other important busines which
was suffering by the delay. He, for one, was.
determined that this bill should have precedence
of all others.
Mr. BENTON said he fully appreciated the
sentiments expressed by the Senator from Louis-
iana, but he could make no compromise. He
was determined to speak on that bill before it
passed.
Mr. MORRIS said he would much prefer ad-
dressing the Senate to-morrow than at that late
hour. His address would not probably occupy
a lon£ time; and, if the Senate would agree to
adjourn, he would agree that the final question
should be taken to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 28, 1836.
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, rose and
remarked that, not seeing the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Dhomgoole] in his seat, he would
move to take up the resolution submitted by that
gentleman calling on the Treasury Department
for certain information in reference to the deposit
of the public moneys, and the amendment thereto
offered by another gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise.]
Mr. P. thought it was due to the Secretary of
the Treasury, and to themselves, that this reso-
lution should be taken up and disposed of.
,     Objection being made,
| Mr. PIERCE moved to suspend the rules;
whir!i was agreed to—ayes 103, noes not counted.
1 The resolution was then read; the question
'< pending being the amendment of Mr. Wise, as
, modified at the suggestion of Mr. Calhoun, of
| Massachusetts, proposing also to raise a select
! committee to inquire into the various subjects
Í connected with the deposit of public moneys in
j certain local banks.
i Mr. BOND, who had spoken on two former
days, addressed the House for the third time on
the subjects embraced in the resolution. The na-
! tion found itself in possession of about $37,000,000,
I all of which was in the hands of the deposit banks,
( which moneys, he contended, were unsafe in
those institutions, because the banks were not
sufficiently responsible to the Government for
those moneys, and because of the small capitals
of those banks. He alluded to the communica-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury about the
time the deposits were removed, in which it was
stated that the domestic exchanges would be im-
proved by that removal, and to the circular of the
Clinton Bank of Columbus, a young institution
with a smaller capital than many others in that
region of country, which refused to take the notes
of specie-paying banks in its own neighborhood,
and received those of distant banks; which (he
argued) would have the tendency of deranging
the exchanges. This system (he said) would
have the effect of compellingthose who had money
to pay for public lands to get their moneys shaved
by brokers, for the purpose of getting moneys
which this bank would receive. The deposit
banks might transfer moneys to those brokers,
which could be used for the purpose of shaving.
When our moneys were in this uncertain state,
he did not think gentlemen ought to sit and fold
their arms, and not go into an examination of the
condition of those moneys. If the investigation
was not now gone into, it would give the guarantee
to those banks that an investigation never would
be had, and, in consequence of this, they would
go on in their speculations; and he feared that by
next December they should have an account of
empty boxes. He asserted, without fear of con-
tradiction, that many of the deposit banks were
not able to repay the money to the Government
which they were intrusted with, and pay the debts
duo their creditors. It was, to be sure, asserted
that tne banks had four dollars to one to pay their
Government deposits with; but it must be recol-
lected there were other creditors to be paid besides
the Government. He alluded to the agent of the
deposit banks, and asked, if he was not an agent
of the Government, why it was that he had a
room in the building occupied by the Treasury
Department? This he did not consider proper,
ana contended that no individual should be allowed
to have an office in the same building with the
Treasury Department who was not connected
with it, and responsible to the head of that De-
partment. He went into an examination to show
the amount of moneys the Government had lost
by local banks, and argued that the same result
might again be expected.
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire. Mr.
Speaker, I do not propose to discuss the deposit
question, though there are few more fruitful sub-
jects, as experience has taught us, and none pre-
senting more ample materials with less of laborious
research. What power Congress possesses over
the deposit banks—whether they are safe or un-
safe—whether they constitute a United States
bank, to all intents and purposes, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Calhoun] alleges
—and whether that is to be made an objection to
them, in a certain epiarter, as depositories of the
public moneys—are questions which will very
properly come under our consideration when the
bill upon your tabic, for which a special day has
been assigned, shall be taken up. At present,
the question legitimately before the House appears
to me to be, what is the appropriate and judicious
mode of seeking the information contemplated
alike by the original resolution presented by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromc«m>i.f.,] and
the amendment proposed by his honorable col-
league ? [Mr. Wise.] To this question, sir, I
should have confined myself exclusively, but for
certain extraordinary assertions and grave charges
which have been preferred against the Secretary
of the Treasury; and to repel even these may
be regarded as the work of supererogation; for
in this country there is, fortunately, so much
intelligence—the avenues to correct information,
, open to all, are so multiplied and various—thai
no Administration, and no public officer, can suffer
long or seriously in consequence of mere bold,
sweeping denunciation. And he who expects to-
make a successful attack with such weapons
alone does great injustice to the character of thft
yeomanry of this country, in whose hands are-
its destinies. They are watchful of their public
servants—jealous, if you please—-but they are at
the same time just. They are not convinced, and
they eannot be alarmed, by mere naked charges
They look beyond the charges to the evidence
upon which they are predicated, and so I trust
will this House do, before they adopt any new
and extraordinary courseof proceeding. Whether
Mr. Whitney, whose name has so often been
introduced in the course of this debate, is the
«gent of a corporation, or any number of corpo-
rations—the agent of individuals, or no agent at
all-—is to me an affair of perfect indifference. If
he is not a publie officer, or in the pay of the
Government—>and I understand that neither is the
fact—the nature of hi* agencies, if such he have,
and the compensation he may receive for hie
