l8S0rm/
TWEEOQOl

GDOHEi
40 
.an matter  int  which I have aa little
eunosityaarightto inquire. Whether he occupies
a room in the block of buildingaa portion of which
ia rented for the accommodation of the Treasury
Department, or a room on the opposite aids of
the avenue, are questions ia which the House can
feel no possible interest, however much geathv
men may attempt to snake of it in debate.
But there aro other subjects, as the gentleman
from Ohio justly observed, of the highest import-
anee. For instance, if the Secretary of the Tress 
wry, or any agent of the Department, by his order,
or with his approbation, has adopted a new rule,
with regard to what money sfasll be received'fur
public dues, operating injuriously upon say par*
tien of the country, it deserves prompt consider*
atton; the cause of the change sbsaald be inquired
into without delay. This ohnrge the gentkmaa
from Ohio [Mr. Bown} has distinctly made. 11
shall not, in replying, retort the harsh term the
gentleman has thought proper to apply-to the
Secretary, hot I will pronounce his position erro-
neous, and assert that the terms, in this respect,
have never been more liberal, except during the
suspension of specie payments, than since the
removal of the deposits from the United States
Bank. The same construction-has been given to
the laws relating to this subject from the days' of
Hamilton's administration to the present time.
That the gentleman's complaint, in this particu-
lar^ is unreasonable and without any foundation,
is shown conclusively by a report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, read in the Senate on Tuesday
last; and I wiH not take up the time of the House
by pursuing & proposition which, in that report,
is clearly demonstrated. I thank the gentleman,
Mr. Speaker, for having called the attention of
the House particularly to the deposit bank of the
State which I have the honor ih part to represent—
the Commercial Bank at Portsmouth, which the
gentleman denominates, I suppose by way. of
eminence," the tpeciaipet t  particular oftki Sec-
retary of the Treasury, {tow, a moment's exam-
ination will show what constitutes, in the gentle-
man's estimation, ** a special pet in particular."
dn the 18th or the present month, there Was on
deposit in the Commercial Bank: at Portsmouth
§119,713, out of which the pensions of the State,
your appropriations for the navy-yard at that
place, and all other expenditures accruing there,
are-to be paid. At the same date there was on
deposit in die «hy of Cincinnati alone more than
two millions of dollars.
Mr. BOND. The Commercial Bank at Cin-
cinnati, by what authority I know not, has
established an agency at Su Louis, Missoari,
sad much the greatest past of* the public deposit
held by that bank is at this agency, and not in the
State of Ohio.
Mr. PIERCE resumed: It is quite immaterial
—the bank at Cincinnati is responsible for it.
There was on deposit ia the State of Ohio, at
the date before given, p^S5,)3e% which is more '
than quadruple the amount on deposit in New
Jersey and Delaware, and all the New England I
States together, with the exception of Massachu-
setts. Such, sir, is the evidence of favoritism on
the part of the Secretary, of which the gentleman
from Ohio complains; and he is at liberty to
make the most of it.
The Secretary, in his annual report, under the
head, "Deposite Banks and the Currency," says:
"The payments to «editora, officers, and pensioners
nave bees punctual and convenient; and the whole fiscal
operations through the Bute banks have, as ret, pored
highly satisfactory. Incidental to this, the facilities that
nave been furnished to the commercial community in
domestic exchanges were probably never greater, or at so
moderate rates."
This the gentleman does not hesitate to pro-
nounce false. I do not say this of his assertion,
bat will content myself with opposing to that
assertion facts, of Which he may dispose at his
misare. The deposit banks are required to state,
an the back of their semi-monthly returns, the
rates of exchange at the places where they are
located; and on the 18th of the present month
those returns show that, at the various points
where eOtftpiaint* have been made—«t New
Orleans, Mobile^Cincinnati, Baltimore, Philadel-
phia, and the; Atlantic cities- .ia ao instance ha* Í
exchange besa higher that), on  per centum, in
nasny a half and a quarter* and other  at par.
Mr- BOND. I «aid that.it waft stated ia a
newspaper, received yesterday from Cincinnati 
that the notsaof aH the Ohio banks out of the oity
were at a discount of four to five per centum; and
that a Mend of mine  now here,(bat who resides
ia Cincinnati,) had just informed me that ex-
change could not be had there, on Philadelphia
or New York, for less than one to one and a half
per centum, and that no considerable amount «an
be had at either of these rates. ■,
Mr. PIERCE. Undoubtedly; and the genue-
raan's friend has been no more unfortunate in
finding high ratea of exchange than individuáis
and the teeming press in other places. I do not
say that there is a panic-manufacturing •pint
abroad, but I fael bound to rely upon official
statements from the different points, ia preference,'
to the declaration of any individúalos any news*
paper paragraph. Decided exception has been
, taken to one of the arttelea «f agreement entered*
1 into between the Government and the deposit
banks.   It is in the following words:
« irate aatreauyaf the Treasury shall tsink properto
employ a* afeant or ajena te examine and report nam thn
accounts ana condition of the banks m tbe service of the
Government, or any of them, the said bank agrees to pay ah
equitable proportion of his or their expenso* and ctompan-'
aatna, according to soeh apportionment as may be made
by the said Secretory."
Is it not the duty of the Secretary, as a faithful
public officer, to make every provision which
prudence-cam suggest for the sa&'keepitrg of the
public moneys? Should he hold no control over
the-agents of his own appointment ? While the
banks consent to a stipulation of this kind, it is
difficult to conceive why the. representatives of
the people should object. Bat my object, in re-
ferring to this article, which is regarded with so
much «Wn, is chiefly to state that np agent has
ever been appointed by the present Secretary,
and that the power has beej* exercised only «a
two occasions since the withdrawal of the ,do-
poaitafrom the United States Bank, with neither
of which the, mysterious Mr. Whitney had any
connection; one of those agencies, which was to
examine into the conditio  of the Union Bank
at Ballisaore—suggestion  against its solvency
having been made during the t>4nio era—consisted,
of Mr. Reverdy Johnson, (Uieq, and I believe
now, a decided opponent of the present Adrain-
istration,)and Mr. Howard, of Baltimore. Abou,t
the same period, upon similar suggestions, Judge
Ellis, of Mississippi, was appointed to inquire
into the state of the Planters'Bank. These ore
the only occasions oa which the power has. been
i exercised.  •                      ,                   ,
Where, Mr. Speaker, is the evidence of induce-
ment on the part ef the present Secretary to con-
ceal aught from the public eye, as charged by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise;] or where-
is the evidence of the more extraordinary charge
of. the same gentleman, that the Secretary has
done it? Is it to be found in the document which
I hold in my hand, going fully aadminutely into
this subject, and showing where, and how, every
dollar of your public money was deposited at the
time ef its date t No, sir! No, sir! The Secreta-
' ry has not only given a specific and detailed state-
ment upon the subject, but he has more than once
appealed to you to take away his present broad
latitude of discretion, under which, without your
legislation, he is compelled to act; and that re-
quest is repeated in this very report. The Sec-
retary says:
"Ther Department is aware that, in the present overflow-
ing condition of «be Treasury, tbe regulation of these opera'
tions, with the selection ami superintendence of the de-
posit banks, fs a task of no small difficulty and delicacy;
and wh«n governed by a strict and uniform adherence to
sound principles, as has bee  attempted, must necessarily
lead to many disappointed applications. But m the absence
of that specific legislation on the subject, which has been,
and stUl is, earnestly requested, the Department has not'
hesitated (u te hoped faithfully) to discharge, and fraaWy
to expiáis, the duties, and the high and painful responsi-
bility which so much discretionary power has imposed."
'. I believe this high responsibility could hardly
be intrusted to abler or more faithful bands; bul
I would not have it rest even there. All I say is,
letus attend to our owr appropriate duties, before
we heap grave charges upon coordinate depart-
meatapf the Government. If the gentleman from
Virginia {Mr. Whs] was not misled himself,
his.remarks in relation to the report, ef which he
complains as not containing the whole truth, were
riMdiifesúy < hadaWlt smis^                  That
report was rat «onde by sha proseas 8s«atary,
but by ¿mother distinguished individual, who has
recently been appointed by the President and bis-
constitutional advisers—to. which body of consti->
tutional advisers that report was made—to a sit-
uation which, in point of dignity and high re-
sponsibility, is hardly inferior to that of the Chief
Magistracy itself. I could add nothing, if I were
disposed, to such a commentary upon the report
and the gentleman making it.
Mr. WISE explained. I was perfectly aware
that the report of 1835-'34, was made by Mr.
Taney, and net by the present Secretary; and'
what I said on the floor was, that Mr. Secretary
Woodbury had, "by authority," in the Globe<
adopted that answer or report as hisoWn at this-
time; and that answer is false, and Mr. Secretary
knew it to be false.                                   - -     T
Mr. PIERCE resumed. I am not here to dis-
cuss articles that may appear in the Globe, edito-
rial or otherwise. If the gentleman from Virginia
chooses to put the Globe upon the stand as a>
witness, and take all that witness shall say  I
certainly cannot object.
Mr. WISE. Wtll the gentleman from New
Hampshire deny that the Secretary did authorise
the publication of the article alluded to?
Mr. PIERCE. No-, sir , I will neither deny
nor admit that he gave such authority. I make no-
inquiries into the aatanrw* apon which tbe editor
of the Globe makes pabheetioas. He acts, 1
presume, upon his own -rasponsibility, as I do
upon mine.                              .,                         -i
Sir, the. change ia form which the gentleman
from Virginia proposes, inintroducing his amend-
ment, is a mere mockery. If adapted, you send
to the Secretary for certain infortnation; and you
say to him, at the same time, ".Sir, doubting you 
integrity, we send a committee to oversee yol,
aad see that you keep, nothing back I" Mr.
Speaker, if the House really believe that such a.
supervision is necessary, the manly way would
be to meet it atooce-t-not attempt to conceal their
doubts under so slight a veil of affected courtesy.
The gentleman front Virginia admitted, on *
former aceaataa, and «gain in his modsScarioi *
that the mode proposed by hit honorable oafc
league [Mr. Daaeteooxt)) is the ordinary course,
and.the one sanctioned by the nangas of this
House.
Mr. WISE.' I did not admit that the course
proposed by arty amendment would violate the
usage/ of this House; but I contended that usage
had been ceavphed with,andyif not oomplied with,
our experience of the Post Office derangement
should teach us to abolish it; and I changed the
form of my amendment to make it less obnoxious
to the previous question.
Mr. PIERCE resumed.   WeH, sir, it seems I
misunderstood the gentleman; but whether he
admitted it or not is of no consequence for the
purposes of my argument. I can appeal with con-
fidence to the experience of all gentlemen upon
this floor for confirmation of what I did under-
stand to be the gentleman's admission.   What 
then, would the gentleman propose ? Doeshe pro-
pose to change the usage generally, and instead,
of calling upon the heads of Department, wheri'*
information of public interest is desired, to insti-
tute a committee at once, with power to send for
persons and papers'?   No, sir; this would be pre-
posterous.   I ask gentlemen, then, upoh what
ground they propose to depart from the common,
usage in this particular instance ? Has the Seere-:
tary declined furnishing information called for,
either by the House or any individual member
of it?, Will any gentleman upon the floor declare,
that, within 1ms knowledge, inquiries at the De-
partment have been evaded, or desired informa*
tion withheld ?   Sir  I fearlessly assert that ««th -
ing of the kind has ever occurred;and caooatbut
regard the attacks which have been made upon
the Department as most extraordinary and un-
justifiable. Who has eve before beard, upon this
floor, the thead ef any; one of the Departments,
without any examination, and. without any evi-
dence spread- before the House, charged with a
foul connection wijth an individual t#defiw*d the
re venue of the Government ?   I believe it is with-
out a parallel.   ;                           ■     *
Mr..Speaker* I da. mot stand her  m the apolo-
