410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
gist of the Secretary of the Treasury; m his life, < I
he never needed anv man to appear for hire in ,
thatcharacter. The ability, the unünng industry,
and the fidelity with whicn hehas discharged the
duties of various lush and responsible trusts, aro
known to all men of all parties in this House,
and to the country. His character is elevated
above individual assault, and needs not individual
eulogium. His whole career, as a public officer,
challenges the most scrutinizing inquiry, and
stands forth its own sure and triumphant vindi-
cation.
If abuses exist in any Department of this Gov-
ernment, 1 am as anxious that they should be
exposed and punished as the gentleman from
Virginia can be. But the summary course pro-
posed by his amendment—the departure from the
common courtesy and established usages of this
House—would be a reflection upon the Secretary,
under which he ought not in justice to rest
while the examination shall be in progress, with-
out some specific and substantial reason. If the
ordinary course shall not prove successful—if the
original resolution shall not elicit the information,
and all the information needed, I, for one, will
cheerfully unite in raising a committee, with
plenary powers, for the most free and ample
investigation.
Laying aside all considerations of what is due
to the Department, will not this course prove
roost satisfactory to ourselves? Little time will
be lost; the call embraces few and simple inquiries,
which may be, and I venture to say will be,
promptly answered.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] has
charged upon the Secretary a reluctance to sub-
mit to an investigation, and contrasted his course
with that of Mr. Crawford and Mr. Hamilton on
former occasions. Where is the evidence of such
reluctance ? I fearlessly assert that there is no
repugnance on the part of the head of the Treas-
ury Department to any investigation the House
may choose to instance, by committee or other-
wise, into his conduct as a public officer, official
or unofficial; and the remarks I have submitted
have been prompted by no consideration of what
he would desire, but by a conviction of what is
due to justice and to ourselves.
Mr. GILLET obtained the floor; but
The CHAIR announced the arrival of the hour
for proceeding to the orders of the day.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a suspension of the
rules for this day for the purpose of proceeding
in the consideration of his resolution; which mo-
tion was lost—ayes 90, noes 55; two thirds not
voting therefor.                                                      I
ARMr APPROPRIATION BILL.                 !
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, and in l
further execution of the special order of the 26th
of January last, the House resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mason, of Virginia, in the chair,) and took
up the " bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Array for the year 1836."
There were two motions pending—the first by
Mr. Cambrelexg to amend the bill in the fol-
lowing clause: " for the armament of the forifica-
tions, §200,000," by striking out this sum and
inserting "$1,224,301."
The other motion was the following amend-
ment, submitted by Mr. Mercer:
Strike out t!ie whole clause, and insert:
For the purchase or construction of a foundery for ord
nance at such place a^ the Secretary of War. with the ap
probation of the President of the United States, may select,
and for defraying the expenses of conducting the operations
of such foundcry for one year, including the purchase of
necessary tools and material , the ¡-uin of--------hundred
thousand dollars; and that the further sum of-------hundred
thousand dollars, be appropriated to the purchase of ord-
nance tor immediate use.
The latter amendment was the one immediately
pending.
Mr. MOORE, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House at length. He commenced
by an examination of some of the positions laid
down by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Thompson,] in his speech on the Navy
appropriation bill, in reference to the laboring
portion of the community. Mr. M. said it was
idle to deny that the time was coming, and then
was, when the gulf between the Democracy and
the aristocracy would be widened, and its lines
distinctly marked out. He then entered into a
defense of the character of the laboring classes
from the aspersions cast upon them, that the rich
were in danger from their principles. He repelled
such a stigma with indignation. They were
friends of freedom, in favor of equality of polit-
ical franchise with reference to persons only, and
not to property, and opposed to monopolies of
all kinds. • Mr. M. dwelt at length upon the
various slanders and calumnies cast upon the
workingmen—the friends of Democracy and equal
rights, the real Democracy of the country—with
reference to the rights of property, agrarianism,
&c, all of which he examined and replied to.
The principles of the Democracy were really con-
servative—those of their opponents destructive.
Where there was one instance of the rights of
property having been invaded by the people,
there were five thousand where they had been
violated, disregarded,and trampled to the dust, by
the aristocracy. All history testified to this fact;
and he referred to the almost innumerable in-
stances of the ancient republics and kingdoms.
The history of the aristocracy, through all ages
of the world, was a continued series of rapine,
plunder, villany, and perfidy, without a single
ray of honor, virtue, or patriotism. After pro-
ceeding for about an hour, Mr. M. was compelled
to give way, without concluding, from physical
exhaustion.
Mr. BYNUM moved that the committee rise;
but withdrew it at the suggestion of
Mr. CAMBRELENG, who said a few words
in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, and hoped he would not then press
it, for its effect would be to retard the repairs of
the fortifications.
Mr. MERCER remarked, that his amendment
did not differ essentially from that of the gentle-
man from New York, and he was decidedly of
opinion that such a work as it contemplated ought
to be constructed. He was not opposed to the
proposition of the gentleman, and should prob-
ably go with him to the whole extent of the
$1,200,000; but he thought it right that the Gov-
ernment, following the examples of Great Britain
and France, should cast its own cannon instead
of providing it by contract.
Mr. McKEON was disposed to give the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Virginia all the
attention its importance demanded, but he did
not think that the proper place for it. He, how-
ever, should avail himself of that occasion to enter
at length into the discussion brought up by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] some of
whose charges he noticed and replied to. One
of those charges was in reference to the Govern-
ment press. He asked why it was that these at-
tacks had not heretofore been made by the same
gentleman upon other presses that had been con-
nected with the two Houses of Congress? and
he adverted to the extraordinary fact of gentle-
men heretofore, of opposite principles, now acting
together against the Administration. He denied
that the friends of the Administration were the
cause of the defeat of the proposed amendment to
the Constitution with reference to an election of
President by the House. At this very moment
such a mode of election was openly advocated
by man;' of the opposition presses in the North,
and it was the very principle on which they were
endeavoring to elect one of their many candi-
dates. He adverted to what Mr. Bell called
i " humbugs," viz: the Baltimore convention, and
1 the expunging resolution; the only answer to
which charge was, that they were the work of
the people. Mr. McK. dwelt at length upon
the policy of the present Administration, and
1 many of its leading measures, particularly with
regard to the Bank of the United States, our for-
eign diplomacy, extinction of the debt, removal
of the Indians, &c, in reply to the attack made
upon it by Mr. Bell, as being a corrupt one.
Mr. McK. was in favor of a general system of
defense, by four modes: fortifications, navy, in-
ternal communications, and the militia. These
should be constructed or provided on three great
points—our frontier bordering on the British
provinces, the west and southwest frontier, and
the maritime frontier. On these propositions he
dwelt at considerable length, and referred to a
variety of details and  statements drawn and
digested from the documents of the War Depart-
ment. He referred to the marine force and forti-
fications of Great Britain and France, and con-
trasted them with our own Navy and defenseless
frontiers. He went on to show that the various
recommendations for works of absolute necessity
for the public defense would more than absorb
all the surplus revenue for years to come. Those
of the War and Navy Departments involved an
amount of above a hundred millions, and there
were now about seven hundred bills before Con-
gress, seventy of which alone would require an
appropriation of upwards of $27,000,000. The
unappropriated balance in the Treasury at this
time was said to be #32,000,000. He then
reviewed the propositions to distribute the sur-
plus revenue, and pointed out the baneful tend-
ency and corrupting and demoralizing effects of
carrying such a scheme into effect. After pro-
ceeding at length on these topics, Mr. McK.
concluded, and
Mr. McCOMAS obtained the floor, and on
that gentleman's motion the committee rose and
reported.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year 1836, returned from the Sen-
ate with amendments, was, on motion of Mr.
Cambreleng, taken up, and the amendments
read.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that, as the amend-
i ments contained some original propositions, it
I was necessary that the bill should be committed
', to the Committee on Naval Affairs, as the new
subject ought to undergo their inquiry. These
were appropriations for a steam battery, for an
i exploring expedition to the South sea, and
$200,000 towards marine barracks, objects not
already provided for by law.    Mr. C. then made
i that motion.
! Mr. McKIM moved a reference of the bill and
amendments to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
t The question was taken on the first motion,
and was decided in the affirmative—ayes 83, noes
not counted; and it was accordingly referred to
, the Committee on Naval Affairs.
'                      PRINTING  DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PHILLIPS rose and requested thechair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
move to have  printed sundry communications
I Mr. P. understood to be in that gentleman's pos-
session, addressed to him officially from the War
Department, in relation to arming fortifications.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that they had
all been printed, with the exception of a letter he
had read to the House on yesterday. Mr. C.
then moved that thatdocumentbe printed; which
was agreed to.
. Mr. McKIM, on leave, submitted a motion to
print five thousand extra copies of the reports of
the Secretaries of War and of the Navy on the
subject of the public defense; which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement showing the quantity of
acres of the public lands unsold within the limits
of the several States and Territories; also the
number of acres appropriated for objects of inter-
nal improvement, education, &c. and the amount
of the cost of all the public lands acquired by the
Government; which was, on motion of Mr. Dr/N-
lap, referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 29, 1836.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of James
Jones, praying Congress to authorize the issuing
to him of a patent for some lands in Missouri;
which was referred to the Committee on Public-
Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom had been referred the petition of
sundry citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the
erection of anew custom'house, moved that the
