TH OON«RES8fONAIV ODOHK
411
comcaitow be diwaWged from ÜM faitiMireeenmi- I
eretron thereof, and that it be inferred to the ■
Committee on Commerce; which motion was \
«freed to.
Mr. W., from the samo committee, to whom
had been referred the bill from the House making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for die year 1836, re-
ported the same with amendments; which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported
also, without amendment, the bill from the House
providing fot the salaries of certain officers therein
named, and for other purposes, and gave notice '
that he should call up the above appropriation
bills on Tuesday next*                                      •    ■« •
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committer ow th* I
Judiciary, made an unfavorable report on the. pe- !
tition of Jeptha Wilkinson.                                      I
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported without amendment the bill
for the relief of Benedict Alford and Robert Pugh.
RESOLUTIONS   INTRODUCED.
lar. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and adopted:
JtasatMrf, That the President of the United States J  re-
quested to caiwe ttie Senate to be informed whether-any |
branch of the public service bag suffered, or is likely to
softer, any injury, loss, neglect, or delay tor want of timely
and adequate appropriations.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution; which lies on the table one day?
Resolved, Tint the Secretary of War be directed to canse '
a reconnoissance or survey to be made of the Manitowoc '
river, in the Territory of Wisconsin, from its mouth to the
Winnebago like; also a reconnoissance or survey of (he Fox
river, from Green Bay to the Wisconsin Portage, with a View
tolhéunpiuniueatof those rrrers.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following reeolu-
lution; which ties on the table one day:                  '
JteaoJwrf, That the Commtitee on Mflhary Affair* inquire '
into the expedwney of reporting a tall frr the payment to
North Carolina of certain sums OT money and interest paid
by cue State for the preaecatkm of the hue war with Great
Britain, «ad which have been disallowed at the Department;
and particularly for the purchase: let, of atnemnitioa, pow-
der, and flints, etc.. and «orrranaportatien-, 9d.,of efomtne, '
ate.; 3d., oTexpense  in repairmg thrts, He.; and lastly, for
the nay and «bástense of nulitta, and far sack) «uteres-
penditures as ate justly chargeable to the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:        , \
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed !
to inquire into the propriety of allowing to Captain William
BafiUof Madison county, Alabama, fifty-six dollars fot ese
Madrea and twelve pair of horse shoes furnished td a pan
of Ma}** Boesell's banalioa of General CofleCs brigade, hi '
the service of use United States daring the tas war.
RECONSIDERATION                          '
Mr. WEBSTER rose to move a reconsideration j
of the vote on agreeing to the resolution just sub- !
mitted by Mr. Bevton. It was an extraordinary
resolution, (he said,) and ought to take the usual
course of lying on the table one day. Had he been
in his seat when the vote was taken, he should
have opposed its consideration at that time.          ,
Mr. BENTON said he was willing to have the I
vote reconsidered, and for the resolution to lie one I
day. It was, he admitted, an extraordinary reso- ' i
lotion, but it was introduced on an extraordinary ! [
occasion. Here they were voting money to dis- ;
tribute among the States, while they refuse to,,
appropriate money for the expenditures of the ] \
Government, though it was known that the public I
service was suffering.                                               !'
Mr. WEBSTER said that he only wanted the ' |
resolution to take the usual course.                         11
The vote on adopting the resolution was then ' •
reconsidered, and the resolution lies on the table ' I
one day.                                                                                 I j
VERMONT MUJHA.                       ,'
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alaban , the bill to í!
provide for the payment of a regiment of VermosH |
militia, who served at the battle Of Plattsbuig,w*s i
taken up.                                                                    |
The bill (Mr. K. said]) had, in the absence of
some necessary information, which he believed
was now in the possession of the Senator from
Vermont, been laid on the table on his (Mr. K's)
motion, and it was for that reason that he moved
to take it up.
The bill was then taken up, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole; and after some
remarks front Mesera PRENTISS and GOLDS"
BOROUGH in its support, and from Mr, KING
of Alabama in Deposition to it, on the ground that
the evidence it contained was not sufficient, the \
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
HOVSE RESOLUTION REFERRED:
The resolution from the House to suspend from
sale certain lands acquired by the treaty of
Dancing Rabbit creek, was read twice, and
referred to tho Committee on Pubhc Lands.
PROCEEDS OF THÍ PUBLIC LANDS.          '
The bill to appropriate, for a limited time, the
net proceeds of the sale  of the > public land 
amoogtbe States, and to grant lands to the States,
came up em its third rcaciimn
Messrs. MORRIS, anil WALKER addressed'
the Senate in speeches of great length, force, and
argument, in opposition to the bill, having occu-
pied the floor until th* usual hour of adjournment.
The bill was then, by general consent, laid-on
table.
Mr. LINN rose to move that the Senate ad-
journ. He had no disposition (he said^ to delay
the vote on the land bill, but he hopea it would,
not be taken before Tuesday. The state of thft
northwestern frontier was such that he wisher!
to know what Congress would do for its protec-
tion, before the vote on the land bill was taken.
Mr. L. then withdrew his motion to adjourn, at
the request of
Mr. MORRIS, who moved that when the Sen-
ate adjourns, it-adjourn to meet on Tuesday next,
the House of Representatives having adjourned
over to that day,
Mr. HlLL called for the yeas and náys on
this motion; which were ordered; and the ques-
tion was decided in the negative by the following
vote:
YEAS-Mesar . Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert,
Ewiagof IliaoiSrEwing of Ohio, Gokbboroafb, 6run«y,
Leigh, SfeKena, Mangrina, Morris.Ndes, Preston, Robinson,
Bagaes, Shepléy, Swift, and Tallmadge—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Rnehanan, Calhoun,
Davis, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama,
King of. Georgia, Knajbt, loon, Naudatn, Nicholas, Porter,
Prentiss, Bobbins, Southard, Tomlmson, Walker, Webster,
White, and Wright—34.
Mr. RUGGLES moved that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. "BUCHANAN opposed the motion, and
called for the yeas and nays. They had arrived i
(he said) at a_ stage of tne session When they
had but little time to spare. They ought to act
speedily on the appropriation bills, for which
the public service was suffering.
Mr. Ruggles's motion was negatived—yeas
13, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mqssrs. Benton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Ewing of
Illinois, Goldsborough, Hendricks, McKean, Morris, Niles,
Preston, Robinson, ituggles, and Sheptey—13.
■NAYS—Mesan. Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
totij Davis, E«iu| of Ohio, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, Kent,
King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Linn,
Nandain) Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Kohbms,
Soothard, Swift. Tallmadge, Tomlinson, Walker. Webster,
Winks, and Wright—29,
Mr. Kw'lNG observed that, as several mem-
bers would be absent on Saturday and Monday,
hé would not call up the land bill until Tuesday
next.  "_____
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice to the Senate that
hewonld, on Monday, call up the bill to regulate
the deposits of the public money.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Frioav, Apñl 29,1836.
The Hon. Thomas J. Whittlesey, of Con-
necticut, ereetfcd té snpgly'lhe vacancy occasioned
bf the death of tile' Hoftv Zaímov Whams*,
appeared, w-aa qualified, and took hie seat.
j   ''   ' réVügées from te*as.                         . •
Mr. HUNTSMAN asked the consent of the
House; to Submit the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate ant Hone  / Representatisim of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of War he Instructed totalise to be issued
ratwuto such suffering families a  ace deatitwe of provis-
ions, who have been driven by the casualties of war within
the limits of the united States front the province of Texas,
an* who are remaining apon the borders «hereof, whore, in
his opsuea, he may think it prudent and necessary to pre-
vent said families from absolute suffering.
Objection beanv^irJssHlir. Ha-«bved to i
psasVtsjei rules ,rfbr the pwpose of (srmiting-'taei
resolution, with a view to having it kid on the
table and printed, intending to call it np next
week.
Mr. RIPLEY asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules; which were not
ordered.
The motion to suspend the rules was then neg-
atived without a count.
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to submit the.
following resolution:                                  ,               ',
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be
instructed to inquire into th* expediency and propriety of
this Government acknowledging and recognizing the inde-
pendence oFTexas.                                       r              t
Objection being made, Mr. W. moved to sus-
pend the rules, for trie purpose of offering the re* '
olution; Which was negatived.
, WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HA WES. asked the consent of the House
to submit a resolution, proposing, to set apart
Wednesday next, from twelve to one o'clock «for
the consideration of a resolution offered by him
on the 7th of January, proposing an inquiry into
the expediency of introducing a bill to reorgan-
ize the West Point Academy.
Objection being made, Mr. H. moved to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose stated; which was
not carried. •
SUSPENSION OT LAND SALES.
Mr. SELL, from" the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the following joint resolution:
A resolution, to suspend the, sale of a part pf the. public,
.lands acquired by the treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek.
Resolved !ty the Stnáti end House of Representatives of
tie United States ofJSmeriea in Congress assembled, That so
much, of the pnMio lands acquired by die treaty concluded
with the Choctaw nation of Indians, at Dancing Kabbil
creek, qn the 28tb Of September, 1830, as has been con-
ditionally or otherwise located by the locating agent of the
United States, to persons claiming reservations under the
fourteenth article of said treaty, be withheld from public
sale until the further order of Congress.                            ,
.Mr. B. adverted to the importance of the res-
oluxion.and the necessity for speedy action uponh
it.. The,resolution had received the upamraoua
assent of the, «ommittea, and, there was a like,
unanimity as to the remedy which, should ultin
matcly be (adopte*!. He moved that the resolu-
tion be «on id«*«dtaUiBit time; which was agreed*
to.
After a word or twopf «xpleBaiion by Messrs.
SEVIER and- BELL, the resolution was read tho
second and third times, and passed.
OFFICERS, ECT., OF THE LATE WAR.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary ef War be directed to coaf-
muincate to this House the number of officers, non-com-
missioned officers, and soldiers of the organized militiamen,
mounted militiamen, volunteer , and rangers, who enteren
the service of the United States under the several acts of
Congress providing for the defense of the conntry during
the late war with Great Britain, and were regularly dis-
charged ; distinguishing the different description of corps,
lane when they respectively entered the service, and term
of oonunuancetherein; and also distinguishing the num-
ber of tliose iviio were .entitled, under the laws of Congress,
to a bounty of lands from the United States by reason of
such service, from those to whom no snch bounty waihrom-
lsed by law.
REPORTS ÍR.OM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTL^SÍÍ^, of Ohio, from the com-
mittee  on Claims, made adverse reports upon   •
various petitions; which were laid .on the table,
and ordered, to be printed1.        ,
PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE*'
Mr. W. B. SHEPAltD, ftem th ? Coénrriifee
for tW TWstiict of Columbia, reported thefolfow^
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be
directed'to have the «Wst scraped from Pennsylvania ate-
nué, between the Capital and the .President's square, and)
that part Of the avenue wateced during the aeaasoe of Can-
gross.
Mr. ÍÍAWES opposed the resolution. He con-
sidered it -a new way.pf getting resolutions, before
the House, for agentlemai^to attempten one day
to gerin a. reoolutipn, nnd failing in that, on the
