4V>
THE CONGRESSIONAL CtfXXBE.
April 30,
next dav to have it reported from a committee. !
He called for the veas and nays on the passage |
of the resolution; 'which were not ordered.
Mr. HARPER did not think that the avenue
could be kept watered from the Capitol to the
President's house, in warm dry weather, by fifty
men, and he c-nsidered the money would be
completely thrown away.
Mr. PARKER said there was no provision for
paving the expense to be incurred by the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings. If it involved an
appropriation, it ought to be considered in com-
mittee; and if it was to come out of the contingent
fund of the House it ought to go to the commit-
tee which had charge of that subject. He was,
however, opposed to the resolution.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD said it was a small
matter, and he sliould not have said a word, was
it not to correct a mistake of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Hawes.] The resolution was
not reported at the request of the gentleman who
had offered a similar one on a former day. He
was not in the Hall at the time that resolution
was proposed to be submitted; but the resolution
had been reported in consequence of suggestions
from a number of members of the House to the
Committee on the District. The same thing had
been done a few years ago, and the expense only
amounted to one hundred and forty dollars.
Mr. BOULD1N said he was a member of that
committee, though recently put on it. He knew
but little of the duties of the committee. He
knew that the Pennsylvania avenue was made by
Congress, and was a mmanoe in summer, and
not far short of it in winter, and he thought it
ought to be remedied as far as well could be. He
thought we might, at least prevent the mischief
while wc were here, and contributed so much to
raise the dust. Congress, no doubt, made it with
the best of intentions, but the stone was bad,and
the street was a nuisance, and we ought to remedy
it as far as we weH could.
Mr. DR0MG00LE wished to know whether
it was competent for the House to instruct the
Commissioner of Public Buildings to incur this
expélase ?
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD read to the House the
duties of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
and stated that the samo thing had been required
of the Commissioner heretofore, and he made no
objection to doing it.
Mr. BOULDIN said he understood that the
streets belonged to the United States, and the
superintendent had the management of the whole.
Mr. LANE said the United States had exclu-
sive jurisdiction over this subject. They had put
the avenue in a situation very uncomfortable to
the officers of the-Government, as well as citizens,
to travel upon, and it was almost impossible to
pass it in a windy, dry day. The dust was con-
sidered injurious to the lungs and eyes; and as
the street belonged to the Government be con-
sidered they ought to have it cleared of dust.
Mr. BOON said, if this was a nuisance created
by Congress, they ought to extend the removing
of it beyond the sitting of Congress, and not have
it merely for the benefit of members during the
session.
Mr. BOULDIN said that, if the gentleman
thought the dust ought to be kept on the whole
year, perhaps he was right. We found it diffi-
cult to get it done for the time we were here. If
this House, without the Senate, could not appro-
priate the money, let the resolution be joint.
Mr. PARKER moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and on that motion called for the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table; which motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. MANN said, when the avenue was cleaned
a few years ago, the top was only scraped oil",
and gentlemen had as much dust blowing in their
eyes afterwards as they had before. He thought,
if it was to be cleaned at all, it ought to be swept,
so as to remove the dust entirely.
Mr. BOON moved an amendment, as follows:
That the watering should be continued during the dusty
reason.
The question was then taken on Mr. Boon' 
amendment; which was disagreed to. ■
After ciome further remarks by Mr. HAWES
in opposition to the passage of the resolution, he i
moved to refer it to the Committee on Account*, i
Mr. LANE made some further remarks in
support of the resolution; and Mr. HAWES in
opposition thereto; when
Mr. VINTON called fortheorders of the day.
ARUNDEL MANUSCRIPTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States; which was referred to the Joint
Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed:
WisnisaTOJ, Jtpril 99,1836.
7\> the Senate and House of Representatives .-
It affords me pleasure to transmit to Congress a copy of i
the catalogue of the Arundel Manuscripts in the British
Museum, which has been forwarded to me, as will be per-
ceived from the inclosed letter, on behalf of the trustees of
that institution, for the purpose of bein? placed in tbe
United States Library.               ANDEEW JACKSON.
BILLS PASSED.                             \
The following bills were read the third time,
and passed:
1     A bill for the relief of Robert Murray;
)     A bill for the relief of the heirs of J ohn Bra-
' ham, late receiverof public moneys atHuntsville, .
Alabama;                                                               '
A bill for the relief of Nancy Haggart; and      ¡
A bill for the relief of James Trumbull.
A bill for the relief of Michael Thornton was \
read the third time, and discussed at some length
by various members, when, without taking the
question on the passage of the bill,
Mr. MANN,of New York, moved an adjourn-
ment, which was carried; and
The. House adjourned until Tuesday next, at
ten o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jpril 30,1836.
\     Mr. LINN presented the petition of Augustus
Jones, of Missouri, on behalf of the Washington
j Turnpike Company, for two hundred feet of the
! public lands on each side of a road about being
!  made from Caledonia to the Mississippi river;
¡ which was referred to the Committee on Roads
!  and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
i     Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of a
delegation of the Cherokee Indians, praying the
interposition of Congress to procure justice to
them from the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
¡     Also, the petition of sundry citizens of New
, ■ Jersey, remonstrating against the admission of
Arkansas into the Union while its constitution
i i recognizes slavery; which was laid on the table.
!     Mr. HENDRICKS presented'the memorial of
; the Trustees and Faculty of Hanover College, in ;
the State of Indiana, representing that the state
of our national prosperity justifies them in urging
; the claims of our colleges generally,and especially
of their own institution, which is a manual labor
college, upon the means and the bounty of the
General Government; that it is now in the power
of Congress, with scarcely a sensible diminution
of the Treasury, to relieve every college in our
country from pecuniary embarrassment; and they
pray that a portion of the public lands be appro-
priated in aid of the incorporated colleges in the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.                                  ;
[                REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
I       Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
i ciary, reported a bill for the relief of George F.
;\ Strothcr; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.               I,
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, tbe Senate took
I up the bill to prohibit the circulation through the
;  mails of incendiary pamphlets, when Mr. GRUN-
DY submitted, by way of amendment, a substi- j
tute for the whole bill.                                           1
The amendment wasordered tobe printed; and i1
i   the bill was laid on the table.                                '
lj                              RESOLUTIONS.                               j
II       Mr. WHITE suhmitted the following resolu- !
I tion; which lies on the table one day:                     ¡
Remtred, That whereas, on the 08th day of March, 1834, i1
the Senate of the Fnited States adopted a resolution in the ;!
words following, to wit:                                                    ' ¡
«Rctolved, That the President, in the lata executive pro-
ceeding in relation to the public revenue, has assumed
upon himself authority and power not conferred by the
Constitution and laws, but in deiog.ition of both:"
And whereas, upon the question whether said resola-
tion should be adopted, it was desired by one fifth of the
Senators present that the same should be taken by yeas
and nays, and the votes of the several members now stand
recorded on the Journal of the Senate : And whereas, the
said resolution still remains on the Journal of the Senate
in full force, not rescinded, reversed, repealed, or annulled,
and cannot now be expunged, canceleu, jr in any manner
obliterated or defaced, without violating that clause of the
Constitution of the United States which is in the following
words, to witi "Each House shall keep a Journal of its
proceedings, aud from time to tune publish the same, ex-
cepting such parts as may m their judgment,require se-
crecy; and the yeas and nays of either Iloiue, on any ques-
tion, shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be
entered on the Journal:" And whereas each Senator, be-
fore taking his seat, was bound K> take, and did take, an
oath to support said Constitution: And whereas,the Presi-
dentof the united States, in the late executive proceeding
in relation to the public revenue, alluded to in said resolu-
tion, did not, in the opinion of this Senate, assume upon
himself authority and powers not conforred upon huii by
the Constitution and laws: Therefore,
It is resolved, That the said resolution, and the opinion
therein expressed, be, aud the same hereby are, rescinded,
reversed, and annulled; and it is hereby declared that tbe
said resolution ought not to be considered as having had, or
as now or hereafter having, any force or effect whatever.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
a remedy for the evils which have occurred by the destruc-
tion, by the recent calamitous fire in HuntsviUe, of all the
important records of the district court of the United States
for the northern district of Alabama; and also into the ex-
pediency of making an appropriation to aid the county of
Madison, now projecting public buildings for the county,
to provide suitable apartments for the accommodation of
i the said district court of the United States.
Mr. ROBBINS laid on the table a resolution
directing the Committee on the Library to inquire
into the expediency of purchasing . ■ ■. copies
of a map of the seat of war in Florida.
PATENT TO A BRITISH SUBJECT.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the bill granting
a patent right to John Howard Ryan, a subject
of the King of Great Britain, for his discovery or
invention for preserving vegetable substances
from decay, was taken up; and the bill having
been amended by a provision granting patents to
William Patterson and Elias Carter, also subjects
of the same sovereign, was ordered to a third
reading-.
BEQUEST OF JAMES SMITHSON.
Oh motion of Mr. PRESTON, the Senate took
up the bill authorizing the President of the United
States to appoint an agent or agents to prose-
cute and receive from the British court of chan-
cery the legacy bequeathed to the United States
by the late James Smithson, of London, for the
purpose of establishing at Washington city an
institution for the increase of knowledge among
men, to be called the Smithsonian University.
Mr. PRESTON said, that by this will it was
intended that this Government sliould become the
beneficiaries, of this legacy; and contended that
if they had not the competence to receive it by
the Constitution, the act of no individual could
confer the power on them to do so. He claimed
that they had not the power to receive the money
for national objects; and if so, the expending it
for another object was a still higher power. He
controverted the position that if they could not
receive it as the beneficiary legatee/they might
receive it as the fiduciary agent. If they had not
the power to establish a university without the
power conferred on them by a grant, they could
not have it with the grant; or what they could
not exercise directly, they could not exercise as
trustee. He referred to a report made by Mr.
Adams, in the House of Representatives, in which
the genealogy of Mr. Smith son was given, and
traced through the line of the illustrious Percy 
and Seymours of England. He thought this do-
nation liad been partly made with a view to im-
mortalize the donor, and that it was too cheap a
way of conferring immortality. There was dan-
gerof their imaginations being run away with by
the asaoeiations of Cheyy Chase ballads, &c,
and he had no idea of this District being used as
a fulcrum to raise foreigners to immortality, by
getting Congress, as tbe parent patria of tie Dis-
trict of Columbra, to accept donations from them.
