414
3*HB CONGRESSIONAL «GLOBE.
May 2,
IN SENATE.
Mondat, May % 1836.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Secretary of State in answer to a resolution
of the Senate, inquiring from the several heads
of the Departments whether in their opinions
the compensation of the clerks in the public offices
ought to be increased. The communication from
the5 Secretary of State recommends the increase
of the salary of the clerks in his office.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Secretary of the Navy in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate, containing all the information
in possession of the Department relative to the
Dry Tortugas; which was referred to Committee
on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of Cap-
tain Charles G. Ridgely, of the United States
Navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. RIVES presented the memorial of Captain
Lewis Warrington, of the United States Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Connecticut, praying for an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Darien; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented several
petitions, one of which was the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Illinois, praying for the establish-
ment of a post route; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented the memorial
of sundry citizens of Columbiana county, Ohio,
remonstrating against the admission of Arkansas
into the Union with the clause in her constitution
recognizing slavery; which was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of the
President and Trustees of East Tennessee Col-
lege, praying for a grant of lands; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
FOREIGN PAUPERS.
Mr. DAVIS presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, instructing their
Senators, and requesting their Representatives, to
use their endeavors to obtain some legislation
from Congress to prevent the introduction of
foreign paupers into the country.
Mr. D. said this was a matter of so much con-
sequence as to call for the interposition ef the
Legislature of Massachusetts in memoraiizing
Congress. Mr. L>. adverted to the vast amount
of pauperism in Europe, and especially in Eng-
land and Wales. In 1833, under a commission
to ascertain the extent of it, evidence was col-
lected by sub-commissioners, which was in pos-
session of this Government, and to which Sena-
tors could have access, which filled some ten or
twelve large folio volumes. That evidence proved
that the pauperism in that country was debased
and demoralized; and he was sorry to say that
in that portion of the country in which he lived
it bore some resemblance to it. In making a scale
of allowance for their support, they allowed to
married a larger sum for their support than to
unmarried persons, which had led to the forma-
tion of such unnatural marriages as were never
heard of, for the purpose of obtaining these greater
allowances; and also, because persons who had
children were allowed a greater sum on that ac-
count it had led to unprecedented debauchment.
Tlese paupers would actually laugh to scorn per-
sons who labored to procure an honest livelihood,
and tauntingly tell them they were slaves of their
own accord; and in that way had actually seduced
persons to abandon theirhonestpursuits,and give
themselves up to idleness. The demands of pau-
perism were so great in one parish-, that all the
pro/its of the lands within it were swallowed up,
and the landholders actually abandoned their
lands. The evils of pauperism were not alone
confined to pecuniary ¡ burdens, but exposure to
the consequences of malicious mischief was mat-
• ter of serious alarm. Under this state of things,
At was natural that some sort of relief should be
sought for against this disease, which was prey-
ing upon the body politic; and some of the land-
holders had sought relief through voluntary emi-
gration by placing funds in the hands of these
paupers, to induce them to emigrate to this coun-
try; and there was now a proposition before
the Parliament of Great Britain to send off the
vicious and worst kind of them to some point on
this continent. Some of these paupers had arrived
in Boston, and no sooner did they arrive there,
than they betook themselves to their old habits
of idleness, and became the tenants of a poor-
house, and, in some instances, the money pro-
vided them to induce them to emigrate had been
actually found on their persons after being put
into the poor-house, and with which they were
in the habit of purchasing nick-nacks.
In Boston it was ascertained, that out of five
hundred and sixty-seven paupers five hundred
and sixteen of them were foreigners; and in New
York he understood there was a like proportion.
He would therefore ask, if it was proper for the
Parliament of Great Britain to legislate her pau-
pers out of her jurisdiction, and shift them on to
us ?   If they had a right to do so, we had a right
to counteract it.    They not only put the burden
on us of maintaining their paupers, but threw [
among us  a most corrupting influence.     His ¡
object in making these remarks at present was
with a view to call the attention of Congress and i
the country to the subject.
JAMES ALEXANDER AND IRA ALLEN.        j
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian |
Affairs, reported without amendment the bill for ,
the relief of James Alexander and Ira Allen.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.                      '
Mr. LTNN moved to take up the bill to con-
tinue the Cumberland road from the Mississippi
river to the western boundary of Missouri, which
1 was agreed to; when
Mr. L. submitted the following amendment;
which was ordered to be printed, and the bill was
laid on the table:
Sec. — And he it further enacted, That there be, and is
hereby, granted to the State of Missouri, for the purpose of
aiding said State in making said road, a quantity of land
equal to one half of five sections in width on each side of
said road between the Mississippi river to the point where
the road commences, laid out by the United States, from
the western boundary of Missouri to the Mexican line, so
far as the same shall be located through the public land, and
reserving each alternate section or parts of section of the
land unsold to the United States, to be selected by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, under the direction
of the President of the United States; and which land so
reserved to the United States shall not be «old for less than
two dollars and fifty cents pei acre; the said land hereby
granted to the State of Missouri to be subject to the dispo-
sal of the Legislature of said State for the purpose afore-
said, and no other: Provided, That said road, when com-
pleted, shall be and forever remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the United States, free from
any toll or other charge whatever for any property of the
United States or persons in their service : And provided,
also, That the said road shall be commenced within five
years and completed within twenty years, o  the State shall
be bound to pay to the United States the amount of any
lands previously sold, and that the title to the purchasers
under the State shall be valid.
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That so soon as the
route of said road shall be located and agreed on by said
State, it shall be the duty of the Governor thereof, or such
other person or persons as may have been, or shall hereafter
be. authorized to superintend the construction of said road,
to examine and ascertain the particular lands to which the
said State will be entitled under the provisions of this act,
and report the same to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States.
Sec----And be it further enacted, That the State of Mis-
souri, under the authority of the Legislature thereof, after
the selection shall have been made as aforesaid, shall have
power to sell and convey the whole or any part of said
land, and to give a title in fee simple therefor to the pur- j
chaser thereof.
TOBACCO TRADE WITH FRANCE.     '
On motion of Mr. KENT, the resolution sub- '
mitted by him  some days ago, requesting the
■ President of the United States to open negoti-
| ations with the French Government for the pur- '
pose of placing our trade in tobacco on a better
footing, was taken up.                                           j
¡     Mr. K. said, he had been induced to offer the
I resolution just read, under the persuasion that the !
renewal of diplomatic intercourse between the ¡
two countries would be an auspicious moment to i
attempt to place our trade with France upon a
footing of greater reciprocity than existed at pres-
ent, in his estimation, especially as regarded the
article of tobacco, which, in amount shipped to '
foreign countries, exceeded that of any otheragri- !
cultural product except cotton.   We were im-
Corting very freely, indeed, the silks, wines, and
randies from France at this time, almost free of
duty; our trade in those articles was every day
increasing, and low as the duties were at present,
they would, under our existing laws regulating
our tariff, be made still lower during the next four
years. Under these favorable circumstances, all
the productions of that country, at the head of
which were the articles he had mentioned, were
rapidly finding their way to us, and entering freely
into our daily consumption, whilst the products
of the United States sent to France in exchange
increase but in a small degree, except the articie
of cotton. Tobacco, the growth of this country,
was of a superior quality to that they were forced
to grow in France, in consequence of the high
duties imposed upon it; and could the Government
of that country be induced to reciprocate the lib-
eral spirit evinced on the part of the Government
of the United States in our commercial regula-
tions with her, and remove the restraints existing
under her laws upon our tobacco trade, which
were truly embarrassing and injurious to it, it
would prove mutually beneficial. France could
then advantageously discontinue its cultivation,
and more of her products suitable to our con-
sumption would be produced, and those much
more congenial to her soil, and the habits of her
people, than the cultivation of an inferior descrip-
tion of tobacco; whilst our citizens would be en-
couraged in their use by finding that, in doing so,
they were extending their market for an article,
the growth of which had been long familiar to
them, and which continues to employ a large
capital in its production.
Mr. K. presumed that more capital was en-
gaged at this time in the cultivation of tobacco
than was employed in producing sugar and rice
together.
In Austria the system of monopoly also ex-
isted similar to that prevailing in France at this
time. Under our existing commercial regulations
with that country, liberal in every respect but as
regards the article of tobacco, we rarely find a
hogshead from our country finding its way into
an Austrian port, and it had only but latterly oc-
curred that the enterprising tobacco dealers of
Bremen had been able to extend the quantity in-
troduced into that country to a few thousand
hogsheads.
In England, also, the duty was excessive. He
had submitted the resolution before the Senate,
and made these few remarks, that the attention
of the Executive Department of the Government
might be forcibly drawn to an important branch
of our trade at a moment when it appeared that
we were about to introduce, in the freest manner,
all foreign productions into our country. Com-
merce consisted in an exchange of commodities,
and unless those exchanges were reciprocal it
could not continue long, or to any extent, benefit
cially. During the last three years, so far as
our custom-house returns could be relied on as a
safe guide, our imports had exceeded our exports
between sixty-eight and sixty-nine millions of
dollars. He was aware that a large portion of
this apparent balance, during a prosperous con-
dition of our commerce, was absorbed by freight,
commissions, and profits; but let a reverse occur,
and our produce be sent to a declining market,
and this balance against our exports would be
no longer nominal; it would be real, and could only
be discharged by exporting our specie to pay it.
The resolution he had submitted referred to a
lucrative portion of our trade—one valuable from
its amount, as well as its importance to our ship-
ping interest. From its bulky character, it re-
quired a large proportion of tonnage to transport
it to market. Under these circumstances, he
hoped it would receive the sanction of the Senate
The resolution was then adopted.
VERMONT MILITIA—-¡-JAMESSMlTHSON.
The bill to provide for the payment of the Ver-
mont militia who served at the battle of Platts-
burg; and
The resolution authorizing the President of the
United States to appoint an agent to prosecute
and receive from the court of chancery of Eng-
land the legacy left to the United States by the
will of the late James Smithson, of London, for
