18*6/
THD OONtiKE88tONAfc ' GLGBB;
*m
ÜM parpase of founding the Smitbsonk  Uaiver-
sity; were severally read the third tin , and
passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were sevr
•rally read twice and referred:
The bill for the relief of Robert Muncy;
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
John Brahan: and
The bill foe the relief of Nancy Hazard.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.         '
The bill to regulate the deposits of the public
moneys was taken up as the order of tke day,
when
Mr. WRIGHT submitted an amendment to the
amendment submitted by him some days ago,
changing that amendment so fitfas to provide
that, whenever the money in the Treasury shall
amount to seven millions and upwards, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to in-
vest it in some stock of tie States of this Union,
bearing an interest of—per cent.
Mr. CALHOUN then submitted an amend-
ment, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT'Samendment wasthen ordered
to be printed, and the bill was laid on the table,
Mr. W. saying, in reply to a question asked by
Mr. C, that he would call it up at the earliest
opportunity that he could,'without interfering
with the appropriation bills.
IMPROVEMENT OF   HARBORS.               j
The bill for the improvement of certain hap- ;
bars, and for making certain surveys, was theft
taken up.
Mr. PORTER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting an appropriation for deepening the bar
at, and keeping dear the mouth of, the Mississippi
river.
■ After a debater in which Messrs. PORTER,
MANGUM,CALHOUN,DAVIS,LINN, EW-
ING, and TOMLINSON; took part,    '
Mr. CLAYTON moved to amend Mr. Pom-
tbr'í amendment by providing that the Secretary j
Of War shall first cause a survey to be made to ;
ascertain the practicability of the work, and the |
best mode of doing it; and if in his judgment the
object can be accomplished, he shall then apply
•%75,000 thus appropriated.                                       I
After some remarks from Messrs. DAVIS, j
BUCHANAN, PRESTON, SOUTHARD, and
CLAYTON, the amendment was agreed to.
-  Mr. WALKER moved further to amend the
bul by appropriating a sum not exceeding fifteen
hundred dollars for surveying* the channels of
•Pearl river and Pascagoula river,-in the State of
Mississippi, near the mouth of said river*, and
ascertaining whether the existing obstructions in
said channels «ah -be removed, and the probable !
expense of removing such obstructions.                 ' j
Aftersome-TemarFsfrm^ Messrs, CALHOUN J;
PRESTON, DAVIS, WALKER, and KING of \:
Alabama, Mr. WiLtta's amendment was re-
jected—Jyeas 14, nays 30; as follows!     '1              t i
TEAS—Means. Benton, Black,Ewingoflllinohs, Ootds-   I
borough, Renartcks, King of Alabama, Knight, Moore,
Nicholas, Porter, KoMi o ,Tallnadge, Walker, and Wall   :
NATS—Messrs. Bochaban. Calhoun, Clayton, Csthbert,
Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Hill, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Rsn-
4a)n, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Robbing, Bombard, Swift,
Tipton, TomUhson, and White—30.
Mr, HENDRICKS moved toamend the bill by
inserting an appropriation of |5,ÍI00 for retnavihg
a ledge of rocks in the Otno river below Ship-
pingporty and, after some remarks,from Messrs.
WALKER,BUCHANAN,a d HENDRICKS,
Mr, HamaiCKs's amendment was rejected—yeais
10, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Clayton, Evrim of Illinois,
Swing of Ohio, Hendricks, Nicholaa,PMer, Bobbins, Rob-
inson, and Wall—10.                                                      i
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Cutlibert  !
Davfs, (SiiMésb&rough, Hil!, Kent, King of Alabama, ting
of Georgia, Knight, Leigli, Lina, Mangam, Naurbno Presi
(ta*j,rn!stoayRiv0SiSraÜMrd, Swift, Tifias, Tontfinaon.
WaJker,and Whiuy-24.        .. r                       .   ,
. ,Mr.LlNN movedtq amend the bill byii^rt-
jajg an appropriation of £1,200 for removing the
obstructions in White river; which motion was
agreed to, without a. division..            ,    - ,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, moved to amend the
bill by inserting an appropriation for the surf ey
•f the mouth of Dog river bar, in the Bay t f Mo-
bile, to determine the practicability of deepening
the bar; which motion was rejected.
Mr. KING then moved to strike out all the
appropriations in the, bill for specific purposes,
leaving the appropriations in gross for general
surveys at the discretion of the Secretary of War.
After some remarks from Messrs. ICING of
Alabama, LINN, WALL, and WALKER, Mr.
King's amendment was.rejected—yens 12, nays
21; as follows:                                     ,   ., ,
YEAS-Messrs. Black., Calhoun, Hill, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Leigh. Alangunl, Preston, Rives, Itobinson,
Watter, am) White—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Beaton, Clayton, Davis, Erring of 1111-
■oia, Swing of Onto, GoMsborougli, Hendricks, Kent,
r Knight, Linn, Naudatn, Nicholas, Porter, Premisa, Bob-
bins, Southard, Swiit, Tallmadge, Tiptoa, Toariinaoa, and
Wall—21.                  ;
The bill was the  ordered to be engrossed for
a, third reading—yeas 25, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Mass . Benton, Buchanan, Clayton, Cuthbert,
Davis, Ewing of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough,
Hendricks, Kent, KingofAlnbuna,Knight, Lina, Nnudain,
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Robuins, Robinson. Southard,
Swift, Tnllmodge, Tipton, Tomhnson, and Wall—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Hil, King of Georgia,
Leigh, Mangan), Preston, Ktves, and Waits—9.
¡     After the consideration of executive business,
; the Senate adjourned.
!                             .IN SENATE.
I                       Tuwday, May 3,1836. '...-.
j    A message was received from the House of
' Representatives, by Mr. Franklin, the Clerk,
informing the Senate of the death of the Hon.
Richard J. Manning, a Representative from the
State of South Carolina, and that the House had
adopted a resolution to go into the usual mourn-
ing, by wearing crape on the left arm, as a testi-
mony of respect for the deceased.
M r. PRESTON rose and addressed the Senate,
as follows-:
Mr.  President: The message just read im-
poses upon me the customary duty of moving for
the usual testimony of respect to'the memory of
my deceased colleague, the Hon. Richard J.
Manning, of the House of Representatives; and
j never, sir, has such an ofncial'act been' performed
! wfth deeper emotions than • those under whose
I melancholy influence I rise on this occasion.      •
i     It is not fit that I should obtrude my private
; griefs «pon the Senate, although I am well as-
sured that its kindness would extend some indul-
gence to a friendship of a most intimate charae-
ter,which, commencing in college companionship,
has been unimpaired by the chances «od changos
, of life, and undiminished even by party spirit,
, whose repulsive energy so often breaks asunder
i the strongest bonds of affection.   For although,
sir, it has so happened that we have been much
and Jone opposed in. politics, and  although, I
have had much occasion to feel the adverse .In-
fluence of his high character, there is no man who
loved  hirar living, or moutned him dead, more
than I.                                                               ., ,
He' was indeed, Mr. President, of a very noble
Matare, endowed with air high and -generous qual*
ities-=-cooli'l Ordi just, paticnt,and resolute;mag-
nanimous in his whole tone of feeling, and turn
of thought; utterly exempt from all sordid or
selfish propensities; of that prompt and patient
benevolence  to do or^to suffer, which comes of
natural impulse, éducatedinto principle, unflinch-
ing M the performance of duty, but too kind in
■his nature to be stern; scrupulous in ¡self-regulá>
tiofi, but generously indulgent to otheTS. His
father, who was a distinguished Soldier of the
Revolati<m, deeply marited;upon his son's char-
acter the impress of that herpic period; courage
and devotion to his country were hereditary and
native to him. And these manly virtues were
softened and «Bade amiable by the kindliest affec-
tions of the Heart ¡while over his whole eharactcr
presided an exalted and fervent piety.                >
Pflr many years, in various ways, he received
distinguished testimonies of the affection and «on*
Idenee ofUis native State. He served freqwiiuly
hiáther branch of the Legislature; was Governor-,
and, at length, Representative in Congress, >i::' Í
In the prime-of hie, and in' the vigor i of) man-
hood, be has died as he' lived—in tie Midst; of
4hs, duties.    Never,: Mr.t President,  fcavaAhfe
hm>orsof>heSsiiatabsa«1i« s  worthily-bestowed
than upon the, memory of RittíArt  J. Manning,
for which I invoke them by offering the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, unanimmtshj, That, ns a testimony of respect
[ for the memory of the deceased, the members of the Senate
will go into mourning, by wearing crape on the left arm
for the space of thirty days.
After which, on motion of Mr. PRESTON, the
Senate adjourned.
;     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 3,1836.
The House, pursuant' to previous resolution,
assembled at ten o'clock, a. m.
Immediately after the reading of the Journal
of Friday,           . >    :
Mr.  PINCKNE,Y;,,roae   and addressed the
House-to the following effect:           ,   ..
Mr. Speaker: . Often as Death has already
been amongst us this session, he has again entered
within these walls, and takep another, and one
of the most excellent members, of this honorable
body. Yes, sir, Death has again been amongst
us; and it is in consequence of one ,of those sudden
and awful dispensations of Divine Providence,
to which, however painfully we may feel them,
it is our dttfy to submit, that I now rise to
announce lb this House the decease of my late
honored and lamented colleague, Richard J. Maji-
ning. He left this cjty on Friday last on a visit
to Philadelphia, and died, as I am informed, at
thatjplace, on Sunday evening, of a hemorrhage
produced by the rupture of A, blood vessel in his
lungs, Surely, ifever there was an event which
could teach üs " what shadows ,'we aré, and
what, shadow  we pursue," this is one which
should impress that lesson deeply on our minds.
• But a few days ago, he.,was here, in his place,
upop this floor, in the pride of intellect and vigor
of manhood, mingling fféely with his fellow-mem-
bers, partaking the cares and honors of legisla-
tion, and discharginglhe high duties of a Repre-
sentative of the people in the councils of. the
nation. Now, he is numbered with the silent
dead.                                                                        '.
. I know that it is customary, upon occasions
of this kind, to deliver eulogies upon the charac-
ter or" departed members. Rut I shall make no
such attempt upon the present occasion. I could
not dd justice to'such a character as his.,To say
that lie.«fas a man of sound judgment and exten-
sive information—a gefitleman in the strictest sig-
nification of th'é term—a man of sterling honor
and integrity—a devoted husband and. anost ten-
der parent—pur^e ¿nd irreproachable, in all the
relations of ure,^-aíl this is true—perfectly true;
and, yét it. conveys but a poor idea of the beautiful
! cluster of noble and estimable qualities that were
concentrated in him. He was'vnore than all this:
he was, emphatically, a patriot, yhp .discharged
all hisduties to his cou'ntrj  with ardor and fidelity;
and he was a sincere and consistent ■Christian,
who ádofed the doctriqe of his Lord arid Savior.
He died, like a patriot, in the service of his coun-
try; and his life, as a Christian, assures me that
lie is now reposing in the bottom of his God.
As an evidence of,the high esti|natkin in which
he was held by the people of his -native State, it
will suffice to b'osérve, that he .was repeatedly
elected V tV Legislature of South.Carolina, o/ice
unanirrtQUsly chosen (Jovernot'of 'tkat State, and
twice elevated to a seat in Congress. In times of
the bitterest pVty' cohtentioiilh South Caroliiia,
he retained theunrmallfled resrí'eéf 6f íiispoliticál
opponents; nor do I believe that he1 háa a personal
enemy, - But alt hte talent, an hisTiwaee, all his
aoblÉ qualities of hdad and heart, could'not save
him from: the ^rasp lof.tk* destroyer., He.ii
gone—rgaás from roe, whom Ae hanertd,with<hi 
friendship—gone from this House, which ¡he
adttroed ¿yhinrirtutes'. His^hfca here will kttow
himtmo moren' i£s«andot listón to the poor tribute
I thr 4t  upott ^llife totnbi . Ho cattn t witness the
deep q d refepectful sytmpathy raanifeaed by this
h'drKMMtblerljody.) Nb, «ir,«/ "ísgtón«, nod all that
aoefíüi do-ii* toi.lament bis iossj ná.¿naü*tsshm
varhiiisfandlo.payioi his memory the ttnaviiiiag
honors of the deatLítl.- i  ••./ .'.: -,< i .' > •■'■'• • '-
n I aasa^lto^.^ídíSviUtldToUQWM© «SOlu-
t¡On fer hf% tJlMu^yKtJB«sia« *«'..>: ^
