418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
from r..rt G.b«on to «orne eligible pmnt on the \rknnsas I
m™ onorneartlicne-t m Homier lino o- \rk-iri i    -ind
to ciu r a tort to b. erected upon the point -o -elerted to.
the leeommod itnn of tlie troop* of tin. United st ite    and
tor the better defense ot the Arkansas frontier, fit sum o
¿50,000
Mr S. explained that this amendment was sub-
stantially the same as a bill that had been re-
ported from the Military Committee.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, was glad the
gentleman had introduced this proposition; for
the returns of the Army would show the mor-
tality to be greater at this point than at any other.
He would suggest to the gentleman to omit the
indication of the site, and leave it to the discre-
tion of the War Department.
Mr. SEVIER had no particular objection to the
modification, though he preferred the pioposition
as it stood.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested that it would
be better to strike out the appropriation, and in-
troduce it in the fortification bill.                               ¡
The amendment was briefly discussed by
Messrs. JOHNSON of Kentucky, HARDIN,
CAMBRELENG, WARD, CARTER, SE-
VIER, GARLAND of Louisiana, and ADAMS
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, after the explana-
tions he had heard, he should withdraw his op-
position to the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Ohio, thought that if
the amendment was agreed to, the appiopnation
should be increased; and he moved to substitute
$100,000 for $50,000; which was lost.
The piopriety of agreeing to the amendment
was further discussed by Messrs. SEV1ER,WIL-
LIAMS of North Carolina, ADAMS, JOHNSON
of Kentucky; CAMBRELENG, and PARKER;
when
Mr. HOWARD moved to strike out $59,000,
and insert $75,000, but subsequently withdn wit;
and the subject was further debated by Messrs.
RIPLEY, CAMtiRELENG, and PARKER;
when the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to strike out the
following clause:
For barrack , quarters, store houses, hospital, tlc*enscs,
fcc , at Fort Aimatrons, in the State oí lllinoi , or on -uch
point on the river Des Moines as may be selected under
the orders of tlie Secretary ol War, $20,000.
Which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to reduce the item
for contingencies of the Army, from $10,000 to
$3,000; which was agreed to.
The other clauses of the bill were then agreed
to, and the bill was laid aside.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee took up the amendments of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the naval sei-
vice for the year 1836.
The bill originally passed the House, was re-
turned from the Senate with various amendments,
and reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
recommendmgcertain amendments to the Senate's
amendments.
The first clause, as originally passed, was as
follows:
For pay of commissioned, warrant, and petty officers, and
of seamen, $1,974,178 91;
which sum the Senate increased to $2,492,040 41,
and the Naval Committee recommended a reduc-
tion of this sum to $2,318,017 16.
Mr. JAR VIS made a brief explanation of the
principle of increase in the Navy adopted by the
Senate, being one ship of war, two fngates, one
sloop of war, and one schooner, &c. He was
instructed to move to reduce the pay of officers
and seamen of a sloop of war, because there was
no vessel of that class now on the stocks, and
one could not be built in time for equipment during
the present year.
The amend me-nt of the Senate was then dis-
agreed to; and the amendment of Mr. Jar vis was
agreed to.
The next clause was for provisions, $590,000,
amended by the Senate by increasing it to $798,-
597 50. The Committee on Naval Affairs rec-
ommended the sum of $782,263 75, which was
agreed to, and theSenate'samendmentasamended
was then agreed to.
The next clause taken up was the following:
For repairs of vessel? in ordinary, and the repairs and
we ir and tear of vessi I- in coinim -ion
The House had appropuattd $950,000—the
Semite h<ul increased the item to j.1,0.5,000
Mi. JAR Via moved to amend the Senate's
amendment by reducing the appropriation to
$1,065,000, which wa3 agieed to; and the amend-
ment, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. JAR VIS moved to non-concur in the fol-
lowing amendment of the Senate:
Tor building a dry-dock at Brooklyn, $180,050;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. JARVIS moved to amend the following
additional clause, inserted by the Senate:
For the purchase ot site-, and the erection ol barrack-,
near the navj yards at Oiiaileston, Brooklyn, Gosport, and
Pensa old, ^2JO,000,
by striking out " Brooklyn," and reducing the
appropriation to $150,000, which was agreed to;
' and the amendment of the Senate as amended
was concurred in.
The following additional sections to the bill
were inserted by the Senate:
Sf- 2 Jl id be it farther enacted. That an exploring ex
ped tion to the Pacilic ocein and the feouth seas be, and
1i„ -.line ij. li reby, au honze-1 and directed, and that the
Pre-identot he Lmted antes be,and lie is herebj, author
iz d to papar'and-end out lor tint pu-pose a «loop ot war,
md to purchase or provide such other smaller ves el¡  as
may be ne essary and pioper to render the said expedition
eth i nt and usoiul
Sec 3 Jitidbe it further enacted, That the u-e of so much
of the approp ntiotis tor the =uppirt of the Navv. and ot
the maaii3 and acihtie, under t.ie control of the Navv De
paran nt, as miv be necessary and p op>r for that object,
be, and the saup u hereby, aut.io.uel, and, in addition
thereto, the sum ot $lo0,0JJ b->, an 1 the same i, hueby,
appropriated ou ol anj money in the Treasury not other
wi=e appropriated.
Mr. JARVIS moved to strike out all after the
word " that," in the first line, and insert a sub-
stitute; which was read, as follows-
Tlie President of ttip United Stat, s b , and he hereby
i-, in honied, if in hn opinion the public mtere-t -hall re
quire, to send out a surveying aud exp.O'ing expedition to
toe P lufic oc°ai> and Sou h sea- , aad lor mat uu.pu.,.: to
employ a -'oop ot war, and to pure.ii e or provide such
o'her mill ves-cU as may h  nect -in and pioper to ren
I   der the said expedí ion efficient and u-e.ul, and lor tin-
I   purpo e, the su'n ot $100 000 be, and t.ie -a ne u hereby,
, appiop íatcd out of any money m the 'J rea-ury not other
wi e appropuated, and, in addition thereto, n necessary,
II  t le Pre-ident of the United States i- authorized to u*e other
I   means in the control of the Navv Depirtment not exceeding
$150,000 lor the objects required
Mr. HA WES moved that the committee rise;
and on taking the vote, there appearing—ayes 57,
noes 56, no quorum, the committee rose and re-
ported that fact to the House.
The SPEAKER then resumed the chair, and
I a quorum being ascertained to be present, the
House again went into committee.
The motion pending being that the committee
rise, it was agreed to; and the committee then
rose and reported the Army appropriation bill to
the House.
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year 1836, icported from the
Committee of the Whole, was then taken up, the
amendments of the committee concurred in, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing now; and, having been engrossed, it was then
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JARVIS earnestly appealed to the House
to go into committee again on the naval appro-
priation bill, on the ground that the service was
at this time suffeung for want of its passage; and
he made that motion.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. JARVIS asked for the yeas nnd nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 59, nays
78.
So the House refused to ad)ourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Jarvis, that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole, when there appeared
—ayes 81, noes 32; no quorum.
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn; and
on taking the question by tellers there were—
ayes 62, noes 62, and the Chair voting in the
negative, the motion was lost.
The question again recurred on going into
Committee of the Whole; and being taken by
tellers, the vote was 77 to 28; né quorum again
voting on goin? into committee.
Mr. CRAMER moved a call of the House.
Mr. STORER moved that the House adjourn',
which was agreed to—62 to 53; and so the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 5, 1836.
Mr. EWING rose to move a correction of the
Journal of yesterday's proceedings. He ob-
served, on hearing it read by the Secretary, that
the yeas and nays on the final passage of the land
bill were stated to have been ordered on his mo-
tion. Now, as he made no such motion, he
wished the Journal to be so corrected that the
yeas and nays might not appear to have been
ordered at his instance.
Mr. HUBBARD felt confident that the yeas
and nays were oidered, but on whoso motion he
would not pretend to say. He was under the
impression that they were ordered shoitly after
the bill was oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. CLAY believed that the yeas and nays
were not called for, but were taken under an im-
pression that they had been oidered.    He was
certain, at all events, that they were not oidered
on the motion of his friend fiom Ohio, who, he
' was certain, had reasons, as well as himself, for
I not calling for them, in reference to a gentleman
I opposed to the bill who was absent.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested that the correction
could be made by striking out thewoids, "On
motion of Mr. Ewing," so as to let it appear on
the Journal that the yeas and nays were ordered
by one fifth of the members present.
The coirection, as proposed by Mr. Ewing,
was then ordered.
The CHAIR communicated a report fiom the
Secretary of War, in answci to a resolution of
the Senate, inquiring whethei, in the opinion of
the heads of the executive departments, the sal-
aries of the clerks employed under them ought to
be mcieased; and,
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, it was ícferred
to the Committee on Finance, and, with the com-
munications on the same subject from the other
Depaitments, ordered to be punted.
PETITIONS,  MEMORI\LS, ETC.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Pennsylvania, lecommending
the creation of a large amount of stock, to be di-
vided among the several States and Teiutones,
and pledging the public lands for its redemption;
which was referred to the Committee on finance.
I Mr. MOORE presented the petition of Samuel
| Miller; which was referred to the Commitee on
the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
1 ciary, to which had been referred the petition of
1 Francis Cazot, reported a resolution referí ing the
same, with all the accompanying documents, to
I the Secretary of the Treasury, with nistiuctions
to report thereon to the next session of Congress;
which resolution was agreed to.
Mr. TOML1NSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which the memorial of Jacob Slough
had been referred, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read , and ordered to a second rending.
Mr. KENT, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been referred the
i memouals of the several banks of the District of
Columbia, praying to be rechartered, made a re-
port thereon, accompanied by a bill; which was
I read, and ordered to a second reading; and
On motion of Mr. K. the report was oidered to
be printed,and the bill was made the order of the
day for Wednesday next.
1 Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
I Warren; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
I                   RESOLUTION  SUBMITTED.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
TIPTON; and lies on the table one day:
Rtsohed, That the Committee on Road-and Canals in-
quire into the expediency of making an approp lition to re
build the bridge* over the rivers George, Rouge, Huron, and
Rai-in, on the United States military road, Irom the city of
Detroit to the foot of the rapids of the Miami of Lake Erie.
