1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
FOREIGN HEMP
O.i motion of Mi CLAY, the resolution sub-
m ttd t>-\ h n dm etingtlu Committet on Minu-
factures lo mqutie into tin expediency of plating
all imported In mp on the same footing w nil re-
six ct to du* v is Rusm \ hemp, was tlien uki n up
' Mi. C. said, tlu re is a species of hemp which,
limit r tlu < niiv ruction now given to the tauiT
law , conies in at about fifteen per cent. He be-
lieved this construction was erroneous, and the
object of Ins resolution was to subject all lump to
the same duty as Russia hemp.
Mr. W.\ LKER said he did not rise to oppose
the usual reft renec of the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, but merely to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that, upon the
very day succeeding the passage of the bill dis-
tributing the proceeds of the public lands, a reso-
lution was sought to be adopted by the great ad-
\ o ^ite and author of that bill and of the American
system, to increase the tariff by increasing the
d'u'y on hemp. Mr. W.said that tins movement
■was. ominous of his (Mr. W.'s) prediction, that
the success of that land bill would produce an in-
crease of the tariff, and he wished the fact to be
noted and remembered by the Senate, when and
under what circumstances die present resolution
was introduced.
Mr. CLAY said he had no objection to the
& nator from Mississippi having all the facts in
rtgard to this resolution recorded in any book
tlm the Senator might select—and when recorded,
hf iioped th^y mig it not have the benefit of t'ie
expunging process, but (said Mr. C.) let the facts
be correctly and accurately recorded. I did not
'said Mr. C.) introduce this resokiiion upon the
day after the passage of the land bill, but upon
the Vtry day of the final passage of that bill by
the Senate. The present construcuoii of the tariff,
st far as the hemp to which he referred was con-
cerned, threatened the country with a positive
•rasión of the tariff. But (said Mr. C.) let me
tell the Si nator from Mississippi, that the true
plan to avoid an increase of the tariff is to aban-
don the present heavy appropriations for fortifi-
cations and the navy, or an ulerease of the tariff
is inevitable. Let that Senator admonish his
friends to abandon their mad«areer of squander-
ing the public funds. Let him take the money for
distribution from these miserable deposit banks,
where it is entnely insecure, and may be totally
lost to the coun'ry.
Mr. WALKER said he had expected to give
rise to no debate by merely calling the attention
of the Senate to the time and circumstances un-
der which this resolution to increase the tariff
was introd ictd. But the Senator from Kentucky
said, that although he asked the adoption of the
resolution now, he had introduced it yesterday.
Mr. W. said he had first heard of this resolu-
tion this day; but whether introduced the day of
the passage of the land bill, or the day after the
final passage of that bill, it could make no differ-
ence; it was introduced after that bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, when
the v ictory of the friends of that bill was com-
pkte; that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] now distinctly admitted that Uip increase
of the tariff was inevitable, if the present fortifi-
cation system was not abandoned. Yes, sir, it
is conceded, since the passage of the land bill,
that we must increase the tariff or abandon the
defenses of the country—leave the coast and
wi stern frontier unprotected, or to be protected
only by expos.ng the lives of our citizens to cer-
tain sicrifice, and by causing streams of Ameri-
can blood to flow in the event of a conflict with
foreign Powers; that it was now conceded that
the country must be left defenseless or the tariff
increased; and what produced this necessity? It
is (said Mr. W.) the land bill; which, by taking
some twenty or thirty millions from the Treasury
of the Union, leaves us not money enough to de-
fend the country without increasing the tariff.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) if this land bill becomesalaw,
the increase of the tariff is inevitable. Let south-
ern sections pause and reflect that this land bill
is a bill to, increase the tar.ff; and that, immedi-
ately afti r the engrossment of the land bill for a '
third reading, a r< solution is introduced by the
uuthor of that bill [Mr. Clay] to increase the
duty on hemp. Sir, («aid Mr. W.,) this proposed
incnase, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Cuy]
nils us, is to pievint nn evasion of the tariff.
Why is this ¡ust now discovered ' And if the land
bill bicomi s> a law, we shall have many other
similar alltged evasions of the tanlf, anil similar
propositions t > imitase it on that account. Yes,
(said Mr. W ,") ltis ptiftctlvch arthaU very vote
for the land bill is a vote to increase the tariff.
The proposition of th«" Senator fiom Kentucky,
[ Mr Clay,] is to amend the existing tariff so as
lo make all htmp pay the same Ik nvv duty as
that imposed upon lump fiom Russia; and the
measure, if adopted, would greatly increase the
burdens of the South. To increase the duty on
hemp would increase the duty on cotton-bagging,
which was made of hemp. The proposition was
to benefit Kentucky,the hempgrower, at theex-
pense of Mississippi and other cotton-growing^
States, that were hemp consumers. It was (said
Mr. W.) to take hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars out of the pockets of his (Mr. W 's) con-
stituents, to put into the pockets of the constitu-
ents of the Senator from Kentucky. Mr. W.
said he would oppose every measure to increase
the tariff, whether it came, as now, in a direct
proposition for that purpose, or in the more in-
sidious guise of the land-distnbution bi'l, which
rendered an increase of the tariff inevitable.
But (said Mr. W.) the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] has denounced the dtposit binks—
the miserable deposit banks, as he calls them—
and where he says the public revenue is insecure.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) this is another demonstra-
tion of the truth of his remarks before made—that
this land-distribution bill is a bill to restore the
deposits to the Bank of the United States, and
renew its charter. What (said Mr. W.) will the
present government of Pennsylvania do with her
mighty share of the spoils from the Treasury '
She will deposit them in the Bank of the Untcd
States, which her minority Legislature have rc-
chartered; and so w.ll all the other Wing States
place their share of these funds in the agencies
of this United States Bank, which might as well
at once be called their branches. Miserable
deposit banks' says the Senator from Kentucky.
The public funds insecure ! Sir, one of the effects
of this bill, and of the speeches, is to get up
another panic, and to crpate this very insecurity.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky pronounces these
deposit banks miserable—the funds insecure; and
proposes, by his distribution bill, to take some
twenty millions from them in July and October
next. If the Senator from Keniucky succei ds
in producing the impression that the public funds
in these banks are insecure, will not the ho'ders
of all their notes demand their redemption in
I specie before the requisitions in July and October
i are made ? The Whig States and the Bank of the
| United States will demand from them the specie
also; and thus the currency will be depreciated;
unexampled distress inflicted upon the com-
munity, immediately preceding the presidential
election; and the election of abnnk president, and
recharter of the United States Bank, be demanded
as necessary to restore the cunency and dispel
the panic. Confidence is the life of bank paper
and of banks. The deposit banks have now more
specie than the Bank of the United States, in pro-
portion to their circulation; and the public funds
are there perfectly secure, unless we render them
insecuie by panic speeches and distribution bills,
placing them in the power of Whig States and the
Bank of the United States, whose tender mercus
we have all once experienced.
Mr. CLAY said, that he had not now proposed
to increase the tariff; that the advocates of these
heavy appropriations fordefenses.nsit wascalled,
were those that would render an increase of the
tariff necessary. Let them reduce the expendi-
tures of the Government; let them retrench and
reform. Fifteen millions, we were told not many
years since by the then head of the Treasury De-
partment, would be sufficient. Now seventeen
millions were asked upon the reportsof lieutenants
and subalterns. The defenses! that magical word
" defenses! "as if we did not all feel interested in
what was necessary for the defense of the coun-
try' In England none of their principal cities
i have fortifications; but we must have our whole
coast and frontiers lined with arsenals and fortifi-
' cations from Maine to the Balize and the Sabine,
so that, in the language of his colleague, gun from
gun along the entire line may be luard. These
defenses were gotten up to kei p the moni y in
these miserable deposit banks, and keep the
banks from breaking, as it seems conceded tin y
will if we call upon them for oui mom y for dis-
tribution in July next.
Why (said Mr. C.) should the Senator from
Mississippi plat c himself in an antagonistienl po-
sition (that is the fashionable phrase) to me' Why
should he so often atta'k me and my nieisuns'
If he dt sires to win from me any huiels by tluse
conflicts, I will spare him the trou! le of tin se en-
counters, and acknowledge my inferiority to him
as the gieat champion of the Administration.
Mr. WALKER said the Senator from Ken-
tucky was mistaken. It was, on all former oc-
casions, the Senator from Kentucky who had at-
tacked him and lus measures, and not he who had
assailed that Senator: he had only repelled Ins
assaults. There were many reasons why he could
have no desire to assail the Senator from Ken-
tucky. It was unnecessary to assail him—his
career of sue ess he could have no dt sire to ar-
rest. He could truly say, and not in the spirit of
sarcasm, which some gentlemen scemi d to prefer
to truth and candor, that the acknowledged tal-
ents, the long services, the great expenence of
the Senator from Kentucky gave him a superior-
ity which he felt no disposition to dispute or ques-
tion. The Senator from Kentutky had been the
aggressor
Not one word had he (Mr. W.) said to that
Senator in debate, or any measure of his, when
he, (Mr. W.,) in March last, brought forward
his preemption bill, and bill to reduce the price
of the public lands in favoi of actual settlers only,
when the whole Senate had heaid the Senator
fiom Kentucky [Mr. Clay] rise and denounce
this bill in the very strongest language, and
threaten to move its instantaneous rejection.
And what had he (Mr. VV. i done, other than to
defend himself and Ins abused constituents' The
other occasion was upon his, (Mr. W.'s} sup-
port of the motion of the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] to strike out a certain grant to
Missouri from the land bill, upon the ground,
that to put the grant in that bill as he (Mr. W.)
said, would be to insure the loss of the grant; for
that, judging from the fact, that the President
had vetoed the bill, we had a right to conclude
that he would again put his veto upon it. Did
not the whole Senate again hear the Senator from
Kentucky rise in his place, and with great vehe-
menceattaek him, (Mr. W.,) accuse him, most
| unjustly, of a heat of ardor for referring to the
supposed veto of the I'resident upon the land bill;
talked of his having the king's car; of obtaining
information fiom the President himself, as re-
gards the supposed veto' Again, (Mr. W. said,)
he had only repelled the assault of the St nator
from Kentucky; and repel such assaults (Mi. W.
said) he always would, whatever might be the
consequents.
Mr. CLAY said he would offer an armistice to
the Senator from Mississippi. He would now
give that Senator a enrte btancke, that he would
not hereafter assail that Senator or his measures
generally, unless when he should bring forward
his bills in favor of his squatteis; and he could
not go that.
Tne resolution was then adopted.
ARMT APPRoPRlATI >N BILL.
The bill from the House making appropria-
tions fur the support of the Army for the year
1836, was read twice, and referred.
CIV L AND DIPLOMATIC  APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate took
up the b'll from the House making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
United S'ates for the year 1836: the amendments
reported by the Committee on Finance being first
the subject of consideration.
The amendment making an appropriation of
$2,500 to enable the Secietary to distribute, as
ordered by a resolution of the Senate, a compila-
tion of documents relative to land tules, being
under i onsidera'ion —
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the piovis-
íon forgiving one set to each Senator. He thought
it had been considered ss settled for two sessions
