1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
House to go into committee on this necessary
mi isuic
Mi   GRAVES objected
Mi C VUB-RLLLNG moved to suspend the
inks foi the mlining hour, for the purpose
st tied
Th< m *mbers m favor of suspending the rules
hav nig ne< n i< qui sted to rise,
The CH VIR dci id( d that the motion was car-
ried by i hrge iruyority.
Mi GRAVES demanded a count, when there
appealed —ayes 85, noes 16.
No quorum voting,
Mi CW1BRELCNG moved a call of the
House, in case there should not be a quorum in
the House.
Upon a count, it appeared that a quorum were
in attendance
Mi. GRAVES had objected, because he had
desirt d for the last two weeks to offer a resolution
of inquiry
Mi CAMBRELENG would not object, if the
gentleman would propose his resolution at that
time.
Mi GR WES asked the consent of the House
to present his pioposition, but it was objected
to.
On motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, the House
then went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr Mavn, of New York,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideiation of
the lemaining amendment of the Senate to the
naval service bill, and tke amendment of the
Naval Committee of the House to the same.
The Senate's amendment was read, as follows.
Stc 2 And he \t further enacted, That an exploring ex
pedition to the Pacific ocean and the South seas be, and the
same is herebv, authorized and directed, and that the Pres
ident of the Tnited State  be, and he i, hereby, authorized
to prepare and «end out tor tint purpose a sloop ot war, and
to purchase or p-ovide such oilier smaller vessels is may
he nece-=ary and propT to render the slid expedition effi
cient and u eful
Sec 3 And be if further enacted, That the use of so much
of the appropriations lor the i-upport of the Navy, and ot the
means and lacilities under the control of the Navy Depart
ment, as may be necessary .mil proper for th.it object, be,
and the •.line is hereby, authorized , and, in addition thereto,
the sum ot $1 >0 003 be, and the same is hereby, appropri
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap
propnated
The question pending was the following amend
ment, reported by Mr. jARvis,from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs: to strike out all after the
word " that," in the first line, and insert the fol-
lowing as a substitute.
The President of the United Sta es be, and he hereby is,
authorized, it in his opinion the pubhe interest shall require,
to send out a «urveyinjand exploring expedition to the
Pacific ocean and South sea, and for tint purpose to em
plov a <-loop of war, and to purchase or provide such other
«mall vessels as may be necessary and proper to render the
said expedition efficient and u^euil, and for this purpose,
fie Mim ot $150 000 be, and the same is hereby, appropri
ated nut of anv monev in the Trea-urv not otherwise appro
pnated , and in addition thereto, if necessary, the President
of th "" United States is authorized to use other means in the
control of the Navy Department notexceedimi one hundred
and fi tj thou and dollars, for the objects required
Mi JARVIS, in a fiw words, explained the
amendmentto the amendment of the Senate, when
it wis agreed to; and, thus amended, it was
adopted
The committee then rose, and reported the
bill to the House
The Hous« concurred with the Committee of
the Whole, in their disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate, appiopnating $180,000 for a
dry-dock at Biooklyn, New Yoik.
The House also concuned with the Committee
of the Whole, in reference to their action on the
remainder of the amendments of the Senate, with
the exception of the amendment in regard to a
South-sea expedition
Upon the latter amendment, Mr. HA WES
desned that a separate vote should betaken. He
hoped the whole pioposition would be stricken
out
Mr HAMER remarked, that before he could
vote for th s amendment, he wished to know
fiom some of the members of the committee the
reasons which had induced them to amend the
Senate's amendment' If he understood the mat-
ter aright, the difference between the two propo-
sitions only amounted to this—that the Senate's
amendment threw the responsibility where it
ought to be, upon the Congress of the United
States; whilst the amendment of the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House threw the respons-
ibility upon the President He thought it would
be very well if each department of the Govern-
ment would art upon its own responsibility in
this matter. He thought the House as well cal
culated to judge of the expediency and propriety
of sending out the expedition as the President of
the United States, and if so, why, take the re-
sponsibility, as the Senate had done ' He was
not willing to acknowledge hims If to be, strictly
speaking, such a collar-man as to give to the
President every such discretion. If it was expedi-
ent, and the public interest required this expedi-
tion, let the House act upon its responsibility, as
the Senate had done He could not vote for the
amendment unless some reason could be given to
justify it.
Mr. JARVIS did not think himself any more
of a collar-man than the gentleman from Ohio.
The reason why the committee had proposed an
amendment leaving it discretionary with the
President to send out the expedition or not, was
because they had not time to investigate the
matter themselves; and he doubted very much
whether the House had the time to examine the
subject as it ought to be examined The committee
conceived that all they could do would be to give
an opinion that it might be expedient, and leave
it to those who had time to examine the subject
to ascertain whether it was expedient or not, and
if, in the opinion of the President, after examina-
tion, it should be found to be expedient, then it
would be for him to carry it into effect If the
committee had had time to examine the question,
it would have been quite a diffeient thing, and
he submitted it to the members of the House,
whethei they liad timo to give the subject due
examination. He would, therefore, vote to refer
it to the President, or Executive Departments, to
examine, but under the circumstances he was not
willing to vote for the expedition in any othei
manner, as it appeared to him to be leaving the
matter where it ought to be
Mr HAWES observed, that what he had to
say might as well be said at the present as at any
other stage of the bill. Some time ago (he said)
a proposition was made and cained, to permit a
certain gentleman to deliver a lecture to the Rep
resentatives of the people, upon the subject of a
South-sea expedition. He was opposed to grant-
ing the privilege to that gentleman, or anybody
else, because he was fully apprised of the fact,
that the object of it was to operate upon that
House and the other branch of Congress. He
knew that a proposition would be brought before
Congress to expend a large sum of money to
further this gentleman's object, ft appeared to
him that they had arrived at a time that, no mat-
ter what chimerical opinions were taken up by
any gentleman, if he could only get an oppoitu-
nity to address the Representatives of the people
they would enter into all the chimerical notions
of the gentleman who might address them. It
was true, that they had in the Treasury a vast
amount of money; but if it was there, it had been
wrested fiom the hands of the people of the
United States; and he was not willing that it
should be expended in every chimerical and hair-
brained notion that entered the head of any indi-
vidual in the country. He remembered the time
when his fi lend from Massachusetts,[Mr Adams,]
in one of his messages to the Congress of the
United States, spoke of establishing light-houses
in the sktcs. That message went to the West,
and he would tell the gentleman now, that, if it
had not been for that notion, he would have
received the votes of the western States for a sec-
ond term of the Presidency That notion played
directly into the hands of his opponents, and they
hopped upon it, to use a homely phrase, like a
duck on a June-bug;and thousands and thousands
of votes were lost to the gentleman on that ground
alone. They hud argued that here was a gentle-
man who was President of the United States, that
wished to reach heaven by other means than by
faith—or, in other words, to erect a ladder to the
happy place. He had himself a hundred times
addressed the people in relation to that very
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts;
and he was happy to say that hundreds and
hundreds of the people of the western country had
turned against the gentleman from Massachusetts
on that very ground; and perhaps the gentleman
had lost his election to a second term of the Pres-
idency on account of this very notion But the
times had changed, and what was the proposition
that they were blessed with in these days of
plenty and piospenty' It was to take the vessels
and seamen of the Lnited States, and send them
to the South seas, exposing them to all the dis-
eases, hurricanes, and mishaps of that climate—
and for what > For nothing on the face of the
earth. The proposition was a hundred times
more monstrous than the one which had lost one
hundred thousand votes to the gentleman from
Massachusetts. If, in an appropriation like the
present, any gentleman were to introduce a clause
for the benefit of his constituents, he would be
told that he had no i lght to make such amendment.
The present proposition was one of a new char-
acter, and he thought gentlemen ought to pursue
the usual manner of pioceeding in those bills, as
it was well known that the appropriations for the
Navy must pass.
Mr PATTON rose to express his gratification
at the inquiries which had been made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr Hamer,] and the objec-
tion to the amendment which the inquiries implied.
He was glad the objection had been made by that
gentleman, as, coming from him, it prevented any
prejudice to the objection, fiom the idea that it
was founded in distrust of the Executive, espe-
cially as the gentleman had taken care to inform
us that he was a decided party man, though he
dis laimed being quite a collar-man. The prin-
ciple of the ob|ection (Mr. P said) he consid-
ered as a most important and salutary one. It
was exceedingly important that the Legislature
of the country should not devolve upon the Ex-
ecutive any duty which appropriately belonged
to the legislative department itself. What was it
proposed to do by this amendment introduced
into this bill' It was to authorize a general voyage
of exploration and discovery For what pur-
pose' For the improvement of science, or the
discovery of unknown regions, to be taken pos-
session of and colonized by us' Without enter-
ing into a discussion of the propriety or right of t
the Government to send out this expedition, still
he might be allowed to say that there was some
doubt of the propriety of entering upon such a
scheme, but if there ever was an authority for
entering into such a scheme, it belonged to the
ltgislative department óf the Government, and it
ought to be determined upon entirely by the legis-
lative department of the Government. They
ou<rht to satisfy themselves of the propriety of
entering upon this scheme, and instead of throw-
ing the íesponsibihtyon the President, they ought
to take it themselves. He was entirely opposed
to shifting the legislative functions upon the
shoulders of the Evccutive Departments Why
was it that this duty was intrusted to the Presi-
dent > and why was the Executive called upon to
determine whether the expedition should be
formed or not' Why, because the Legislature,
if he understood the gentleman from Maine aright,
were not in possession of facts which wouldjus-
tify them in authorizing the expedition. They
had not the means of deciding whether the expe-
dition ought to be undertaken, or not, and because
they had not the infoimation necessary for them
to decide, they were called upon to appropriate
a large sum of money, and to authorize another
large sum to be drawn from the funds of the Navy
Department, provided the President should, in
his discretion, think it necessary. He was op-
posed to the amendment, because of its shifting
legislative duties upon the President of the United
States which did not, and ought not, to belong to
him.
Mr. VINTON observed, that he should cer-
tainly not be disposed to shift upon the Executive
duties which did not belong to him; but he thought
the amendment proposed by the Committee of
Naval Affairs ought to prevail. What did that
amendment propose ' If he understood it, it was
simply to authorize the Piesident to send out an
exploring expedition to the South seas, if he
should deem it necessary We have (said Mr.
V.) in those seas a vast commerce—four hundred
ships engaged in the fisheries there, who were
almost unknown to the rest of the world, and
