424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
without mans and charts, in seas more perilous
than any other; and when they were wrecked
there, thev were entirely lost to the world. 1 he
oniert of this proposition was to procure surveys
of til ose seas, and better security to our com-
merce in those regions; which, if it could be done,
would be a new source of wealth to the nation.
Now, what was this discretion left to the Pres-
ident, and how could it be abused > Was the
discretion not to be left with the Presidant merely
because it was a discretion ? Did it confer office
on any one' Then how could it be abused ? The (
President did every day the same thing that was
proposed by this amendment. Before sending a |
fleet to the"Mediterranean, or any other part of
the globe, Congress authorized him to do the
same kind of duty. The information could not
be obtained by the House at the present session,
and could only be procured from seamen engaged
in that business; and they can inform the Exec-
utive of the charts and maps of those seas to be
procured; and if it should turn out that there are
maps and charts sufficient to enable them to navi-
gate those seas with safety, and there was no ne-
cessity for such expedition, then of course there
would be no occasion to expend there one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. Rut if, on the
contrary, the President of the United States should
be satisfied that there was, a total want of those
maps and charts, and if he shouid be satisfied that
there were probably other sources of wealth in
those regions, then let him order the expedition
to be fitted out. We should also contribute our
mite towards the advance of science; and he be-
lieved we had done less than any other portion
of the globe. He did not, however, concur in
the views of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Hawes,] in relation to the advancement of sci-
ence.
Mr. MERCER eould not vote for the amend-
ment, because he could not agree with gentlemen
in relation to the discretion left the President. He
questioned, too, whether the House had the right
to direct the President in relation to this matter.
Congress never had attempted to direct the Presi-
dent to send a force to any particular quarter,
and he could not recognize their right to do it in
this instance.
Mr. TOUCEY had thought he should not have
heard a constitutional objection to the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. The amendment proposed to be introduced
into this bill was a proposition authorizing the
President of the United States, if, upon ex-
amination, he should not find it expedient to send
out the expedition, to decline sending it out;
and limiting the appropriation to one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. If there was any force
in the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Patton,] it went to the whole proposition,
and not to the amendment now under considera-
tion. Surely, if Congress could authorize an ex-
pedition of this kind, which he had no doubt of,
they could authorize the President, if the expedi-
tion ought not to be sent out, to refrain from
sending it; thus leaving it in his power to send it
or not, as the public interest required. He fore-
bore to say anything on this appropriation upon
a subject which was not upon earth", as that was
tota calo different from the present subject.
Mr. W. B.SHEPARD called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, if the House would
permit the Navy bill to be finished on this day, he
would on Monday ask the House to take up the
District bills.
Mr. SHÉPARD observed that, if the House
was prepared to take the vote on the Navy bill, he
should throw no objection in the way.
Mr. PATTON said it was not at all a new thing
to him, when he or any other gentleman made a
constitutional objection to any particular measure,
that it should be received with surprise. He
knew this to be the case, and he regretted it. ft
was a fact deeply tobe lamented, that to all prac-
tical purposes of legislation in this country they
were as perfectly unrestrained by the Constitu-
tion as if that instrument had been thrown into
the fire the day after it went into operation. With
all deference to the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Toucet,] it seemed to him that he could
have shown himself off to much greater advantage
if he had shown the committee whether the power
existed to pass such a ¡l.* «position. He did not
suppose that his argument presented an insuper-
able objection to the proposition, but he thought
gentlemen who supported it ought to show some
authority to support the proposition.                       ¡
Mr. SHEPARD said he felt it to be his duty
to call for the orders of the day.
Mr. CAMBRELENG proposed that, the House
continue the consideration of the naval bill this
day until disposed of, and that Saturday be set
apart,in addition to Friday, for the consideration
of business relating to the District.                          I
The proposition was negatived.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved  that the
House continue the consideration of the naval
bill this day.    He would pledge himself to vote
for taking up the District business on Monday.
Objection being made, Mr. CAMBRELENG
moved to suspend the rules for the purpose stated;
and as the drafts of the Department, in conse-
quence of the delay in the passage of this bill,
were under protest, he asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion; which were ordered.              i
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the motion by |
setting apart Monday, from twelve o'clock, for
the consideration of District business.                    |
Mr. GRAVES moved to amend the amendment
by inserting one o'clock; which was lost.              |
The amendment of Mr. Mercer was then
negatived.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Cambrellng to suspend the rules for the
purpose of proceeding with the consideration of
the naval appropriation bill; which was decided
in the negative—yeas 114, nays G8, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam", Anthony, Ash, Bean, Beaumont,
BoeLee, Boon. Bordón, Bovce, Buchanan, Burns, Bynuin,
Cainbrcleim, Oarr, Casev, Chapman, John F. II. Claiborne,
Clark, Cleveland, Cotice, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer,
Cu lung, Cu liman, Denny, Dickerson, Doubieday, Drom-
goole, Efiucr, Everett, Farhn, Forester, Towler, Trench,
Try, William K. Tullcr, James Garland, Rice, Garland, Gil-
let", Gla-coek, Grantland, Joseph Hall, Hainer, Haynes,
Henderson, Holsey, Hnpkine, Howard, Hunt, Huntington,
Huntsman, Ingham, Jab"z Jackson, Jams, Joseph John-
son, Cave Jo.nison, Buijamiu Jones, Kennon, Kilgore,
Kinnard, Lan nig, Laportc, Lawlcr, Gideon Lee, Joshua
Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Abijah Mann,
Job Mann, Martin. William M imjii, Maury, McComas, Mc-
■ Kay, McKean, McKun, McLene, Morgan, Muhlenberg,
Owe.is. Page, l'jikcr, Patton, Franklin Pierce,Phelps,John
I Reynold-, Joseph Reynold , Robertson, Rogers Sehenck,
S 'ymour. Shinn, Sickles, Spraiue, Suthcrlann.Taylor, John
I Thomson, Touccy, Turnei, Turril!, Vanderpoel, Vinton,
Wngener, Ward, Wan! well, Weeks, Elislu Whittlesey,
Tiloma-, J. Whittlesey, andSlierrod Williams—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heinan Allen, A«hley,
Bailey, Bond, Bouldin, Bnggs, Bunch, Campbell, Carter,
George Chambers, Clnlds, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, Corwm,
Crane, Dunlup. Evans, Fairfield, Piulo C. Fuller, Granger,
Graves, Gr.ijaon, Grennell, Giifi'm, Haley, Hiland Hall,
Harlan, Hirper, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Hazeltine,
Heister, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Henry Johnson,
Judson,Lane, Lay, Lewis, Love, Moses Manon, Sampson
Mason, McCarty, McKcnnan, Mercer, Miller, Milligan,
Morris, Patterson, Pettigrcw, Phillips, Potts, Ripley, Russell,
William B. Shepard, Augustine H Shepperd,Slade, Sloane,
Spangler, Standeter, Steele. Storer, Taliaferro, Underwood,
Washington, Webster, and Lewis Williams—68.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House then, pursuant to previous order,
setting apart this day and to-morrow for the con-
sideration of business in relation to the District
of Columbia, went into Committee of the Whole
(Mr. Ward in the chair) on the following bill,
entitled
An Act for the relief of the several corporate cities of
the District of Columbia.
JJc it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled,
That the Secretary of the Trea^ry be, and he is hereby,
authorized nud directed to assume,on behalt ot the United
States, and discharge to the holders of the evidences of
debt contracted and entered into between the cities of
Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown, and certain in
dividual, m Holland, negotiated by Richard Rush, E-quire,
on behalf of said corporate bodies, the enure obligation of
paying said debts, with the accruing interest thereon, ac-
cording to the terms of said contract; and that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be directed and authorized to pay, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the corporate authorities of the city ot Washington, the
sum of lour hundred and forty-nine thousand six Hundred
and fifty dollars and eight cents; to the corporate authori-
ties of the city of Alexandria, the sum of one hundred and
fourteen thousand sit hundred and forty dollars and forty-
four cents; and to the corporate authorities of the city of
Georgetown, the sum of one hundred andsi.xteen thousand
seven hundred and ninetj-five dollars and forty eight cents,
in full of all such sum or sums as have been paid by the
said corporations, respectively, in the shape of interest, ex-
changes, costs, and expenses incurred by the terms of said I
•ootract of loas, or iu awl about the negotiation therefor.
Sec. 2. And be it farther cnacleJ, That before the said
Secretary of th  Treasury shall ex -cu'e the duties pre
scribcJ by the fnst section of tin j act, the said coipmate
aulho.ities ol sai 1 eitie-s slialldepo.it t'le said -tock,h«Jd
by them in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, in the
liaiidi of the Secretary of the Treasury, with eomp 'tentai.d
proper in-trum°nts and conveyances in liw, to ve*-t the
same in the said Secretary of the Trea-ury,and ms ucee,
sors in office, for, and on behalf of, the United States, to be
held in trust to receive the dividends on. ProvideJ, aln,avs,
That if the said corporate authorities of said cities shall,
within ten yeais after the passage of this act, repay to the
United States the amount which shall be paid undsr and
by virtue of this act for, and on behalf o!, the said cor-
porate authorities, respectively, the Secretary oí the Treas-
uiy lor the time being shall thercupo i transiei and deliver
up the said stock to the said corporate authorities, so repay-
ing the said sums to the United States.
Mr. PARKER moved to strike out the first
section of the bill, and insert what follows;
Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury b',and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to assume, in b 'half
of the United States, a debt of ¡§1,000.003 due liv the corpor-
ation of Washington, a debt of i-ü.1.000 due by the corpor-
ation of Alexandria, and a debt of «-2ó, ,0J J duo by the cor-
poration of Georgetown, which debts were contracted by
the said corporations, respectively, to pay their subscrip-
tions to the stock of the Chesapeake and O no Canal Com-
pany, under the authority of the act entitled " An act to
i enlarge the powers of the several corporations of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for oth"r purposes," approved Miy
I 24,1338, the interest on which debts shall herealter be
i paid by the United  States in half-yearly payments at the
1 Treasury.
|     And be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to purchase the funded debt
of anyone or more of the United States, bearing an interest
' of not less than five per cent, per annum, to the amount of
i $1,503.000, to be held by the United States in trust, to
I receive the dividends of interest acciuing, and to accrue
thereon, (rom time to time, and to apply the same to ihc
payment of theinterest accruing,and to h >conic du^ on the
debt ol the several corporations a.'oresaid, the payment of
i which is hereby assumed.
And be it enacted, That when the whole, or any part of
the principal sum of the di-bts of the said corporations
hereby assumed shall become due and payable, it snail bs
the duty of the Treasurer, and he is hereby authonz 'd to
sell so much of the stock of the States, purchased by the
United States under the provisions of this act, as may bs
equal to the amount of the debt of the «aid corporations
then due and payable, and to apply the necessary amount
arising from such sale to the payment and final discharge
¡ of the debt aforesaid.
Mr. PARKER also moved to add the follow-
ing after the second section of the bill:
And be it enacted, That all the buildings, lots, and parts
of lots owned by the United States in the city oí Washing-
ton, now remaining unsold, and not granted by any act of
i Congress, be, and the same are, hereby declared to be held
in trust lor the benefit of the city of Washington to bo «old
and disposed of at such times and in such parcels or quan
titles as the corporate authorities of the said citv shill di-
rect; the money arising from such sale to be appln d solely
to the discharge of the principal of such of the debts of Un
i said city now existing as are not provided lor by this act;
and all sales of the said lots, or any part thereof, shall be
at public gale, and to the highest bidder, and sixty days' no
tiec of tlie time and place ot sale shall be given, i.i twooi
more of the public newspapers printed in the city ot Wash-
ington, and any person purchasing shall be allowed, at his
or her option, to pay for the same in money, or in any dob!
of the said city now existing, to the payment ot which the
money, if paid, is herein directed to be applied.
Jind be it enacted, That upon notice ol any sale of the
said lots, and payment of the consideration as herein di-
rected, the Commissioner of the Public Buildings shall con-
vey to the purchaser or purchasers all lots and parts of lots
so sold, and all the right, title, and interest of the United
States of, in, and to the same.
And be it enacted,   That the sum of----------dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
! money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
payment of the interest now due and remaining unpaid
up >n the debts of the said corporations assumed by the first
sections of this act.
i     .And be it enacted, That an act entitled " An act to enlarge
1 the powers of the several corporations of the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes," approved May 24,
1838, be, and the same is hereby, repealed : Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to annul
or invalidate any act or proceeding had or done in virtue
thereof.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD said a few words in
opposition to the amendments, and expressed a
hope that the committee would rise and report the
bill to the House, where the gentleman's prop-
ositions could be discussed. He could see no
reason why the amendment should be adopted,
for it did not save a shilling of money, and in-
volved as large a grant as the bill itself. He would
not, however, discuss the merits of the bill in
committee.
The amendments were then severally negatived
without a count.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out the
proviso to the second section,   s follows:
Provided always, That if the said corporate authorities of
said cities shall, within ton years after the passage ct this
