1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
lorporuions of the District, in full of all such
mnn as hnve bien pttd by the said corporations
nsi*t ívily, in the shape of mterist, exchanges,
cos s, and i \p  uses mc in  d by the terms of said
con 11 t or loan, (Jrom Holland,) orinand about
t ie n> puliation therefor The amendment was
bn.flv advooind by Mr JARVÍS, Mr. VIN-
TON. Mr HVRDIN, and Mr GitAVES.and
opposed by Mr MERCER and Mr. WASH-
INGTON
The amendment of Mr Jvrms «u then nega-
tived—ayes 61, noes 62, when
The committee rose, reported the bill as amend-
ed to the House, and, on motion of Mr. HAR-
DIN,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Fridat, Mat/ 6, 1633.
The folio  ms: mt ssnge was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Dokel-
so\, his Private Secretary.
T  Ike Stmate ami Homm of Reyrtsentalivts •
B.Ueviat that the act of the Uth July, 1833, does not
enable the Executive to cam into effect the recentli ne-
fouafd additional article to the treatv of limits with M'i
ico, I herewith transmit to Congress copies ot that article,
that Dm- necessary lef illative provisions may be made for
its laithful execution on the part of the I nited States
ANDREW JACKSOV
Wimwoi, Mag Uth, 1836.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr.  DAVIS, from the Committee on
Com-
merce, reported without amendment the bill from
the House for the relief of Joseph W. Gree_n and
others.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, who had been instructed by a resolu-
tion of the Senate to inquire into the expediency
of granting a pension to Stephen Bohanan, re-
ported a bill for his relief, which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which had been referred
the petition of Augustus Jones, reported a bill
for his relief, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.               ___                                       |
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the Commit- |
tee on  Naval Affairs was  discharged from the |
further consideration of the resolution directing j
them to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a navy-yard at Baltimore.
Mr SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
to which had been referred the memorial of the
City Couiirilof Charleston,South Carolina, pray-
ing thai a navy-yard may be established at that
place, and the resolution of the Senate directing
them to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a navy-yard at Key West, made reports
thereon
MR. MELVILLE.
Mr CALHOUN presented some additional
documents to substantiate the statements of Mr
Melville, the dismissed custom-house officer of
New port, Rhode Island, whose petition he had
presented some time ago.
BA>K. NOTES.
Mr. EWING moved that there be printed one
thousand extra copies of the additional report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, made some days
ago in answer to his resolution of inquiry relative
to the bank notes received from the land offices by
the d< posit banks, and the transí r of funds from
the West to the East.
Mr. E. begged leave to say, in reference to that
report, that it was called for in consequence of a
circular from one of the deposit banks, in which
it was declared that none of the notes of the other
banks of Ohio would be received unless they
would agree to give drafts on Baltimore in pay-
ment for them at thtrty days after date. This
would be rather a serious matter to these banks,
considering the high rate to which exchange had
risen.
In the first part of the Secretary's report, he
says, that the deposit banks have the authority
to say what shall be received in payment for the
public lands other than gold and silver; and he
justifies them on the ground that they are answer-
able to the Treasury for gold and silver, or its
equivalent Now, (said Mr. E.,) it was not a
cause of complaint with the Ohio banks that the
deposit banks required of them to pay gold and
silver; it was not cold and silver that the deposit
banks wanted The complaint was, that the
deposit banks would not take the notes of banks
that paid specie on demand. It was not specie
that these deposit banks wanted—it was the ex-
change which they sold at a profit He saw, by
a recent publication, that they had agreed to re-
ceive the notes of some distant banks, and the
weakest banks in the State; but at the same time
they refused to receive the notes of banks their
next-door neighbors; such, for instance, as the
Franklin Bank of Columbus, one of the most
able and solvent banks in the State, whose notes
they could instantly get specie for, only by walk-
ing across the street.
In another part of the Secretary's report he
found that the reasons given by these deposit
banks, that they had to transmit the greater part
of their collections to the East, were not sustained
by him He had been under the impression that
they had to do so, but, to his great surprise, he
found that the Secretary only required them to
transmit one two hundred and fifty-third part of
their receipts to the East. But why (Mr. E.
said) did these deposit banks want the exchange'
It was that they might make a profit out of it—
a brokerage out of the money of the United
States.
One other thing was said by the Secretary in
this report,and that was, the facilities of exchange
never were better than they were at the present
time. He (Mr. E.) mentioned this, not to con-
tradict the Secretary, for a contradiction here was
of no consequence whatever. He mentioned this
sm?le fact, that it might go abroad to the world—
to the merchants and men of business in the
United States, that they might know what the
Secretary of the Treasury has stated to Congress
He did not contradict the Secretary, for the mer-
chants and men of business knew whether the
state of exchange was favorable or otherwise.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked that he tendered
hia thanks to the Senator from Ohio for having
renewed the motion which he presented a few
days past to the Senate, (the consideration of
which was postponed upon the Senator's  mo-
tion,) to have printed a thousand extra copies of
I the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,which
was communicated to the Senate in answer to the
resolution which that Senator had offered requir-
ing the Secretary to inform the Senate " what
amount of moneys of the United States, received
for public lands in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri, and the Michigan Terri-
tory, had been, in pursuance of his instructions,
transferred to banks in the eastern cities since the
30th of June, 1835, and that he designate the
banks from and to which such transfers had been
made."  It will be recollected that, when the first
part of the Secretary's report came in, in part
answerto this resolution ofthe Senator from Ohio,
he had moved that a thousand extra copies should
be printed, and when the report now under con-
sideration was communicated   he  had made a
similar motion. In nakmg these motions he was
principally governed by a desire to give early in-
formation to the public; so that if the Secretary
ofthe Treasury had been in fault, in relation to
this matter, it should be known  as extensively,
at least, as the reports should be circulated—and
that, if no blame was chargeable  upon him, he
might stand acquitted from something more than
a mere insinuation, which, in the progress of this
affair, had been, in his judgment, cast upon that
officer.    He therefore tendí red to the Senator his
thanks for having renewed the motion, and if
he had rightly understood the remarks which had
just been made by the Senator fiomOhio,he had
not undertaken to gainsay any part of the report
itself, or to complain ofthe Secretary for the man-
ner in which he had answered his resolution. He
He was not disposed to i ngage himself in any mat-
ter in controversy between the deposit banks in
|  Ohio and the other banks of the State  Whatever
the Senator had been pleased to say as to the course
and conduct of the State banks, having the public
money in  deposit, with reference to the other
banks of that State, did not seem to require any
notice from him      He was disposed to let these
banks manage their own affairs in their own
way; it was merely his purpose to show that the
course and the conduct of the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the subject of the public money
in deposit in Ohio, and in the other States men-
tioned in the resolution of the Senator, was wholly
unexceptionable; that he had pursued towards
the banks of those States, as far as he had
authority to interpose, the same liberal, just, and
impartial course which he had pursued towards
the banks in the other States.
It certainly was known to the Senate that the
bills of the State banks are not by law receivable
for the public lands. Nothing but gold and silver,
and bills of the Bank of the United States, are
by law receivable; and whatever regulations are
made between the banks who have the public
money in deposit, and who are tu be called upon
to transfer, or in any way to disburse it, and
other banking institutions, upon the subject of
their own paper currency, is matter exclusively
for them, ana with which the Secretary can have,
and should have, nothing to do. The deposit
banks are liable, in pursuance of the contrast
between the Government and them, to pay out
the deposits in specie—to transfer their funds,
without charge, to any section of the country
where they may be wanted for expenditure, or
where they maybe preserved in greater security.
It must be, therefore, wholly a regulation between
the banks themselves—a regulation for their con-
venience—entered into for their accommodation,
and the accommodation of the public, and which
will be observed so long as, and no longer, than
it will be conducive to their interests.
Mr H. remarked, that although he had very
cursonly looked through the report of the Sec-
retary ofthe Treasuiy in manuscript, yet he was
not disposed to discuss that rcpoit at this time.
The report, when published, would speak for
itself, it would show the principles upon which
the tiansfers of public money arc made from one
point to another. The report will clearly show
that they are made to a given point, when a greater
expenditure is there demanded than the ordinary
collections at that given point will meet the re-
quirements of the Government. The report will
show that these transfers are sometimes made,
very properly, with a regard to the safety and
security of the public money, but never have
these transfers been ordered by the present head
of the Treasury Department, unless for some
such just and meutonous consideration which I
have mentioned. Never have they been ordered
with a view to prejudice, to weaken, to embarrass
the section or the money market at the point from
which these transfers have been made. The
Secrctaiv ofthe Tieasury is incapable of being
influenced by any such blameworthy considera-
tions.
Mr H said all he desired was, that the report
might be published, and that all judgments upon
its merits or demerits might be suspended, until
it shall have been printed, read, and considered.
He thought he hazarded little in saying, that
when well examined it would give to the Senator
from Ohio himself entire satisfaction—that it
would afford entire satisfaction to the Senate and
to the whole community. It would show most con-
clusively, that the Secretary ofthe Treasury was
not, in relation to this matter, in the least degree
hable to censure. He would merely add that, un-
less he was greatly mistaken, the report would
show, so far from pursuing an oppressive course,
that no more money had been transferred from
those points of collection than a proper regard
to public convenience and economy demanded;
that it will be found that there was left in deposit
within the limits of Ohio, at the latest returns,
millions more than were in deposit in that State
in June, 1835, and more than, in all probability,
will be required for public expenditures within
that State for the whole of the current year; and
the same remark will apply to the other feuates
and to the Terntoiy nam. d in the resolution of
the Senator It will be found that more of the
I public money was at tht last returns in deposit
I in Ohio alone, than in all the New England States,
I Massachusetts excepted. He did not, however,
wish to pursue this subj. ct further. He hopia
I that the motion of the Senator would prevail
I that the thousand copies would be published, and
