1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
enough to complete the work. Now $15,000
more were asked, and he supposed next session
the v would be cilled on for $15,000 more.
Mi. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, lephed that he
had no such undustanding when the last appio-
pnation was made.
Mr. JOHNSON said this work had already
cost the countiy §155,000.
Aftei a few woids fiom Messrs. GRENNEL,
McKAY, and TOUCEY, the amendment was
agreed to—ayes 83, noes 43.
The other amendments of the Senate were then
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee took andconsideud the amendment of the
Senate to the bill providing for the salaucs of
certain officers therein named, [extra clerks,] and
for other purposes; and the amendment was con-
curred in.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose, and the bills, as amended, were
reported to the House.
The House then concurred with the Commit-
tee of the Whole in their agreement to the Sen-
ate's amendment to the last mentioned bill, after
a veibal amendment thereto being inserttd at the
suggestion of Mi. McKiy.
The amendments of the Senate to the civil ser-
vice bill were then taken up, as íeported from the
Committee of the Whole, and seveially concurred
in, with the exception of the one disagieed to in
committee, and that relating to Gales & Seaton's
American State papers; which last was excepted
to by Mr. JOHNbON.
The amendment providing foi extra compensa-
tion to the judges of the eastern and middle dis-
tricts of Florida was then taken up, the question
being on concurring with the Committee of the
Whole in their disagreement thereto.
The amendment was briefly discussed by
Messrs. OWENS, CAMBRELENG, JOHN-
SON, of Tennessee, and PARKER, when the
report of the committee was concurred in, and
the Senate's amendment disagreed to.
The Senate's amendment in relation to Gales
& Seaton's American State Papers being then
taken up—
Mr. JOHNSON asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered; and the amendment
was agreed to.
An amendment of the Senate to the joint reso-
lution of the House to suspend the sales of lands
acquired by the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek,
was, on motion of Mr. Bell, taken up and con-
curred in.
DEFENSE OF THE WESTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked the consent of
the House to go into committee on the bill re-
ported yesterday, for the defense of the western
frontier of Louisiana.
Mr. WASHINGTON hoped the gentleman
would permit several bills relating to the District
of Columbia to be disposed of to-day.
M r. CAMBRELENG would cheerfully aid the
gentleman in the attainment of the object on
Monday next.
Objection being made, Mr. CAMBRELENG
moved to suspend the rules for the purpose stated.
The bill which he proposed to take up ought not
to be postponed. He had warned the House a
month since, that in relation to the defense of the
frontiers they were slumbeungupon their posts,
and before another month elapsed they would
find that he had not been mistaken.
Mr. HOPKINS asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules; which weie
ordered; and were—yeas 154, nays 34; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Adam , Chilton Allan, Anthony, Ash,
Ashley, Bailey, Bean, Bell, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Bovce,
Brown, Bunch, Burns, John Calhoon, Cambreleng, Camp-
bell, Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Nathaniel H. Clai-
borne, John F H Claiborne,Clark,Cleveland,Cole's,Con-
nor, Craig, Cramer, Cushing, Cushinan, Deberry, Denny,
Dickerson, Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Everett, Fair-
field, Forester, Fowler, French, Fry, William K Fuller,
James Garland, Eiee Garland, Gillett, Glascock, Granger,
Grantland, llalev, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Harlan, Harper,
Albert G Harnson, Samuel S Harrison, Hiwes, Haynes,
Heister, Hol ev, Hopkins, Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman,
Ingtitooll, Inglnin, Jabez Jackson. Janes, Jarvis, Cave
Johnson, Henry Johnson, Richard M Johns>on, Benjamin
Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kinnard, Klingensmith, Lane,
Lansing, Lawler, Lav, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Luke Lea,
Lewis, Lincoln, Logan, Loyall,Lucas, Lyon, Abijan Mann,
Job Mann, Martin, John Y Mason, Mose  Mason, William
Ma-on, Maury, MiCart\,M(Crana-, McKav, McKcnnan,
Mckcon, MeLene.Milligin, Morgan, Muhl nherg, 0\\> ns,
Page, Paiks, Patterson, Patton, James A Pearc , franklin
Pi-rce, Ptttigrtw, Pevton, Phelps, Pinckmy, John Rey-
nolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripl„v, lloane, Robertson, Rogers,
Ru.m1I, frchciuk, bcymour. Augustine II. Shcpperd,
Shield-,, Slunn, Sickle , SI ide, Slo me, Spraguc,Stmdefer,
Storer, Mitherland, Taylor, John 1 homson, Waddy Thomp-
son, foucey, Towns,'1 urin r, Turrill, Yanderpocl, Wag
encr, Ward, Waidvvell, Washington, Webster, Weekb,
White, Tiloma  T WhittL-siy, Shcrrod William., and Wise
— 1j4
N *YS—Messrs Hcman Allen, Bond, Briggs, William B
Calhoun, G„orge Chamber , Coram, Crane, Darlington,
Evans, Piulo C Tulh r, Giayson, G« ,inell, Griffin, Hiland
Hail, Haidin, Hazeltun, Hoar, Howell, kilgorc, Laporte,
1 Simpson Mason, Mcrcir, Mom., Phillip , Pott-, Reed,
Rt ncher, Spangler, Steele, Talla erro, Underwood, Vinton,
Eh.ha Whittlesey, and Lewis William.—T4
More than two thirds voting in the affirmative,
the motion was carried; and the House accord-
ingly went into committee, (Mr. Whittlesey,
of Ohio, in the chair,) on the following bill:
A Bill making an appropriation for the defense of the west
crn frontier
Be it enacted hy the Senate an I House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcnca in Congress assembled.
That the sum of $1,000,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap
propnated out of the money in the Treasury not otherwisi
appropriated, to defiay the exp-nses attending the delensc
ot the western frontier of the United States, to be cipendul
under the direction of the Secret iry ot War, conlorm iblc
to the provisions ot the act of April 5, 1832, making an
appropriation tor the suppoit of the Armv
Mr. CAMBRELENG sent to the table the
following documents, embiacmg all the informa-
tion in the possession of the committee on this
subject:
War Department, January 23,1836.
Sir • I am instructed by the President to request that you
would repair to -ome proper position near the western fron
tier of the State of Lom-iana, and there a-sume the per
sonal command of all the troops of the United States who
arc, or may be, employed in any part of the region adjoin
ing the Mexican boundary It is not the object of this order
to change at all the relations between yourself and the mil
itary departments under joureommind, but to require your
personal presence at a point where public considerations
demand the exercise of great discreta in and experience
An order will be issued without delay to the sixth regiment,
to proceed to Fort Jesup; and this force, together with all
the troop3 in the western part ot Louisiana, and in the
country west of the Mississippi and south of the Missouri
rivers, will be employed, as occasion may require, in carry-
lnginto effect the instructions herein communicated to vou
The state of affairs in Texas calls for immediate measures
on the part of the Government    It is the duty of the United
States to remain entirely neutral, and to cause their neu
[ tra ity to ba respected     It is possible that the course of op-
erations mny mdnce one or other of the contending parties
to approach the boundary line, with a vi< w to cross it in I
I arms     Should vou find that the case, you will give notice I
! to the persons having the direction, that they will not be
permitted to cross into the territory of the United States;
l and if they attempt to do so by force, you will resist them
with the means at vour disposal
The thirty third article of the treaty with Mexico requires
both the contracting parties to prevent, " bv force, all hos
tilines and incur-ion  on the part ol the Indian nations hv
ing within their respective boundaries, so that the United
States of America will not suffer their Indians to attack the
citizens of the Mexican States,' &c
The provisions of this article you will cause to be faith-
fully enforced; and the various Indian agents and the officers
ot the Indian department in that region will be required to
furnish you any information in their power in relation to
this matter, and to carry into effect any instructions you
mav give You will make known to the various Indian
tribes inhabiting that part of the United State*, the deterni
inntion of the Government to prevent any hostile incursions
into Texas; and you will call upon the chiefs to inculcate
upon all their people the necessity of carefully abstaining
from any violation of the abovementioned engagement, and
you will not hesitate to use the force at your disposal for
the putpose ot preventing any such designs.
Should you be called upon by the civil authority for am
aid towards enforcing the laws having relation to the neutral
duties of the United States, you will render such assistance
as the laws prescribe.
You are requested to communicate freely with the dis-
trict attorneys of both the district  of Louisiana, on all
points of law connected with the execution of the instruc-
tions ; and those officers will be desired to give you their
opinion
I will thank you to keep me mlvised of any occurrences
in that quarter, which it may be important for the Govern-
ment to know
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
LEW: CASS,
Major General E P. Gaives, Memphis, Tennessee
Head Quarters Western Department,
Baton Rocql, March 20, 1836.
Sir: I have receivid, not until yesterday, an official copy
of your letter of the 23d January last, by which I have the
satisfaction to be m'orined that the President of the United
States has been pleased to direct my immediate attention to
i the western frontier of the State ot Louisiana, in order to
I preserve, if necessary, by force, the neutrality of the United j
States
In obedience to this order, I have availed myself of the very
first steamboat convevance that offered after the receipt ot
the order, to proceed to Baton Rouge, to.enable me to ascer
tain to what extent the arsenal there will furnish ordnance
] and ordnance stores, for the prompt and efficient discharge
of the duties assigned to me—duties winch derive great im
portance from the recent accounts of the sanguinary man-
ner in winch the Mexican forces seem disposed tocarrj on
the war against our Texan neighbors. (See the accompa
nying newspapers.)
Upon this point, I tak( leave to suggest w hether it may or
may not become necessary, in our oundefense, to speak to
the contending belligerents in a language not to be misunder-
stood — a language requiring force, and military supphi s,
that shall be sufficient, it necessary, for the protection ot
our frontier, to check the savage operations ol each of the
contending parties, who may torga to respect the laws of
war and our neutral rights—until Mexico and the Umted
States shall, by an adjustment of existnig difficulties, put an
end to the scenes of barbarism which cannot but endanger
the peace and other Mtal interests of all the parties con
cerned—scenes of barbarism disgraceful to all who enact or
tolerate them.
Should I find any disposition on the part of the Mexicans
or their red allies to menace our ti ontier, I cannot but deem
it to be niyduty not only to hold the troops of my command
in readiness for action in defense of our slender fronuer, but
to anticipate their lawless movements, by crossing our sup
posed or imaginary national boundary, and meeting the sav-
age marauders wherever to be lound, in their approach
tow ards our frontier
Should I err in this view of the subject, in which, how-
ever, I am convince d the laws of war and of nations will
bear me out, I shall be gratified to receive the views of the
President, to winch I shall scrupulously adhere But if it
bo otherwise—if my ovvn mw> are approved, I shall, in
that event, have occasion for some mounted volunteers,
with other fores sufficient to make my numerical strength
equal to the estimated strength of the contending parties,
which is now estimated at eight thou md to twelve thou
sand men. (8,000 to 12,000 men ) With a view to this pos
sible contingency, I have already desired the fine legionarv
brigade, commanded by General Plauche, of the city of
N( w Orleans, to calculate on the possibility of my having
occasion to invite the legion to join me To this suggestion
the officers of the legion, with the gallant general at their
head, cordially responded that they would, whenever it
might be deemed necessary, promptly repair to the frontier,
dehglrted with the opportunity of carrying into effect the
wishes of the President, under whosi immediate command
many of these officers had distinguí'lied themselves in the
defense of their city and State in the memorable triumphs
of December, 1814, and January, 181 j
All which is submitted for the information of the President
of the United States
With profound respect,            EDMUND P GAINES,
Major General Commanding'
To the Hon. Lewis Cass, Secretary of War.
P S I arrived at the city of New Orleans at seven
o'clock, a m , and departed therefrom on board this steam-
boat at seven o'clock, p m yesterdav, having taken my
passage on board the steamboat the Levant, bound from
New Orleans for Natehitoehes, and to be at Baton Rouge
on the 1st of April, Fnday next                             E P. G.
Washington, «íj)ri¡ 25,1836.
Sir    Your letter of the 29th ultimo was received at the
Department a few days since, but I have been prevented by
indisposition from giving it an earlier answer
I inclose lor your information a copy ot the memorandum
of an official conference between the Secretary of State
and the Mexican Minister, respecting the present state of
affairs upon the southwestern bordersof the Imtid States
You will consider, as a part of your mstruc Hon , tin decla-
ration made by the Secretary of State, and govern yourself
accordingly.
It is not the wish of the President to take advantage of
present circumstances, and thereby obtnn possession of
any portion of the Mexican territory Still, however, the
neutral duties, as well as the neutral rights of the United
States, will justify the Government in taking all necessary
measures to prevent a violation of their territory Rt cent
events induce the belief that the Mexican forces, as well
a« the inhabitants of Texas, must be in a high state of ex-
citement In that portion of the country there are many
Indian tribes whose habitual predisposition to engage in
war is well known, as is, aNo, their reckless disregard of
anyoftht claims of humanity And from information which
has readied the Government, there is too much reason to
believe that efforts have been made to induce these Indians
to join the Mexican troops. It may, therefore, well be, as
you anticipate, that these various contending parties may
approach our frontiers, and that the lives and property of
our citizens may be placed in jeopardy. Should this be the
case, the President approves the suggestion you make, and
you are authorized to take such position, on either side of
the imaginary boundary line, as may be best for yourde
fensive operations You will, however, rnder no circum-
stances, advance farther than old Fort Nacogdoches, which
is within the limit  of the United States, as claimed by this
Government. But y ou will please to observe, that this per-
mission will not be exercised, unless vou should find such
an advanced position necessary to afford due security to
the frontier in consequence of the unsettled state of things
beyond y ou
You will please to explain fully your views and instruc-
tions to any armad parties who may be marching towards
you, and should tney continue to threaten vour position, or
to manifest a design of crossing into the Lnited Sutes, you
are authorized to attsck and repel them
I have this day, by direction of the President, requested
the Governors of Louisiana and Mississippi to call into
i service any militia force you may find necess«iv ¡or the pro-
! tection ot the frontiers.   Tin  force must be culled out for
I a term of not less than six months from the dav they reach
