1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
shall exist, it will be the duty of the Government
of the United States to decide the question
What, then, vasked Mr M ,) is the question
under consult ration ■ And why ha\e the meas-
ures htvMi adopted which induce a call tor this ap-
propriation '
In the prosecution of a fixed policy, the United
Stale* have removed toa tract oí country wist of
the Mississippi bordering on Texas, Indian tribes,
utih a population now there estimated at one
hundred and sixty thousand. In the trtaty with
Mexico, ratified in 1831, there are mutual stip-
ulations, binding each of the Republics to restrain
bv force the Indians within tneir respective limits,
from hostilities against the other. We are not
only bound to protect our own frontier, but to
repress the hostile movements of these pow erful
Indian tribes already restless and discontented,
whose disposition to join in the contesta must be
extremely difficult to restrain, if the country in
their immediate vicinity shall, as it probably will,
become the seat of war. Nothing is so w til cal-
culated to accomplish this object as the presence
of a strong military force on the part of the
United States. It raay be said that Mexico will
not complain, but may invite them to join in the
conflict Whether Mexico complains or not, it
is the duty of the United States to prevent the In-
dians from engaging la war, because there can be
no doubt of the correctness of the opinion of
General Gaines, that they will, when in arms, re-
spect no boundary, real or imaginary, and that
the calamities of their hostility will be felt by our
people.
A general officer of great experience and dis-
cretion, and of acknowledged bravery, charged
with the duty of defending this frontier, has
communicated* to the War Department his appre-
hensions of hostile feelings and movements on
the part of the Indians, and of the possible event
of a violation of our territory and neutrality by
the belligerents in Mexico. Orders have been
given to collect a force sufficient to awe the sav-
ages into peace, and to restrain either of the con-
tending parties in Texas from entering our terri-
tory with arms is their hands. An estimate is
sent from the proper Department, asking an
appropriation to furnish the means of affording
this protection to our own citizens, and to enable
the Executive, in good faith, to execute the
treaty. It is true that General Gaines, in execu-
ting the orders of the Government given to ac-
complish these objects, had been authorized to
advance within the territory claimed by Mexico;
but the United States has notified the Mexican
Government that, in taking such a position, the
purpose has not been to take an adversary pos-
session of the territory in dispute, but with the
single intention of executing the treaty, and pre-
serving our neutrality. So far from being a
war measure, it is declared to be provisional and
precautionary, and it is the only prudent measure
by which peace is to be preserved and war pre-
vented. The committee would observe, that in
these orders both the contending parties were
placed on the same footin -,and that the Govern-
ment, abstaining from any interference with the
war between them, was determined to do equal
justice to both.
Mr. M.said he did not undertake to determine
whether even these precautionary measures
would secure peace; but, believing them essen-
tial, whether peace is to continue or war is to
be encountered, he should consider himself shame-
fully wanting in duty if he were not to respond
to this call by placing at the command of the
Executive the means of maintaining our neutral-
ity, of protecting our soil from the aggressions
of any who may be disposed to invade it, and of
restraining a savage war in which our own citi-
zens must be the greatest sufferers. He saw, in
the orders to General Gaines, a clear recognition
of the principle of neutrality; a disposition to do
exact justice to both parties, a firm resolve to
protect the American people from violence; and
a faithful observance of the obligation of treaties.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was still convinced of
the propriety of postponing the further consid- i
eration of this subject until Monday, at least, I
for he was not disposed to vote hastily on it; and
if compelled to act to-day, he should feel com-
pelled to vote against tne appropriation altogether.
He feared the tfttct of passing this bill, after the
communications that had been read to-day, it
would ffiv-c the Mi xieans íeason to believe that
we anticipated a war, as it would be sanctioning
the conduct ot General Gaines in enteiing their
territory. He thought they should inseit a dec-
laration that the condmt of General Gaines, if
he entered the Mexican borders, would be disap-
proved of The gentleman fiom Virginia [Air.
Mason] said that General Gaines was justified
in passing the border, because he did it to main-
tain the treaty. Santa Anna might invade the
United States, and justify himself under the same
pretext For the purpose of considering the sub-
ject alter more mature deliberation, he moved
that the committee rise; which was lost—ayes
61, noes 96
Mr. U. then moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing a prov iso that the appropriation should not
be understood as giving any sanction to any in-
vasion, by the troops of the United States, of the
terntory of the United Mexican States, which
was not agreed to.
Mr McKAY then moved to amend the bill by
providing that the money should be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
according to the act of the 28th February, 1795,
providing for calling forth the militia, and the act
of 2d January, 1795, regulating the pay. <le., of
the militia, when called into actual service
Mr. CAMBRELENG did not know the pre-
cise effect of the amendment proposed, but pre-
sumed it was in conformity to the provisions
of the act of 1795. When the bill making an
appropriation for the Seminole war passed this
House, the amount was to be expended accord-
ing to law, that provision was stricken out, and
the reference to the act of 1832 was substituted,
that refers to the act of 1828, and the last to the
act of 1795. If he comprehended the amendment,
he saw no objection to it. While up, he would
express his surprise at the extraordinary course
the debate had taken. We had been discussing
the question of a war with Mexico, and the Ad-
ministration were charged with a design to create
it; while it was manifest that they had determ-
ined, by every step they had taken in reference
to this war on our border, to preserve the most
rigid neutrality, and to respect the national rights
of Mexico. The President had, but two days
ago, sent us a communication asking for an ap-
propriation to pay the expense of running the
boundary line between this country and Mexico.
We are now called upon for an appropriation to
enable our Government to maintain its neutrality.
Without a strong force, then, (and we ought to
have had ten thousand men there before now ), it
will be impossible to command the respect of
both parties; and, without occupying the position
in the neutral territory, as proposed in a certain
contingency, and without an efficient force, our
neutrality can never be sustained. He was, there-
fore, much surprised at the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr Adams] about
a war with Mexico. We were trying to avoid
one, whatever might be the event.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, addressed the com-
mittee at some length against the bill. He de-
nounced the whole Texan controveisey to be a
" humbug," and this proposition for the defense
of the Southwestern frontier to be a decided hum-
bug for the purpose of bleeding the Treasury and
getting rid of the surplus revenue. He also con-
demned and animadverted with great seventy on
the conduct of General Gaines, as a mere fouith-
of-July speech maker. The citizens of Texas,
now engaged against Santa Anna, he described
to be a set of runaways, and all men of notori-
ously bad characters, most of whom had fled their
native country for their crimes, and to escape a
halter; and the fate which some of them had met
in Texas was not worse than would have fallen to
their lot if they had not run away from their own
country. He ridiculed the sympathy which was
gotten up in behalf of the Texans. They were
termed our brethren, our unfortunate countrymen,
when their characters were such that while they
were among us we would not speak to them if we
met them in the streets.
Mr. BYNUM followed in reply both to the
fentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from
•ouisiana,  [Mr   Garland,] and reviewed the
i                                                                                                                                                                                                                               —
I whole subject involved in the Texan contro-
versy, and urged the necessity of providing for
the defense of our own frontier. [Mr. B.'s ie>
marks wilt be given at length heieaftei ]
Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana, addressed the
House in favor of the appiopnation, and in the
course pursued by the Executive and General
Gaines.
Mi SUTHERLAND also defended the appro-
priation at some length. While he was opposed
to any collision with Santa Anna, yet he was in
favor of having a competent number of brave
troops on the frontier, which would be the best
means of preventing such collision. In conclu-
sion, he hoped the bill would be passed at once,
and that means should be thus provided to meet
any emergency which might occur.
Mr GRAVES was not opposed to the passage
of the bill He concurred, however, with his
colleague [Mr Underwood] that the documents
which had been lead should be printed, and an
opportunity afforded of examining the whole sub-
ject before any final action on it This eouise
was also sanctioned and approved by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr CAMBRELENG here interrupted the gen-
tleman from Kentucky It was true that he had
acqu.esced in the suggestions of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] when the bill
was first taken up. The debate which had since
taken place had changed his opinion entirely. He
had no idea, when he agreed to a postponement
of the measure for a day or two, for the puipose
of enabling gentlemen who desired to do so to
examine the documents which had been read, that
they should have a debate about a Mexican war.
He was now satisfied that any further delay was
unnecessary, and that the bill ought to be passed
before they ad)ourncd that day.
Mr. GRAVES was unable to perceive any
good reason for the change which the gentleman
avowed had taken place as to his course on this
subject. He (Mr G.) still thought that the pa-
pers which had been read, and also the additional
information which had been suggested by several
gentlemen, should be laid before them in a printed
form, before they acted finally on this bill; and
for this purpose, he moved that the committee
rise.
The question being put, there appeared, from
the sound, to be a majouty in the negative; but
a count being called for,
Mr. GRAVES modified his motion, by moving
that the committee rise, and report the bill to the
I House.
The motion was decided to be out of order,
while an amendment was pending.        
Mr. SEVIER next addressed the House in
favor of the bill, and in reply to the remarks of
Mr. Garland, of Louisiana, in íeference to the
boundary line between the United States and
Texas.
After a suggestion or two by Mr. ASHLEY,
the amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed to;
when the committee rose,ieportcd the bill to the
House, and the amendment adopted in committee
was concurred in
Mr. WISE biiefly assigned the reasons which
would induce him to support the bill.
Mr. MASON of Ohio, explained his former
remarks, in reference particulaily to the teimsin
which he had spoken of the citizens of Texas.
He believed that there weie some men of great
respectability residing in that province.
The question being on the thud reading of the
bill, Mr. MILLER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordeitd.and were—
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Chilton Allan, Fieman Alien,
Ash, Ashley, Bailey, Bean, Beaumont, Bell, Coon, lioulilin,
Brown, Burn-, Bjnum, Cimbrcli ng, Bair, Carter, Case},
Chapman, Jo'ln P H Claiborne, Nathaniel H Claiborne,
Clark, Cleveland, Coffee, Cole-, Connor, Craig, Cramer,
Crane, Gushing, Cushman, Darlington, Deberrj, Denny,
Dicker,on, Doublediy, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Forester,
Trench, Fry, Plnlo C Fuller, William K Fuller, Jiines
Girland, Uice Girland, Gillet, Glascock, Granger, Grant-
land, Graves, Gray-on, Griffin, Haley, Hiland Hall, Hamer,
Hannegin, Harper, Albert G Hirrison, Havves, Haynes,
Heisler, Hol-ev, Hopkins, Huntington, Huntsman, Inger-
soll, William Jack-on, Jabez J-ickson, Jams. Jenifer,
Joseph Johnson, Richard M Johnson, Henry Johnson,
Benjamin Jones, lud-on, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard,
Khngcn«smith, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Lay,
Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewis,
Lincoln, Losan, Lovall, Lyon, Abrjah Mann, Job Mann,
