436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
John V Maw . William Ma=or>, Mo>es Mvon, Mann,
MoPomis McK-u, MeKeon, McLcne, Miller, Milligan,
MorC Moms Mublcnberj, Owens Page, Patterson,
PptCVrcn, l'evton. Phelps Phillips, PmcknCN, Jolin Rey-
nolds Jo-cnh Re> nolds Hiplev ,Eu.uie, Robertson, J-clieuck,
S",!.t.i< II 5"i ppe d.St.i.KK ^l.inn.SKU-.t.p-inqler,
f-nndrter. «torcr -*mVr' i id, Tilnierro, 1 n lor. 1 liorna*,
JomTlionv-on, U'addv Thompson. Toueev. Vanderpoel,
U.Tener. Ward, Ward ill, YV<t ter, U o< k>, White,
Eli Ji i \Vl11t1lPsc3. Tlionn- T V\ hitt!e«ev, and W i c—146
\ \Y:?—Mf" -  Ilazeimic, Love, and Pott^—3.
The Dill was then passed, and, at a quarter
before seven, p. m., the House adjourned.
IN  SENATE.
Movdot, .Vay 9, 1836.     •
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to the accounts
of John Brohan, late receiver of public moneys.
Also, a report from the Postmaster General,
in reply to a resolution of the Senate relative to
the compensation of the clerks employed in that
office.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bill from the House making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year 1836, with two amendments, which were
read and agreed to; and the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The message from the House of Representa-
tives, stating its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate relative to the compensation of the
judge of the middle district of Florida, was con-
sidered, and the Senate receded from its amend-
ment.
The message from the House, with the amend-
ments to the bill passed by the Senate for the
relief of the corporate cities of the District of Co-
lumbia, was considered; and,
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
and amendments were referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
DEFENSE OF THE WESTERN FRONTIER.
The bill from the House making appropria
tions for the defense of the western frontier was
read twice, and íeferred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom had been referred the memo-
rial of the Legislature of Missouri, on the subject
of the northern boundary of that State, made a
report thereon, accompanied by a bill; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made unfavorable reports on
the petitions of the heirs of William Chew, and
the heirs of James Mann.
Mr. H , from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Benjamin J. Porter; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. WHITE,
HUBBARD, GOLDSBOROUGH, and TOM-
LINSON.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of a
number of the citizens of Philadelphia on the sub-
ject of the affairs of Texas, and praying Congress
to acknowledge the independence of that country.
Mr. P. said he had íeceived a memoual fiom
citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of those who
were struggling in Texas for liberty, and recom-
mending  to   Congress  an   eaily recognition of
their independence.    He was not at all surprised
that the sympathies of our citizens should  bo
aroused; and it would be very stiange if we, who
had a fresh and vigorous recollection of the events
of our own country, should not have a warm
emotion for struggles for liberty in every coun-
try.   An appeal had been mude to us in every
quarter, where struggles had been made, and had
called forth our deepest sympathies.  A few years
since, when a most desperate effoit was made by
a small community in the center of Europe, and
when, from its unequal chances, its efforts were
certain to be crushed, our most active sympathies
were elicited.    He meant the unfortunate Poles.
He regarded these feelings as honorable to our
national character.    It was not surprising, then,
that our fellow-citizens, in the case of Texas, had
regarded the struggle there with the deepest soli-
citude. Those who were waging that war pro-
fessed the same religion, the same principles, and
talked the sime languso we did, and were strug-
gling agamsta£;rcatlydispioportionate power. In
this piovineo, lying immediately on our south-
western fiontier, woio citizens of our own cinn-
UV, seduced to go tlnne under a liberal promise
of lands, and when they came thcic.the repub'<c
was overthrown, and a usmpci seized upon the
Government with the broken frigments of the
republican constitution in his hands, and was
waging a war at once of Abolition and Catholi-
cism, and crushing those who, under all kinds of
guarantees for civil liberty, had been induced to
migrate there. Mr. P. spoke of the inhuman
massacre of a number of brave individuals, who
were swept oft' at one blow from the ruthless hand
of the usurper, in violation of the rules of war
among civilized nations. He believed there was
no portion of the United States, that had not been
agitated, and deeply aroused by those tragical
events. Scarcely anything of public note had,
in his connection with public affairs, so deeply
affected him; and his hopes were that the stand-
ard of liberty that had there been raised, would
ye* triumph over the barbarity of the usurper.
They were not to exhibit to the world any highly
excited sensibility of feeling, but a high and
determined sencc of justice. He did not intend
to transcend the duties the laws of nations im-
posed on us; but he had heard that Santa Anna
had threatened to cross the Sabine and plant his
standard on the walls of the Capitol at Washing-
ton; and such expressions showed the disposi-
tion of the man, whether he was determined to
cross over into the territory of the United States,
or intended to impose upon the ignorance of his
followers in exhorting them to carry on the
war. But upon the slightest movement of Santa
Anna, either in crossing the line or in coalescing
with the Indians to harass our frontier, he trusted
in God we should be prepared to crush him and
his followers at a blow. As the matter might
assume a character that would give rise to a dis-
cussion at length, and as they could take no
measures at this stage of it, he would, for the
present,move that the memorial be read, and laid
on the table.
Mr. WEBSTER concurred, generally, with
what had been said by the Senator from South
Carolina. The sympathy expressed by him in
favor of the Texans was natural, and was no
doubt pervading the whole country. He agreed
with the gentleman that in the present state of
things it was not necessary for Congress to do
anything but to put the country in a state of
preparation. Beyond that he was opposed to
any measures whatever. In one respect he dif-
fered with the Senator from South Carolina.
Whatever opinions he might form with respect
to the manner in which this war was waged in
Texas, he could not forget that we Were on terms
of peace, and had treaty stipulations with the
Government of Mexico, constituted and organ-
ized as it was at this time. He could not forget
that they, themselves, as component parts of this
Government, had advised and consented to the
entering mto a treaty with Santa Anna, and that,
therefoie, epithets and teims of reprobation
applied to him on this floor were out of place.
With respect to the state of things in Texas, he
would say nothing; he was desirous of hoping for
the best, and preparing foi the worst; but he could
not think it proper to suppose a case of aggres-
sion on the part of Santa Anna, and then say how
he would act to repel it.
With respect to the language said to have been
used by Santa Anna, he could not attach any im-
portance to it. All saw how very ridiculous it was,
and that it was hardly possible foi a poison of
common understanding to have formed such a
design as that imputed to him. Agreeing with
the gentleman from South Carolina in the most
of what he said, and reserving what h^hadfuitr.T
to say as to the defenses of the frontiers till the
defense bill came up, all he would now say was
that, considering the terms we were on with the
Mexican Government, he did not feel himself at
liberty to use terms of íeproach towards the head '
of that Government. He would go for the peace
of the United States, while he would go for her
just rights to the fullest extent.
Mr. PRESTON said, in thinking o\ or this mat-
ter, he endeavored to restrain his feelings, but it
was almost impossible to mcasmo one's lino, m
a matter of thi« kind, by lair 'n<ro of n dip'om Uie
rhaiactcr While the hono'dble S mtn- [Mi.
Wibster] dened peace, ho (M- P ) w->s not
disposed to throw any obstado m the war o^nn -
senilis: U. Ho fnust, howevt i, as n citiz n rf
the Republic of inn no, t \pn ss himself in re-
lation to the recent events in Toxis in the st.o.i"--
est terms of condemnation' and if "uch <", i! ngj,
which the occasion so lmpouously called f>wh,
should burst cut in dospito of all les'nint, it was
not sou prising. Ho dt lied any one to control i>is
impulses on such an occasion withni the 1 nuts
of cold diplomatic language. Wo hid u i osjnizid
diplomatic relations with Mexico undera Govern-
ment rfe/acfo. A Government by w horn ; and when
established' and what sort of a Government' Was
it a Government so long established that it had
grown old in the affections of the people? It was
a Government formed on the rums of a republi-
can constitution. Our policy had been to íocog-
mze Governments de facto, no matter who we ie
at the head of them; and it was true that we had
recognized the Government of Santa Anna rs a
Government de facto, and he was not disponed to
disturb those relations as long as they existed.
We had treated with him, and gained by the
treaty some acquisition of ten ltory; and a fui thcr
treaty was now under negotiation But, novel-
theless, the existence of things was such on our
southwestern  frontier, that we should   be pie-
Eared to meet the next menacing step that might
e taken. The war was now raging along the
line of that frontier by a mixed, heterogeneous,
and ferocious force, commanded by an officer of
some talent. He would forbear involving the
country m a war; and as they were called on here
to forbear an expression of their high and indig-
nant feelings at the cruelty and dishonorable con-
duct of the forces under Santa Anna, he would
content himself by moving that the petition be
printed.
Mr. PORTER said he should like to know the
authority on which the Senator from South Car-
olina stated that Santa Anna had used the lan-
guage, in reference to this country, attributed to
him. If true, it must excite veiy serious con-
sideration in those coming from his section of the
country; but this repoit, like many otheis, might
rest on very slight foundations; or the peison
giving the information might have been misin-
formed.
Mr. PRESTON said he relied with great cau-
tion on reports with regard to the events m Texas
or Mexico. He was very much disposed to be-
lieve that we had, within the last twenty-four
hours, received a correct contradiction of a ieport
that had made his blood run cold; but with respect
to the information asked of him by the Senator
from Louisiana, it would have been better had the
gentleman peimitted it to go abroad on his own
authority. He would, however, now say to him,
that the information came in a letter addressed to
one of the members of that body, the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Walker.] by a gentleman of
the highest respectability now in Mexico.
Mr. WALKER said, that as the fact stated by
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,}
inregardtotho letter in question, had been doubted
by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Porter,}
he would say that such alettei had been received
by him; that he had shown this letter to many
Senators, who had no doubt communicated its
contents to the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Prestos;] that every Senator was at perfect lib-
eity to read the letter, but that a peiusal of it
would show the impropriety of giving the name
of the writer to the public. The writer was, how-
ever, well known to him, [Mr. Walker,] and to
many Senators, and was a most honorable and
estimable gentleman, wholly unconnected with
the difficulties in Texas; and no doubt every word
contained in the letter was strictly true. Here
Mr. W. produced the letter, which was from
Mexico, under date of the 26th of March last, and
read from it an extiact which stated that Santa
Anna, just befoie starting to Texas,had stated to
the British and French Ministers, that he would
drive the Texans across the Red river, and mto the
territories of tiu United  Stales;  and that, if Hie
