438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
in favor of those u ho drew the sword for liberty
thro K'hout the world, no matter where it was
ran. if to    u\e Be> ond this v. e had nev er pro-
ceed d                      .              *                      i
The peaceful influence of onr example upon
othtr ntionsvvas much gicater—the cause of
fire ¡rovernment, v\as thus more efficiently pro-
motid than ii vw «should waste the blood and
treas ue of the people of the United States in for-
ei^i wats waged c\en to maintain the sacred
cain ofhbcitv The world must be persi.acled,
iteouklnotbeeonqreied B. sides, (said Mi B ,)
we can never, with aiT\ propei regaid for the
welfaie of out constituents,devote their energies
and then resources to the cause of planting and
sustaining free institutions among the people of
othei nations
Actn g upon these principles, we had always
recognized existing Gov ernments de fuete, w nether
theVwerc constitutional oi despot c We had
the sime amicable iclations with despotisms as
wi'h fiee Gov ernments, because we had no right
to qnariel with the people of any nation on ac-
cou.it o<" t'io fb.m of government which they might
th nk propyl to adopt or to sanction It was their
offau, not ouis We would not tolerate such in-
terfere n^c from abroad, and we ought to demean
ours.lvos towards foreign nations as we should
require them to act tow aids omselves
\ v. ry striking illustration of this piinciple
had be. n presented, dunng the piesent Adminis-
tration, m the ease of Portugal We recognized
Don Miguel's Government, because he was de
facto in possession of th<> thione, apparently with
the consent of the Portuguese people. In this re-
spect, Mr B believed, wc stood alone, or nearly
alone, among the nations of the earth. When he
was expelled fiom that country, and the pie ent
dueen seemed to be firmly seat' d upon the throne,
we had no difficulty, putsuing our established
policy, in recognizing her Government.
A still moic striking case, and one to the very
point in question, had occurred dunng Mr Mon-
roe's administration Tha Spanish provinces,
throughout the whole continent of America, had
raised the standard of lebelhon against the King
of Spain. They wcie struggling for liberty
against oppression The feelings of the Ameri-
can people were devotedly enlisted in their favor
Our ardent wishes and our prayers for their suc-
cess continued throughout the whole long and
bloody conflict But we took no other part in
their cause, and we rendered them no assistance,
except the strong moral influence exerted over
the world by our well-known feelings and opin-
ions in then favor. When (said Mr. B ) did we
recognize their independence' Not till they had
achieved it by their arms; not until the contest
was over, and victory had perched upon their
banners, not until the good fight had been fought
and won. We then led the van in acknowledg-
ing their independence. But until they were in-
dependent in fact, we resisted every effort, and
every eloquent appeal which was made in their
behalf, to induce us to depart from the settled
policy of the country. When the fact of their '
actual independence was established, then, and
not till then, did we acknowledge it.
He would rejoice should similar success attend
the arms of the Texans. He trusted they would
yet conquer their independence against the myi-
midons of Santa Anna. In that event, there was
no man in the country who would vote more
cheerfully to recognize it than himself. Until
that time should arrive, he must continue to act
upon the firmly-established principles which had
been our guide for nearly half a century.
Mr. B. believed that no President of the United
States had ever been more strongly conv inced of
the necessity of maintaining this principle invio-
late than General Jackson His whole conduct
toward foreign Governments had made this man-
ifest. Whilst (said Mr. B.) he requires justice
from all, he treats all with justice. In his annual
message, at the commencement of the present
session, he informed Congress that instructions
had been given to the district attorneys of the
United States to prosecute all persons who might
attempt to violate our neutrality in the civil war '
between Mexico and Texas. He also stated that'
he hud apprised the Government of Mexico that
we should require the integrity of our territory
to be scrupulously respected by both parties.
He thus declared to the world not only that we
had deteimmedto be neutial between the parties,
but that our neutrality mustbeiespectedby both
This afiords abundant evidence of his disposition
neither to interfere with the internal concerns
of other nations, nor to submit to any violation
of the hw of nations by them Mi. B enter-
tained nota doubt that the line of conduct which
he had maiked out for himself in the beginning,
he would pursue until the end, so far as the ex-
ecutive Government was concerned.
It was obviously nccessaiy to concentrate a
stiong mihtaiy force on the confines of Texas,
not only to enforce our neutrality, but to protect
the lives and property of our fellow-citizens.
This had been done, but the commanding general
hid been strictly prohibited fiom acting except
on the defensive.
Such a force was absolutely necessary to pre-
serve inviolate our treaty with Mexico. Under
it, wc were bound to maintain peace among the
Indian nations along the fiontier of the two coun-
tries, and to lestrain the Indians within our ter-
ritory, by foice if that should become necessary,
from making war upon Mexico. This obligation
was recipiocal, and bound both partios. If the
Indians fiom Texas should bo let slip upon our
fiontier—if they, or Santa Anna, or any other
power, should attempt to invade oui terutory,
then every American would say, íepel force by [
force, and return blow for blow. Our cause and
our quarrel would then be ]ust.                                  ,
But (said Mr. B ) let us not, by departing from ¡
oui settled policy, give rise to the suspicion that
we have got up this war for the puipose of wrest-
ing Texas from those to whom, under the faith
of treaties, it justly belongs. Since .the treaty
with Spain of 1819, there could no longei be any
doubt that this province was a part of Mexico.
He was sorry for it, but such was the undeni-
able fact. Let us th. n follow the course which
we had pursued, under similar circumstances,
in all other cases.
Mr B. said his blood boiled whilst contem-
plating the cruelties and the barbarities which
were said to have been committed by the Mex-
icans in this contest The heart sickened and
revolted at such a spectacle But, as an Amer-
ican Senatoi, he could give the Texans nothing
except his prayeis and his good wishes.
Mi SHEPLEY was opposed to the printing
of the memorial. He would do nothing that would
give the least countenance to the objects contem-
plated by these memorialists, which were neither
more nor less than that they should interfere in
the affairs of Texas. Nor was the Senate pie-
paied to compromise the neutrality of the country
by taking part in the struggle going on there.
Why print these memorials, unless it was pio-
posed to circulate them, cither foi the purpose of
further inflaming the public mind on the subject,
or acting on them there? He was not prepared to
propagate these opinions, and the very allusion
to the expressions of Santa Anna made on that
floor would convey abroad ei roneous impi essions.
He did not understand the letter as saying that
Santa Anna would come heie, but that he would
do so and tear the laurels from the brow of Gen-
eral Jackson in case we should be the first aggress-
ors. We had no occasion for war, and our i
sympathies in favor of Texas ought not to be
excited for that purpose. He sympathized with
the people of Spain, suffering from a most san-
guinary state of warfare, he felt a sympathy for |
the oppressed all over the world, but he had no I
idea of sacrificing the peace of the country. He
hoped that the printing of the memorials would
not be ordered; for it would be like giving coun-
tenance to the objects of the memorialists.
Mr.  WEBSTER submitted  to the   Senate,
whether the motion to print the memorial had not
better be adopted, because the citizens who signed
it were respectable, and the omission of it might j
seem to be a sort of disrespect to the petitioners;
and, as punting was so much a matter of couise, |
no improper construction, he thought, could be I
put upon it.    He had heard nobody on this floor
making an apology for the commander of the
forces in Mexico, and did not wish any erroneous
impressions to go abroad that any one here was
the apologist of the dishonorable conduct and 1
cruelty displayed in violating the rules of war m
Texas. He hoped the Senator ñ om Maine would
make no particular opposition to punting the
memorial.
The memorial was then laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed
REMOVAL Or INDIAJNS.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Webster,
calling on the War Department for information
as to contracts for the removal of Indians, was
agreed to.
SERVICES OF VOLUNTEERS.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill authoriz-
ing the President to accept the service of volun-
teers was taken up, and, after a discussion on
the amendment relative to the manner in which
the officeis shall be appointed, in which Messrs.
BENTON, PRESTON, LEIGH, KNIGHT,
CRITTENDEN, and WEBSTER, took part,
Mr SWIFT moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs
Mr NICHOLAS moved to amend the motion
of Mr. Swift, by ínstiucting the committee to
bung in a bill to place the military peace estab-
lishment on the footing that it was in 1815.
On taking the question, the motion of Mr.
Nicholas was lost, and the motion of Mr Swift
was adopted.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 9, 1836.
Mi. EVERETT, by leave, submitted the fe>l
louingiesolution; which, under the rule, lies one
day:
Rcsolicd, That the President of th. United State be
requested to communicate to tins House if hi his opinion,
it shall not be incompatible with the puhnc mter< «>t, the
instructions which h.ive been transmitted from time to lime
since the l«t day of Jinuarj, 1835, to the repic->entative ol
the United ¡states at the Government of Mexico, relitiv e to
the boundaries between the tno nation^ and r< lative to the
setting on foot military expeditions bv citizens ot the United
btates against the Mexican province of Texas, and relative
to the military occupation or contemplated occupation,
under the authority ot the President, of any po-t or place
within the said province of Texas , and all correspondence
and communications which have parsed1 at Washington, or
at Mexico, between the two Governments, respaetiiij? the
same, and all mlo.mation in po^c sion ot the Executive
re-pe.ting the «ame, and al«o, that the President be
requested to communicate to tins Mouse all order-, and
infractions issued to the military  r other officers ol the
United Sutes or of the States, relative to the defense ot the
wostcrn frontier, and all correspondence between tUemaiid
the Government respecting the same
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion heretofoie submitted by Mi. Williams,
of Kentucky, to icfer to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with instructions, a preamble and
resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky on the
subject of the public lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS modified his motion by pro-
posing to íefer said preamble and resolutions to
the Committee of Ways and Means, with instruc-
tions to íeport a bill distiibuting the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands among the several
States according to their Federal population, to be
applied to such objects and for such purposes as
the Legislatures of the States respectively shall
determine.
Mr. W. rose to address the House; when
Mi. GRAVES requested him to give way for
amoment to enable him to makeaiemark or two
personal to himself, in reply to an attack made
upon him in the Globe this morning.
Mi. WILLIAMS would yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. BOON protested against the practice of one
member yielding the floor from time to time to
another, and afterwards claimingit as a matter of
right. If the gentleman from Kentucky, entitled
to the floor, again yielded it, he would contest his
right to it, until other members, who chose to, had
addressed the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS would not give way if the
gentleman from Indiana objected.
Mr. GRAVES would not press his request, if
it would be the means of depriving his colleague
of the floor. It was the first time, he believed,
that any objection had been made, where a mem-
ber had asked the consent of the House to make
a statement personal to himself-
