1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
THE ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The following bills and resolutions from the
Senate were read twice and committed:
A bill to provide for the payment of the Ver-
mont militia who served at the battle of Pitts-
burgh;
Ajoint resolution authorizing the President of
the United States to appoint an agent to prose-
cute and receive from the Court of Chancery of
England the legacy left to the United States by
the will of the late'James Smithson, of London,
for the purpose of founding the Smithsonian
University;                                                   .        ,
A bill to authorize letters patent to be issued
to John Howard Ryan, and others; and
A bill for the improvement of certain harbors,
and for the survey of certain proposed improve-
ments.                                                     .
A bill from the Senate to appropriate, for a
limited time, the proceeds of the sale of the public
lands of the United States, and for granting land
to certain States, was read twice.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARR moved that it be committed to the
Committee on Public Lands; and
Mr. G1LLET moved to commit the bill to the
Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, hoped
the subject would be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. This
was a measure in which the old States felt a deep
interest, and it was a measure requiring the
prompt and speedy action of the House, and
therefore should be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If the sub-
ject should be referred to the Committee on i
Fublic Lands, it would have to come back to the
Committee of the Whole; there was no sort of
necessity to refer the subject to a standing com-
mittee, because the subject liad occupied the at-
tention not only of Congress but of the whole
nation, and he was desirous that it should be
acted upon at the present session.                          I
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, was op-
posed to any motion which would delay the ac- <
tion of the House upon this measure. The peo-
ple of Pennsylvania had their attention directed
to the subject of a distribution of the proceeds of
the sale of the public lands, as one of great
moment to them. The Legislature of the State,
by a resolution adopted by an overwhelming ma- '
jority, had requested their representatives on that
floor to press with all their influence a distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands; he therefore could not consent to any dis-
position of the subject which would occasion
delay. He argued that there was no sort of ne-
cessity for referring the subject to one of the
standing committees of the House, because the
subject had been discussed in speeches, reports,
and messages, until it was as familiar to every
member of the House as it would be after being
returned from one of the committees. He argued
also, that it should not go to the Committee on
Public Lands, because that committee had already
expressed an opinion on the subject; and there
was no reason why it should go to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. He believed, then, the
subject should be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and hoped
Jt would be sent there.
Mr. GRENNELL said that this bill was to be
regarded as the great and prominent measure of
the session; that, for three or four years past, the
condition of the Treasury, and the condition and
sentiment of the country, concurred to show that
it was necessary a measure of this kind should
be adopted; and he thought the whole House
must see the necessity of acting definitely on this
measure during the present session. Prom the
period of the session at which they had arrived
he feared that, if they referred the bill to one
of the standing committees, it would lose a
favorable place upon the Calendar, and lose the
action of the House. There were involved in
the subject, according to the opinion of some
gentlemen, legal and constitutional topics; and
they had heard no motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands were committed already on the subject,
by their proposition to. reduce the price of the
public lands, and to cede, on certain conditions,
a large portion of the domain to the -States in
which it lies—a measure admissory to this.   He
I would say nothing as to the constitutionality of
I the proposition; he would not (for it was not in
' order) discuss the merits of the bill; but he could
see no reason why the subject should be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, as he
could perceive of no occasion for that committee
to give the House their financial views upon-the
subject.   He hoped the subject would be taken
up in Committee of the Whole, and that there
' might be some action upon it, so that the people
I of the country might be_ satisfied on this great
and engrossing subject, and the Treasury saved
from an alarmingly swelling surplus.   The State
he represented nad expressed, over and over
again, its opinion upon the subject, through its
Legislature. Massachusetts felt a very deep inter-
est therein.   Why, sir, (said Mr. G.,) should we
not act upon it in obedience to the declared will
of the people-—for the people of the several States
had spoken in favor of the measure.'   It seemed
1 to him that they would not be doing their duty
to the people who made those calls for action,
if they passed over this bill without acting; upon
it at the present session of Congress.  He noped
no motion would prevail calculated to delay the
passage of the bill; but that it would be made the
order of the day for some* particular day, and
H acted on speedily.
1     Mr. HAMER hoped the motion to refer the
i bill to the Committee of Ways and Means would
'I prevail. He could not see this matter in the light
J which  some gentlemen seemed to view  it.    It
was said by some gentlemen that the subject
i ought not to be delayed.   He would ask why
should it not be delayed?   Upon what principle
1 did  this bill proceed?   It proceeded upon the
principle that there was a surplus of the public
I money in the Treasury, and that there would be
' a surplus for some timp to come, above what was
wanted to carry on the operations of the Gov-
j ernment.    Well, in order to ascertain this, ought
not the appropriation bills to be acted upon and
settled?—because until then no one coukt'say
whether there would bo any surplus at all to dis-
tribute.    You have bills before the House appro-
priating many millions of dollars, perhaps enough
to cover the whole amount of money in the Treas-
ury.     Congress should first act upon those bills,
so that it would be seen what the surplus was;
because it might be so small that it would not be
i worth talking about; or, in other words, that it
might only be worth talking about for a political
l effect.    He would  ask why not send it to the
Committee of Ways and Means—because it was i
1 directly appertaining to the revenue of the coun-
try and the public treasure of the nation ?   That
i committee ought to make report as to the condi-
tion of the revenue arising from customs, as well'
t as from the sales of the public lands.     It might
be, if the measure was to pass, that you would
have to modify your tariff laws.    He trusted a '
majority of the House would concur in sending
this bill to the Committee of Ways and Means. '
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cham-
bers] asked if it was necessary that they should
have any information from one of the standing
1 committees.  Mr. H. said it ought to be referred,
for the purpose of collecting such information as
to enable them to act understandingly.    They
ought to wait to see what disposition would be
made of other important bills; then they would
be able to act understandingly and promptly; but
before they should act upon it, they should know
what amount of money they would be likely to J
have in the Treasury.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, remarked that
any branch of the subject of the public lands
was important and interesting to the people in
the State of Illinois, and particularly to the sec-
tion of the State which he had the honor to rep-
resent in Congress. On this consideration he
would detain the House for a few minutes.
He considered that the reference of the bill from
the Senate, having for its object the distribution
of the proceeds of the sale of the puplic lands,
ought to be made to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He had not long been a member of the House,
and had not much attended to the small details of
business; butas fara he had observed the progress ,
of business, all subjects were referred to the ap-
propria e committees.
This course is founded on sound reason and
good sense. The committees become familiar
with the subjects on which they act; and, by a
long course of examination of subjects of a cer-
tain class,the committees become more acquainted
with the business before them, and more intel-
ligent and able to decide correctly in the class of
; cases submitted to them.
1 The Committee on the Judiciary became more
I acquainted with the laws of the land, and the
proper constructions to be given to the laws and
i the Constitution, than any other committee can
¡be.        -      !    • ■
The same reasoning will apply to any and all
1 other committees.
The subject before the House is more immedi-
ately connected with the subject of the public lands
than it is with any other, and of course should
i be referred to~the Committee on Public Lands.
, It may be, that the committee may amalgamate
i the two propositions, one to graduate the price of
the public lands, and the other the distribution
of the proceeds of the sales.    He said he knew
I not what would be the course of the committee
' on that subject, but he would not be surprised if
i the House would adopt such course as to unite
the two propositions.   On this subject, he said,
he knew not the opinion of the committee; but
they may adopt such course,and it wouldnot be
amiss to let them act on the proposition.
Mr. R. said that he was anxious that the House
should, act on every proposition connected with
the subject of the public lands during the present
session of Congress. <He did not want the sub-
i ject to remain open any longer; he wanted the
people to know at once what t© depend on. It
was said that this subject was held up before
Congress and the people, for a hobby to ride on.
Candidates, it is said, mount it, and on it whip into
office. On this*consideration, and for the good
of the people, he was anxious, very .anxious, to
! bring tne subject to a positive close this session.
It was on this consideration he voted this day
against coming to a certain adjournment of Con-
j gress before this and other importani measures
! are acted on. He* would rather remain hereuntil
October next, than to go -home without acting on
these measuses. It was due to the whole people
of the Union, and particularly to the people of the
new States, to give them a discussion. He soli-
cited it strongly r that every subject relating to the
public lands should be acted on with all conve-
nient speed, during the present session of Con-
gress.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cham-
bers] objects to the Committee on Public Lauds,
as they are composed of members from the new
States, and are not friendly to the proposition to
distribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands. The committees are generally composed
of members who are more conversant with the
subject-matters that arc appropriate to the com-
mittees.
The Committee on Commerce are composed of
members from the Atlantic States. Not one is,
as far as he recollects, taken from the west of the
mountains; but they are taken from that region of
country where they arc more conversant with,
and are presumed to know more about, the prin-
ciples of commerce than any other members. It
is so wiüi the members composing the Committee
on Public Lands. They are generally taken from
the States in which the public domain is situated.
The formation of the committee can make no
objection to the reference of the bill to that com-
mittee.
He could not agree with his friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Hamer,] that the Committee of Ways and
Means were the most appropriate committee. It
is true, the proceeds of the sales of the lands
might, in a slight degree, appertain to the legiti-
mate business of that committee; but the public
lands were the subsratum on whtich all were
erected, and were properly referable to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.                                .
This was a subject of grave import, and on
that consideration should beaded on by the com-
mittee that did know, and were presumed to Know,
