1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
effect had been just the reverse, for the paper cir-
culation had more than doubled during the last
three ycais. In 1^32, there were three hundred
and thirty banks in the country, with a circula-
tion of $00,000,000; in 1835, the number of banks
had increased to six hundred and four, having a
circulation of $200,000,000, and they had greatly
augmented since that return. He then adverted
to the French question; and while he admitted
the French Government was wrong, he condemned
the course of the President in recommending re-
prisals, as it was calculated to increase the diffi-
culties between the two countries. After some
further remarks, Mr. McC, feeling himself ex-
hausted, briefly passed over the other topics, and
concluded bv again expressing his preference to
the plan of disposition of the surplus revenue by
distributing it among the States, instead of ex-
pending million after million in vast objects of
putüc works, the expediency or necessity of
wmch was very questionable.   •
Mr. TOWNS then obtained the floor, and on
his motion the committee rose and reported to
the House.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Speaker having resumed the chair,
On   motion   of  Mr.  CAMBRELENG, the
House took up the amendment of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1836.
The amendment was as follows: The Senate
had inserted an additional clause in the bill pro-
viding for an exploring expedition to the South
sea; the House had amended it substantially by
authorizing the President of the United States to
send out the said expedition, "if, in his opinion,
the public interest shall require it." The bill being
returned to the Senate, they had stricken out the
words in italics, thereby making it imperative on
the President, or taking from him any discre-
tion on the subject.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the House ,
recede.                                                                   'i
Mr. JARVIS hoped the House would not re-
cede. He was for leaving it to the discretion of
the President, because the House were not at
present in possession of facts sufficient to justify
them in directing the expedition tobe undertaken
immediately.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn;
which was lost.
Mr. JARVIS resumed his opposition to the
motion then pending to recede, and also to the
object of the whole amendment, for he thought it
neither expedient to embark in such an expedi-
tion, nor could he anticipate any of those splendid
advantages which some gentlemen promised them-
selves. He was for leaving it, at least, to the dis-
cretionary power of the President, who would not
shrink from the responsibility.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the word " au-
thorized" in the amendment left it sufficiently
discretionary with the President. He conceived
the bill to be the same in effect, whether the words
struck out by the Senate were retained or not;
the whole would still be left entirely at his discre-
tion.
Mr. JARVIS then withdrew his opposition to
the motion.                                                            ,
Mr. MERCER contended that the word " au- i
thor i ze " was, in parliame ntary phraseology, as im-
perative on the President as the word " require."
The word " authorize" was always used when
the President was required to perform any act; !
but if it was intended to leave it discretionary '
with the Executive, the words should be retained.
Mr. GRAVES remarked that he hoped the ¡
House would not agree with the amendment of I
the Senate, because he was convinced that many
members had voted for the bill in consequence of
the amendment which was made to it by this
House, and which the Senate had stricken out;
for many who had not the necessary means to
satisfy themselves of the necessity of the meas-
ure voted for it from a confidence they had in the
President, and from a belief that he would not
incur the responsibility of the expenditure with-
out good reasons.
Mr. ADAMS rejoined, that an authority to do
a thing did not necessarily imply an imperative
obligation to do it.   As an illustration of this he
! referred to a ease that occurred in Pennsylvania.
i The constitution of that State provided that the
Governor "may" remove the judges; and in a
controversy on the meaning of that word between
the Governor and the Legislature, the Governor
told them that the word " may" sometimes meant
" will not."
Mr. GRAVES remarked: In reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] he
had only to say, that it seemed to him to devolve
very naturally on the enemies of the measure to
see as many guards thrown around the expendi-
ture as was practicable. But the gentleman says
, that the amendment of the Senate does not change
i in substance the bill as amended by this House,
and that the word «' they," used in the bill, left
the subject as entirely in the discretion of the
President, as the words, " if, in his opinion, the
i public service requires." Now, sir, this is truly
a strange doctrine, considering the source from
which it comes; for that gentleman, since this
1 session, has objected to the phraseology of bills
passed by this House, because the words " is
hereby required," were inserted after the word
" may," and now that a favorite measure of his
has come up, and depends for its passage, perhaps,
upon a different ground, the gentleman abandons
his former principles, and says, in effect, that his
former opinions were all wrong, and that the
effect of his former favorite phraseology places
all the duties imposed upon the President by the
language usually employed by acts of Congress, ,
entirely in his discretion.                                       I
The point was further discussed by Messrs.
JUDSON, MANN of New York, MERCER, l
ADAMS, and HUNTSMAN.                              |
Mr. CAMBRELENG then modified his mo- I
tion by moving that the House "concur" with
the Senate in their amendment.
After a few remarks from Messrs. JOHNSON
of Tennessee,   CAMBRELENG,   MERCER,
FRENCH, and ADAMS,
Mr. McKIM demanded the previous question.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn;
which was negatived—ayes 54, noes 81.
The previous question was then seconded by
the House—ayes 86, noes not counted.
The main question was then ordered tobe put.
The main question was on concurring with
the Senate in their proposed amendment; and,
thereon,
Mr. HOPKINS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question was de-
1 cided in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 65.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in by the House.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG,
The House then adjourned at a few minutes
before six o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 11, 1836.
Mr. BLACK presented the petitions of Wil-
liam Y. Yerby and Thomas Taylor; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mf. LINN presented the petition of Michael
Burbois, praying remuneration for property taken
by the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. L. also presented the petition of Alphonso
Whetmore, praying for a reconsideration of his
case; which was referred to the same commit-
tee.
Mr. BENTON presented four petitions from
Philadelphia, numerously signed, asking the inter-
ference of the Government of the United States
in behalf of Texas, and also praying Congress
to recognize its independence; which were laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
sundry inhabitants of the village of St. Joseph's,
in Michigan, asking of Congress various appro-
priations for building a bridge over the St. Jo-
seph's river, and for the completion of several
roads therein named; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. H. also presented the petition and docu-
ments of the executors of Lawrent Bassadore,
deceased, praying compensation for property
seized and appropriated to public use by George
Rogers Clarke, at Vincenrces, in the year 1786;
which was referred to the CommitfCte on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Hannah Caldwell, widow of Lieutenant Cald-
well, of the Navy, praying for arrearages of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SWIFT submitted the following rosolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Beso (fed, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot'placing the name of Wil-
liam Coley, a revolutionary officer, on the pens-ion roll, al-
lowing him a pension according to the provisions of the pen-
sion act of 1832.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following res-
olution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to Eb-
enezer Stanell, under the act of January, 1632, or of re-
storing him to the list of revolutionary pensioners under the
act of Congress of March 18,1818.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred the mes-
sage of the President of the United States on the
subject of the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico, reported a bill to provide for
j carrying into effect the treaty of limits between
the United States and Mexico; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading, and, by unan-
imous consent, read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom the same had been referred, re-
ported the bill from the House making appro-
priations for the defense of the western frontier,
with amendments; which were read.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made an adverse report on the bill
from the House for the relief of the heirs of John
Braham.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to establish a surveyor general's office for
the Territory of Wisconsin; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. E., the Committee on Public
Lands were discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of James Jones.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was recommitted the bill
to authorize the President to accept of the ser-
vices of volunteers for the defense of the frontiers,
reported the same with amendments.
MAP OF FLORIDA.
The resolution  submitted by Mr.   Robbins,
authorizing the Committee on  the  Library to
procure a number of copies of the map of the seat
, of war in Florida, was considered, and agreed to.
[             CENSURE ON THE PRESIDENT.
! The resolution submitted by Mr. White to
rescind and annul a certain resolution of the
Senate, censuring the conduct of the Executive
for his removal of the deposits from the Bank of
the United States, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. WHITE considered it his duty to propose
this resolution, and was ready to submit the
reasons why he considered it his duty to offer it.
Although it was his wish to discuss it, it was not
his desire to have it interfere with any of the
appropriation bills, and he would be content with
a postponement of it to a future day.
Mr. BENTON said he was desirous of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the fortification,
bill; and
Mr. WHITE said that he did not wish to be
charged with delaying any of the appropriation
bills, and would move to postpone his resolution
till next Monday.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the resplution
was then laid on the table.
BILLS READ A THIRD TIME.
The bills that were yesterday ordered to a
third reading were severally read the third time,
and passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill making
appropriations for the parch*  of sites for the
