446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
collection of «iterials, and for the construction
of fortifications, was taken up.
On motion of Mr. B., the followingitims were
stricken out of the bill in pursuance of the rec-
ommendations in the report of the Secretary of
War:
For fortifications at Provincetown..............$50,000
For woiks on ihc Delaware at the outlet ol the
Chesapeake and Delaware carral..................  00,000
For formications to cover the artificial harbor at
Cane Henlopen............................;.....,1?J?'i?02
For a fort at Cedar Point on the Patuxent river. .100,000
For fortifications at the mouth of the St. Mary 's
river, Georgia.................................... 50,000
For steam batteries, to strike out the appropriation
of $660,000, and insert $100,000, making a deduction
in this item of....................................560,000
Mr. B. moved further to amend the bill by
addin" an additional section making an appropri-
ation of $30,000 for defraying the expenses of a
board of officers to examine sites, make surveys,
&c, for the purpose of ascertaining the best plan
of fortifications, and the most eligible situations
for them; which motion was carried.
Mr. B. then submitted the following amend-
ment:
To strike out $ 101.000 for fortifications at Penobscot bay,
and insert $75,000 for the year 1836, and $75,000 for the
year 1837.
Mr. B. observed that this was in pursuance of
the recommendations of the Secretary of War,
that, when appropriations are to be made for for-
tifications, it would be better for the public service
to make the whole appropriation at once, so that
the officers might know the extent to which they
were to go, and that the works might not be de-
layed by waiting for appropriations,as had been
the case heretofore. The principle introduced in
this bill was to provide in one year for what was
proposed to be done in two years. The object
was, to prevent delay in commencing the work
early in the season. The officers employed to
carry it on would have time to engage persons to
do it, and to invite competition; whereas, when
delayed to the summer, they had to employ la-
borers at an advanced price, and the consequence
was, that the same amount of work cost the Gov-
ernment more than it ought to.
Mr. WHITE understood the recommendations
of the Secretary of War were to appropriate such
sums as would be necessary to finish the fortifi-
cations already commenced, and to reexamine
the whole system under a board of examination
for that purpose. He believed we ought to re-
examine it, to see whether the plan might not be
reduced to one of greater economy. In his (Mr.
W. 's) view, they ought to strike out every appro-
priation to new fortifications in the bill. [Mr.
Benton here remarked, there were nothing but
new fortifications in the bill.] To which Mr. W.
replied, that he then would go for striking out
the whole. The Secretary of War, in his report,
had said, that «' before any expenses should be
incurred for new works, a thorough reexamina-
tion should be made," and that he would organize
a board for that purpose. And as to all these
places where he was certain that fortifications
would be necessary, he had pointed out a reex-
amination of them, to see whether an improve-
ment in the pian might not be made, and had
recommended the amount necessary to be ex-
pended for those objects. But in no case of new
fortifications had he recommended an appropria-
tion without a reexamination. Mr. W. was
opposed to the principle of making appropriations
for a series of years. If made from year to year,
their expenditure could be better examined; and
so careful were the framers of the Constitution on
 this point, that there was an express prohibition
that appropriations should be made for a longer
period than two years. He was opposed to all
new appropriations until they had the benefit of
new and improved plans.
After some remarks from Mr. RTJGGLES,
Mr. SOUTHARD said that the position in
which the bill under consideration was now
placed, induced him to make a very few remarks,
his views on the bill having been pretty fully
given on a former occasion.
When this bill was taken up this morning, the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] had moved
to strike out various appropriations, amounting
to something' more than a million of dollars,
making a reduction of that sum from the amount
of appropriations in a bill which they were so i
confidently called on a short time since to support. ¡
He thought that perhaps, by a little further delay, '
they might possibly find another million stricken
out.    So far as it regarded the million having
been stricken out, he had no objection, and would
not have objected to the process being carried on
further.
There was now a new principle proposed; which
was that the new work be commenced, and ap-
propriating the whole amount, and dividing it into
two years, and the next appropriation into three
years.    He (Mr. S.) had at least doubts as to new
fortifications being commenced before old ones
were completed.    He believed it to be the true
policy of the country to complete the old ones
first, because they were the primary ones, and
the most important to the country, and if neg-
lected, they will fall to ruin.    He would have no
difficulty in voting for appropriations to complete
them, provided they were not so large as that they
could not be economically expended.    As no ap-
propriations were made last year, it would perhaps
be proper to increase the ordinary appropriations
for this year.   But there was a certain limit be-
yond which they could not go without they were
regardless of economy.    He felt reluctant to com-
mence any new fortifications, unless they could
go on with the old ones; and, according to the
reports, they could not command the labor of the
country beyond the completion of the old fortifi-
cations, without pressing upon the business and
interests of the country.    He was of the opinion
that all that could be expended the present year,
might be expended in completing and arming the
old fortifications.    If it were true that injustice
had been done to Maine, or that injustice hud been
done to New Jersey, let justice (he said) be done
to them hereafter.    Mr. S. spoke of a change in
the  opinions of public officers  in regard to  the
system of fortifications, and of the great number
of men necessary to be armed in occupying them.
Every day was adding nerve to the arm of our
defense in our increase of wealth and population,
and there was consequently a great change in the
necessity of carrying out that system to its full
extent.    Then the difficulty was as to what point
they should stop at.    The Secretary of War did
not think it necessary to carry on that system.
Take Penobscot, or any other place  mentioned
in the bill, and (he asked) was the system of for-
tification proposed  for that point  precisely such
as they would adopt at this day ?    He regarded
that amendment, offered this morning, in relation
to the board of officers, worth more than the whole
bill.    Mr. S. said the time would come when our
whole coast would be defended with steam.    Our
batteries on the coast would be floating batteries,
instead of batteries on land.    Batteries on  our
inlets and peninsula bays, as they were termed,
would be worth more than in any other location.
They needed information on both these points.
The Senator from Maine, in speaking of the delay
of the defenses of the country, had asked where
was the fortification bill?   He, (Mr. S.,)  too,
asked where it was ?   He meant the ordinary for-
tification bill.    Here was a bill on their tables,
not originating in the House of Representatives,
where the fortification bill usually originated, but
which was called a fortification bill.    He under-
stood the ordinary fortification bill was  now on
their tables, and he would therefore prefer that this
bill should be delayed until it was acted on.    He
must vote against this whole bill, if compelled to
vote now, with the exception of the provisions
for surveys and steam batteries.   He intended
to propose that the bill be laid on the table; as
$1,000,000 of the appropriation had been stricken
out, he was not prepared to say what would be
the effect on the remainder.
Mr. WHITE thought that it would be very
unwise to adopt any plan for fortifications which
there was danger they might have to abandon
hereafter. The plan ought to be well considered,
estimates and surveys furnished, and all the
necessary information obtained from scientificand
practical men, before they commenced expend-
itures for such important works as were intended
to endure for ages. It would be remaked, that
when the report of the Secretary of War was
brought in two plans were before Congress; one
was, the bill making appropriation's for entirely
new works, then before them; and the other was
the customary fortification bill, making appropri-
ations for such fortifications as were already m a
state of progress.    Upon looking at the report, it
plainly appeared that the Secretary recommended
(all apprehensions of a war with a foreign Power
having ceased, and there being full time  for the
necessary preparations and examinations for new
works) that appropriations for these should be
suspended till such   examinations   were  made;
while he advised that they should   progress as-
rapidly as circumstances would permit, with the
works already begun.     Immediately after, the
Secretary recommended the creation of a board
of officers for the examination, as well of the old
works as for surveys and examinations for con-
templated  new ones, to  determine on   the  best
plans for improving the one, and for commenc.ng
and  completing the  other.    The Secretary also
said, that if the appropriations were early made,
most of the new works could be put in operatfcn
this season; but he went on to add, that unless
the corps of engineers was increased, it would be
unnecessary to make any appropriations, because
j the number of officers now  in   the   corps  was
I barely sufficient to attend to the  completion of
I the oíd works; and as there would be no officers
I to superintend the disbursement of the money, it
must lie idle.     Mr. W. here made quotations
1 from the report of the Secretary of War.    His
' interpretation of this report was, that the Secre-
tary recommended that they should create this
board of officers for examinations and surveys,
j and, in the mean time, appropriate $100,000 for
making   experiments  for the improvement of
steam batteries, and go on as rapidly as possible
with the old works.    We would then get the
advantage of all the improvements in steam ma-
chinery that were advancing from  day to  day;
have the benefit of the information and suggest-
| ions of this board of officers, and, at the same
I time, have the country protected to a considerable
extent by the completion of the old works. Why
should they, he asked, deprive themselves of all
these advantages, at a time when there was no
prospect of hos"lity from any foreign Power, by
unnecessary haste?    It did* seem to him that it
would be an unwise and improvident expendi-
ture of money to commence any new works that
they might find it necessary hereafter to abandon,
because not adapted to the situation of the coun-
try, the improvements of the age,and the purposes
for which they were intended.
Mr. SHEPLEY contended that the opinion of
the Secretary of War had been misconstrued.
He thought the Secretary had declared the reverse
, of an opinion that we should not proceed with
1 new fortifications during the present year.    Mr.
i S. adverted to the language of the report of that
,.i officer, in which he had said that it could not be
doubted that fortifications at certain points, des-
, ignated in this bill, would be necessary, and that
it would be to the interest of the country that they
be constructed. Here, then, was a decided opinion
expressed in favor of these new fortifications; and,
let the vote be what it might, he hoped, if it was
against the bill, it would not be claimed to be
based on the position that it was in accordance
with the recommendation of the Secretary of War.
There were none so blind as those who would not
i see.    But for those who desired to come to the
light in regard to the fortifications at Penobscot
bay, they would find that all had been done there
that could throw any light on the subject.    An
examination in detail had been made, and no
further knowledge could be acquired.    They had
all the necessary information before them now in
relation to the necessity, importance, and expense
of the work.
Mr. SOUTHARD said, as there had been up-
wards of a million of dollars of the appropriations
stricken out of the bill by various amendments,
which changed the features of it, and in order
that they might better understand the bill as
amended, he would move to lay it on the table,
and that it be printed in its amended form.
Mr. WEBSTER said he wished to see the bil[
as it then stood, and hoped the motion to print
would prevail.
Mr. BENTON observed that it was wholly
unnecessary to lay the bill on the table for the
purpose of printing it.   Any gentleman might in
