1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
« moment see it in tho shape in which it then
•tool, bv getting from tho Secretary the items
that wire stricken out, and drawing his pen
t'irouj:i them on the bill which belonged to his
tile.
Mr. EWINli moved that the Senate adjourn;
«!::< h was 1 >-u—ayes 17, noes il.
Mr. SOUTHARD then withdrew his motion
:o lav the bill on the tabic, and moved to prim the
amendments.
The* iivtion was also lost—ayes 17, nays 21.
On motion o( Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; after which, it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesd.vt, .Vay 11, 1S36.
Petitions  and  memorials were presented, on
len\e, bv Messrs. WHITTLESEY of Con nee -
11.-1-, FRY, REYNOLDS of Illinois, INGER-
.SOLL. CHAMBERS of Kentucky, MILLER,
and DICKERSON.
[Mr. Retnolds presented the claims of Messrs.
John Newton, John Randl inan, and others,
claimants for horses lost in the campaign of 1632,
against the hostile Indians in the Suite of Illinois.
S ud claimants were members of Captain Craig's
company of mounted volunteers, and pray relief.
M-. Chimieri asked and obtained leave to
pr sent t.V> memorial of the trusties and faculty
of Augusta college, praying an endowment of
the incorporated colleges of the United States out
of til- public lands; which, on his motion, was
committed to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. Miller presented the petition of the
trusties and faculty of Dickinson college, in the
St-ite of Pennsylvania, asking that a portion
of trie public lands may be appropriated in aid
of 'he S' v. ral incorporated colleges within the 
United States.)
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the Committee
of the Whole was discharged from the further
consideration of the hill to provide for paying
certain pensioners of the United States at Pulaski,
Tennessee: and the same was read twice, amended,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Balaam Bo wens, of Virginia; which was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Rmlcei, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the claim of Spaulding tc
frwtn, tor extra work for painting the Potomac bridge, and
that t.'ie  ame be referred to th": Secretary o" the Treasury,
to sr-v',r anil payas he would have done if he had not re-
ported to Congress the entire cost of said bridge.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made a report, accompanied by a bill for
the adjustment of certain claims to reservations
of land under the 14th article of the treaty of
1830, with the Choctaw Indians; which was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, remarked
that this report and bill were of great importance
to his constituents, and to the Union generally.
Property to an immense amount was involved,
as well as the reputations of many of his con-
stituents. The report, he had no doubt, coming
from so intelligent a committee, and from the pen
of its distinguished chairman, would place the
whole subject in a clear and satisfactory light;
would enable the people to understand all the de-
tails and ramifications of this extensive specula-
tion, and go far to quiet the excitement that
existed on the subject. He hoped the House
w>uld indulge him with the printing of five thou-
sand extra copies of the report ancfbill. It was
a v> rv unu«u.il number, but the extraordinary in-
tert at of the subject would justify it.
The motion was received;and the Chair stated
that it would, under the rule, lie over one day.
Mr. CLAIBORNE asked the House to con-
sider the motion at that time; which being ob-
jected to, he moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose stated; which was agreed to.
Mr. PARKER thought the number of extra
copies proposed unnecessarily large.    He named
two thousand.
Mr. II AWES was in favor of the largest num-
ber. The subject was one of importance to the
whole southern country.
Mr. VINTON objected to printing so large a
number. There were but a few hundred persons
int. rested in these claims, and these were con-
fined to a particular district of the country. This
report was of no sort of importance orinterest
to the citizens of Ohio, New York, Massachu-
setts, and most of the other States; and he knew
no reason why live thousand extra copies should
be pnn'ed.
Mr. HAWES said a great deal of testimony
would have to be taken in the State of Missis-
sippi on the subject of these claims. The report
pointed out the character of evidence which was
required, and that document should be extensively
circulated, for the purpose of eliciting testimony
necessary to a correct decision upon the claims
referred to.
Mr. GRENNELL said this was a subject
which had heretofore produced much excitement
and conversation. As it was about beingbrought
to a close, and as the people in all parts of the
country were interested in it, he hoped the mo-
tion to print the largest number would prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, adverted to the
deep interest which was felt upon this subject,
and advocated the motion of the gentleman from
Mississippi.
Mr. CLAIBORNE said he would state, for the
information of the House, that the claims under
the fourteenth article of the treaty of Dancing
Rabbit creek involved, as he understood, several
hundred thousand acres of the public domain, and
was, therefore, a subject of interest to the people
of the whole Union. It was not, as gentlemen
contended, a subject exclusively of local interest.
It was the first time he had seen either the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Visto ,] or the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Parker,] manifest an
indifference towards the public lands. On most
occasions they watched the public lands with
duenna eyes; and now, when a report is made
upon a question that will either preserve, or trans-
fer from the United States, property to a large
amount, they are found opposing the general cir-
culation which such a document on such a sub-
ject should have. Mr. C. said he did not ask the
printing of an extra number as a special boon to
himself or to his constituents. It was due to the
whole country that the subject should be exposed
in all its lights and shadows. If frauds had been ,
committed, they were not committed exclusively
by Mississippians. HisState was swarming with
foreign speculators; foreign capital to an immense
amount had been sent there for the purchase of
lands; and he would venture to say, that very few
of the permanent citizens of his State had any-
thing to do with these fourteenth article claims. If
any infamy, any degradation, should follow the
exposure of the transactions of this speculation,
there were many gentlemen on this floor whose
constituents would have to participate in it. He
therefore insisted on his motion for the printing
of five thousand additional copies, because he was
anxious that every constituent he had, and the
country generally, should see the whole subject
in its proper light.
The motion to print five thousand extra copies
of the bill and report was then agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the   Committee   on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the speedy
adjustment of claims to grants and reservations
under Indian treaties; which was read twice and !
committed.
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Silas Fisher; which was read
twice, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. K1NNARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
of the heirs of Lieutenant William E. Cunningham, and
• that their claimbe referred to the Secretary of War for set-
tlement.
¡!     Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, from the
11 Committee on Commerce, reported a bill making
an appropriation for the erection of* marine hos-
pital at City Point, Virginia; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, reported, with sundry amendments, the
bill from the Senate to repeal the duties on certain
articles, and to reduce the duty on others therein
enumerated; and the same was committed.
Mr. MARTIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported without amendment n joint
resolution from the Senate to confirm certain
grants made by the State of Georgia to lands in
the State of Alabama; and the same was com-
mitted.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Singleton Ketcham; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. JACKSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, reported a
joint resolution appropriating §4,000 for the pur-
pose of enabling the Secretary of the Navy to
cause an experiment to be made for applying
steam power to the navigation of canals upon the
principles of the invention of Dr. Plantou; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported, with sundry amendments,
a bill from the Senate for the continuation of the
Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois; and the same was committed.
Mr. PARKS, from the select committee on
patents and patent rights, reported without
amendment a bill from the Senate to extend a
patent granted to James Barron; which was com-
mitted.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John B.
Perkins; which was read twice and  committed.
Mr. MERCER asked the consent of the House
to offer a resolution directing the select commit-
tee of twenty-four, appointed on the subject of
contested elections, to inquire into thecxpediency
of preparing some other room in the Capitol to
be occupied as the Representative Hall.
Objection being made, Mr. MERCER moved
to suspend the rules; which was negatived—ayes
97, noes 49; two thirds being necessary.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions,
&c, by Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions; Mr. WHITTLESEY, of
Ohio, from the Committee of Claims; Mr.
POTTS, from the Committee on Territories;and
by Mr. PARKS, from the select committee on
patents and patent rights.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, made an inef-
fectual attempt to take up the bills to provide for
the better defense of the western frontiers, and
in relation to arsenals in North and South Caro-
lina.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, it was
Resolved,Thnt the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
foj a survey of the bar and harbor of Georgetown, South
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. MASON, of Maine, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing a pen-
sion to Daniel H. Crockett, as an invalid soldier in the last
war.
On motion of Mr. MANN, of New York, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing
the name of Ned McNeil, of the State of New York, on the
pension roll.
On motion of Mr. GRAVES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from the town of Bedford, Oldham
county, to the town of Port William, in Gallatin county,
Kentucky, and one from the town of New Castle to Port-
royal, in the county of Henry, Kentucky.
A bill from the Senate for the relief of Melanc-
thon Taylor Woolsey, of Virginia, was read
three times and passed.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill from the Senate to distribute the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands among the several
States, and to grant lands to certain States.
Three propositions were pending,    ine nrsi
