4,52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO«U.
May 12;
MANN of New York, PATTON, and CRAIG,
from thpir respective standing: committees.
Mr LINCOLN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported, with several amendments,
the bill from the Senate to give effect to patents
for public lands issued in the names of deceased
persons. The amendments were concurred in,
and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill was
directed to be read a third time.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office aad Post Roads, reported a resolution
providing that, on Thursday next, from twelve
o'clock, the House would take up and éonsider
the following bills:
A bill to change the organization of the Post
Office Department^ and to provide more effectually
for the settlement of the accounts thereof; and     |
A bill to establish certain post routes and to >
niter and discontinue others.                                  I
After some suggestions by Messrs. CONNOR, s
MANN of New York, JOHNSON of Kentucky,
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, and VINTON, the
latter moved to amend the resolution by striking '
out "twelve," and inserting "one" o'clock.        '
Mr. HAMER was opposed to the resolution
in any shape or form. It would have the effect
of giving precedence to bills of far less import-
ance to the country than others which were pend-
ing, and which should be passed. He, therefore, •
moved to lay the resolution and amendment on'
the table.
Before any question was taken, Mr. LINCOLN
moved that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of the orders of the day; which was agreed
te>—ayes 100, noes not counted.
Mr. PATTON, on leave, presented a petition;
which was referred.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bfll from the Senate to distribute the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands among the several
States, and to grant lands to certain States.
' Three propositions were pending. The first
was to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on tha state of the Union; the second, to
refer to the Committee on Public Lands; and the
third, that it be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. LANE said it was not his purpose to de-
tain the House by a discussion of the merits of
the bill; that when it shall be in order, it was his
intention, not only to give his opinion, but hi?
vote, fearlessly and according to the dictates of
his own consciousness of right and wrong. That
he was deeply impressed with its importance,
and of the opinions and wishes of those whom
he had the honor to represent on that floor That
he was also aware of tha political importance at-
tached to it, in reference to the pending presiden- '
tial election by a party in this country, and by
certain aspirants for that office both here and else-
wh«re. Sir, had any doubts existed of this fact,
the distinguished gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Granger,] in his remarks, would have dis-
sipated them. He seemed to speak of it with
peculiar emphasis; to hail it as the rising star of
promise; to gaze upon it as the hope of political
power and personal aggrandizement; a star he
wms willing to Worship, in reference to which he
had nothing to conceal. His opinions upon that
and every other subjeet were open to all as roon-
day—no secrets, no Masonry; but his whole soul
thrown open to public view in all the beauty and
grandeur of anti-Masonry.
Sir, the only question before the House-is,
whether the bill shall be referred to one of three
committees. He was for sending it to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which would be in
conformity with the uniform practice of the
House. Why should this bill be taken out of the
common cour*e of legislation r—a bill, whether
we consider it with reference to the States, the
nation, or the revenue, fraught with more of good
or evil than any measure ever agitated in this
Hall.
The bill, if passed, rnay, in its consequences,
swallow up the sovereignty of the ¡State*, and
©orfvert the Federal Government into assessors
and collectors of the State governments; the op-
pressor of the people, the taking from the many
and returning to the few, a bill that may dry up ¿II
the streams of emigration to the West, and check
her growing prosperity. It may produce a state
of things that will convert the General Govern-
ment to tax-gatherers, and the West and South
to tax-payers.
Sir, what does the. bill propose ? Not an ordi-
nary appropriation to be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, but
to take from the Treasury tens of millions that
have already been appropriated and expended.
Send it the Committee of Ways and Means,
whose duty it is to examine all questions in rela-
tion to the revenue, and let them inform the House
if such an appropriation can be borne by the
Treasury; whether it will not interfere with the
ordinary expenditures of the Government. This
will enable the House to act. knowingly and
speedily. It is objected that the committee will
! not act promptly on the subject; that it will sleep
1 in the committee room. Should they delay action,
he assured the House he would vote with gentle-
men to compel action upon it; that it was impor-
1 tant this bill should be disposed of, finally dis-
posed of, as early as possible, that the House
may make some other disposition of the surplus
revenue, either by a general division, a loan to
the States, or in State stocks; for he could assure
gentlemen, whatever might be his opinion of the
bill, it never would become a law.
Sir, no one is more desirous of making some
final disposition of that portion of the revenue
not called for by the ordinary expenditures of the
Government, than the individual who addresses
you. To accomplish it, he will go as far as any
one; nor will he ever agree to adjourn until that
subject shall be disposed of in a manner satis-
¡ factory to the people and to the nation.
Upon this subject, Mr. Speaker, 1 am like the
i honorable   gentleman   from   New York,  [Mr.
Granger.]    I have nothing to conceal—nothing
to fear.     That gentleman seems to think the
money in the hands of the Administration to be
dangerous.    Whether these suspicions be well
founded or not, I, for one, am desirous to relieve
them from the responsibility and from such sus-
picions.   The gentleman seems to have hung a
war speech upon the bill; and in most glowing
and eloquent language informed the House of
what all know, that war was a scourge to a nation;
that it drew the widow's tears, and blasted the
orphan's hopes; that pledges have been given and
violated, and that a failure to act may cause this
dome to tremble over our heads.
Mr. Speaker, I am unconscious <5f any violated
■  pledges on the part of the Administration. There-
fore, I have no fears from that source, and would
to God I had none from any other!    Sir, when
the  States shall become pensioners upon the
1 Treasury, and millions taken fromalland returned
to the few—when the office of President and Vioe
President shall be sought for, other than at the
ballot-box, by the undisturbed judgment of the
1 people—when political aspirants for that office
shall be seen going over the country eating din-
1  ners and making speeches—when this House
i  shall be made the arena for aspirants to that office,
I hitherto the voluntary gift of a free people as the
i reward of virtue and patriotism—then we may
fear and expect to sec virtue, patriotism, and
worth disregarded; the public interest neglected;
the Union torn into fragments; civil war the order
i of the day, and a country in ruins—then, and not
till then, will the gentleman's picture be realized—
then will flow the widow's tears, the orphan's
prospects be blasted, and man's best and last hope
1 annihilated. Then may this dome not only trem-
ble, but crumble beneath our feet.
¡     Sir, I trust the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—acted  upon, and
finally passed or rejected by the House.
Mr. MORRIS said, he doubted whether all
that he had to say upon this question was worth
the pains which he had taken to obtain the floor
for the purpose of expressing it; but not knowing
whether he should again have the opportunity of
occupying the floor, he was glad of the present
occasion, and he should use it in offering his opin-
ion upon the present question of reference. He
scarcely thought, if the bill should ever come up
i to be acted upon in the House, that he should
ask their attention to any remarks of his upon its
; merits.   It was a subject with which the people
were airead y generally acquainted; it had received
the consideration of the public; it had been dir 
cussed in the public papers and official communi-
cations, and probably all the light of which it
was susceptible, had been shed upon it by the
able arguments of gentlemen in this or the other
branch of Congress. He should confine himself
in his present remarks to the question immedi-
ately under consideration; he should not follow
the example, whether proper for imitation or not
he would not say, of taking the wide range into
topics which he conceived to be foreign from the
question on hand. Besides, he had listened to
the remarks of gentlemen upon this floor, whose
experience here enabled them to present all the
views of the subject, and their arguments, as he
believed, being more important upon the merits
than his own. He thought he should not take up
the time to the exclusion of all others who may
wish to «peak, so near as he hoped the present
was to the close of the session.
He was more anxious to take the present oc-
casion to express ah opinion, in discharge of his
duty, from the fact that the people of the State
which he,in part, represented, and especially the
immediate district from which he came, felt them-'
selves deeply interested in the fate of this bill.
The Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania had
repeatedly, at different sessions, and more re-
cently, at the session of the last winter, expressed
their sentiments upon the subject-matter of the
bill in the following manner:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative* of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in General «Assembly
met, That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representativo  be recommended, to use their miluence to
procure the passage of a law to distribute the proceeds aris-
ing, or which may have arisen, from the sale of the public
lands, amongst the several States, in proportion to the num
bcr of members from each State m the House of Represent-
atives of the United States."
It was in accordance with these sentiments,
repeatedly expressed, and with these strong rec-
ommendations of the Legislature at its last ses-
sion, as well as Ih conformity with his own opin-
ions and feelings, that, in the language of the
resolution, he would at the present time "use his
influence" to obtain for this bill such a reference
as would be most likely to insure an expression
of this House upon it, rather than it should be
left to sleep or expire with the session.
It is proposed, Mr. Speaker, (said he,) to refer
this bill making appropriations of the surplus
proceeds of the public lands to one of three com-
mittees—either to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, or to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or to the Committee
on Public Lands—in either of which commit-
tees, I mean not to say but it would receive the
aUention and deliberation which its merits de-
mand. The question is then presented, whether
a reference to either of the standing committees
[ of this House would afford the means of more
prompt and speedy action, or whether the im-
mediate reference to the Committee of the Whole
would not place the subject in a state as favor-
able for legislation as if the more formal and slow
method be adopted.
I suppose it may be assumed as a position in-
controvertible, that there is no gentleman in this
Hall but what, other things being equal, would
say his object and purpose are to give such a
direction to this and all other subjects as would
best promote and facilitate the concurrent action
of both branches of Congress; that if the subject
has merits, it should be so disposed of as to be
acted upon and passed. If then, this be the ease,
unless good and sufficient reasons can be advanced
for firBt referring this matter to a standing com-
mittee, I hope it will go immediately and at once
to the Committee of the Whole, both for dispatch
and effective legislation. It has been said that if
it be referred to the Committee on Public Lands
tbey may make such suggestions and alterations
in the proposed bill as may meet the wishes
both of the friends of this bill and of the bill
for graduating the price of the public lands. It
is true, there may be modifications proposed in
the committee, but the same may be proposed,
deliberated upon, and discussed, in the commit-
tee of the Whole; nor can it be supposed, if such
alteration should be made in the standing com-
mittee, that tkat circumstance would prevent or
