$54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
]V% 12,
of them in that House who were not prepared !
to take everything for granted which came from
that branch of the Legislature of the nation. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Grange*] ob-
jected to sending this subject to the Committee
of Ways and Means. He presumed it was not
desired by that gentleman to have the subject
discussed and investigated by the Committee of
\Vavs and Means. Mr. B. said this Committee
was'constituted for the special purpose of invest- '
¿gating subjects of this kind. They obtained
information from the Departments, and laid it
before the House. The documents were obtained
and laid on the table; and if gentlemen wished, '
they could have extra copies printed to send out
to the people, who would have to decide upon the
subject at last. Bui gentlemen say they do not
wish this, because they have no confidence in the
report of a committee of this House.
Well, in reply to that, Mr. B. would say that
he had no confidence in a majority of the other
branch of Congress in regard to this subject.
He was aware that there were some gentlemen
who had no confidence in reports from commit-
tees of that House; and he supposed gentlemen
were afraid to have the bill referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, where they thought
it would be reported upon in such manner as to
prevent its being acted upon at the present ses-
sion.   It appeared to be the object of gentlemen to
get the bill into Committee of the Whole, where
they could get up and make what bold assertions '
they pleased, ano send out those assertions to the '
people of the country, perhaps in the very face of
the facts.    He was astonished to hear gentlemen
make these assertions about there being forty or
fifty millions of surplus revenue.    They must
think that the people had very short memories to
believe such assertions as these, especially when
they were made by the same gentlemen who but
'a short time ago had told them that the Treasury
wat empty and the Government bankrupt, and
that there would have to be levied additional
taxes in consequence of the removal of the de-
posits. These gentlemen had told the people that
the President was a usurper, that the country
was ruined, and that the people were impover-
ished, and the people were called upon to hurl
him from office. But what was the language held
by gentlemen now?   Why, that the Treasury
was overburdened with its surplus, and, unless
they would take the money out of the Treasury,
that the people would be ruined; and that the
money would be squandered by the party.   Did
gentlemen believe they could affect injuriously
the party by such assertions?   Why, unless the
people were the ignorant, contemptible beings
that these gentlemen would have them to be, they
never could iiijure the party in this way.   The
■ people have more intelligence and more sagacity
than those gentleman think them to have. The
gentleman from New York on yesterday had
stated, that the President had made a promise j
that he would distribute the surplus fiinds among
the States. Now, Mr. B. would tell the gentle-
man, that the President had made no such prom-
ise . The words the gentleman used were neither
the words of the President, nor the substance of
his words, as used in the message of 1829. The
President then did say that he made these sug-
gestions to the American people; but at the same
■ time he gave them to understand that he doubted
the constitutionality of the measure.
Mr. B. would state another fact for the inform-
ation  of the. gentleman /rom  New  York.     It
- woukl be recollected that the President in one of
his messages  said something about a national
bank, and rather intimated that such an institu-
tion could be established es would be of service
to the country.  But thepartij, collar-men, as they
had been called, were not so bound up that they
would support that measure. The President find-
ing that this measure was pregnant with conse-
quences not foreseen by him,abandoned it.   The
propoeition contained m this bill was a new sub-
ject—one to sweep from the Treasury the whole
of the funds of the nation; yet gentlemen come
. forward, and say,they are ready to act upon it
without opposition.   Now, gentlemen certainly
' must know as well as he did, that this bill could
not become a law so long as Andrew Jackson
was President of the United States.
Mi. Binum was here interrupted by the an-
nouncement of the arrival of the hour for pro-
ceeding to the orders of the day.
SENATE   BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were, by
consent, read twice, and committed:
The bill for the relief of Daniel Stoddert;
The bill to increase the pension of Thomas
Harrison;
The bill for the relief of Orris Gay;
The bill for the relief of Carey Clark;
The bill for the relief of Albert Pawling;
The bill for the relief of John Powell;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Richard
Anderson;
The bill for the relief of the widow of Captain
Samuel Gibbs;
The bill for the relief of Dr. Samuel White;
The bill for the relief of Ransom Mix and John
McLeod;
The bill for the relief of John A. Rogers;
The bill for the relief of Leslie Combs;
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Elkins;
The bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Janis,
Sr., of Missouri;
The bill to increase the pension of Jacob
Slough;
•   The bill for the relief of Stephen Bohannan;
The bill for the relief of G. Hitchcock;
The bill explanatory of the act entitled " An
act to prevent defalcations on the part of the dis-
! bursing agents of the Government, "and for other
purposes;
Ihe bill for the relief of Samuel Warner;
The bill for the relief of Joshua Hatch and
! others, interested in a fishing vessel which was
l lost at sea;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Flicher,
late widow of Henry Richardson, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Bennett and
others;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Joseph Hazlitt and Jemima Mauro;
The bill for the relief of the owners, officers,
and crews of the private armed vessels, Neptune
I and Fox;
The bill providing for the payment of certain
companies of militia, of Missouri and Indiana,
who were embodied for the protection of the
frontiers against the Indians in 1832; and
The bill providing for the appointment of a
deputy collector of the customs for the port of
New Castle, Delaware.
The following bills were read the third time,
and passed:
A bill to authorize the Shenandoah bridge com-
pany, at Harper's Ferry, to erect a bridge on the
lands of the United States at or near the town
of Harper's Ferry; and
A bill for the relief of Silas Fisher.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
| On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, in further
execution of the special order of the 26th of Jan-
uary , the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and pro-
ceeded with the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the fortifications of the United
i States for the year 1836, (Mr. Mann, of New
York, in the chair.)
I     The question pending was the amendment of
i Mr. Cambreleno, to insert an additional clause
in the bill appropriating the sum of #700,000 for
the armament of the fortifications,
Mr. FRENCH, who was entitled to the floor,
Addressed the committee at length. He expressed
his gratification that he had an opportunity now
to set forth his views in relation to certain, great
i subjects of puhlic policy now before the country.
¡ A time had now arrived for carrying out the in-
valuable maxim of the Father of his Country, in
peace to prepare for war; and though Mr. F. wa3
. in favor of carrying out that cherished maxim,
he was not to be understood as being in favor of
the  scheme which had been unjustly charged
opon the present Administration, of covering the
| whole maritime frontier with defenses.   He would
restrict the expenditures for this object, as he
would for every other, to the actual wants and >
exigencies of :he public service and the public in- ¡
j terest.   He avowed himself to be in favor of the
1 present bill, and read the report made by General i
Wool on the subject of the armament of the for-
tifications. That report stated, in substance: to
complete the armament of the forts now in readi-
ness and those which might be placed in readi-
ness in the course of a year, would require about
two thousand four hundred guns, the cost of
which, exclusive of what was already appropri-
ated, would be about one million two hundred
thousand dollars, including all expense of car-
riages and implements and one hundred rounds of
ammunition for each gun. The report then went
on. to state the amount that could be judiciously
expended during the present year; and the object
of the amendment then pending was to carry out
the recommendation of that document. Having
stated his intention to, and his reasons for, the
support of this bill and the amendment, Mr. F.
then proceeded to reply to the remarks of one of
his honorable colleagues, [Mr. C. Allan,] in
relation to the principles and course of the pres-
ent Administration. He cited General Jackson's
letter to Mr. Monroe; and went on to show that,
putting a fair construction upon that document,
the President had in no way departed from the
I  principles therein laid down. So far from ex-
|! ecutive appointments having been confined to
j 1 party, facts went to show directly the reverse. Jt
I  was well known, and generally admitted, that, in
j the Federal offices at the seat of the General Gov-
i| ernment, a considerable majority of the individ-
II  uals holding them consisted of opponents of the
j I Administration; and he   believed, from  having
I given the subjectsome investigation, thatthrough-
II  out the States, considering the larger number of
the people friendly to the Administration, the
Opposition had more than their due proportion of
Federal offices.
Mr. F. then read General Jackson's letter to
the Legislature-of Tennessee, written in 1825,
and commented thereon at some length, to show
that the President had in no sense acted incon-
sistently with the principles of that letter. The
Chief Magistrate had sworn to obey the pro-
visions of the Constitution, notas he wished it to
be, but as it actually existed. The President had
recommended an amendment, but that amend-
ment had never been adopted. If the President
had acted strictly according to that letter of his,
under the Constitution now existing, he would
have been denounced, as he would have deserved,
the character of a usurper. The conduct of the
President in this particular had been not only
most commendable in itself, but was in strict con-
formity with the manner in which the Consti-
tution had been administered from the days of
General Washington to the moment of his own
elevation to that office. Mr. F. then adverted to
General Jackson's letter to Governor Ray, of
Indiana, and his vetoes on the subject of internal
improvements, and repelled the President from
the charge of inconsistency on that subject, citing
a variety of statistical data in proof of the posi-
tion. He then reviewed at length many other
subjects of public policy under the present Admin-
istration—Indian and foreign treaties, the amount
of acquisition of the public lands, imports and
exports, &c, and quoted a variety of details to
show that the expenditures had, in a great meas-
ure, grown out of the exigencies of the country.
On the subject of the public deposits, he referred
to the reports of the situation of the selected
banks to show that they were able to discharge
all their liabilities of every kind. He further
went on to contend that the Administration had
done all in its power to obtain the passage of a
law to regulate the deposit banks, and the fault
of such law not being passed lay with Congress.
On the distribution principle, Mr. F. explained
his views at great length.    With regard to that
Í)ortion of the revenue collected as duties—col-
ected under the revenue power embraced in the
Constitution, he held that they had no right to
distribute it; but he drew the distinction between
that and the proceeds from the sales of the public
lands. On the latter project he was prepared to
redeem his pledge to his constituents.
Mr. MAURY then took the floor, and, on his
motion, the committee rose and reported.
On motion of Mr, CAMBRELENG, the bill
from the Senate to provide for the distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands was ordered
to h?, printed.
