133&
SHE OdNORESSiOírAL G&OBEl
455
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Home
then adjourned
IN SENATE.
Fridu,.V.i!/ 13, 1336.
The Senate met pursuant, to adjournment; and
the Jourim'i of yesterday having been read,
Mi. V.W 1>G, oi Ohio, moied that the Senate
adiouru; * nu h mouon was carried—ayes 14, noes
not counted.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Ma* 13, 1836.
Mr. ADAMS rose and said, he was under the
necessity of asking permwston of the House to
make another explanation.
Objection being made, Mr. GRANGER moved
to suspend the rules for the purpose of allowing
the gentleman from Massachusetts to explain ;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr.  A. said,  it would  be recollected by the
members of the  House that, in the debate on
Saturday last, an insinuation had been made by
on  of the members of the House that, m the
negotiation of what was commonly called the
Flortdi tr atv, which had been concluded on the
2ÍM of February, 1819, the boundary line of the
United States had  been placed where it was, in-
stead  of beiny extended further on, in  conse-
quence of having been  negotiated by him, (Mr.
A ->and, as being a northern man, that it was his
wish to exclude from the United Slates a portion
of territory which would be inhabited by slave-
holders, and, if admitted, would send a slave
representation here; and that he bad stated, in
consequence of that insinuation, that the negoti-
ation of the treaty was made in this place, under
the immediate and direct eye of James Monroe,
¿¡rosbif a slaveholder;  that it was carried on,
partly by personal eon fe rencos and partly by cor-
respondence; that Mr. Monroe had consulted,at
every step, his Cabinet, both with respect to that
boundary, and with respect to every other claim
on the part of the United States;and that he (Mr.
A.I was the last man in that Cabinet to consent to
any concession; that he considered it a part of
his duty to hold on to every claim of the United
States, whether of territory or anything else,
until ordered to recede fromit.    That he further
stated  that, before   the  treaty was definitively
concluded, and after it had been general'y agreed
upon, but before  the United States were under
obligations to sign it, he was directed  by Presi-
dent Monroe to call upon General Jackson, and
consult him with respect to that treaty, and with
respect to that boundary: that he took the treaty
to General Jackson's lodgings, and that he kept
k some time, perhaps one or two days, (he had
spoken from recollection, and with that degree
of diffidence which every one must do in speak-
ing with regard to mere incidental circumstances
at the expiration of sixteen or seventeen years;)
but that General Jaekson had, after retaining it
some time, returned the treaty to him with his
approbation of it.   This was the substance of
what he had stated.    This fact had not been de-
med by the President of the United States; and
if he did deny it, Mr. A. should feel himself
called upon to produce evidence to prove it of a
different character tban his own statements at this
time.    Mr. A. said that this had not been denied
by the President of the United States, but indi-
rectly in -a newspaper of this city, edited and
published by the official printer of this House,
and furthermore by the official printer of the Ex-
ecutive Gpvernment.
There was, in the first place, two days after he
had made this statement, an editorial article,
stating that several members of Congress, who
were not named, had thought proper to call upon
the President, and to make inquiries of him with
regard to the accuracy of this statement—that
they had learned from the President that there
must be some mistake in the matter, because he
had no recollection of having been consulted re-
specting that treaty before its conclusion. Please
to observe (said Mr. A.) that my statement was
not denied; it was stated, not by the authority of
the President of the United States, but by the
authoTttyof nameless persons, members of Con- '
rss. They were informed by the President that '
had no recollection of this fact; and had stated
furthermore, that if he had been consulted at all,
being then in a military character, it must have
been in regard to Florida. Sir, that was not the
subject of consultation either with General Jack-
son or anybody else. The treat}' contained the
cession of Florida-, and that was the object, the
attainment of whirh being very desirable, it was
to be supposed that some cone^s<ñon to obtain it
must, on the part of the United States, necessarily
be made. It was not, therefore, with respect to
anything relating to Florida that General Jackson
was consulted; out it was precisely with regard
to the degree of concession which was to be made
to obtain this object. Well, in answer to this
statement, as he had before observed, there was
no denial by the President of the fact which he
(Mr. A.) had stated; but the official printer of
the Executive and of this House, in an editorial
article in his newspaper, in consequence of this
statement of certain nameless members of Con-
gress, had undertaken to make a question of his
(Mr. A.'s) veracity with regard to the fact. He
could enter into no controversy with the editor
of the Globe; because that newspaper was some-
thing like many other newspapers. He might
call the editor of that paper the embassador of
the Executive, according to a definition heretofore
given to that term. By that definition, an embassa-
dor was a distinguished person sent abroad to lit
for the benefit of his country. He considered
that editor in the capacity of an embassador of
the Executive, and with him he desired to have
no controversy; and he hoped the House would
consider that he ought to have no controversy
with him
But in consequence of this editorial article, one
Or two days since, he had repeated the statement,
and added to it some circumstances with respect
to the place where General Jackson lodged at the
time: and perhaps he might ha.ve stated that Gen-
eral Jackson was in the city when the treaty was
signed. It was so stated in the editorial article
of the Globe of to-day; and it was also stated
that that report was revised and added to by
"Mr. A. himself. Mr. A. said that, when he had
rxplained two or three days ago, two reporters
had sent to him to revise his remarks, one a
reporter for the Globe, the other a reporter for
the Intelligencer, and in one of those two reports,
observing these words, " that General Jackson
was here," he had inserted at or near that time. '
It was possible that he might have said that Gen-
eral Jackson was in the city when the treaty
was concluded; but he was perfectly aware that
Genera] Jackson did leave this city for the North
near the time when the treaty was signed, and
did not return to this city until after that event.
He had now no doubt of the fact, and that it was
as stated in the paper before him, that General
Jackson was not in the city on the day when the
treaty was signed.
Now, with the permission of the House, he
would consider this second article in the Globe as
authorized by the sovereign of this embassador,
thatis, by the President of the United States; and
he wished the House to understand him as speak-
ing to the President, in reply to what was stated
here. He did so, because the editor, in preparing
this article, had been allowed access to the official
documents in the Department of State, for the
purpose of contradicting what he (Mr. A.) had
said on a former occasion; or rather the editor
had undertaken to say that he had settled this
question of veracity. Sir, in undertaking" to
settle this question of veracity, this embassador
1 says:
" Mr. Adams, in his speech published in the Globe of
1 Wednesday, as revised by himself, and amended and
i added to by his own band, makes the following precise
i averments:
i     " UU it is stated by him that' General Jecksonwo* here
at tlie conclusion of this treaty.'
"2d. It is stated by mm that' the treaty tea  tignedlm the
| 2M of February, 1819, and that General Jackson mamt that
I time in this city.'"
I The first averment was, that General Jackson
I was here at the conclusion of the treaty. Now
I Mr. A. had not a Globe nor an Intelligencer of
I that day about him; bat in one of those two re-
I ports it would be found that it was stated that
General Jackson was here* arar «ear the time of
the conclusion of the treaty. He could not charge
his recollection with the precise words he had used,
and he might have used the expression as quoted
in the Globe; but upon reflection it occurred to hint
that General Jackson had gone to the North about
that time; whether before or after the day of the
signature of the treaty he could not now under-
take to say from memory. He would add, that
he had not at this time, and in this place, the
documents to prove the material fact of his state-
ment, consisting of his own diary taken down at
the time. Inconsequence of this fact, it was not
in his power to bring forward at this moment his
proof. Alt he had said heretofore, and what he
said now, was merely founded upon his own re-
collection, without any reference to the docu-
ments of that time. These small incidental cir-
cumstances, however, had no relation with the
question of veracity, and if there had been some
little inaccuracy in relation to immaterial circum-
stances, he hoped the House and the country
would not consider the question as involving hia
veracity. But he'observed again, that, this being
the first incident upon which this embassador
contradicts the whole statement, that, is the ex-
planation with regard to this fact. Mr. A. was
satisfied that General Jackson was not in the city
at the time that the treaty was signed. He was
absent on a tour to the North.
The editor went on repeating what Mr. A. had
said, as follows:
'• After the treaty had been framed, and ready to receive
the signatures of the contracting parties, but before there
was any obligation upon our pait to sign it, by the express
direction of Mr. Monroe, he (Mr A ) took the treaty, drawn
up as it was, to General Jackson, not as to the military
commander of the Army of the United States, but as to a
, highly distinguished citizen of the United States, who, being
here at the time, the then President of the United States
thought proper to consult upon a subject of such great im-
portance. He took the treaty to lum at his lodgings, which
were in a hou«e at that tune kept, he believid, by Mr.
Strother. He took and delivered that treaty tn*o the hands
of General Jackson, with the particular request from Mr.
Monroe that he would read it over and give hi  opinion upon
it. He would state further that General Jackson kept the
treaty some time, possiblv not more than one day, but He
kept it a sufficient time to form a deliberate opinion upon it;
and that he (Mr. A ) called upou him after a day or two,
and that lie returned the treatj, with his approbation of that
particular boundary."
Now, he would ask the House to observe that
this commentator went on to say—
'• The public will mark the particularity of this phrase-
ology '■
"'JIftertkctreatyhaibcenframedani ready te> receive the
signature .'                                                           ...
I     '•'He took the treaty, dtavnupas U was, to General Jaek-
son, he being here at the time.'
"' He took the frciry to him at his losing , whuhwere itt
that time kept, he believed, by Mr. Strothet.'
" ' He toolcand delivered that treaty into thehands of Gen-
eral Jaclzson.'
'•' He would state further, that General Jackson kept the
treaty some time, posnbly not more than one day, but he kept
it a sufficient time io/jrm a deliberate opinion upon it.'
"' He ( Mr. ¿1.) ealbsd upon kvm after a day or two, and he
retm ned the treaty with his approbation of that particular
boundary.'
" These are certainly the most precise and special set of
allegations ever penned. We will proceed to «how tbat
in every material point they are absolutely untfue.
" The following note, which we have copied from the
records of tlie State Department, shows Uiat Mr. Adams
fir*t submitted his project of the treaty to Mr. Omsj on tHe
13th of Februarv, 1819:                                               .
"' Mr. Adams presents his compliments to Mr. Obi ,
and has the honor of proposing for his acceptance the
counter project inclosed, upon which Mr. Adams requests
as early a decision as may be convenient to Mr. Onis. Mr.
Adams regrets that he is prevented by the indisposition of
Mr. Onislrom delivering this paper ia person to him.'
"' Dkpaktmkut or Statí, February 13,18lfl.'         {
" On the 1BÜJ of February, 1819, tie treaty was' definit-
ively drawn up and acceded to by the President,' as is shown
by this note:                                                          •, ,
"' Mr. Adams presents Tita compliments ttr the ^<*?Jjer
¿e Onis, and has the honor of sendinghima kopy OTiae
treaty as definitively drawn up and acceded to bythe Presi-
dent of the United States, m our lansiage.to wWhi. wm
be necessary to have the Spanish copy made CMformWe.
Ttfr. de Onis will perceive that tb¿ PresideM 1^ coMBnWd
to several of the modifications proppedon *e %*"•**■
Ae On  and by him; the rest have  on full deliberation,
&? coneTilJto be inadmu*. * Any vanauon froni
the draft now sent could have no effect other minor
ead.ng oiew discussions, Which wonlddeftat the cottmén
oMect of coming to an immediate conclusion. As so«*s
?he Spanish copy «Hall have been P«1^ "{^K
will thank Mr. de Onis to Have the onitnajs in ^^y
guages made out,so that they may be^^^l?$u&
morning, and every assistance from «H* eep*rtm«oi win w
given to effect that object.               <
 ' DnTxKrmitr or Stvte, Febvmry 19*   •
