183&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQHB.    ,
457
H. A bill for the relief of the Lcxingtaa and
Ohio Railroad Company;                                         |!
12.   A bul lor the relief of James Whitsell and |
Jacob S:e\vail;
13.   A bill tor the relief of the representatives
of Captain John Winston, deceased;
14.   A bill for the relief of John S. Devlin;
l.">. A bill for the relief of Patrick Green;
16.   A bill authoriziug the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to issue to David T. Talbot
a patent for n quarter section of land;
17.   A bill for the relief of Thaddeus Tuttlc;
18.  A bill for the relief of James Steel;
19.   A bill for the relief of toe representatives
of Captain Tarplejr White, deceased;
20.  A bill for the relief of Daniel Whitney, and
others;
21.  A hill for the relief of Jean Baptist* Graiiv
ger;
22.   A bill for the. relief of the representatives
of William Graham, deceased;
23.   A bill to amend the charter of the Potomac
Fire Insurance Company-,
24.   A bill for the relief of the widows and or-
phans of the officers, seamen, &c., of the schooner
Wild Cat;
25.  A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons;
26.   A bill for the relief of Davis Hunt;
27.   A bill for the relief of William York;
28.  A bill for the relief of Relief Harris;
29.  A bill for the relief of the representatives
of Lathrop Allen, deceased;
30.  A hill from the Senate for the relief of the
representatives of Robert Jouet, deceased;
31.  A bill for the relief of James Taylor; and
32.   A bill for the relief of Robert Allison.
The committee, after some time, rose and re-
ported the bills to the House, with the exception
of the 4th, 5th, 13th, 19th, 23d, and 32d, upon
which the committee asked and obtained leave to
•it again. Amendments to the 6th, 7th, and
29th,"wcre concurred in; and the 1st, 2d,3d,6th,
7th, 8th, 9th, l©th, 11th, 12th, 14th, 15th, 16th,
17th, 18th, 91st, 22d, 23d, 24th, 25th,26th, 27th,
28th, 29th, 30th, and 31st, were ordered tobe en-
grossed and read the third time. The 20th was
postponed until to-morrow.
The House again went into committee fMf-
SrTHERLA-VD in the chair) on the following Dills:
1.  A bill for the relief of John Dal;
2.  A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Piatt;
3.  A bill for the relief of Sciota Evans;
4.  A bill for the-xeiief of the securities of Nich-
olas Kern;
¿. A bill for the relief of Doctors J. E. B.
Fiin]ley and A. E. Deas;
C. A bill for th« relief of Lieutenant John Mc-
Dowel;
7.  A bill for the relief of William Walker,
Abraham. Woodall, and heirs of Samuel Brown;
8.  A bill for tho relief of Joseph R. Folsom,
and the owners and crew of the schooner Galaxy;
9.  A bill granting a pension to William Law-
rence;
10.  A bill for the relief of Elilm Hall Bay, and
others;
11.  A bill for the relief of Theodore Stanwood,
Samuel W. Brown, and John Woodbury;
12.  A bill for the relief of John Howell;
13.  A bill for the relief of James Baldridge;
14.  A bull for the relief of William W. Steven-
son and Joseph Henderson;
15.  A bill for the relief of Samuel Hunt;
16.   A bill for the relief of sundry citizens of
Arkansas, who lost their improvements in conse-
quence of the treaty between the United State 
and the Choctaw Indians;
17.  A bill for the relief of certain persons who
have been deprived of the right of preemption
by the location of Indian reservations, or floating
rights granted by Congress;
18   A bill for the relief of Simon Summers;
19.   A bill for the relief of John Pickard;
20.  A bill for the relief of Richard Martin;
21.   A bill for the relief of the representatives
of Captain Thomas Cook, deceased;
22.  A bill for the relief of John Randolph Clay;
23.   A bill for the relief of Henry Wheaton;
24.  A bill for the relief of James L. Stokes;
25.   A bill for the relief of Daniel Bush;
26.   A bill for the relief of Peter Dimick;
87. A bfTl for the rehef of the Union Gold Min-
ing Company;                                                        <
28.  A bill "for the relief of Mekncthon Taylor
Woolsey;
29.   A bill to reward the captors of the Tripoli-
tan frigate, lute tho frigate Philadelphia;
30.  A bill providing that John Smith be placed '
on the list of invalid pensioners;
31.   A bill for the relief of the representatives
of Jacob Shoemaker, deceased;
32.   A bill for the relief of the representatives
of Garland Burnley, deceased;
33.  A bill for the relief of Peter Cook, a soldier
in the late war;
34.   A bill for the relief of Samuel Kincaid;
35.  A bill for the relief of John H. Howell; and
36.   A bill to-provide compensation to James
Barron for the use of his invention, called a ven-
tilator of ships.
The committee, after some time, rose and report-
ed the bills to the House, with the exception of
the 6th, 10th, 14th, 16th, 17th, 21st, 27th, 29th,
32d, and 36th, upon which the committee asked
and obtained leave to sit again. The 23d was laid
on the table; the 28th was referred to the Com 
mittee on Claims; and the other bills reportod
from tho Committee of the Whole were ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time to-
morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
an adjournment, which was lost.
The House again went into committee (Mr.
Gillet in the chair) on the following bills:
1.  A bill for the relief of Philip F. Voorhees;
2.  A bill for the relief of Mary Tucker;
3.  A bill for the relief of James L. Cochran;
4.  A bill for the relief of Isaac Welborn, Jr.,
and William Welborn;
5.  A bill for the relief of John Jeffers;
6.  A bill for the relief of Joshua Pitcher;
7.  A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Colonel Thomas Knowltoa, deceased;
8.  A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua
Fanning, deceased;
9.  A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Colonel Richard Campbell;
10.   A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Doctor William Johonnot, deceased;
11.  A bill for the relief of J. Eloi Racha!;
12.   A bill for the relief of Paul Poissot;
13.   A bill for the relief of Samuel Gilbert and
others-,
14.  A bill for the relief of Wealthy Barker,
widow of Isaac Barker, deceased;
15.   A bill for the benefit of William Marbury;
16.   A bill for the relief of Job Wood;
17.  A bill for the relief of George Elliott;
18.  A bill for the relief of John Bennett;
19.   A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Gunni-
son;
20.  A bill for the relief of James Herrón;
21.   A bill for the relief of the representatives
of Preily Thornton, deceased;
22.  A bill for the relief of Joseph Prescott;
23.   A bill for the «lief of the representatives
of William Hooper Smith, deceased;
24.   A bill for the relief of the representatives
of William Anderson, deceased;
24. A bill for the relief of Henry Lee;
26.  A bill granting a pension to Samuel Cole;
27.   A bill to amend an act to incorporate the
Medical Society of the District of Columbia;
|     28. A billgrantinga pension to John F.Wiley;
29.   A bill for the relief of the representatives
of Lewi  Durett;
30.   A bill for the relief of William Pollard's
heirs;
31.   A bill grantinga pension to James Stevens;
and
32.  A bill for the relief of Major General Alex-
ander Macomb;
The committee subsequently rose, and reported
the bills to the House, with the exception of the
2d, 3d, 4th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 15th,
2lst, 22d, 23d, 27th, and 32d, upon which the
committee asked and obtained leave to sit again.
The 1st was postponed until to-morrow, and the
remainder of the bills, except the 24th and 25th,
were ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time to-morrow.
Pending the consideration of the 24th bill, the
House adjourned.
IN SBNATR.   .
Satuhbav, May 14, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
War Department in reply to a resolution of the
Senate, relative to the contracts made for the re-
moval of the Creek Indians.
Also a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, on the subject
of preemption.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio,presented the memorial
of Edward L. Crane, remonstrating against any
change in the location of the Cumberland road;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, presented the petition
of sundry citizens of Georgia, praying for the
establishment of a post route; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. PRENTISS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to Siliu 
Williams, a soldier of the revolutionary war.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Land Office be
requested to send to the Senate a statement of the number
of sixteenth sections of the public lands which belong to
the State of Missouri for school purposes; what nnmber of
such sections are actually selected; what number are in-
terfered With from conflicting claims derived from the Gov-
ernments of France, Spain, or tlie United States; and what
amount is due the State of Missouri on account of the
fractional sections.
BANKING IN FLORIDA.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked that he.had that
morning received, through the medium of one of
the public journals of the country, information
which had created in his mind no inconsiderable
degree of astonishment, and which information,
he presumed, would produce a like- effect upon
the mind of every individual who should be made
acquainted with the facts.    He had noticed that
the Legislative Council of Florida had recently
established "banking institutions," the maxi-
mum  of  whose capital amounted to  at least
$12,000,000.    This (said he) may be all necessary
for the "fair business transactions" of the Territory,
but it was, however, an amount of banking cap-
ital quadruple the amount of banking capital em-
i ployed in his own State, with a population of
i nearly three hundred thousand white male inhab-
I itants, while there was not, at this time, within
i the Territory, a sufficient white population to en-
I title Florida to a place among the States of this
; Union.   There  had  been established a " Life
Insurance and Trust Company," with banking
powers, to be located at St. Augustine, its maxi-
mum capital amounting to #4,000,000.  The char-
ter of this company extends for the term of fifty
years, and it possesses the power of establishing
; branches in any part of the Territory.   Besides
this trust company, " there are in Florida," as
he learned, "several other moneyed institutions—
the Union and Central Banks at Tallahassee—one
with $3,000,000, the other with #2,000,000 of
capital;" and he believed that it would appear, if
an examination should take place into this sub-
ject, that in the course of the last winter the ter+
ritorial government of Florida had established
" banking companies" at Pensacola and at St.
JosepVthe maximum capital of each consisting
of *3,0G0,0Q0.  From, what he had stated, it would
result that moneyed institutions had been recently
chartered  in  Florida whose  axjmu™ c*?'1*1
i amounted to the enormous sum of f 12,lXJO,UUU.
This is, however, not the whole story-
It will be found, upon examination, he had n#
doubt, that other moneyed institutions, had been
previously established at Pensacola, and mother
parts of the Territory. AD this, as he had
remarked before, may be right, necessary, and
nroper; the condition, the state, the commercial
business may demand this most extraordinary,
if not alarming, increase of the moneyed lnsMtu-
tiona of the Territory, but it mai be wrattg; «
mat, taring from that tmeaairouoMs f*rit*>*:.'fttu-
KKfc««&ro<ld in ikekind. fc *ould not
pZSme to paw judgment «pan these trnnsac-
