1836. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
exrrpt «a itv> local Legislatura- of tk  District «f
Co  imh> i. These people had involved themselves
i . 'us ;i it woik, and tor In  part he could see
no i m iiimion tor mis claim either in law or equity
.\> nr n- t ie O i\i rnmeni had stepped in asan in-
ior- r. tu v ought to set the debt paid. It they
pan' : <• «eat in met \¡>ncity of an tndorser, they
eus'it, as mi indorse r, to secure themstWes for the
re ¡ unir-emi m of it. He believed conscientiously
Uiv to relieve these people trom these improvident
*<■ * would be to en< ourage improvidence. The
\rnluc ol th-s stock at this time was not worth
on  ai\ih ot the amount of the debt; and the very
pro' ert\   >ueh the money appropriated by Con-
rrtss had purchased might not be worth f 10,000,
but w net her worth much or little, they ought to
take security, not as a hard creditor on the whole
property of the District, but en this canal prop-
erty-, on account of which the debt had been
UHurred.
Mr. WRÍGHT said, as lie had opposed this
bilí originally, he owed it to himself to explain
the views which would govern his vote upon the
question now presented. It seemed to lum to be
simple, and to rest within a very narrow com-
pass. The Senate passed this bill assuming the
Holland debt, amounting, as he understood, to
one ami a half millions of dollars; and also ap-
propriating from the public Treasury from six
to set en hundred thousand dollars to pay tne
tevcrai cities of "Washington, Georgetown* and
Alexandria die interest and charges they had
respectively paid on account of their respective
poruofis oí ihe loan from Holland; and, as a
aitow ot security to the Government for those
payments, the bill provided for a pledge or mort-
gage to the United States of the stock held by
each city respectively in the Chesapeake and
Oh.o Canal Company.
The bul went to the House in this shape, where
it was amended by striking out the appropriation
of from six to seven hundred thousand dollars for
interest and expenses, and by striking out also
the provision for the pledge, or mortgage, of the
stock,and inserting, in lieu thereof, a provision
for A positive transfer of the stock to the United
fetales, in consideration of the assumption by the
Government of an equal amount of the Holland
debt.
The committee of the Senate, as he thought,
most wi<iely, had disagreed to the amendment
of ifte House providing for a positive transfer of
the stock, because he considered that provision
entirely objectionable in principle, as in effect
making the Lnitid States a purchaser of this
amount of the stock of the canal company at par,
for money advanced, or for an eqnal liability,
less advantageous to the public Treasury than
an advance of money. He was unable to dis-
cover any difference m principle between this
proposition and a proposition to subscribe, on
the part of the Government, to an equal amount
of the stock of this canal company.
Tnc committee of the Senate now recommend
to us to concur in the first amendment of the
House, to strike out the appropriation for interest
and expenses, amounting to between six and
seven hundred thousand dollars; and, in consid-
eration of this, to give up to the cities the pledge,
or mortgage, upon the canal stock proposed to
be taken by the bill, as it originally passed the
Senate; and to strike out the amendment of the
House requiring the transfer of the stock to the
United States.
Mr. \V. said he should vote for the amendment
proposed by the committee of the Senate, simply
i>ecauae he considered the bill in this shape much
more favorable to the public Treasury than in
the shape in which it originally passed the Senate,
and because he could not constat to the principle
contained in the amendment of the House requir-
ing a positive transfer of the stock to the United
States. He did not consider the intrinsic value
of the stock worth the nx or seven hundred thou-
sand-dollars stricken from the bill as the consid-
eration for a release of all claim upon the canal
stork. He would not now vote for an appropria-
tion of that amount of money from the Treasury
for the purchase of the stock, aa a mere financial
measure, without any objection of principle to
such a ose of the publi* money. He, therefore,
thought we should make a more profitable bargain
for the pubuc Treasury by passing; the bill in
this shnjpe, than in the *hape in which it had |
besn first put by the Seriate. He must be most
distinctly understood as entirely opposed to the
wholeappropriationinanyshape; and his present
object «as, having seen that a ma)Oiuy of the
Stnate wtre favorable to the bill in some shape,
to make the best bargain for the Treasury in his
power It siemed to him that some gentlemen
were treating rather with matters ot form than
matters of substinceu They were insisting upon
the form of security fbi the entire amount of lia-
bility assumed by the Go\ ernmtnt, while no man
did contend, and he was sure no man would Con-
tend, that the real value of the security pioposed
to be taken was not equal to the actual pajment
of money from which we proposo to relieve the
Treasury in consideration of yielding our mort-
gage upon the stork, which is nil the security
offered, or proposed to he taken
Mr. W. said, entertaining these views, lie
should vote for the amendment recommended by
the committee, though lit should at all times,
and in any shape, while Ins feelings remained as
they uow were, vote agaiust tne bill.
Mr BLACK had always voted against bills
similar to this. In the first plaee ho was opposed
to the claim, and m the seumd place lit was op-
posed to taking nominal security, which was, in
fact, no security at all, and whieji he was opposed
to having anything to do with. He concurred in
opinion with tho Suiator from Alabama, [Mr.
King,] that it was better to give it as a donation
than to have anything to do with the stock. He
could not Bee the difference in the power of Con-
gress between loaning the money on the security
of a transfer of the stock, and giving it as a do-
nation without security.
Mr. CLAYTON said that he could vote to
grant relief to the city of Washington, because,
had the Government paid taxes on its property
m the same manner that the citizens had, the
sum woold have amounted to more than was
given to it by this bill, but this principle did not
apply to the towns of Georgetown and Alexan-
dria, and he must, therefore, vote against the bill.
He could vote foi it if applied to "Washington
alone, bot as he Could not vote for Washington
unconnected with the other towns, he must op-
pose the whole bill.
The question was then taken on striking out
the second section, and it was decided m the neg-
ative—yeas 13, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Black, EvviDg of Illinois, Kent, King of
Alabama, Nicholas, Porter, Proton, bouthard, Tallmadge,
tt alker, U all, tVe6 ter, and Wright—13
N1Y.*á—Mc«r> ÜPiiton Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Cntti-nden Cuthbort, Davis, Eivine of Ohio, Grnri
dy, Hill, Hubbard, king ot Georgia, Knight, Leign, Moore,
Morris,Nile ,Prentis , Hives, bobbin*, Robinson, Iluggles,
Shqplev, Stvifl, and Touilinaon—25
Mr. KING, of Alabama, then moved to amend
the amendment of the House, so as to provide
that the stock in the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
held by the corporations of Washington, George-
town, and Alexandria, shall be deposited with
the Secretary of the Treasury, who is empow-
ered to sell the same at any time within ten
years, and reimburse the money advanced  by
thmboil.
Mr. "WEBSTER said he felt bound to inquire,
before we should consent to take this stock, cither
positively or conditionally, whether it was sub-
ject to further calls by the company—whethor,
by taking a mortgage, oi a transfer, we were
subjecting the Government to further payments,
before we should attempt to protect our interests
in a manner which would, in fact, merely incur
further indebtedness '
Mr. WRIGHT said he would reply to the
Senator from Massachusetts, that, according to
his understanding of the matter, a further call
would be most desirable to the Government, in
case we took the stock. He supposed the only
consequence of a failure to pay, in case of a call,
would be a forfeiture of the stock; and it seemed
to be the only way in which we could get rid of
it. He believed he was not mistaken, and that
the privilege of forfeiture, in case of further calls,
would be left to us.
Mr. WEBSTER (sitting m his seat) said, I
hope so.
Bar. Kuto's amendment was then agreed to: and
the bill, as amended, was sent to the other House
far concurrence.
On motion of Mr. JSHEPLEY, the Senate took
up the bill for the relief of Daniel Steenrod, and,
after a debate,
On motion of Mi. CLAYTON, it was referred
to the Committee oa Claims.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satirdat, Mag 11, 1836.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the Committee
of *he Whole House was discharged from the
further consideration of a bill to provide for the
payment of certain pensioners of the United
States at Wheeling, in Virginia, and the same
was read the second time, and ordered tobe en-
grossed for a third reading, subsequently, the
bill was passed.
On motion of Mr HARLAN, it wai
Rcsoli cd, Tli:\t the Coirnuittee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the crp-diency of restoring
the nafno ot Benjamin Bnggs, of Kentucky, on the pension
roll
On motion of Mr; HALL, of Maine, it was
Rcsohet, That the Committee on Revolutionary PensiOrls
be instructed to mqrilfe into the expediency of placing
Daniel Gregg on the pension roll.
Mr. HAWES asked the unanimous consentof
the House to take op And consider, for one hour,
the resolution heretofore offered by him in rela-
tion to the West Point Academy, which being
objected to, Mr. H. moved to susjiend the rules
foi that purpose; which was negatived.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, asked the consent
Of the House to submit a resolution, making the
bill for the survey of certain rivers and roads
therein named tho special order for half an hour
on Tuesday next, from twelve o'clock, provided,
that length of time should be necessaiy for its
disposition.    It was objected to.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, moved that the
morning hour of Tuesday next be set apait for
the consideration of the bill to extend the pro-
visions of the pension act of 1832; Which being
objected to, Mr A. moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose stated. and asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion; which were ordered, and were
—yeas 88, nays 72.
Two thirds not voting m the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. CHAPÍN made an ineffectual effort to sub-
mit a motion appropriating one hour on Tues-
day, the 24th instant, for the consideration of the
resolution from the Senate, and the bill of the
House, in reference to the Smithsonian legacy.
Mr. SEVIER made an earnest appeal to the
House to set apart Wednesday and Thuisday
next, from ten to twelve o'clock, for the consid-
eration of bills relating to the Territories, exclud-
ing the bills for the formation of new States.
Objection being made, Mr. SEVIER moved to
suspend the rules, which was negatived.
Mr. GRAYSON made an ineffectual effort to
set apart the first Monday in Jane for the con-
sideration of a bill for the establishment of a navy-
yard and naval depot at Charleston, South Caro-
lina.
The resolution heretofore reported by Mr Con-
nor, from the Committee on the Post Office and
PoM Roads, setting apart Thursday next, from
twelve o'clock, for the consideration of the bill
changing the organization of the Post Office7 De-
partment; and the bill to establish certain post
routes and to alter and discontinue others, were
again taken tip                                                      .
The motion to lay the resolution on the taoie,
and  the   motion   to   substitute   one  for twelve
d 'clock, were negatived.
i     The resolution was then agreed to,—li¿ (.more
than two thirds) voting in the affirmative.
DEPOSIT BANKS.
The resolution heretofore reported by Mr-
Owens, fiom the Committee of WaysandMqans,
fixing a day for the consideration of the bill rege-
lating the deposita of the public moneys in/ccr-
tain local banks, was taken up.
Mr. OWENS proposed, to amend the resolu-
tion by providing that the foregoing bifl -houM
be made the special order from One o'clock on
