460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
May 14,
the day succeeding the disposition of the appro-
priation bills, and should be considered from day
to day until disposed of. Mr. O. adverted to the
importance of the bill, and hoped that the resolu-
tion would be adopted.
Mr. VINTON" moved to amend the amend-
ment, bv providing that, previous to acting on the
depositliill, the bills now on the Speaker's table
should be disposed of.
Mr. MILLER moved to postponathe resolu-
tion until Monday; which was lost.
Mr. TOUCEY suggested to the gentleman
from Ohio to modify his motion, so as to confine
it to the bills establishing the northern boundary
of Ohio, and for the admission of Michigan and
Arkansas into the Union. For four years the
people of Michigan had been entitled, by the fun-
damental laws of the land, to be admitted into the
Union.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
a question of priority of business was not debat-
able.
Mr. OWENS had no objection to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BOON inquired whether, if the resolution
was adopted, it would not interfere with the bill
to graduate the price of the public lands? He
would object to every proposition which would
give precedence to any other measure over the
one which he had named.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. WHIT-
TLESEY, of Ohio, called for the orders of the
day.
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the gentleman
would permit the question to be taken on the
resolution.
Mr. WHITTLESEY persisted in his motion;
and the House passed to the consideration of the
ORDERS OP THE DAT—PRIVATE BILLS.
The following engrossed bills were read the
third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of William Hewes;
A bill for the relief of Henry Keefer;
A bill for the relief of Francis Bashford;
A bill for the relief of Bernard Pompilly;
A bill for the relief of Elisha Lucas*
A bill for the relief of John Cowpcr;
A bill for the relief of the Lexington (Ohio) Rail-
road Company;
A bill for the relief of James Whitsell and
Jacob Stewart;
A bill for the setief of John S. Devlin;
A bill for the relief of Patrick Green;
A bill authorizing the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to issue to David J. Talbot
a patent fot a quarter section of land;
A bill for the relief of Thaddeus Tuttle;
A bill for the relief of James Steel;
A bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Grainger;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of William Graham, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, &c., of the schooner
Wild Cat;
A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons;
A bill for the relief of Davis Hunt;
A bill for the relief of William York;
A bill for the relief of Relief Harris;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lathrop Allen, deceased;
A bill from the Símate for the relief of the rep-
resentative of Robert Jouet, deceased;
A bill for the relief of James Taylor;
A bill for the relief of John Dahl;
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Piatt;
A bill for the relief of Scioto Evans;
A bill for the relief of the snreties of Nicholas
J£ew;
A bill for the relief of Doctors J. E. B. Findley,
and A. X. Deas;
A bill for the relief of William Walker, Abra-
ham Woodall, and heirs of Samuel Brown;
A bill for the relief of Joseph B. Folsom and
the owners and crew of the schooner Galaxy;
A bill granting a pension to Colonel William
Lawrence;
A bill for the relief of Theodore Stan wood,
Samuel W. Brown, and John Woodbury,
A bill for the relief of John Howell;
A bill for the relief of James Baldridge;
A bill for the relief otSamuel Hunt;
A bill for the relief of John Pickard;
A bill for the relief of Riehard Martin;
A bill for the relief of John Randolph Clay;
A bill for the relief of James L. Stokes, and
for other purposes;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Bush;
A bill for the relief of Peter Dimiek;
A bill providing that John Smith be placed on
the list of invalid pensioners;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Jacob Shoemaker, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Peter Cook, a soldier in
the late war;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Kincaid;
A bill for the relief of John H. Holland;
A bill for the relief of John Jeffers;
A bill for the relief of Joshua Pitcher;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Gilbert and
others;
A bill for the relief Wealthy Barker* widow of
Isaac Barker, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Job Wood;
A bill for the relief of George Elliott;
A bill for the relief of John Bennett;
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Gunnison;
A bill for the relief of James Herrón;
A bill granting a pension to Samuel Cole;         I
A bill granting a pension to John F. Wiley,    '
A bill for the relief of William Pollard's heirs;
A bill granting a pension to James Stevens;
A bill for the relief of Don Louis Rosamond
Orillon was rejected; but subsequently, at the
request of Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, (who
was absent when the vote was taken,)
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote rejecting the bill; which was car-
ried; and the further consideration of the bill was
postponed for the present.
UNITED STATES—MEXICO—TEXAS.
-  A message from the President of the United
States was received by the hands of Mr. Don-
blsok, relating to the affairs of Texas a,nd Mex-
ico, and read; as follows:
I  compliance with a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 10th instant, I transmit report  from the
Secretaries of State and War, with the papers accompany-
ing the same.
ANDREW JACKSON.
Wabhikqton, May 14,1836.
The message and documents were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
I                      PEA PATCH ISLAND.
The Houso resumed the consideration of the
bill to authorize a compromise, and to secure to
the United States the title to the Pea Patch Island,
in the river Delaware.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
it was advocated by Messrs. DICKERSON,
PEYTON, REYNOLDS of Illinois, PHILO C.
FULLER, and opposed by Mr. HOWARD.
Mr. MILLIGAN obtained the floor, but gave
way to a motion for an adjournment, which was
carried; and the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 16, 1836.
Mr. SHEPLEY presented the credentials of
the Hon. John M. Niles, elected by the Legis-
lature of the State of Connecticut a Senator from
that State, to supply the vacancy occasioned by
the death of the Hon. Nathan Smith.
The oath to support the Constitution of the
United States was then administered to Mr. Ñiles
by the Vice President.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Bristol, Rhode Island, praying for the
erection of a custom-house; which was preferred
to the Committee on Commerce.,
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Mr. MANGUM presented a series of reaolo-
tions adopted by a meeting of citizens of Broke
cottnty, North Carolina, on the subject of fche
affair  of Texas, recommending:the acknowledg-
ment by the Government of the United States of
the independence of that country.
Mr. PRESTON said, he had recently had oc-
casion to express his hopes, his wishes, and his
feelings, ¿a regard to the affairs in Tcxaa, añd as i
his views were known in relation to them, he was
not disposed to trouble the Senate at this time
with any further expression of them. And yet
he could not recognize the honor conferred on Him
by the mention of his name in the resolutions
just presented, without reiterating the sentiments
expressed by him before. He couldnottell why
the honor was done him in this case, unless it
were on account of his devotion to the cause of
civil liberty generally throughout the world. He
adverted to the coincidence in point of time be-
tween the receipt of those resolutions and this
.glorious intelligence from Texas of one of the
most glorious results ever achieved. It was at a
gloomy period in the causo of Texas when the
Mexican Governor had advanced to our own
borders, with a well-disciplined army flushed with
victory, and in his progress had marked his foot-
steps with blood, when he (Mr. P.) gave utter-
ance to the impulse of his feelings the other day.
He then used epithets which were prompted by
the natural feelings of his heart. Bat he had now
no feeling against Santa Anna* for he was, thank
God, a prisoner, or perhaps a corpse, and he was
ready to proclaim glory to God in the highest!
The effect of that victory had opened up a cur-
tain to a most magnificent scene. This invader
had come on at the head of his force, urgfd on
by no ordinary impulse—by an infuriate fanat-
icism—by a superstitious Catholicism, goaded
on by a miscrabfe priesthood, against that invin-
cible Anglo-Saxon race. It was Once a war of
religion and liberty. And when that noble race
engaged in war, victory was sure to perch upon
their standard. This was not merely the retribu-
tion of the cruel war upon the Alamo, but that
tide which was swollen by this extraordinary
victory would roll on, and roll on, and roll on;
and it was not in the spirit of prophecy to tell
when it would stop.
He adverted to i> period when these Halls were
animated in a controversy between Mexico and
Spain, in which, although too young to partici-
pate in it, yet he remembered his heart beat high
on that occasion for the cause of freedom. The
Anglo-Saxon race was a population to which lib-
erty belonged, and from which liberty could not
be eradicated. Look (said he) across to the Gulf
of California, and one government will overspread
that whole extent of country. Mexico, it was
known, raised her army with difficulty; for it was
well known that there was a part of the people
there who were republican, and that Santa Anna
had brought the army he led into the field him-
self, and that he was the soul of it. He was now
cut off, and the impression upon the public mind
would be snefc, that the spirit of the South and
Southwest would pour thousands of volunteers
on the scene of action, to put an end to the strug-
gle; and'when they had once put their foot upon
the Alamo, they would not look back, but onward,
onward, would be their march.
The Mexican Government had nowno foothold
¿*-Santa Anna was now no more, and there was
no Mexican Government. Texas had achieved
her hberty; she had swept her foes off the land
by her valiant achievements. She had con-
quered in her own rights, and by her own arms,
while we had stood by witnessing the struggle
for liberty.
Texas might or might not belong to us, or as
to it; but talking, as the people there did, the
same language with us, and having the same feel-
ings with us, they were too homogeneous not to
belong to us. They were with us, and for us,
and we were with and for them.
Wishing all happiness, success, and prosperity
to Texas, he declared his readiness to receive her
the moment her achievements had sealed her inde-
pendence. He Vas not prepared at this timo to
go the length asked of him in the resolutions. A
short waiting of events was necessary before defi-
nite action could be had. But the tidings were
on the wing; and but give him the fact that Texas
wa* a government d$ facte, and he pledged him-
selfr for one, to go for the recognition of her inde-
pendence vast ant er.
Mr. P. concluded by tendering his hearty re-
sponse to- the sentiments of the people of the
county of Burke, in North Carolina, and his
acknowledgments for the honor they had done
him in the mention of his name.
