THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLUR a RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSJON.
First Session-, 04tii Congress.
MONDAY, MAY 23, 183C.
Volume 3....No. 30.
Mr. EW1NG, of Ohm, from the Committee
on Public Linda, made unfavorable reports on
the hills fir the relief of Elisha More land and
others, William Walker and others, and Daniel
Bush; nlao, re¡K>rted favorably, without amend-
ment, the bill for the relief of Daniel Jeffers.
Mr. E., from the same committee, to whom
had been referred the amendment of the House
to the bill to give effect to patents for public lands
issued in the names of deceased persons, made a
report, recommending that the Senate concur in
said amendment; and the amendment was accord-
ingly concurred in.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill providing for the
appointment of three additional paymasters of the
Army; which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
RESOLUTION'S SUBMITTED.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, offered the following
resolution :
lleiiirtJ, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to i,i onn Lie ritnau what amountoi transfers o; the public
iik>t v Ii3> b ¡mi an I '  > hi. d,rt'CtMn, since the 3JU1 ot
June la :, iro.n :'je Commercial Bank ot" Cincinnati, a.id
Uwirna the t-lmto i t!a.ik of Culumbu-, to banko ta t ol
the Aii'im.i.v innu itam*, jiving the dat? and amount of all
•oca In  15,-r-, a iJ t.ic binfc- Irom and ton.itcii thi) were
made *nd. nl o. th it h« inform Me Señale wnat trans-
fers aro «i ii •••• 1 i.o ii evl o 11 • ab >v¿-njm"<l bank?, and
wjeu and to tvoat bank i U ey are to be made. That he
alio i.iior.n ihe Sen in; whai amount ol transfers were
mide weieh one of the said banks in Ohio unce tnc 3Jth
of Jane last, and w.tai amna.it, if any, l> now ordered to
each
By Mr. GRUNDY:
Rajhtd, Toa: ii e Committee on the Post Oflee and !
Fo=t Boads bo instructed to inquire into the eipedieney of
tsnbJi Unt« utc laiWwvioj post routes in MiCHifan: troin
New Buffalo, in Berrieu county, to Lapon*, in Laporte
louity, Indiana; irom Kaiaoaazno, in Kalamazoo county,
to Kent, in Kent county, from the county seat of Barry '
:ou:ity to tnc niooili o< North Black river, in Ottawa
county; from Fort UratHH, in St. Clair eouatr, sen of
3hia as*ee, by Lip.'er, and the county seat of Geue.ec;
from Lapcr, in Lip"er county, to Stevens, in Genesee
rou;it>. iro;n \Jnji. in Lenawee county, to Coldwater,
is Branch county, throuja the vulage of Hillsdale, in
Uiil-dale couniy.
Thia resolution was agreed to.
SCHOOL LANDS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the bill to carry
into effect the compact with the States of Ala-
bama anil Mississippi, in relation to the school
lands and the five per centum fund, was taken
up, and, after a slight amendment, ordered to be
e.igrosst-d for a third readme.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and when the doors were opened adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Toesdat, .Way 17, 1836.
Mr. ADAMS asked the consent of the House
to submit the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
reqtie-*fd to communicate to tin. llou.c, if not incompatible
with the public tntcest, copies of any overture made nice
ttie 3d of .March. ¡*W, by h  authority, to the Government
oí the United Mexican Slates, for the acquisition by tlie
I'm ed r* te- of any portion of the territories of Mexico;
and copies of all corre-pondenee between the two Govern-
ments relatinf thereto, and upon any question of boundary
«xi it in  between the United ritates and Mexico.
RttoUd, That the President of the UiuuhI ¡State* be re-
quested to communicate to >hn House, if not incompatible
with the patolic i.itcre-t, a copy and trail lationsofanylaw,
decree, or ordinance or toe Mexican Republic, abolishing
slavery within the territories thereof, wmcti may be in the
pi>se*iio¡i ol the Executive Department of the United
Cuites.
O yection being made, Mr. A. moved to  ut-
pend the rules for the purpose stated, and asked
for the yeas and nays on his motion, whieh were
orden d.
Mr. MASON inquired whether it would be in
order to call for a division of the question, so as
to vote upon suspending the rules for the intro-
duction of each resolution separately ?
30          *
Mr. ADAMS was willing, if the House would
permit the introduction of the resolutions, that   |
the question on their adoption should be divided.   1
Mr.MERCERand Mr. WHITTLESEY sua:- j
gested to the gentleman from Massachusetts to
waive his motion until the standing committees
should report.                9
Mr. ADAMS acquiesced in the suggestion.
The report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, fixing a day for the consideration of the
bill in relation  to  the public deposits, was an- : t
nounced as the unfinished business.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved to post-
pone the report until to-morrow.
Mr. OWENS hoped this resolution would not
be further postponed. It has been before the
House upwards of a montli, and he trusted it
would be now disposed of.
The motion to postpone was negatived.
Mr. WHITTLESEY supposed that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts had withdrawn his
motion to suspend the rules to enable the com-
mittee to report, and not with a view of consid-
ering a report heretofore made.
Mr. ADAMS had not waived his motion for
the purpose of considering existing reports, and
he therefore renewed the motion to suspend the
rules to enable him to offer the resolutions here-
tofore read.
The motion to suspend the rules was negatived
—yeas 74, nays 85, as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Ash, Uailcy,
Bond, Borden, Bojd, Bri™-, Bjnum, Jolin Chamber ,
ChikN, Cleveland, Corwm. Crane. Cusliin?, Darlington,
Denny, Everett, Philo C. Fuller, Galbraith, Camer. (.ren-
netl, liarían, Albert G. Ham-on, Hawes, ilazclune, llei -
ter, Hoar, Howell, Hunt, Huntsman, William J.icksoii.
Janes, Joseph Johnson, Benj mini Jones, Kihjw, Kinuard,
Laporte, Lawrence, Lay, Joanna Lee, Lincoln, Love,
Lucas, Sampson Mason, McCarty, MoKeiuian, Mercer,
Mom , Parker, Dutee J. Pearce, Jume  A. Pearce, ('help-,
Potts, Reed Robertson, Russell, Shuiii. Slade. s-pangler,
Sp'ague, Steele, Storer, Taua.erro, Waddy Thompson,
Torfns, Underwood. Vinton, Waaener, White, Elisha
, Wliiutesey, Lewis Williams,and Wise—74.
NAYS — Messrs. Bean, BeU, Boekee, Boon, Bouldin,
Bovee, Bunch, Carobreleng, Campbell, Car-. Casey, Cnap
man,Chapín, Nathaniel Ii. Claiborne, John F" II. Claiborne,
<;rai , Cramer, Cu.-aman, Dobcrry, Du.ilap, Effner, Fair-
field, F.irhn. Forester, Fry, James Ga'land, Gillet, Glas-
cock, Gran.land,G.ayson, G.iffln, Haley, Mannegan, Sam
uel rf. Harrison, Haynes, Hol-ey, Uopkin-, Howard, Hub-
lev, Ingham, Jubez J ickson. Jarvi«, Henrv Johnson, Jud-
son, Kennon, Lane, Lansing, Lawl r, Gnleon Lee, Luke
Lea, Leona d, L wi>, Lyon, Abijali Mann. Job Mann,
Jo'in Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses Mason, Maury,
i McKay, McKim, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Morían,
ii Oweni". Patterson, Patton, Pickens, Pmckney,John Rey-
1 nolds, Joseph Reynolds Koane, Seymour,William B Sliep-
ard, Shields, Standefer, Thomas, John Thomson, Toucey,
Tamil, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, and Slierrort William 
—85.
FUBLIC DEPOSITS.
The House then took up the resolution reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, (as
amended,) providing that the bill regulating the
deposits of the public money in certain local
banks be made the special order of the day for
the day succeeding the disposition of the appro-
priation bi Is, and that it be considered from day
to day, Fridays and Saturdays excepted, until
disposed of.
The amendment offered by Mr. Vinton, on a
former day, providing that the bills then on the
! Speaker's table should be first disposed of, was
agreed to.
j Mr. BELL moved to amend the resolution by
striking out all after the word " Resolved," and
inserting, " that the bill in relation to the deposits
' of the public moneys be made the special order
for Wednesday, the 25th instant, and each suc-
ceeding day until disposed of."
After some, suggestions by Messrs. BBLL,
CA MBRELENG, SUTHERLAND, MILLER,
THOMAS, and HOPKINS, the latter asked for
the yeas arid nays on the motion to amend.
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked for the yeas and
nays on this motion; which were not ordered;
and the House refused to lay the resolution on
the lablt—«yes 70, noes not counted.
Mr. MILLER then moved to postpone the
further consideration ofthe resolution and amend-
ment until Monday next.                              •
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked for
the yeas and nays on the icsolution; which were
not orden.d; aud the nsolution was postponed
until Monday next—ayes 95, noes not counted.
Air. DROMGOOLE made an ineffectual attempt
to call up his resolution requiring certain inform-
ation from the Treasury Department on the sub-
ject ofthe public deposits.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report upon a bill from
the Senate for the relief of Samuel Warner; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. J., from the same committee, reported with
amendments a bill from the Senate for the relief
of Elizabeth Flicker; which was committtd.
Mr. J. also reported without amendment a bill
from the Senate to provide for the enlistment of
boys in the naval service. Mr. J. moved that
the bill be read the third time.
After a few remarks of an explanatory charac-
ter by Messrs. JARVIS and GRANGER, the
bill was, on motion of the latter, committt d to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Air. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to provide for the com-
pletion ofthe Cumberland road east of the State
of Ohio; which was read twice and committed.
Air. MASON, of Virginia, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, to whom had been referred
an amendment of the Senate to the bill fiom the
House to provide for carrying into effect the con-
vention between the United States and Spain,
reported adversely to said amendment.
After a few remarks by Messrs. MASON, of
Virginia, ADAMS, and WHITTLESEY, the
amendment ofthe Seriate was disagreed to.
'     Mr. P. C. FULLER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of William
[ Eadus; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. WISE, from the Comm.ttee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill to authonze the Secretary
of the Navy to cause to be constructed a steam
' prow ship; which was read twice and committed.
Petitions were pie-ented, on leave,by Messrs.
WISE,    VANDERPOEL,    EVERETT,   and
CHAPMAN.
Air. HOWARD, from the Committee on For-
i   eign  Affairs,  reported  a  bill  for  the  rehi f of
'   Thomas L. L. Brent; which was read twice and
!   committed.
1      Air. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Lieutenant  Colonel William   Fountain;
| which was read twice and committed.
I      Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
! Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
S. Douglass and others; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a billto authorize the build-
l ing of a custom-house at the port of Philadelphia;
i which was read twice and committed.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Thomas Todd; which was read twice and corn-
Mr PATTON, from the Committee on Terri-
tories', reported a bill disapproving and annulling
certain sections of an act passed by the Legisla-
tive Council of Florida; which was read twice
anMr° WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Hannah Budlong; and
A bill for the relief of Robert Peebles and John
Graham.
