1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
one to loan out the surplus revenue on interest, I
a, d th- oiturto loan it—ostensiuly to loan it, but
act.i i v ii cm it to railroad companies. This
lis. pro nt was nothing more nur less than nprop-
i < turn ior tlu tit in tal GoTernnn.nl to embark in
a     r,t  s,.ht.iiu ot  internal unprovt mints.
1 tu rt « \¡> unot'it r plan piopos>ed a session or
two .><o, 1 v a distinguished Senator from South
t ooliiia, lo distribute the surplus revenue, as
stiq tus rt venue, among the se\cral Staus in the
ratio of tin ir FeCt ral population. The only objec-
tion lit. could see to tins plan «as, that there was
not time enough for the several States to act upen
it, so as to nueve the public Treasury from its
present plethoric condition. Tins objection, how-
ever, was obviafed by another measure, which
had received the action of the Senate, and was
no  waning the action of the House. This was
t' e " ¡and bill," a measure which he deemed to
be not only the best practical mode that could be
devised to dispose of the surplus revenue, but it
was also strictly constitutional. On the advant-
ages of this project he dwelt at some length.
Mr. M then reTiewed lb  subject of thefortifi-
eations, and bestowed the highest commendation
upon tue report of the Secretary of War on that
subject, both as regards its literary merits and
sen.nunc statesmanlike Tiews. Mr. M. was in
favor of completing such fortifications as were
aiready commenced, and lor commencing such
otaers. as might be deemed requisite, in accord-
ance Willi the suggestions in Secretary Cass's
report. The plan of fortifying every possible or
probable assailable point on upwards of three
uiousand miles of sea-board was equally vision-
ary and impracticable.
.Mr. M. then proceeded to vindicate the party,
consisting of the fi lends of Judge- White, from
uie aspersions cast  upon them of having apos-
latized from the Republican party; from having
separated lrom the Democracy of the country.
Tue truth  of these   accusations   he   denied tn
tolo,  and he n pellcd them as false.    He then
reviewed at length the principles of the contest
which resulted in the election of General Jackson,
and went on to show that the White party, in
opposing the election by "succession,'   were in
the same position as the old Jackson party who
had opposed Mr. Adams in the first instance, and
subsequently defeated him.    The very objection
taken to the  election of Mr. Adams was identi-
cal with tiiat now assumed as an objection to Mr
Van Bureo.    He then entered into a contrast be-
tween the characters and political course of Judge
White and Mr. Van iJuren, maintaining that the
former had always been consistent throughout
his whole life.    The  mode by  which  the last
named gentleman  had   procuied   himself to  be
nominated by a convention, without   even the
semblance of a representation in most cases, was
precisely similar to the caucus mode of 1823,
which had been passed upon and condemned by
the people.   The Democratic party, and the then
Democratic pr< ss throughout the Union, had con-
demned the very mode by which Mr. Van Buren
and  Ins party were  now seeking to secure ins
election, and he referred to that par nobiU fi atrwn,
t .e Ri huioiid Enquirer and* the Albany Argus.
He then cited a U iter fiom General Jackson to
a committee of citizens in Pennsylvania, who had
nominated him  for the Presidency, in which he
said he should neither seek nor decline office, and
he also read a It tter from Judge White to the same
effect, in proof that the latter avowed the same
doctrine, and carried out the same principles, as
the former.
In connection with this sulject, he quoted from
a variety of other papers, among which were the
following: an address of the Democratic party m
le.24, ascribed to Mr. Van Buren, and a certain
preamble and resolutions from a regimental mus-
ter in some county in Tennessee. He then re-
plied to some of the arguments of the gentleman
lrom Georgia, [Mr. lowus.) That gentlcmu.
had given as a reason why the caucus nomina-
tions of lo24 did not receive the sanction of the
Republican paity, that it was composed of a
minority of membtrs of Congress. Mr. M. did
not kn >w on what ground Mr. Crawford was
opposed inGtoigia; but this he did know, that
th<vt gt ntleman was opposed in Tennessee on the
ground oi the radical objection the people had to
caucus nominations. The gentleman from Georgia
had also drawn n parallel between the nomina-
tion of Judge White l>v the members of the Ten-
nessee delegation tn 1CÍ3Ó, and the caucus nomi-
nation of 1SÜ4, but that parnllt 1 did not hold good,
and he entered into an < xplnnation relative to the
former, which is already before the public Gen-
eral Jackson was first nominated bv the Tennes-
see Legislature; but in the case of Judge White,
the Legislature of that State was silent until her
sister State of Alabama had spoken out. She did
but respond to that nomination. He then entered
into a minute explanation of the circumstances
connected with the lette^of Judge White to John
Ross, with regard to the sovereignty of the Cher-
okee nation within its limits. At the time that
letter was written, the question of relative sover-
eignty, as the jurisdiction of the States within the
Indian country, so far as the limits of the said
States extended, had never been mooted; and a
variety of decisions had been made by the circuit
court in precise accordance with that letter, and
hy Judge McLean within the last twelve months.
The letter in question bore on the subject of sov-
ereignty only quo ad the United States and the
Indians. He then cited a report on the sub)ect,
made by Judge White, in which the rights ot the
States were recognized in complete sovereignty
of jurisdiction within their chartered limits. It
should, however, be borne in mind that, when the
letter was written, Judge White was then con-
sidered as most orthodox on this and on every
other subject, and, from all others, he least ex-
pected such an assault to be made upon that dis-
tinguished Senator by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Towns,] who should have remembered
that Georgia owed more,perhaps, to Judge White
than to any other man.
Mr. M. then reviewed the protects introduced
into the Senate a few years ago, for the restric-
tion and limitation of executive patronage, com-
paring them with the bill passed the Senate dut-
ingthe present and last sessions, with which they
were  similar.    He  aho cited a variety of the
arguments at that time adduced in support of the
measure, and to show the great danger to  be
apprehended from th  enormous extent of exec-
utive patronage.   Those bills were supported in
1826 by the then friends of the Administration;
whereas the present bill, imbodymg the same
principles, was known to be disapproved of by
the Vice  President of the United  States; and
though it passed  the Senate, it was suffered to
sleep in the House.    He dwelt on this point at
some length, as an exposition of the inconsist-
ency of the present party in power.    He then
again recurred  to the contest between General
Jackson  and  Mr. Adams,  and  the means  by
which his election had been secured—by General
Jackson's own popularity, by the aid  of Mr.
, Calhoun and his friends, and by the subsequent
junction of the  party of Mr. Crawford; on the
| principles of the party that brought General Jack-
son into power—the old Democratic Republican
I party; they were the prin'iples now advocated
by the fiends of Judge White.    If they were to
be separated from the Administration, the fault
was not theirs, but they should continue to sup-
port and to vote for such measures of the Admin-
istration as were conformable to the principles
upon which General Jackson  was elected; but
further than that thev could not go, because they
would not compromit those principles.    They
had been uniform and consistent in their support
of General Jackson, at a time, too, when many of
the supporters of the present Administration were
opposed to him; yet they were now denounced
by that very paity.    He adverted to the military
character of "Andrew Jackson; and though he
admitted he had proved his gallantry and bravery,
yet he owed much of it to the Tennessee troops,
which had so ably seconded htm with their own
valor.   Many of the very men now supporting
|, him, had bitterly opposed htm, denounced him
i' as a tyrant, and unworthy to preside over a free
I people, and his election was predicted as a curse
to his country; while at that very period, he was
!  supported by hi friends in Tennessee with unan-
imit* .    Mr. M. concluded; and
M     i   r. FORRESTER took the floor, and moved
. that the committee rise.
1!    Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped they would not
rise so early, since they had but two public days
in the present week, and this bill had ithtady
been delayed much longer than had bet n aiitiu-
pated.
The committee then rose and repoi ti d
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, thn u as nr> mem-
ber of the House whom he would innm i accom-
modate than the gentleman from Ti urn «si e, for
whom he had the kindest freimos, but at s i late
a period of th st ssion, after tins bill hid .\ht ndy
been undir consideration for a weik, and us sev-
iral gentlt men had risen foi the pui^ose of ad-
diessing the Cliair, he felt it Ins duly to move to
go again into Committee of the Whole thereon.
Mr. ADAMS remarked that the gentleman
would probably be unable to effect Ins object,
since there was evidently not a quorum in the
House, and they would have to adjouin ex neeei-
sitate ret.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
that the House adjourn; and
Mr. GILLET asked for the yeas and nays;
whereupon Mr. Williams withdrew the motion.
On taking the qutstion to go  into committee,
only 49 rose in the affirmative; and  there being
evidently no quorum present,
Mi. HEISTER moved a call of the House;
which was lost —46 to 40.
I Mr. ASH then move d an adjournment; and
Mr. CAMBRELENG asktd foi the yeas nnd
nays; which were orden d, and the House re-
fust d to adjourn—yens 23, na\s 85, no quoium
being present.
Mr. MANN, of New York, then movtd a call
of the House; which was oidtred—ayes 53, noes
47.
After proceeding with the eal! of a ft w naves,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of  Noith Caiolnn, said he
1 felt assured the call would lie use I rs at that t me
of day, (between three and foui o'tlotK,) and he
therefore moved that its further procei oings be
dispensed with, which was ngiecd to—aye  53,
noes 48.
Mr. WISE then moved that the House ad-
journ; and
Mr. GILLET asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered,and were—yeas 51), nays 70.
So the House refusid to adjourn.
I     Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the House
again so into Committee of the Whole.
Mr.'WHITTLESEY.of Ohio, asked the gen-
tleman from New Yoik to suspend his motion, to
permit him to present a resolution that the House
will, until otherwise ordered, take a recess after
this day, during the present session, from three
to four and a half o'clock, p. m.
Mr. CAMBRELENG dissentin;, and several
voices obiecting,
Mr. WHITTLESEY gave notice thathesliould
again ask leave to-morrow mornirg, and if ob-
jected to, he should then move to suspend the
rules to enable him to offer the resolution.
The House then took up the bill for thp better
protection of the western frontier; which was
read a third time, and passed.
Mi. HA WES remarked that, as they did not
seem much inclined to enter seriously into any
other busintss, he thought that about as good a
time as any to take up the joint resoluuo i from
I  the Senate, fifing the day ot adjournment
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn;
which was agreed to—ayes 75, noes 32, and so
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wkdnksdat, May 18, 18C6.
Mr. GRUNDY presented the' petition of sun-
dry citizens of Michigan, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post route; which was referred to
the   Committee  on  the Post   Offico and Fost
Mr O. also presented the memorial of the
nrestdentand trusteesof the Nashville Univeisity,
stating that the donation of land heretofore mad*
them had failed to answer the purpose for whica
uwas intended, and asking for a further grant;
which was referred to the Committee on I ul>l „
^Messrs. CLAYTON, SWIFT, SHEPLEY
WHITE, and T0ML1NS0N, report, d several
billa from the House, without amendment
