468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
NEW POST ROUTES.                          |
Mr LINN submitted the following resolution,
v,liieh ins on the table ont dav:
Jleso/ierf, That the Committee on the Po*t Office and
Po-t K' a<l= be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
esfibl^hm* the folloivmit po-.t route , to «it
From War-aw, Illinois, via Keokuck, v\ laconsin 1 ern-
tor' Fort des Moines, Fort Madison, Gib onV Ferry, Bur
lin«ton, Iowa, Clark - Firry, Divenport, Parkhur-t, B !le
vu<\ Dubuque, Pene, Durang's Waj man's, Ca>sville, and
Prairie du Chien, to Fort Snellmg
From Canhase, Minor*, via Commerce, Illinois, to Fort
Des Moines, tt i>eonMn Territory
From Richland Town, via Burlington, to Micomb, Illi-
nois
From Burlington, Wisconsin Territory, to Monmouth,
Illinois
From the Rapids on the Des Moines river, via Mount
Pleasant and Pon achique, to Dubuque
From Stephenson, Illinois, to Davenport, Wisconsin
Territory
From Savannah, Illinois, to Belle\ ue, Wisconsin Tern
too
From Dubuque, via Sinsinawa post office at Centreville,
and Blast Furnace, to Elk Gro\ e
From Mineral Point, \ia Savannah, on the Wisconsin
nver, to Prairie Du Chien
From Mineral Point, via Dodgeville and Helena, to
Arena
From Dodjeville, via James Morrison's, Moundville, city
of the Four Lake*, Fort Winnebago, Butte des Mor*., Lit
tie Butte des Morts, Grand Kakalaw, aud Menomonee, to
Green Bay.
From Cassville to Mineral Point
From Galena, Illinois, via Vinegar Hill, Elk Grove, and
Bellmont, to Mineral Point
From Galena, Illinois, via Whtte Oak Springs, G-atiot's
Grove, Willow Spring, and Praine Springs, to Mineral
Point
From Gratiot's Grove, via Wiota, McNutt's Digging-.,
Wisconsin City,to Milwaukee.                                           I
From Wisconsin City to Kacine
From Fort Winnebago, via Fond du Lae, Calumet Village,
to Grand Kakalaw
From Chicago, Illinois, via Pike river, Racine, Milwau
kee, Chebragon, Pigeon, and Mauhtewac,t o Green Bay
From Wi consin City to the city of the Four Lakes.
PROTECTION OF THE FRONTIERS.
Mr, KING, of Alabama, observed that they had
received information that morning of a charactei
which rendered it necessary that they should pro-
ceed, without delay, to the consideration of the bill
providing for raising an additional force for the
protection of the frontiers. They had undoubted
information that the Creek Indians who had, for
some time, been in communication with the Sem-
inóles, had manifested a hostile spiut. In this
state of things, he deemed it unnecessary to say
anything more than to ask the Senate to take up
the bill from the House authorizing the President
to accept the services of volunteers; and he hoped
that the amendments made to it by the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] would ob-
viate all objections to it, and that it would be
ned and sent back to the House immediately,
ley wished to avoid the scenes of horror
that had been witnessed in Florida, it was neces-
sary for them to act at once.
The bill was then taken up; and after the amend.- I
ments had been explained by Mr. PRESTON,
th°y were agreed to, and the bill was ordered to
a third reading.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION B'LL.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the bill making
appropriations for the Indian department for the
year 1836, was take,n up.
The amendments of the committee having been
agreed to,
Mr. LINN offered an amendment providing
for the salary of a clerk for the superintendent of
Indian affans for the Territory of Wisconsin,
$1,200, which was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT offered an amendment author-
izing the Secretary of War to invest, in some safe
public stocks, the sum of $33,000, the balance re-
maining from the sales of the lands acquired
under the treaty with the Seneca and Sandusky
Indians; which amendment was also agreed to.
Mr. WHITE submitted an amendment provid-
ing that the appropriation of $40,000 forre moving
the Indians of" Wisconsin to the neutral ground on
the borders of Missouri, shall not be used unless
said Indians will agree to emigrate to the country
on the south side of the Missouri river.
Mr. W. explained the objects of the amend-
ment, and «tiongly urged its propriety.   If these
Indians  (he said) were troublesome neighbors
now to the whites, they would be equally so in .
the country to which it was proposed to remove
them. Indeed, they might as well remain where
they are as to be sent to the very bordéis of Mis-
soim and ciose upon the white-settlements, and
he hoped that the amendment would be adopted,
so that, if they were rujnoved at all, they would
be sent where they were not likely to give future
trouble. Mr. W. spoke of the delays in the emi-
gration of the Indians, he did not censure the
ecretary of War, who had done e\erything in
his power to hasten the emigration; but there was
blame somewhere, and it must be in the incom-
petence or unfaithfulness of some of the agents
that had been employed.
Mr KING* of Alabama, said the interests of
speculating winte men had greatly retarded the
removal of the Indians. The last agent appointed
(he believed) was faithful, but had found his
energies counteracted by these interested whites.
The Secretary of Wai had facilitated their re-
moval by taking measures to prevent their being
daily forced to tra\el unreasonable distances, and
also to prevent their being exposed to inclement
weather. But notwithstanding every precaution
used by the Government to prevent it, he believed
frauds had been committed which caused the diffi-
culty with the Indians; and he therefore hoped
the amendment containing the appropriation might
prevail.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that some gentleman
who understood the subject would explain the
uses for which this appropna'ion was intended,
and the prospect theie was of its being applied
so as to accomplish the object in view. For his
pait, he feared that it would, like other appropri-
ations of the kind, be pioductive only of the
greatest frauds. He had long anticipated things
of this kind. He had long believed that this
Indian department was one of the branches of
the Government under which the greatest frauds
would be perpetrated—that and the public lands,
and the banking system He only regretted that
the speculators in Indian lands were not the per-
sons to suffer, instead of the frontier inhabitants.
It made his heart bleed to think of the sufferings
of the innocent frontier settlers. All these evils
(he said) had been the result of mismanagement.
The persons appointed had been generally mca-
Eable or unfaithful The Government ought to
ave appointed men of intelligence, of firmness,
and of honor, who would have faithfully fulfilled
their obligations to the United States and to the
Indians. Instead of that, men were sent out to
make fortunes for themselves and to oppress the
Indians He believed that the two Indian wars
they had had were the result of mismanagement,
and that the one that was announced that morning
might be tiaced to the same cause.    All this re-
l suited from want of capacity or honesty in the
agents sent out by the Government.    Did he not
, see on one hand large fortunes built up, and on
i the other the most degrading subserviency to
' those in power'
The prominent cause of these Indian disturb-
ances had been the reservation , which he had
invariably opposed from the flrst, predicting that
they would be followed by speculations, the
giossest frauds, and by the greatest injustice to
the Indians themselves. He recollected that when
the first Indian treaty, containing reservations,
was brought in the Senate, it was strenuously
opposed by a distinguished Senator from New
York, (Rufus King,) who demonstrated the evils
that these reservations would lead to. That treaty
I was confirmed, and since that time the system
had been kept up, always accompanied by the
same abuses. There was no remedy for this state
of things but in the appointment of honest,
capable men, who would consult the interest of
the Government, and the welfaie of the Indians,
rather than their own selfish purposes. Let gen-
tlemen think of the course of this Administration,
and the consequences of its mismanagement of
public affairs. First, theie was a French war
threatened; then a Seminole war; next the prob-
ability of a war with Mexico; and now a Creek
war. All this was the consequence of converting
this Government into a political electioneering
machine, intead of properly administering the
high trusts that had been confided by the people
He hoped that some gentleman who understood
this matter would explain the necessity of the
appropriation.
Mr. WHITE said these were Indians who in-
habited the other side of the Ouisconsin nvoi
and to whom we had agreed to give a particular
sum for their lands They had remained in the
place to which they had removed until they had
expended all their money, and then returned back
again to their old place of habitation, and were
there now, to the great annoy anee of tne jieople.
The nation had an annuity of $10,000. The ob-
ject of this provision was, (although we were now
under no obligation to advance them one dollar,)
that the money should be withheld, unless they
would go beyond the Missoun river, and remain
there. The white people were settled close by
them; and unless they were removed while in our
power, they would be on the Whites, and serious
difficulties would arise. It was a matter of rcg<et
that the Indian agent there, who was an intelli-
gent man, and had the subject much at heart, had
recently died.
Mr. PORTER observed, that if the object was
to place these Indians on the immediate borders
of Missouri, the honorable Senators who so ably
represented that State could better judge than
himself, whether they would be agreeable neigh-
bors. For his part, he was opposed to the íe-
movmg any more Indians to the boiders of Mis-
souri, Arkansas, and Louisiana, although there
might have been some good reasons ioi removing
them from the interior of a State, yet, when they
came to the removing them from the Terntoues,
it would be well to ctvnsider whether they were
not doing more harm than good by the measure.
This was the first step, (Mr. P. said,) in the re-
moval of the Indians from the northwest, to place
them on the borders of the southwestern States.
He had much rather that the people of the north-
ern part of Missouri should submit to the incon-
venience of having such neighbors, than that they
should be added to the number of Indians already
on the borders of Louisiana. Let the Indians on
the north of M'ssoun (said Mr. P.) remain theie;
the people of the northwestern States were not
anxious for their removal, it was only the specu-
lators who were anxious to get the Indian titles
to their lands extinguished This continually
extinguishing Indian titles, while they had such
large quantities of lands of the best quality yet
unsold, benefited no one but the speculator, who
believed that he could more readily get purchasers
for the new lands, and that greater fortunes could
be made by them.
Mr. LINN exhibited to the Senate a statistical
account of the number and location of the dif-
ferent Indian tribes, and said that the State of
Missouri had objected to the policy of locating
them in her vicinity, but eventually submitted to
it; and he would not now object to that system
of policy being carried out. He would rather
see them located on one frontier bordi r than on
two, as it was easier to establish an efficent line
of posts for the protection of one than it would be
forthe protection of two frontiers. He agreed with
the views of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
White.] It was too late to inquire now into the
fact as to whether they had been cheated, which
had been admitted from the beginning. The
Senator from South'Carohna [Mr. Calhoun] wr." 
mistaken as to the Black Hawk war. In that
case the Indians were boughtoff by salt and corn,
and came back again expecting to be bought off
again, and being disappointed in not being bought
off commenced hostilities.
Mr CALHOUN regretted much that the Sena-
torfiom Indiana, [Mr. Tipton,] who knew more
about the origin of Black Hawk's war than any-
body else, was not in his place. That gentleman
rose in his place, and declared that that war broke
out in consequence of the mismanagement of the
officers of the Government. Let the Senator from
Missouri recollect that this acknowledgment
came from one of the warmest fuends of the
Administration.
He acknowledged, with the Senator from Mis-
souri, that the Indians had been treated wrong
from beginning to end; which, unfortunately,
would ever be the case, when savage and civil-
ized men came in conflict; but this was no reason
why they should suffer their agents to practice
frauds both against the Indians and the Govern-
ment. They ought to have honest, intelligent,
and active men to manage their Indian affairs, or
