1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
there would never be an end lo these abuses.
Thtre were n"> people on earth so easy to deal
«nh a* our half civilized Indians It only re-
quirt d ordmuir justice, a mild but firm course ot
conduc, «uh a «tru t adherence to truth in all
transactions with them, and it was the easiest
thin; in tile world to keep them quiet. The Sen-
ator spoke of th< cordons of Indians around the
frontier, but let h in look to the heavy annuities
paid thtin. «huh made it their interest to keep
atntaei With proper management they «e>e
tin besi alius  i could hate to ketp off the wild
Indians at n distance He saw (lit said) very
plainly the progress of events. Thpse Indian
distúrbanos «in* to furnish the pretext for a
large increase of the standing arm v. This was
tht const qui nee ol carr) nig out the principles of
the spoils party, enriching men with large jobs
and contracts, and tin system to be kept up by a
large military fori_e. Hi rt pi ated that there never
«•as a time «lun it was so easy to keep the In-
dians at pe.ice. Their frontier posts «ere greatly
extended, and the Indians were driven back into
the prairies, and, though they were formidable
in the woods, being the best light troops in the
world, they were entirtly helpless in the open
plain. If they wo<t)d appoint honest, faithful,
i nit lligent men to transact their business with the
Indians, instead of broken-down politician*—men
s>ei.t out to be rewarded for parly services, these
Indian disturbances would soon cease; but, un-
less that was done, it was apparent that there
would be continual disturbances, creating causes
for wars, to be folio well by a large increase of
the standing army He should not oppose the
appropriation afttr the explanation of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, but he feared that it would
be used to give jobs to reward some political
partisans.
Mr LINN said he did not rise to prolong this
discussion, but merely to do justice to the char-
acter of an individual now no more. Injustice
had been done the agent of the Sacs and Foxes,
in sayin* that the Black Hawk war was caused
either by want of character or competency. He
had the pleasure of an intimate acquaintance with
Mr. St. Vrane, the agent, and knew hire to be a
man of sterling virtue, active, and of business
habits, and very intelligent. He had done all
that mortal man could do to prevent the war with
Black Hawk, and was cut off in the prime of life
by a band of the Winnebagoes, who were on their
«ay to join the forces of Black Hawk. He fell
in the discharge of his duty to the Indians and to
his country. The appointment of agent was not
Civen to him from political considerations, as he
was known to be what was then called a Clay
man
Mr. WHITE repeated, that if these Indians
were not removed southwest of the Missouri,
difficulties and schisms would take place between
them and the whites; but, by removing them
.southwest of the Missouri, we would have a nat-
ural boundary between them and our people; and, ]
if he belonged to Missouri, he would prefer having
them removed across the river; for, although they
might be nearer, they could not be so annoying
to the whites as if on two borders, and not
bounded by any natural boundary. The plan
wai that, if they were removed there, to have
laws adapted to them enacted for their govern-
ment; but, if removed to where they now own
the lands, no practical benefit would result from
it. Take them from among the settlements in
Wisconsin, under the direction of* faithful agent;
and instead of endangering, they would add to
the safety of the States near whose borders they
were to be removed to; and, so far from being
apprehensive of any injury from them, their
attachment was so strong to the United Stales,
that he would repeat what he had said before,
that, if the country was in need of volunteers,
there was no part of our white population that
would make more faithful soldiers than they. If
they were to remain to annoy our whites, they
might as well remain where they were, as to
remove them back to the place proposed in the
bill.
Mr. WALKER did not rise to continue this
discussion, but to notice some observations that
had fallen from the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Poster. ]   The Senator supposed that the remo-
val of the Indians from Mississippi and Alabama,
to the borders of Louisiana, had operated unfa- I
vorablv towards that State Now he took it upon
htmstlt to say that it was a measure the most fa-
vorable to lier interests, the Choctaws, the Indians
thus removed, having been uniformly the friends
and allies of the United Stales from the time of
the Revolution to this day. These Choctaws had
invariably been our warmest friends; they had
fought by the side of our riflemen, both in the
Revolution and m the last war. And, as the Sen-
ator from Tennessi e well observed, he would rely
on no volunteers sooner than they for faithful
and efficient service. If the Senator from Louis-
iana would inquire at the War Department, he
would find thnt these Choctaws had offered to
raise a thousand volunteers to act against the Sem-
inóles. So far from the removal of these Indians
ha\ nig been a disad-, antage to Louisiana, the put-
ting them on her frontiers rendeied her more se-
cure.
Mr. PORTER said, if the people of the States
of Mississippi and Alabama loved these Indians
so, they ought not to permit them to pass beyond
the lines of thtir States. He apprehended there
would be nothing but "weeping, wmhng, and
gnashing of teeth," on account of the dear Choc-
taws being removed away beyond the Missouri
nvtr, but hecontended, however, that, whatever
might be the state of their feelings now towards
the whites, there was no certainty as to what it
might be in the coming generation, or a hundred
years hence.
Mr. WALKER replied thet the people of Mis-
sissippi and Alabama never intimated that these
Choctaws were troublesome oi dangerous neigh-
bors; it was only because they occupied a valu-
able territory in these States, keeping the States
dismembered, that they wanted them removed
Mr. White's amendment was then agreed to.
After being further amended, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The following bills were severally read the
third time, and passed:
The bill to authorize the President to accept
the services of a number of volunteers, not ex-
ceeding ten thousand, for the defense of the fron-
tiers;
The bill to carry into effect, in the States of
Alabama and Mississippi, the compact with
those States relative to the school lanas and the
five per cent  fund; and
The bill to authorize the appointment of addi-
tional paymasters
The CHAIR communicated the annual com-
mercial report of the Secretary of the Treasury;
and
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, one thousand extra
copies were ordered to be printed
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
after which it adjourned.
i                                                           _-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
I                    Wednesday, May 18, 1856.
' Mr.WHITTLESEY,ofOhio,from the Com-
mtttee of Claims, reported, without amendment,
a bill from the Senate for the rehef of the owners,
office rs,and crews, of the private-armed schooners
Neptune and Fox; and the same was committed.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a- bill to grant to the New
Orleans and Nashville Railroad Company the
nght of way through the public lands; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. M., from the same committee, laid before
the House sundry documents in relation to the
Louisville and Portland canal; which were laid
on the table.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to compensate the mar-
shals and attorneys of the United States for the
districts of South Carolina and Georgia for extra
services; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. PINCKNEY, on leave, presented a peti-
tion; which was referred.
I                     ABOLITION OP SLAVERY.
'' Mr. PINCKNEY, on leave, presented* report
¡ from the select committee on the subject of the
I abolition of slavery.   In making this report, Mr.
P. remarked, that it had received the unanimous
assent of the committee, and he trusted it would
meet the unanimous approbation of the House.
By the instruction of the committee, he moved
that it be read and printed.
Mr. MERCER moved that the report be laid
on the table without reading, and printed.
Mi. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, asked for
the reading of the report; which was accordingly
done.
The reading occupied about an hour and a half.
The report concluded with the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That Congress possesses no constitutional
authority to lnierfere in any way with the institution of
slavery in any of the States of this Confl d-racy
Retched, Tu.it Congrios ousrht not to inferiere in any
way with slavery in the District of Columbia
And whereas it is extremely important ind desirable that
the agitauon of this subject should bo finally arrested for
the pu rpose of restoring tranquility to the public mind, your
committee respectfully recommend the adoption of the
following resolution, viz:
Retailed, That all petitions, memorials, resolutions,
proposiuons, or papers, relating in any way, or to any extent
whatsoever, to the subieet of slavery, or the abolition of
shvery, shall, without being either printed or referred, be
Hid upon the table, and that no further action whatever shall
be had thereon
Mr PINCKNEY was instructed to move that
five thousand extra copies of the report be printed.
w Mr. HARDIN, believing from the first that he
l had been placed on the select committee merely
to make up the notable number of nine, had there-
fore declined to attend, or take any part in its
proceedings. He considered this explanation
necessary, inasmuch as the report purported to
have been agreed to unanimously.
There was one part of the report from which
he entirely dissented. From the reading of the
repot t he understood it to set forth that the
Abolitionists were few, and their efforts insignifi-
cant. In this he did not concur; and he must
enter his protest against it. He believed there
were large numbers of Abolitionists, and that this
report was gotten up for the very purpose of sup-
pressing this fact.
Mr. PINCKNEY said the gentleman from
Kentucky was wholly mistaken. There was no
such expression in the report as the one alluded
to by the gentleman. The expression was, and
it was founded on the signatures to the petitions
themselves, that the numbers of the Abolitionists
had been -exaggerated. The whole number of
abolition petitioners scarcely exceeded thirty
thousand, one half of whom were females, and it
was confidently believed that a considerable num-
ber of the remainder were children.
Mr. WISE said this report had at length come;
he never expected it would have come; and it
was precisely such a document as he anticipated;
' and his protest, for one, went much further than
that of the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr.
Hardiv.] He saw everything in it to arouse
the feelings against it, even moie than against
the abolition memorials themselves. If southern
men adopted this report to sustain their principles,
they would be much mistaken. There was not
one ground in the whole report, long as it was,
for southern men to rest a foot upon. But he
had been most disappointed in this report, because
its author had not kept his faith with Mr. W.
There had been an express pledge given to him,
that the ground would be taken in the report
that Congress had not the power to abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia. He repeated
that this pledge had been distinctly made to him,
that no report should be made, unless that ground
should be taken; and he saw no such ground
taken m the report. The whole amount of what
was contained in the report was, that it was not
expedient now to abolish slaveiy in the District.
Mr. W. said there were petitions and resolutions
laid before the committee, of which no notice
had been taken; and the committee had only
announced, in relation to the States, what every
one knew, that these States had declared that
Congress hail no power to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia. Hl did not consider the
reports ao a dtfense of southi in interest, nor as
an expresión of southern feeling.      ,               .,
Mr THOMPSON, of South Carolina, woulu
not aílow one moment to pass-without his tin-
measuied denunciation of the report just read.
He fi.lt called upon to do so, that U should Dot go
