474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
trate  the  South.     Gentlemen  from  the South  |
assumed positions from which they were driven,
and bv this moans imputations were cast upon
the South.    With  respect to the amendment of
the ffcntleman from Virginia, he would have no
objection  to voting  for  it  when it  should be
brought up as a national measure, and brought
up in its proper place, and in asituation in which
he would be compelled to vote on it; but he did |i
not consider this a fit place to bring in this propo- |
sition.    The gentleman must have seen, by what
took place in another body in relation to this sub-
ject, that the South were divided.    The Senators
from Kentucky, as well as from Maryland, had  >
dissented  from  the  course  which  some  other  '
southern gentlemen wished to pursue.    Mr. B.   I
considered it highly impolitic to call upon the
House to decide a question like this, when the
South was divided against itself, and when they
could not expect to meet with anything but de-
feat.   He could not see how the gentleman could
press this proposition, unless it was because that
the party with which he acted were more accus-
tomed to defeats than Mr. B. was.   Mr. B. said
a large majority of the people of the North had
met the South in the spirit of compromise on this
question, and had said, although there might be
some doubt in relation to the constitutional ques-
tion in the District, still they would not touch |
even slavery in the District. He was aware that, '
in consequence of the course he had taken on this ¡
occasion, he was to be attacked and denounced
both in the House and out of it, as he had lately
been denounced by the contemptible lick-spittle |
editor of the Baltimore Chronicle, as being a trai-
tor to the interests of the South.    Besides this,
communications  were sent from this Hall de-
nouncing Mr. B., and every man who acted with
him, and  pronouncing high eulogies on  those
other gentlemen who were now so ready to press ]
this question; and who was it to be supposed pre-
pared  these  communications?    Fortunately  he
had a pamphlet put in his hands, which would
mark the indi^dual who had been propagating
these slanders.    He wished the House to hear
what this individual, who wished to be the now
guardian of the interests of the South, through the
medium of the press, had heretofore said.    Mr.
B.   then  read the following extracts from the
pamphlet:
" I am here, then, to tell what I know to be true of a
much injured and deeply-calumniated man ; and I know,
as well aa any, that of all men he need not fear that the
truth should be told."
****               *             x             *              *             *             *
" From hü prison in Baltimore he was relieved by the
noble benevolence of Arthur Tappan, who paid his fine in
default of which he had been confined, and sent him once
more to prosecute the self-denying errand upon which, with
a lull view of all the cost, he had voluntarily embarked."
*      *       *       *       *       *        **        *       *
" With a soul that, like the flower that emits fragrance
from its wounds, only rose higher the more it was trampled
.upon, he came back to New England. He had felt, by ex-
perience, what before he liad only imagined, and, imagin-
ing, had lifted up his voice against—the degrading pressure
of bodily confinement; and now that voice was to be still
more eloquently raised to crush a monster so cruel and yet
so powerlul. He established the ' Liberator ' press in Bos-
ton, and has since, been statedly and unweariedly engaged
in its editorship. This paper and its editor are now identi-
fied throughout our land with the subject of emancipation.
Their names ring from northern Maine to southern Geor-
gia ; the universal heart of the colored population of the
Republic throbs with joy at the mention of them; the wary,
calculating, selfish supporters of the colonization plot
(strengthened by on array of the names of some influential
men who have been cheated into us support by the delusive
promise of advantages that can never accrue) ore troce  •
mg the land from North to South, from East to West, to
counteract the influence they are calculated to obtain; while,
at the mere articulation of these words (' Liberator'—
< Garrison') the guilty conscience-stricken slaveholder howls
forth maledictions upon both, and offers his blood-stained gold
at a price for the Liberator's head.''
*       *********
"Never, in ine whole of my experience in human nature,
had X met with a man more purely conscientious than Wil-
liam Lloyd G.imson. Scrupulously regardful of The Right,
{ may truly say that I never knew him to do wrong. His
intercourse with his fellow men was always marked hy a
nice respect to the laws of courtesy, as far as these did not
conflict with that more than paramount duty, moral obliga-
tion. He was a devout worshipper of Truth, as a principle,
and he never compromised it from fear or favor. His in -
terconununication wiUi his fellow-citizens wos thus con-
stantly characterized by a lofty independence which seemed
rather that of the intellectual than of the physical man. His
religion, to whose requisitions he was always cheerfully obe-
dient, taught him humanity ; and lie was humble when con-
templating his relation to his Maker and his fellow men.
But when he felt himself called «poo to vindicate suffer-
ing Truth—to throw himself into the arena of strife for the
support of principle, to become the champion of moral and
religious obligation—he was not, for then it would have
been criminal to be humble or submissive. Having, by a
careful and strict investigation of his positive and relative
duties, arrived at a conscientious conviction of the recti-
tude of any particular path to be pursued, lie fixed his eye
resolutely on the high motive winch urged him onward,
as his polar star, and fearlessly trod therein, although his
course might have been solitary."
Now, (said Mr. B.,) who do you suppose this
was that spoke in this kind of style of Mr. Lloyd
Garrison ? This was the very man who had ar-
raigned him for being wanting in friendship to
southern men and southern rights; as would be
seen by the following extract:
" At a meeting of the Board of Managers of the Maine
Anti-Slavery Society, holden at Portland, at the Christian
Chapel, on Friday, November 1,1833, General Fessenden
in the chair—
" Voted, That James F. Otis, Esquire, be requested to
furnish a copy of the address, just delivered before this
board, for publicaUou.
'•Attest:              Daniel C. Coleswortht,
Recording Secretary."
Mr. B. had been informed that this individual
acted in concert here with a certain party from
the South to make the southern people  believe
that Mr. B.,and those who acted with them, had
deserted the interests of the people of the South;
that this man was the eulogist of every member
that belonged to a certain party, and the denouncer
of Mr. B. and every one who acted with him,
in taking a stand for the people of the South.   ]
Mr. B. did not know whether these circumstances j
were true, as he held no communication with this '
person, and he would warn other southern gen- ']
tlemen to beware of such men.                                  ¡
There was another paper printed in this city \
which propagated these slanders, the editor of,
which had been striving—for four long years had
1 been striving—to get up a difficulty between the {
North and the South.    Mr. B. said there were i
many other passages in the pamphlet he had read, I
j which were more calculated to excite the feelings '
I of southern men than the ones alluded to. He had I
read enough, however, to mark the individual, if
he be the man; and common report said he was
the one who had been endeavoring to set southern
gentlemen by the ears.    Attempts had been made
to cast imputations on the party with whom he
acted in relation to this subject; and if it was not
out of order, he would call upon the chairman of
the committee who had made this report to say
what party had generally introduced these aboli-
tion memorials, and wr.at number of those that
belonged to the party with which he acted had '
signed them.                                                                   I
Mr. P1NCKNEY, in reply to this call upon
him, declined giving any explanation.   He could ]
not do so, consistently with a sense of propriety, '
upon the call of an individual member.    If the i
House required it, he would state all that he '
knew respecting the memorials, butnot otherwise. I
| He had examined them very carefully, and had
made a schedule of the places and States they '
j came from, and of theaggregate number of memo-
| rials and signatures.    He had nothing todo with j
I party, in reference to slavery, and therefore would
j not say anything that might have the remotest
1 tendency to excite any party feeling on the sub-
1 ject.    It was not amiss, however, he thought, to
state that the whole number of memorials pre-
sented to Congress this session amounted to one
t hundred and seventy-six; that they came from
i ten States, embracing an aggregate population of
nearly eight millions; that the whole number of
signatures was about thirty-four thousand; and
that of those more than two fifths were females.
He thought these facts ought to be known. The
people of the South ought to know everything
respecting these memorials.    They could see the
immense disproportion between the millions of
freemen who are determined to maintain their
constitutional obligations to their southern breth-
ren, and the band of incendiary agitators who
would trample on all laws, human and divine, in
the relentless prosecution of their diabolical de-
I signs. He believed that there never was a health-
| ier tone of sentiment in the  non-slaveholding
I States, in reference to the domestic institutions
J of the South, than at this moment.   There was,
, unquestionably, abundant reason for vigilance and
, caution in relation to the fanatics; bin there was
also abundant reason to rely on the enlightened
patriotism of the non-slaveholding States. There
are great moral causes at work in favor of the
South. We should trust their efficacy, and watch
their progress. The people of the non-slavehold-
ing States are alive to the dangers connected with
this question, and they are generously fighting
the battle of the South. They should be en-
couraged by confidence and gratitude, not repelled
by vituperation and suspicion. Mr. P. said he
deeply regretted that inflammatory discussion had
again arisen upon this matter. He should do
nothing to continue it. He had nlways depre-
cated the agitation of slavery in the Halls of Con-
gress. He hoped the subject would soon be dis-
posed of, and that peace might be restored to the
South and to the country. While he was up,
however, with the permission of the House, he
would inquire of the honorable member from Vir-
ginia whether it was his desire to press his amend-
ment to a vote ?
Mr. ROBERTSON replied, unquestionably it
was.
Mr. PINCKNEY then said, if that was his
object, and a vote should be taken, he should cer-
tainly vote for the amendment. Mr. P. held, and
always had held, that Congress possesses no con-
stitutional authority to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia. He thought it susceptible
of demonstration. It had been his opinion, long
before it was ever talked of by many who now
ride upon it as a hobby. The gentleman had
said that the report gave up the constitutional
question. It does no such thing. It asserts dis-
tinctly the contrary, considering Congress as the
national Legislature of the Union. As regards
its power as a local Legislature, no opinion is
expressed. Congress remains uncommitted upon
| that point. No decision has ever been made upon
it by either House; and why should a decision be
called for now ? What would be thought of any
southern man who should move the resolution
declaring that Congress does possess power to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia ?
Now, he had no doubt, that if the House were
pressed to vote upon a resolution denying such
power, it would be rejected, and most probably
by a large majority. He did not know the fact
of course, as no man can know anything that has
not actually taken place; but it was his decided
conviction, that such would be the result. The
South would be beaten, as it had been in the Sen-
ate on the question of reception. One defeat was
enough. He did not desire another. That was
the reason he had avoided pressing the House
upon the abstract questions of the right of peti-
tion, and the actual authority of Congress over
slavery in the District.
Mr. P. had no doubt that the South would
have been beaten upon both grounds, because he
knew that the South itself was divided on those
questions. The vote in the Senate proved that
distinctly. But, in this case, the result, if given
against the South, would be far more fatal than
ever on the question of reception. It was an estab-
lished parliamentary principle, that where a mo-
tion is made to disagree to a proposition, and that
is rejected, it is in effect a vote to agree to it; and
upon the same principle a refusal to reject is a
vote to adopt, and a refusal to deny is a vote to
affirm. It follows clearly, therefore, that to offer
a disclaimer of authority, not only with the moral,
but almost with the absolute certainty that it will
be rejected, is literally tantamount to calling upon
Congress to affirm that it dots possess this dangerous
authority. And why should any southern man
do that? Why force the House to assert a power
it is unwilling to assert? Why compel it to take
ground against the South, and in favor of the
fanatics, when, if left to itself, and its mode of
operation, it would take very strong and decided
ground in favor of the South, and against the
views and objects of the fanatics ? What good
would this do to the citizens of this District, or
to the slaveholding interest throughout the Union ?
On the contrary, every man must see that it would
give a most animating impetus to abolition, and
place the peace and property of the citizens of
this District in imminent jeopardy; and not only
that, but the people of the South, considering an
open assumption of authority over slavery in the
District as almost identical with a declaration of
hostility against the institution of slavery in every
