1836.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  475
other portion of the Union, might be inflamed to ¡'
roeasiTv sof viole nee, in vindication of their rights,
fur •.uch there mulier is, nor * ill be, the slight-
est $ iadow of ncccssuv. Mr. P. said he did not
mrmtf any su-h objects to the honorable member
from Virginia—ccrtuml} not; but he looked to the
tendency of h.s movement, which he could not
but consider as most disastrous to the South.
As matters now stand,everything is operating
favorably to the South.    The'Senate, by a large
majority, has rejected the prayer of the abolition
memorials.    This House has adopted resolutions
pltdemg the national futh not to interfere with
slavery in the District of Columbia.    The tone
of pul lie sintimtnt is sound and patriotic in all
the non-slaveholdmg States.    The South, so far,
is victorious, and everything goi swell for her
advantage and security.    Why, then, press this
abstract question now •  Why force a battle upon
a ground no v\ ay necessary to the safety of the
South, and n ith a moral certainty oPbeing driven
from it!  Is it for the purpose of party agitation'
Is it for the purpose of exciting the South, with
no shadow of necessity for such excitement' He
could not believe it.    What the.-.'   The gentle-
man says a pledge of the public faith signifies
nothing' Indeed' What, then, would a resolution
of disclaimer signify'    1." the House can rescind
the one, so it can rescind the other.    But  the
House would be much more likely to rescind a
mere disclaimer of authority, which is nothing
more than an expression of opinion upon an ab-
stract point, than it would be to violate a solemn
pledge of the national faith, which it could not do
without shocking the moral sense of every well-
regulati d mind, and degrading itself in the esti-
mation of the whole civilized world by the palpa-
ble commission of an act of perfidy.  Mr. P. said
he had no fear of any such atrocity.    He consid-
ered the question settled.    The Government had
made a solemn covenant upon this subject with
the slaveholdine States.    Congress might violate
the Constitution; itrould not, would not, violate
•the public faith.    It was bound band and foot.
The South had nothing now to fear, except from
those who are determined to continue the agita-
tion of slavery for the purpose of excitement.
Abolitionism has attained  its height.    It has |
be<*un to go down, and will soon disappear en-
tirely, if we do not fan the flame ourselves, and
will only allow our friends in the non-slavehold-
ing States to fight the fanatics in their own way,
and not trammel them in  their operations  by
mixing up extraneous and unnecessary questions
with the subject of abolition.    One word more,
(saia Mr. P ,) and I have done.-  I have been
charged with  misrepresenting  the South.    All
that I ask is, that those who make the charge
will allow the report to be printed, that the people
of the South may read it and judge for them-
selves.   I do not pretend to be (Ce South, nor will
I admit that any five or six men here constitute
the South cither, however they may be styled
by certain papers the South—the exclusrvecham-
pionsand immediate representatives of the South.
Let the people read the document.    That is all I
ask: and then we shall see who is most faithful
to the slaveholdmg interest—the humble individ-
ual who presented that report, or those who op-
posed its printing, and would rather have burnt it
than allowed the people of the South to read it.
Mr. BYNUM said he had asked the gentleman
from South Carolina for the facts; but, as he did
not choose to give them to him, he was satisfied.
His object was to have these facts laid before the
people for their decision, instead of the bold as-
sertions that were made in that House and else-
where without a single shadow of proof to sup-
port them. He wished to know the facts, in
justificati n of the psrty with which he acted,
and to have it demonstrated whether the abolition
petitioners belonged to the Democratic party, or
to the other parties which acted in opposition to
it. Mr. B. believed that four fifths or five sixths
of the abolition petitions had come from Individ-
duals opposed to the Democratic party; yet they
were charged, day after day, by such men as the
eulogist of Arthur Tappan, with aiding in keep-
ing up the excitement, and with deserting the
interests of the South. He asked the gentleman
from Virginia (Mr. Robertjon] what object he
had in view in pressing his resolution?   He
beliered that gentleman had stated that the report |
did not go far enough, and would not give peace '
to the South. Now, lie asked the honorable gen-
tleman if his resolution would give peace to the
South' He feared not. The gentleman could
not suppose that it would pass; he had too much
intelligence to think so.
Mr. B. said, as a southern man, he would go
as far as him who went furthest in defense of
southern rights; but he protested, on behalf of
the party with whom he acted, (and, thank God,
he acted with the majority on that floor,) against
the policy adopted by those persons who had
taken upon themselves to be the peculiar guard-
ians of the South. He hnd not listened to all
the details of the report, as he thought that it
was to take the usual course, and be printed, so
that he would have an opportunity to read and
deliberate upon it; and he expected, after this
delibeiation, that he should have been prepared to
vote understanding^ on the subject; and the con-
trariety of opinions with respect to this report
was sufficient evidence that it should be printed
in some shape or other, so that gentlemen could
have an opportunity of examining it. He did
not care whether they had printed five thousand,
ten thousand, or twenty thousand copies; but he
wanted it printed for his own benefit, and for the
benefit of the people of the country.
Mr. ROBERTSON replied to the remarks of
the gentlemen fiom North and South Carolina,
[Messrs. Btncm and Pincknet.] He had been
asked upon what consideration he had proposed
his resolution, while at the same time both of the
gentlemen had avowed themselves favorable to
its adoption. He had submitted the resolution
because it was obviouslyjust and proper. He
set up no pretension to speak exclusively for the
South, and had merely asked the sense of the
House upon a proposition which was almost
unanimously approbated by the people of the
State which he had the honor in part to repre-
sent.
Mr. R. next replied to the argument of im-
policy tn adopting his resolution.   He inquired if
it was impolitic to vindicate the  rights of the
South'   Was there apy propriety in deserting
1 them.'   But it was said that a majority of the
l House was opposed to the proposition which he
|¡ had submitted.    He was not aware how that
fact had been ascertained; but, even if true, why
should it be concealed'   Where was the harm
or danger of letting that fact be made known 
Mr. PINCKNEY explained. He did not say
that he knew of his own knowledge that the
resolution would be negatived. He merely ap-
prehended that such would be the case. As the
matter now stood, Congress was uncommitted oji
the subject.
Mr. ROBERTSON was opposed to all non-
committals. If the resolution should be rejected,
it might then be proper to apply for an amend-
ment of the Constitution, so as to place this Dis-
trict upon the ground it ought to occupy in refer-
ence to the question of slavery.
The gentleman from   South Carolina,  [Mr.
PiNCKNET,] in reply to a question of the gentle-
man last up, had stated that thirty-four thousand
signatures were appended to the abolition memo-
rials referred to the committee, fifteen thousand
of whom were females, and he conjectured that
many others were children, although there was
no evidence adduced that such was the fact.    It
might be safely affirmed that there were nineteen
thousand male subscribers to these petitions, who,
for aught they knew, were voters, or would soon
possess that privilege, and whose influence it was
not for him to measure.   These constituted the
bold, the daring, and the reckless of the Abolition-
ists. They had many secret friends, wliose names
did notappear upon these memorials, and there
i  was doubtless double, treble, nay, quadruple the
I  number of Abolitionists which had been men-
' tioned. He repeated what he had said on a former
| occasion, that this formidable band of Abolition-
l! ists had, by the report of the committee, obtained
all they expected.   They knew they could not
now procure a vote of Congress abolishing sla-
very in this District.    This was not the right
time for them to attempt Carrying a measure of
this sort.    They had, however,  succeeded in
getting up agitation from on  end of the country
to the other, and this report was calculated to
excite rather than to allay this agitation.
Mr. R. ureed a variety of considerations in
favor of the adoption of his resolution, as a meas-
ure demanded by the inteicsts and sccuuty of
the South; but before he had concluded his re-
marks, the hour arrived for proceeding to the
consideration of the special order of the day.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, and by general
consent, the usual number of the report made by   
Mr. Pincknet, on the subject of abolition, was
ordered to be printed.
POST OFriCE DEPARTMENT.
The House then, in execution of the special
order adopted some days since, on motion of
Mr. CONNOR, resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Sutherland in the chair,) and took up the
full to change the organization of the Post Office
Department, and to provide more effectually for
the settlement of the accounts thereof.
Mr. CONNOR remarked that he should not
then take up any time in detailing the provisions
of the bill, but would merely state that the bill
had been drawn up with great care, and had
been unanimously reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. He moved that
the bill be taken up by sections, adding, that he
was instructed by that committee to move a
variety of amendments, which he should do as
the sections were reached.
The bill was accordingly taken up by sections,
and various amendments, moved by Mr. Connor,
were agreed to without a division.
Mr. EVERETT moved to amend the eighth
section, which provided for the appointment of
"an Auditor of the Post Office Department," by
striking out these words, and insert " a Sixth
Auditor of the Treasury;" and further amend
the clause by making the said officer perform his
duties at the requirement of the «' Secretary of
the Treasury," insteadof the " Postmaster Gen-
eral," as in the bill. Mr. E. briefly explained
the object of his amendment to be to disconnect
the Post Office Department from the Treasury.
Mr. CONNOR remarked that, though there
was no particular objection to the plan proposed,
yet he did not think it would work as well as
the proposition of the cdmmittee. It seemed to
him that the connection between the Post Office
Department and the Auditor was necessarily
closer than between the Treasury and the Au-
ditor.
1 Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, was in
favor of the amendment, on the principle that fjl*
duties of the Auditor peculiarly belonged to tne
Treasury Department, and to the Secretary of the
Treasury he should be responsible.
Mr. BRIGGS briefly opposed the amendment.
Mr. MANN, of New York, though t the amend -
ment unnecessary, even to effect the object the
gentleman from Vermont had in view. He said
the object of the committee had been to render
the Post Office Department independent of the
other Departments, and this had been carried out
where practicable. In the case of the Auditor,
he had been placed as independently as possible
from responsibility to the Postmaster General,
except in one instance.- The object was to keep
the funds of the Post Office Department distinct,
so that they should not be mixed up with the
general funds of the country, and thereby provide
an effectual check for the disbursements.
Mr. PARKER was in favor of the amendment,
because a more effectual check would be provided
upon the Postmaster General, by making the
auditor responsible to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, than by keeping him subordinate to the
former, which would be no check at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, was compelled
reluctantly to admit that neither the original sec-
tion, nor the amendment, met his approbation.
Se saw no necessity for having an additional
uditor at all, for he was convinced the duties
could, and would be performed, if the House
ordered it, by the Fifth Auditor, assisted by the
officers of the Post Office Department; and Jet
that officer be called the Auditor of the Post Office
^M^'pEARCE, of Rhode Island, said that if
they reorganized this Department they ought to
