1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
aar combtnattan. to prevent the maktnc of nny btd for a I
matU mtrut t>. any mher person orper-on  , or who shall
uw pit I n\ «runniii or*.iillha\L (¡i\ ii or|Krtonm.d,
p  '>n - ii« *n   ir jv ro'tn *\n\ oon ult run>n« h U( \t r,
*>  - > d ' or i  t t !o m'htn  what \ *r m onlt rt-untluoe
anv o tier p *>o.i or po-Msn- not to bi.l tor a mill rtMitrail
A.tU i« anv |> r oh ^ on utlin*;b^ ninaü contractor, ho may
N to- *m i  i U   mi^vtj ifom t ic *-ervHO oí ük Dtpulinent
Mr. M VNN, of New York,and Mr. BRIGGS,
opposed t!u motion.
Mr. WisC recommended that the gentleman
from Virmont amend the section rather than to
strike it out, so as not to have so great a power
in the hands of the Postmaster General arbitra-
rdy. He would prefer the existence of combina-
tions than to leave so much power in the hands
of that officer without limitation.
Mr. BRIGGS said somebody must be left to
determine,and the section w as sufficiently explicit
in terms. There could not, he thought, be a
tribunal instituted -for the inquiry into this mat-
ter, and lie hoped the section would be retained.
Mr.WIIITTLESEY.ofOhio.thoughttlnssec-
ÜOD of the bill absolutely necessary for the proper
administration of the Department, and, upon
reflection, he hoped the gentleman from Vermont
would witndravv the motion.
Mr. HALL moved an amendment to the sec-
tion, giving the person offending the puvilege of
defending himself, and, also, that depositions
ahoulJ Le taken, JLc.
Mr. GRAVES moved to amend the amend-
ment by res.rating the Postmaster General in
the exircue of the power conferred upon him by
tiic xcUou, exeept upon written evidence before
a tnouiul authorized to administer an oath, and
omy th*n, upon due notice.
Mr. ADAMS disapproved of the amendments,
ana tut section also, for it was giving too great a
power Ui t) e Postmaster General, and he was in
favor of striking it out.
Mr. "WARD WELL contended that the power
embraced in. uie section was absolutely indispens-
able for cariMiig on the Department, and he
hoped it would pass without amendment.
Mr. McCO MAS was in favor of compelling
the Posimas.er General to give his reasons for
d'sc'iar^ui^ a contractor.
Mr. GARLAN D, of Virginia, entered into a
review of the section, which, (he s ud,) under the
fairest cons'ructio'i, was strangely incongruous.
He thouglu the ocst provision would be to make
it the duty ot the Postmastei General to require
evciy mail contracloi to file h.s affidavit, that he
had no connection with t itse fraudulent combi-
nations, and if t.u. individual was guilty of per-
jury let him be prosecuted by the United States
attorney.
Mr GRAVES then modified his amendment
by including therein the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
The discussion was farther continued in oppo-
sition to the amendment by Messrs. BRIGGS,
JUDSON, and LANE, when the amendment was
negatived, as was the other amendment.
The section was then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the following
section was stricken out.
Ssc 31 And be it further enacted, That no letter or
packet, couuimn; an) bound book, or any article of wood,
metal, mineral, or glass, shall be carried m the mails; and
if anv -uc,i Ictieror packet i-hall be placed in any post office
for transmission by mail, it shall be retained by the post
master, and returned to the- person from whom it was re-
ceived
On motion of Mr. PARKER, the thirty-fourth
section was so amended as to require that each
postmaster hereafter appointed should be an ln-
habitantof the place wherein the appointment was
made.
The bill having been gone through,
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office, proposed the following as additional
sections of the bill:                                                    j
Sec  39   And be it further enacted, That, from die 31st I
day of Uecember, 1836, the following rates of postage shall
be "charged upon ail Ii iters and patk.-tu earned in toe mail
of the I mted fttati -,, exccpli i¿ sue  a- are by law exempt
from |K) tajr, to wit                                                         i
F >r <-v -rv <=ins;le letter, or fetter composed of one piece,
carried not exceeding fiH> miles, five cents, over fifty, and
not < tci i due; our iiundr, d mile , ten cents.
(Is r m< hundred, Jiwl iiotexceediiigtwohundredmiles,
fifi    ii r< rru
o. ,-r two hundred, and not exceeding four hundred miles,
twenty cents.                                                                  '
Over tour hundred, and not exceeding eight hundred
mile*, twemv five cents.
Ovcrii.'hi hundred miles, tliim cent-
\nd for inn I ntt r or p iek< t e(imposed of two pieces,
double the-c rate; and (brove-rv letter or packet composed
ot three piece , triple these rate*, and lor every letter or
packet compoee-d ol four or more piece's, quadruple these
rati> Prjitde!, Tint all letter  and packets ot one ounce
avoirdupois in weight, or more, «hall lie charged single for
every quarter ol an ounce
Sic *). And be U fmrtker enacted, That in ca«e the Post-
master General shall deem it cvpedient to establish an ex
press mail on horse bat k, in addition to the ordinarj mail
on anv of the post roario in t'ie I'nitcd States, tor the pur
pose of convey in; slips trom nc wspapers in lieu ol exchange
newspapers, or letters, other than such a  contain money,
not exceeding halt an ounce in weight, marked "express
mail," and public di-patehes, he shall be awhorized to
charge all letters ami packets carried bv such express innil
with triple the rates ot postage to w Inch letters and pack
ets, not free, may he b> law bubject, when carried by the
ordinary mails
S>ec 43 Jlnd be tr further enactel, That the Postmaster
General shall be authorized, in his discretion, to contract
for carrying the mails on the navigable canals ot the several
States, in all case  where, in his opinion, the public niter
est and convenience shall require it, and for the time during
which mails nnv be carried on such cinals, or any parts
thereof, the same are hereby declared to be post roads.
Several other additional sections in relation to
the regulation of the Post Office Department were
then, on motion of Mr. CONNOR, agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS offered an amendment of great
length, prohibiting the circulation, through the
mail, of incendiary publications;, prints, &c Mr.
S. said, as he wished to enter into t le subject at
length, he moved that the comm'ttee then rise,
report the bill to the House, and ask leave to sit
again; which was lost—ayes 58, noes 71
Mr. S. proposed to lay aside this bill, and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the post route bill;
which was negatived.
At the request of Mr. LOVE, Mr Shields
withdrew his amendment for the present.
The last amendment, authorizing the Post-
master General to contract with railroad com-
panies, &c., having been amended as to the price
to be paid, on motion of Mr. MANN, of New
York,
Mr. BELL moved a substitute to the whole
clause, to repeal all laws prohibiting private in-
dividuals or companies from carrying letters for
hire, and proceeded at length to address the com-
mittee in support of the motion.
Messrs. MANN of New York, and HA WES,
briefly opposed the amendment.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
BELL, WISE, and H AWES, when the amend-
ment was negatived without a count.
Mr. MANN, of New York, submitted the fol-
lowing amendments:
Amend the nineteenth section in the last line by inserting
"three," instead of" two," and by adding the words, '-and
two watchmen."
Add the following sections to the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following annual sal
anes shall be allowed to the Assistant Postmasters General
and to the clerks, messengers, and watchmen, provided for
the service of the Post Office Department, tobe paid at the
end of each calendar month, viz •
To the three Assistant Postmasters General, each $3,000
To the chief clerk, «2,100 ;
To the three principal clerks, each $1,700;
To ten clerks, each «1,400;
To fifteen clerks, each $1,900;
To eight clerks, each «900;
To the messenger, $900;
To the three assistant messengers, each $600;
To the two watchmen, each 9390
Be U further enacted, That the following annual salaries
•ball be allowed to the auditor of the Post Office, supsrin
tendent, and to the clerks and messengers herein provided
for the service of his office, to be paid as aforesaid, viz :
To the auditor, $3,000;
To the chief clerk, $2,000;
To the four principal clerks, each $1,700;
To ten clerks, each £ 1,400;
To twenty clerks, each $1,200;
To eight clerks, each IJ900 ;
To the messenger, $900, and to the assistant messengers,
«600.
After a few remarks by Messrs. JOHNSON
of Tennessee, GRANGER, and MANN of New
York, the amendments weie concurred m—ayes
75, noes 61.
Mr. SHIELDS renewed the amendment here-
tofore offered byhim in relation to the Uansmis-
sionof incendiary papers,&c, through the mails,
and moved that the committee rise and ask leave
to sit again; which was agreed to—ayes 78, noes
53.
The committee accordingly rose, and reported
progress. -
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to discharge
the Committee of the Whole from the further
consideration of the bill for the purpose of bring-
ing it into the House, and having it punted.
Mr, STORER moved an adjournment; which
was negatived—ayes 63, noes 81.
The SPEAKER decided the motion of Mr.
Mann out of order.
Mr. MANN then moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of submitting a motion to proceed
on to-morrow, from eleven o'clock, with the two
bills in relation to the Post Office Department;
which was agreed to, and the motion was made
and carried.
Mr. MANN, by consent, moved that the bill
and amendments in relation to the organization
of the Post Office Department be printed; which
was agreed to.
The House then, at seven o'clock p m., ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 20, 1836.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of John
Moore, and others, praying, for reasons therein
set forth, to be released fiom the payment of a
judgment recovered against them by the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the committee of con-
ference appointed on the part of the Senate to
confer with a committee of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses as to the Sen-
ate's amendment to the bill authouzing the Pies-
ldent to accept the services often thousand vol-
unteers for the defense of the western fiontiers,
reported that the committees of the two Houses
had had a meeting, but that they had not been
able to effect the objects for which they were ap-
pointed, having sat the whole day without com-
ing to any agreement whatever.
Mr, K1N.G, of Alabama, (fiom the same com-
mittee,) observed that it was tute that they had
come to no agreement on the point at issue be-
tween the two Houses, inasmuch as some gen-
tlemen seemed to think that they had the whole
bill under consideration, and that they had the
power to modify it at pleasure. He hoped that
when the Senate again appointed a committee of
conference, they would appoint gentlemen who
would be willing to confine their deliberations to
the subject of disagreement, and not think them-
selves authonzed to take the range of the whole
bill.
1 Mr. CALHOUN replied that the committee
did confine themselves to the subjf ct of ehsagrei -
ment until, finding that theie was no possibility
of coming to an agreement on that point, they
entered into a moie enlarged discussion, for the
purpose of ascertaining whether the bill could
not be so framed as to meet the concurrence of
both Houses. His understanding was, that when
a committee of conference came to a proposition
that could not be agieed on, the whole subject
was open to them.
Mr. KING recollected exactly the state of the
case. The proposition last made was, that they
I should extend the term of service of the militia
force of the United States for a year, instead of
its being a volunteer militia foice This was the
last subject of conference; and after talking until
half past five o'clock, the committee found that
thev could come to no agreement whatever.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was true that that
proposition was made, but another one was also
made, and that was, that the President should re-
ceive these volunteers from the States by battal-
ions, regiments, and brigades, officered by the
States. The committee of the other House was
unanimous mi the opinion, that it was unconsti-
I tutional for the President to officer this force,
unless it was made a part of the regular army,
and that then he must appoint the officer  in the
I same way that other officers of the regular Army
arc appointed. He must say that this bill had
been passed under the pressure of very cxtraor-
! dinai y ciicumsíances, and that, consequently, that
consideration was not given to it in particulai that
1 its importance deserved.    It had been called up
I by the Senator from Alabama, unde r the appre-
! hension of a Creek war.and its immediate passjge
