478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
was urgently insisted on. They were told that
there were precedents to sanction it; but on ex- |
animation he found that there was not one. The
precedent referred to was the volunteer bill of
1812, which was passed the very day preceding
the adjournment of Congress. By it, authority
was given to the President to commission these
volunteers; but on what condition ? Why, on the
condition of enrollment. The bill provided, that
after these companies should be organized, and
their services accepted, they should enroll them-
selves as part of the Army, and then, and not till
then, the President was to commission them.
Now, he would ask gentlemen to consider the
difference between this bill which had been cited
as a precedent, and the one before them. By the
present bill, they were to have a dormant military
force in the country, mixed up with the militia;
and this dormant force was to be officered by the
President, to mingle with our citizens, entirely
contrary to the provisions of the Constitution.
They ought to be cautious how they established
precedents. They all remembered the circum-
stances under which this volunteer bill of 1812
was passed. Unfortunately, some of the New
England States held up their militia, and Con-
gress wanted to get that military force without
going to the Executives of those States for them.
They authorized the President to accept the ser-
vices of this militia in companies; and what was
the next step? It was first to enroll, and then
commission them. And what was the next step
now? We get (said Mr. C.) a military force
mixed up with the citizens of the United States,
not organized as part of the standing army, but
officered by the President, thus having, at the
same time, two militia forces, one officered by
the States and the other*by the President. Again,
the power of appointment of the subordinate offi-
cers was virtually taken from the President and
given to the men. He wished to know the ne-
cessity for this departure from the Constitution.
The gentleman from Alabama said, that the mode
of appointment provided by the bill would ren-
der the force more effective. Why should it be
so ? Why would a force officered by the Presi-
dent be more effective than one officered by the
States? He did not_think that the description
of force contemplated by the bill could be
raised. The difficulty would -be in getting the
men to enroll themselves; for officers who were
in the late war said that the same thing had been
ineffectually tried then. There were but two
ways of getting men for a military force; the one
was by volunteers raised on the spur of the occa-
sion; and the other was by enlisting men for the
regular Army from the dregs of society. Now,
the men could not be raised under the provisions
of this bill, and the result would be that there
would be a multitude of officers appointed by the
President, and no men to be commanded by
them.
The CHATR here stated that the debate was
irregular, the message of the House on the sub-
ject of its disagreement not being before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, to give the Senator
from South Carolina an opportunity of continu-
ing his speech, moved to take up the message of
the House with the amendment; which was dis-
agreed to.
The message of the House was then received,
stating that that body insisted on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the Senate also
insist on its amendment, and that it ask for
another committee of conference.
Mr. KING said, although the committee were
rery unfortunate in their conference upon the dis-
agreement between the two Houses, yet he still
hoped they might come to some conclusion in a
matter of such vital importance as this. He could
not assent to the declaration of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that this bill
was forced on the Senate by surprise. It was
sent from the other House, and was some time
under discussion before the Senate. It was time
it was acted on with dispatch, as it ought to be,
for the bleeding citizens of our frontier demanded
it, and it passed without opposition even from
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
himself.    He hoped one more effort might be
[ made, so that we might have a force in the field
sufficient to meet the emergency.
Mr. CALHOUN said there had not been, nor
should there be, anything wanting on his part to
give a safe, prompt, and efficient force for the pro-
tection of the frontiers. If the gentleman from
Alabama believed, that for the sake of having an
efficient force these volunteers should be officered
by the President, he had wholly overlooked the
' Constitution. Ho entertained the deliberate opin-
ion, that this bill was wholly unconstitutional,
i and was not supported by a single precedent. In
reply to  the Senator from Alabama, he asked
I  if it was not under the pressure of extraordinary
circumstances that this bill was called up and
hurried through?
Mr. BUCHANAN said that he had been a
member of the committee of conference; and if a
second committee should now be appointed, he
hoped he would be excused from serving upon it.
He did not believe that the appointment of the
same committee by the Senate and the House
could result in any practical good. They had
been busily engaged in the conference chamber
until a late'hour yesterday, and when they had
separated they were further, if possible, from
agreeing, than when they had first met.
For his own part he-could not feel the force of
' the constitutional objections which had been made
by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn.] It was true that the amendment which
had been proposed by the Senate to the bill of
the House was somewhat vague and ambiguous
in its terms. He had thought,at one time, during
the conference, that we should have agreed upon
an amendment to the Senate's amendment, which
would have made the bill much more explicit,
and would have removed all the constitutional
i objections of the gentleman. When it came to
the final vote, he found that he had been mistaken.
! The amendment proposed in the committee of
conference provided that none of the officers
should be appointed by the President, until the
i volunteers were actually mustered into the service
of the United  States.   Until that moment, the
II  companies which might be formed would thus be
considered as mere voluntary associations, under
no pledge whatever, except that of honor, to enter
I  the service of their country. When once, how-
ever, this pledge was redeemed—when they were
mustered into the service—they became a portion
of the army of the United States for the period of
six or twelve months; and then there could not
possibly be a constitutional objection to the ap-
pointment of their officers by the President. Con-
gress possessed the power to raise armies in any
manner they thought proper. Whether they
obtained soldiers by individual enlistments, or
whether the patriotic young men of the country
chose to associate together as volunteers, and
come in masses, we had an equal right to receive
them.   The one mode of obtaining soldiers was
' just as constitutional as the other.
The amendment which had been proposed,
i whilst it practically insured to the companies the
selection of their own company officers, did not
interfere with the constitutional powers of the
President. The volunteers themselves were to
designate such officers; and if the President ap-
Croved of such designation, these officers would
e appointed.     This would be the   best and
strongest recommendation which could be pre-
. sented to him; and, no doubt, he would always
i obey the wishes of the companies, unless in cases
where powerful and satisfactory reasons existed
to render it improper.                         
Until these volunteers should actually enter the
II  service, they would continue to be militia-men of
the States, and liable to perform militia duty in
the States. Their character would not be changed.
They would not constitute a dormant standing
army in the States, with officers appointed by the
, President, as has been urged, but would be mere
associations, bound together by no law but that
of honor.   Such men would always be ready to
! obey the call of their country in case of neces-
sity.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] did argue that it would be a violation of
the Constitution for the President to appoint these
. officers without the previous advice and consent
! of the Senate. Whatever doubt might have rested
upon this point at the organization of our Gov-
ernment, this power had been exercised, over and
over again, ever since the adoption of the Con-
stitution, under all Administrations. The prece-
dents were numerous. One act had been read,
which passed during the late war, conferring upon
the President, in express terms, the power of ap-
pointing all the officers of the military force to be
raised under its provisions, but requiring him to
submit these appointments to the Senate for their
approbation at the next session. The very same
thing was proposed to be don ' by this act, in re-
gard to all the officers above the rank of captain.
He was afraid to trust his memory in attempt-
ing to state the proceedings of the committee of
conference. So much had been said, that he
could not, if he would, undertake to report it all.
We did not confine ourselves to the point of dis-
agreement between the two Houses; but almost
every question relating to the military defense of
the country had been ably and eloquently dis-
cussed. He had derived much information on
this subject from the members of that committee.
There was one fact which he would mention,
and which demanded the serious consideration
of the country at the present crisis. A gallant
and distinguished officer, who was a member of
thecommittee, (General Ripley,) had stated, that,
according to his recollection, the history of our In-
dian wars did not present a single case in which
a volunteer force had been beaten by the Indians.
Our disasters in this kind of warfare had always
suffered by the regular troops. Our recent expe-
rience was certainly in accordance with this state-
ment. This important fact, however, established
the necessity of raising volunteer corps, in some
form or other, composed of our brave and hardy
youth, accustomed to the modes of Indian war-
fare, and who were able and willing to fight the
Indians, man to man, according to their own cus-
tom. Such men would best protect our citizens
from the ravages of the Indians, and would soon
put an end to the Creek war.
He had said more than he intended, as his chief
object in rising had been to request that he might
not be appointed a member of the new committee
of conference.
Mr. CALHOUN would have been glad if the
Senator from Pennsylvania had stated the whole
of his objections to this bill. He did object to
the President's appointment of the officers in the
recess; because he believed there was no neces-
sity for giving him such powers. The volunteer
bill of 1812, referred to asa precedent, was passed
on the last day of the session, and there was
therefore no time to have the appointments sub-
mitted to the revision of the Senate. But here
there was no such exigency; if this force was to
be at all valuable in the Creek war, they would
certainly sit there long enough to provide for its
constitutional organization. The Senator from
Pennsylvania had omitted another of his objec-
tions. This bill conferred on the companies the
power of appointing the officers, from the rank
of captain down, and there was not the slightest
authority for this in the Constitution. Remem-
ber, (said Mr. C.,) that this bill provides for an
army of the United States: it can only be de-
fended on that ground; and the bill conferred on
the companies the power of appointing their own
officers, while the Constitution provided that they
should be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. The
proposition was to treat all the officers, from cap-
tain down, as inferior officers, and this, too, in
the regular Army; and to have them appointed
by the President without the previous consent of
the Senate. They well knew how an an'bitious
man would proceed, when he wanted to seduce
the Army to aid his views. He would not go
first to the general officers; it would be the sub-
ordinates that he would first practice on; Crom-
well-like, he would take the corporals to his bed.
The proposition was, in creating this regular
Army, to confer on the President the power of
appointing the officers of every grade.
A member of the committee of the otherHouse,
who was a distinguished officer of the late war,
told them that it would be impossible to raise the
force contemplated uy the bill, as it now stood;
that the experience of the late war liad fully
shown that but an inconsiderable force could be
