480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
it was these volunteer companies that were nc- |
cepted, and that the first provision required that ¡
the companies should be officered by the States.
But the greatest difficulty that struck him Was,
that when companies were some from one State,
and some from another, in forming the battalions,
who was to appoint the officers for such battalions?
And so in the case of regiments, brigades, and
divisions. He contended that the only mark
of distinction between volunteers and regulars
was, that one received the bounty and the other
did not. As to the character of the force, the
length of the term of service was of no conse-
quence. It was a voluntary enlistment in both
cases—the one with, and the other without, the
bounty; and they ought to be commissioned in
the same way as the commissions were issued
for the regular army. But the greatest difficulty
in his mind, was in taking a body of men out of
the militia, and keeping them subject to the con-
trol of the President.
Mr. WEBSTER said the first proposition to be
considered was, that the militia belonged to the
States, who had the exclusive right to organize
and train them; there was no other militia known
to the Constitution. The militia, therefore, was
the militia of the States, there being no such
thing as a national militia known to the Consti-
tution. If they were to say that there should be
men enrolled and officered by the Government,
liable to be called into service at its pleasure, that
would be a national militia, which he supposed
no gentleman contemplated. By the Constitution,
they might raise an army, and on a sudden emer-
gency call on the States to furnish military aid
by their militia. In the first ten years of the
Government, a law was passed under their diffi-
culties with France, authorizing the President,
should circumstances render it necessary, to raise
a provisional force; and the act went on to pro-
vide that when raised and organized, this force
should be subject to the rules and articles of war.
There might then be a provisional army as well
as a regular army. He had no idea that any man
could be in the military service of the United
States, but in one or the other of the two charac-
ters—a member of the regular army or a militia-
man, called into service in the constitutional way.
He would be the last man to agree that there
should be an organized unemployed force scat-
tered throughout the country, liable to be called
into service at the pleasure of the Executive;
but for a short service it seemed to him that they
might accomplish the object by providing that
the men should have the privilege of electing
their own officers, such elections to be approved
of and confirmed by the President. It was with
these views, and to render it more in conformity
to the general ideas of a volunteer force, that he
had made this suggestion when the bill was before
them a few days ago. He had simply made the
proposition, leaving it to wiser heads than his
own to determine the manner in which it should
be carried into effect.
Mr. CALHOUN stated his impressions in ref-
erence to that amendment; and, as he understood
it, the members of that committee who voted for
the amendment, voted for it as preferable to the
bill of the Senate.   The question was put dis-
tinctly, whether they would prefer their own bill
of the Senate, or the bill as amended by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, and they decided in favor
of their own bill.   The cases cited as precedents
for this bill were not analogous; and by the act
of July, 1812, the distinction was still broader,
which was " upon the express condition of en-
rolling," which, by changing the phraseology
of a single word, would read, "on the express
condition of enlisting."   The question was dis-
cussed in committee, as to what was the condition
of these men before being called into service after
their service was tendered.    They were citizens,
and he would ask, could they be tried by a court-
martial ?   The question was simply, whether the
President could enroll a number of men as an
army, and leave them in the .midst of citizens?
He could not bring his mind to the conclusion to
consent that the officers should be appointed with-
out the consent of the Senate.   The act of the 3d
of July was passed under peculiar emergencies,
at the very close of the session, and lie could not
consent to recognize it as a general precedent.
I After some further remarks from Messrs.
PRESTON, CALHOUN, SOUTHARD, and
WEBSTER,
The question was taken; and the Senate determ-
ined to insist on its amendment, and to ask for
another conference; and, on balloting for a com-
mittee on the part of the Senate, Messrs. Cal-
houn, King of Alabama, and Nicholas, were
chosen.
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Indian department for the year 1836, was
read the third time, and passed.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the suppression of hostilities by the Creek
Indians, was read twice, and referred.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
after which, it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 20, 1836.
Mr. LEWIS, from the joint committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing vote of the two Houses
upon an amendment of the Senate to the bill
authorizing the President of the United States to
accept the service of volunteers, reported that the
committee had come to no agreement, and that
he was instructed to move that the House insist
on their disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate. [Tiic amendment provides that the offi-
cers shall be appointed by the President and
Senate, instead of being appointed by the volun-
teers, under the regulations of the State govern-
ments, as proposed by the House.]
In making this report, Mr. L. adverted to the
necessity of acting speedily on the bill; and
although he had been instructed to move that
the House insist on their disagreement, and was
decidedly hostile to the amendment of the Senate,
still, rather than have no bill, he preferred to
take the proposition of the Senate; and he hoped
some gentleman would move that the House
recede from their disagreement, and thus let the
bill become a law. He adverted to the probability
of a general Indian war, and the necessity of
speedily providing for such an emergency. He
was credibly informed that at least six thousand
Creek warriors were in arms.
Mr. BELL begged leave to state, from the
information which he had obtained, that instead
of there being six thousand Indians in arms,
there had not been more than six hundred; and
that in all probability the whole insurrection had
been suppressed before this time. lie warned
the House not to be driven into measures by this
panic, because it could not be possible that there
were six thousand warriors in the field in the
Creek nation.
Mr. LEWIS had received his information from
the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. White,] who
had just arrived from the South.
Mr. BELL said, even if the bill did pass, it
could not be carried into effect in time to be of
any service in the insurrection in Alabama and
Georgia. The insurrection must be put down by
volunteers and militia, before the troops provided
to be raised in this bill could be brought into
service.
Mr. LEWIS had no disposition to delay the
passage of the bill; on the contrary, he hoped it
would be immediately passed. He had stated the
number of warriors at six thousand. He believed
that to be the number of warriors; and certainly
there were but very few of those Indians friendly
to the whites.
Mr. GLASCOCK moved that this House re-
cede from their disagreement to the Senate's
amendment; and in making this motion, he would
remark, he did not consider it important at this
time to dispute or discuss the point as to the actual
number of Indians no w under arms, and assuming
a warlike attitude. It was enough for him to
know that many of his fellow-citizens had fallen
victims to the tomahawk and scalping-kmfe, and
that large numbers were fleeing from the State of
Alabama, under the greatest excitement, panic,
and confusion, into the limits of his own State,
for security and protection, to induce him to urge
and invoke the immediate action of the House on
the bill, in order that some final disposition might
be made of it.    And he did believe the passage
of the present bill would produce the most bene-
ficial results to our whole frontiers, and would
have a tendency to give permanent peace and
security to our injured and suffering citizens. He
would, however, observe, that he looked with con-
fidence to the militia of Georgia and Alabama to
do their duty; and he had no fears, if an oppor-
tunity were afforded them, that they would
promptly repair to the theater of action, and at
once subdue the merciless savages, and avenge
the deaths of their murdered neighbors and friends.
But Mr. G. said he had great apprehension still
as to Florida, and was indeed fearful that there
would be a cooperation with the Seminóles and
the lower Creeks; in which event, no one could
foretell orforesee what would be the ultimate con-
sequences, or when the war, now raging, would
be brought to a close. He thought, therefore,
if the bill could pass at once, thousands of vol-
unteers from different sections of the country
would be found entering the ranks, enrolling
themselves for service, and flying to any standard
where those services might be required; and he
did believe and hope that many of them would
have the pride and gratification of aiding in
bringing to a close the unfortunate and ill-fated
war of Florida, and would ultimately render
lasting services in our northwestern and other
frontiers. Mr. G. then concluded his remarks
by making a strong appeal to the House to act
at once on the bill, and dispose of it in some way
or other, without further delay.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, confessed that he
had listened to the suggestions of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] with some surprise.
He did not know on what information the gen-
tleman had founded his opinions; but gentlemen
had certainly seen the statement of the com-
mander of Fort Mitchell, that six thousand war-
riors could at any time be brought into the field.
Mr. W. had seen, on Thursday last, a gentleman
who was incapable of being deceived, and he
had informed Mr. W. that there was a general
movement among the Creek Indians. Besides
this, the Seminóles were advancing towards the
Creeks, and it was to be feared that in a short
time there would be a general Indian war, from
the Creek line to the Gulf of Mexico. He called
upon Congress to act, and act speedily. He
said the numbers of the Indians were greater than
gentlemen generally imagined—General Gaines
had estimated the Seminóles at fifteen hundred,
and General Scott at twelve hundred; and, from
every appearance, it was to be feared that a
general war would break out.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, agreed
fully with gentlemen as to the dangerof an erup-
tion, not only of the Creeks, but of other Indian
tribes. It will be remembered that months past
he had expressed his fears on this subject, which
were then regarded as visionary. He was very
sorry that his predictions were in the course of
such terrible fulfillment. He had as much sym-
pathy, and as many personal reasons for that
sympathy, as any man on this floor; as many of
his kindred and his blood, and as dear to him,
were on that frontier, as of any other member.
But it was precisely on that account that he was
opposed to a measure not only of permanent and
great danger, but of present impracticability.
He would not, under a momentary panic, vote
for a measure likely to cause so much evil, and
certain to have no practical beneficial results.
He had no hesitation in saying that men will not
volunteer under officers to be appointed by the
President. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Glascock] said that these volunteers, as they are
called, will be furnished by Kentucky and Ten-
nessee. He is mistaken. There is no place to
which he would sooner go for volunteers, properly
so called, than to those States; but they are the
last to which he would go to enlist soldiers in a
regular army.  This would be, in every attribute,
a regular army, and you will get none to join it
but such as would enlist. Men are not to bt
cheated into enlisting in a regular army by calling
them volunteers.
He spoke of the people he was acquainted with,
and said with confidence, that whilst they would
promptly volunteer in this or any other emer-
gency, under their own officers, men in whose
courage,  skill   protection, and kindness, they
