THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Sixmos, 04th Congress.
"WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1336.
Volume 3....No. 31.
could confido, thev wire just the men who would
not \ottiiuetr under officers unknown to them
Tins has ilwavs been the feeling—a feeling infi-
nitely increased by the Florida campaign, a cam-
paign in which defeat and disaster, without any
lauli or future on their part, had been compen-
sated for by harshness, unkmdness, and ungen-
erous sneers by their commander—sneers upon
men who complained not of toil, starvation, or
discipline, but only that they were not allowed
to fight when an opportunity offered—men, sir,
some of whom, as God is my Judge, I believe
would have terminated the war if they had been
in command.
But, (said Mr. T.,) if these troops can be raised,
how is it to be done! By establishing fifty re-
cruiting stations, bringing the men together from
distant quarters, electing their company officers,
and sending the result here*—the officers, com-
pany, field, and general, appointed by the Presi-
dent irom all quarters5 Such a force cannot pos-
sibly be brought into the field in less than six
monUis, ar>d when they are, they will come to a
desolated country, an exterminated people. Do
any doubt this5 And yet with all this inevit-
able delay, we are to be hurried, without discus-
8.0:1, into the adoption of this most important,
most daneerous, and inefficient measure. Mr.
T. protested again and again against the topics,
the exciting topics, which had been involved in
this discussion. If these tópica are proper, they
are of course not in favor of this impracticable
measure, but of some other that will be effectual.
Is the country defenseless, unless we pass this
amendmentJ Is it true that our Government is
and has so long been so organized, that it cannot
resist an Indian insurrection? He trusted not.
Let the militia be called out, not only in sufficient
numbers to suppress this insurrection,but to sup-
press, and forever, as well by its magnitude, as
by tiip punishment it will inflict on all insurrec-
tionary spirits among the Indians. There is
Ejwer already to call out militia for three months,
et it be done, and instantly done; and in the
mean time let us deliberate with cool heads and
steady nerves upon such other measures as may
be necessary. Air. T. would add  hat, if these
men can be raised, which he did not believe, they
would be exactly such men as he did not desire
to organize, and under officers appointed by the
Executive.
Mr. HARDIN said gentlemen only differed as
to the mode of putting down this war, as all were
in favor of putting it down. He thought, how-
ever, the numbers of these Indians had been
greatly exaggerated. He had no idea that there
were six thousand Creek warriors in the field.
He had no doubt but that gentlemen were sin-
cere in stating what they had heard; but these
reports were generally exaggerated. Besides
tins, he would inform gentlemen that a regular
force was not the kind of force to pal down those
Indians He had said, when the war first broke
out in Florida, that mounted men from Kentucky
or Tennessee were the kind of troops needed
there, and he verily believed, if the Government
had made a contract with western men to put
down this war, that it would have been done for
a few thousand dollars, where it would now cost
the Government perhaps two or three millions.
When the Black Hawk war was going on, the
only efficient force which was brought against
the Indians was the mounted men,and the regu-
lar troops were of very little service. There was,
to be sure, some discontent on the frontier; but
he d'd not think that should be made a pretext
foi increasing the regular Army. He had no ob-
jection to seeing twenty thousand militia called
into service, but he protested against an increase
of the regular Army. He alluded to the difficulty
in reducing the Army after the last war, and ad-
verted to the deleterious effects of standing armies
in every country in the world. The gentleman
from South Carolina was right in saying that
regular soldiers could not be enlisted in the South
31
and West; but tell them that you want militia,
and that they would be commanded by their own
officers, and you could, in a very short time, raise
ten thousand men. He thought, if they were to
have a new conference with a committee ap-
pointed by the Senate, that the bill might be made
satisfactory; but he hoped that no Indian hos-
tility which might break out would induce the
House to pass the bill as it was. He alluded to
the destructive Indian wars which were carried
on in the years 1790,-'91,-"92, which were put
down by the militia, without the regular Army
being over three thousand strong.
Mr. HOLSEY said, the facts in relation to the
Indian hostilities in Georgia and Alabama should
be understood by the House. Information had
reached him that the Indians were in open hos-
tility; that they had murdered several of the cit-
izens; that women and children were flying from
their homes for protection; and the fact that up-
wards of three thousand citizens had deserted
their homes, was sufficient to convince him that
there was a necessity for sp'eedy action upon this
bill. Those people were not the people who would
fly from their homes unless there was actual dan-
ger; and gentlemen could not persuade him that,
the hardy cultivators of the soil would desert all
their resources without there being an actual In-
dian invasion. I could not sit silent and hear the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] say, that
there was not more than six hundred of these
hostile Indians He pressed the House to recede
from their disagreement to the Senate's amend-
ment, because it was his firm conviction that,
unless they did so, the bill would be defeated.
Mr. H. went into an argument to show that there
was no danger.to be apprehended from this bill,
and also to show that it was not unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. CONNOR called for the orders of the
day.
Mr. MILLER asked that the vote might be
taken by general consent.
Objection being made, Mr. M. moved to sus-
pend the rules until twelve o'clock, for the pur-
pose of disposing of this question.
Mi. CAMBRliLENG called tor the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 156, nays 37.
So the motion to suspend the rules was agreed
i to.
|    Mr. SPEIGHT thought the bill had been amply
1 discussed, and that every member was prepaied
to vote upon the proposition before the House;
he, therefore, moved the previous question; which
i was seconded—ayes 106, noes not counted.
1     Mr. PATTON remarked, that considering this
bill as involving a violation of the Constitution,
he asked for the yeas and nays on the previous
question; which were ordered.
The House then determined that the mam
question (which was on receding from their dis-
agreement to the Senate's amendment) should be
put—ayes 126, noes 70.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, asked for the
yeas and nays on the main question; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 74, nays 123.
So the motion to recede was decided in the neg-
ative.
The House then insisted uoon its disagreement
to the amendment of the Senate.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
. The House then proceeded to the further ex-
cution of the special order; and, on motion of
Mr. CONNOR, resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Sutherland in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to change the organiza-
, tion of the Post Office Department, and to pro-
vide more effectually for the settlement of the
accounts thereof.
I       The question pending was the following amend-
¡ ment of Mr. Shields:
II      Be if further enacted, That whosoever Bhall knowingly
and willtully deposit, or cause to be deposited, or offer to
deposit, in any post office in the United Mates, or any of the
Tt miotic* thereof, anj incendiary handbill, almanac, nevvs-
' paper, p-unphlet, print, picture, pamtini;, or other lneendi-
arv paper or docurm nt, for the purpose that the same may
be transmitted by the mail into any of the slaveholding
States or Territories of the United States, wherein the cir-
culation ol the same shall have been, or may be toibidden
bj the laws of such State or Territory, with the intent to
excite the slaves, in anv of said States or Territories, to in
surrection, or domestic violence, upon due conviction
thereof by a jury of the countiv in any ol the district courts
of the United States having cognizance thereof, lie, she, or
thev, sooflending, for each and every offense, bhall be fined
in a sum not less than $-----------, nor more than $-----------,
or imprisoned for a periqd not more than--------months, nor
lc s than---------month , at the di-cretion of the court before
«horn such conviction shall nave been had
Sec — And le it further enacted, That nothing con-
tained in the acts of Congress which establish and regulate
the Post Office Department of the United States shall be
construed to protect any postmaster, mail carrier, or other
offlccror agent of said Department in knowingly publishing
or circulating in any ol the slaveholding States or Territo-
ries aforesaid, any incendiary handbill, almanac, newspaper,
pamphlet, print, picture, painting, or other incendiary paper
or document, the printing, publication, or circulation of
which shall be prohibited by the constitution orlan s of that
State • Provided, That such constitution or laws be not, in
that respect, incompatible with the Constitution and laws
of the United States ; and any postmaster, mail carrier, or
other officer or agent aforesaid, offending in the premises,
is declared to be amenable to the State laws and tribunals
m the same manner, and to the same extent, as any other
citizen or resident of the said State, not in the service of
the United States.
Sec —. And le it farther enacted, That any handbill,
almanac, newspaper, pamphlet, print, picture, painting, or
other paper or document, which shall have been, or shall
be, printed, uttered, or published, with the intent to insti-
gate or excite the slaves ot any of the said slaveholding
States or Territories to insurrection or domestic violence,
or which shall have manifestly a tendency thereto, shall be
deemed and held to be incendiary, within the true intent
and meaning of this act-
Mr. SHIELDS addressed the House at length
upon the subject embraced in his amendment.
He adverted to the importance of the subject
• itself, and to the fact of the President of the
United States having called the attention of Con-
gress to it in his last annual message.    It was
one that demanded the deepest investigation, and
that without delay.    It was to meet the recom-
mendation of the Executive that  Mr.  S. had
drafted his propositions.  He then referred to the
letter of the Postmaster General on the same sub-
ject, and proceeded to review the acts and designs
I of the Abolitionists, and the danger to be appre-
l hended from them.    According to their own re-
I ports there were three hundred and fifty societies,
i all regularly organized, with officers and execu-
' tive committees, distributing pamphlets, papers,
circulars,  prints, &c, in every possible way,
either by special agents or through the mail. The
object of these societies was identical with that
of the Amis des Noirs during the first French rev-
olution, whose designs  and  labors  eventually-
produced the dreadful scenes in St. Domingo.
He quoted a remarkable expression of Robes-
i pierre on that occasion, that he would rather see
all the colonies perish than that the society should
abandon its principles; which was a paiallcl to a
well known declaration of the abolition society
in  this  country.    After cursorily reviewing  a
variety of historical facts on the subject, he went
on to show that the General Government ought
to interfere, or at least it was a subject requiring
1 the gravest deliberation, so far as regarded the
transmission of incendiary papers    He examined
at length the compact binding the States together,
by which it was seen that property in slaves could
not be interfered with either by the Geneial Gov-
ernment, or by one State with another     But
I there was a power given to the General Govern-
ment, that of regulating commerce among the
I several States, and to establish post offices and
' post routes, which came within the provisions
of his proposition.
Mr HALL, of Vermont, said he concurred
with the centleman that the subject of slavery
was one over which the slaveholding States alone
respectively had power, and if it had been shown
that the States had exerted ir power, and had
failed, then he would consider the gentleman s
