482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
amendment. He held that Congress had no power '
over the subject of slavery, but he also held that
it had no constitutional power to restrict the pro-
ductions of the press passing through the mail.
They could prescribe the mode by which pack-
ages should be conveyed, their postage and
weight, but the moment they took upon them-
selves the power to examine into the character of
publications, to look into the sentiments they con-
tained,, or the mode of expressing them, and de-
termine upon their tendency, that moment they
invaded the Constitution. "They had no power
to become, themselves, the censors, or to erect a
censorship of the press. If the amendment should
prevail, it would be a direct blow to the liberty
of the press, and would establish a principle
which wrJuId give Congress the power, not only
to abridge the liberty of the press, but absolutely
to undermine and destroy it.
The amendment was then jiegatived without a
count.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to add the
word "money"in the clause prescribing what
the postmasters should receive free of postage
and frank; which was agreed to.
Mr. REED moved an additional clause, pro-
viding that no tax should be paid, directly or in-
directly, by any individual having the accommo-
dation of private boxes or pigeon-holes at the
post offices, to the postmaster of said offices, but
that said box or pigeon hole should be constructed
at the expense of the individual requiring it, and
that he should pay one dollar per annum to the
Government therefor.
After a few remarks from Messrs. REED,
McKIM, MANN of New York, HARPER,
ASH, WARDWELL, CONNOR, BRIGGS,
and PEARCE of Rhode Island,
Mr. UNDERWOOD suggested a substitute
for the amendment, providing that no rent what-
ever should be charged for any box or pigeon-
hole by any postmaster or deputy postmaster,
but that they should be constructed at the expense
of the Post Office Department.
Mr. REED accepted this in lieu of his own.
After a few words from Messrs. PARKER,
REED, JOHNSON  of Louisiana, MANN of
New York, and HARLAN, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BELL moved an amendment, to come in
as the first section of the bill, providing that the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, should appoint three commissioners,
at an annual salary of $3,500 each, and who
should hereafter perform all the duties of the
Postmaster General, and that the act authorizing
the appointment of the Postmaster General be
repealed; which was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, pro-
posed an amendment to the twenty-fourth section,
providing that, in addition to the penalty of being
dismissed from office, any person employed in
the Post Office Department who shall become
interested in any contract should also be liable to
pay as much as would have been realized by said
contract, to be recovered as an action of debt in
any court having jurisdiction over the subject,
&c.
Mr. CONNOR said it met his, as he believed
it would the committee's, approbation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved an amendment,
providing that if any person having the franking
privilege shall make use of it for the purpose of
enabling other persons to evade the privilege,
shall be punished with fine and imprisonment.
Mr. WISE hoped the gentleman would em-
brace a provision making it an impeachable of-
fense for a President of the United States to frank
pamphlets and papers for the purpose of promot-
ing the election of a successor to the Presidency.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, proposed an
amendment providing that the clerks embraced
in the bill shall be in lieu of all the clerks em-
ployed at present in the Post Office Department
under former acts of Congress; which, after a
few words from Messrs. JOHNSON of Ten-
nessee, CONNOR, MANN of New York, and
BRIGGS, was withdrawn.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, offered an
amendment providing that the Post Office De-
Eartment should be open for the transaction of ''
usiness for ten hours in the winter, and twelve ¡
in the summer; which was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN moved an amendment provid- (
ing that, in every ease of dismissal by the Post-
master-General, he should file the reasons there-
for, &c; which was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved the
following in lieu of the nineteenth and twentieth
sections of the bill:
One clncf clerk, $2,400; one assistant postmaster gen-
eral, $0,100 ; lour eleik-. each .^1,800; ten cleik=, $1,300 ;
thiity-fivc clerk , each $1,200; twenty-three, each $900.
Rejected.
Several other amendments were moved and
lost.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the bill was laid
aside; and
The committee proceeded to consider the bill
establishing certain post routes, and to alter and
discontinue others.
Numerous amendments were offered and agreed
to, and others were proposed and negatived, when
' the committee rose and reported the two bills to
1 the House as amended; and, on motion of Mr.  i
MANN, of New York, the bills were made the !(
special order for Thursday next, at eleven o 'clock, (
and the latter bill was ordered to be printed as <
amended.                                                                ¡
[Pending the consideration in committee of the
mail route bill, the Speaker momentarily resumed
the Chair, and, on motion of Mr. Lewis, the
House agreed to a second joint committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two (
Houses upon the amendment of the Senate to the
bill authorizing the President to accept the ser-
vices of volunteers, and a committee was appoint-
| ed on the part of the House.]                                 ,
The House then, at seven oclock, p. m., ad- '
journed.
1                             IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 21, 1836.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Franklin, their Clerk,
stating that the House agreed to the resolution of
the Senate for the appointment of a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
authorizing the President to accept the services of
volunteers, and for raising an additional regiment
of light dragoons, and that the House had ap-
pointed a committee on their part.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Tennessee, prayingfor the estab-
lishment of anew post route; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Messrs.SOUTHARD,TALLMADGE,HEN-
DRICKS,   PRENTISS, TOMLINSON,   and *
NAUDAIN, severally reported, without amend-
ment, bills that had been referred to standing
committees.                              .                              I
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.               j
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported, without amendment, the bills for the
relief of James Steele and David Hunt.                 i
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom had been refer-
red the petition of Thomas Sewall and others on
the subject, reported a bill to incorporate the
Washington Manual Labor School; which was
read, and ordered 'to a second reading.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported, without amendment, the bill for
the relief of James Tucker.                                   !
SILAS FISHER.                               |
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the bill for the I
relief of Silas Fisher was taken up; and, after
having been explained and advocated by Mr. W.,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
DISTRICT BANKS.                           Í
Mr. KENT moved to take up the bill to re- '
charter the banks of the District of Columbia. I
Mr. BENTON said he should oppose the taking i
up any measure whatever, except a defense or I
appropriation bill, till the fortification bill was ','
disposed of; and he therefore asked for the yeas j
and nays on the motion of the Senator from '
Maryland.                                                              [
The yeas and nays having been accordingly
ordered, the question was taken and decided in
the negative—yeas 16, nays 16, the Chair giving
the casting vote.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were sev-
erally read twice and referred:
The bill making an appropriation for the re-
pairs of the United States arsenal at Charleston,
South Carolina;
The bill to provide for the better protection of
the western frontier; and
The bill to establish an arsenal in the State of
North Carolina.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolutions lying on the table were sever-
ally considered and agreed to, with the exception
of the resolution introduced by Mr. Hubbard
relative to banks in Florida.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the bill making ap-
propriations for the purchase of sites, the collec-
tion of materials, and for the commencement of
certain fortifications, was taken up; the question
j being on Mr. Benton's amendment as modified
by Mr. Preston to strike out $101,000 for forti-
fications at Penobscot, and insert " For fortifica-
tions at Penobscot bay,------dollars per annum
for two years."
Mr. BENTON then addressed the Senate in a
speech of some length in favor of the amend-
ment and the bill generally.
Mr. SOUTHARD addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill.
Messrs. HILL and WALL severally ad-
dressed the Senate in favor of the bill; after
which,
Mr. CALHOUN moved that it be laid on the
table to enable him to make a report from the
committee of conference; which motion was
agreed to by general consent.
SERVICES OF   VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. C, from the committee of conference
appointed to confer with a similar committee of
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses as to the Senate's amendment to the bill
authorizing the President to accept the services
of ten thousand volunteers, and to raise an addi-
tional regiment of light dragoons, reported that
they had had a meeting with the committee of the
House of Representatives, and that they had
jointly agreed to recommend an amendment to
their respective Houses, in substance as follows:
The President is authorized to accept the ser-
vice of volunteers, the number not exceeding ten
thousand, in companies,regiments, brigades, and
divisions; the officers to be commissioned in the
manner prescribed by the laws of the several
States from which these volunteers may offer
themselves; where regiments, brigades, or di-
visions volunteer. They shall be commanded by
the same officers by whom they shall be com-
manded at the time of volunteering; and that for
volunteers offering their services in single com-
panies, the President shall organize them into
battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions,
and apportion the battalion and field officers
among the States from which said companies
shall come.
After some remarks from Messrs. KING of
Alabama, and CALHOUN, the report was laid
on the table.
At a subsequent period of the day, a message
was received from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Franklin, their Clerk, stating that the
House had adopted the report made by their
committee of conference, and asked the concur-
rence of the Senate therein.            '
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the report and
message of the House were then considered, and
on the question, "Shall the Senate concur in the
amendment recommended by the committee of
conference?"
It was decided in the affirmative.
FORTIFICATION BILL—AGAIN.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the fortification
bill was again taken up; and after some remarks
from Mr. CALHOUN in opposition to the amend-
