1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
ever have influence in every American bosom. It
was the solemn and deliberate conviction of his
judgment, that they should recognize the inde-
pendence of Texas, whenever they were satis-
fied that she had an established Government.
"Whether they extended their jurisdiction to Tex-
as, as ho desired, or not, they should congratulate
themselves that American institutions, American
feelings, our freedom, our language,and our kin-
dred race, predominated over that fair country,
instead of the colored mongrel race, and barbar-
ous tyranny, and superstitions of Mexico. They
had not, it was true, received official confirmation
of the glorious intelligence which there was so
much reason to eredit. If they had, he would
have at once laid a resolution on the table, look-
ing to the acknowledgment of the independence
of Texas; but not having received such official
information, he did not propose more at present
than to take the initiatory steps of an inquiry by
the appropriate committee.
The Senator from Ohio referred to the agents
from Texas now in this city as being private
agents only. Fie begged leave to tell the gentle-
man that they were public and accredited agents,
and not the less respectable because they were
once American citizens, and not less respectable
than the accredited agents of the tyrant and
usurper, Santa Anna. They had been told to
wait till Texas had established her independence.
She had established it, and was able to maintain
it. By her great and glorious victory, she had
her oppressor in her power, and could dictate to
him what terms she pleased; and Mr. W. said,
the battle in which Santa Anna was captured
was next in importance to the civilized world to
the conflict which terminated in the surrender of
Cornwallis, and would be equally decisive of the
fate of an infant republic.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, was aware, from the
present state of feeling on the subject of Texas,
that every wise and prudent course would be
construed as an opposition to the recognition of
the independence of that country; but so long as
he remained on that floor he would throw him-
self in opposition to every effervescence of feeling
which he conceived militated against the high
character of this country for good faith and the
preservation of treaty stipulations with foreign
countries. He knew not whether the intelligence
from Texas was true or not—he hoped that it
was true; but that should aotalterthe true course
of policy which this Government had invariably
pursued towards foreign Powers. We ask not
(said Mr. K.) whether they have established a
Governmentof liberal principles or a despoticGov-
ernment; we do not ask on what principles their
Government is founded. We only ask if they
have established a Government on settled prin-
ciples;.and having satisfied ourselves of that fact,
we proceed to acknowledge them as a nation. It
was on this principle that we recognized the Gov-
ernment of the Republic of France, established
on the ruins of the old monarchy; it was on this
principle that we recognized the Consular Gov-
ernment established in the same country, and
again recognized the Imperial Government, after-
wards the Kingly Government of the house of
Bourbon, and now the French monarchy as at
present existing. On this principle we had uni-
formly acted, and correctly acted, with respect to
all the new Governments with whom we had had
intercourse. Let us first see a Government estab-
lished, and then only can we act according to the i
principles laid down from the first formation of
this Government.
Was there a man who did not deeply sympa- '
thize with them, and desire to see them freed from
their oppressors ? Did they acknowledge her ,
independence at once ? No, far from it; the elo- i
quence of the Senator from Kentucky was exerted
in vain in the Hall of the other House; our Gov-
ernment felt itself restrained by a sense of pru-
dence and of justice; and it was not till after we
had sent agents to see whether a Government
existed, and what that Government was, that
they recognized them as an independent nation.
So would he act now; so would he that this Con-
gress and this Administration should act on the
present occasion. It was said that the move-
ment of these proceedings in the Senate was to
be regarded as an evidence of the feelings and
I wishes of the Executive on this subject.    He
! had had no communication whatever which would
enable him to know what were the wishes and
1 feelings of the Chief Magistrate; but he should
think that the individual at the head of this Gov-
ernment was too wise and too prudent to hazard
any premature action in relation to a matter in-
volving such important consequences.   He should
have been better pleased had honorable gentlemen
waited for the further development of coming
events, and not, when the public mind was in a
state of effervescence, receive, as implicit, every
rumor which was favorable to the cause of Texas.
They should have waited until they could act in
1 accordance with the long-settled policy of this
' Government. Then he would have been disposed
to go with the Senator from Mississippi, and
1 recognize the independence of Texas, when she
', had proved that she really possessed that inde-
i pendence.   He could not see the necessity of
sending this memorial to the Committee on For-
1 eign Relations, as they had not the means of
obtaining  any information  not already  in  the
possession of the public.    If the motion should
be pressed, and the memorial sent to the commit-
tee, he hoped they would let it sleep, and not
recommend any action until they were in posses-
sion of the fullest information, enabling them to
act in accordance with the settled policy of this
Government, and becoming to the national Legis-
ature and to the nation.
Mr. MANGUM hoped the Senate would send
this matter to the committee, not to sleep, for
they ought to report something on the subject.
From the relation in which he stood as a member
of that committee towards the Executive, he
ought to be cautious not to embarrass that Depart-
ment of the Government; and from local causes
it would naturally be expected he should have
some feeling on this subject. If he had, he dare
not move in the matter until the Executive moved.
He would not vote fora reference of them, orany
other proceedings to embarrass the Executive
Department. He alluded to a bill before another
branch of Congress to fix the boundary line be-
tween this Government and the Government of
Mexico, and they ought to act with some deli-
cacy. He knew he would be denounced in a cer-
tain quarter as wanting in a due sense of feeling
for Texas. But when Texas came up to the
standard of independence, he was prepared to act
promptly, but was not willing to embarrass the
Executive upon mere newspaper rumor. Ho
would vote against the reference on the ground
that he was unwilling to take any step until he
could go the whole length. At present there was
no authentic information that there was any Gov-
ernment in Tcxaa. He would not yield that he
had lesssensibility than others in behalf of Texas,
and being unwilling that the committee should be
embarrassed by this delicate question, he would
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN was of opinion that it would
add more strength to the cause of Texas to wait
for a few days until they received official con-
firmation of the victory and capture of Santa
Anna, in order to obtain the more unanimous
vote in favor of the recognition of Texas. He
had been of but one opinion from the beginning,
that, so far from Mexico being able to reduce
Texas, there was great danger of Mexico herself
being conquered by the Texans. The result of
one battle had placed the ruler of Mexico in the
power of the Texans, and they were now able,
either to dictate what terms they pleased to him,
or to make terms with the Opposition in Mexico.
This extraordinary meeting had given a hand-
ful of brave men a most powerful control over the
destinies of Mexico; he trusted they would use
their victory with moderation. He had made
up his mind, not only to recognize the independ-
ence of Texas, but for her admission into this
Union; and if the Texans managed their affairs
prudently, they would soon be called upon to
decide that question. No man can suppose for
a moment that this country could ever come agaiw
under the dominion of Mexico, and he was of
opinion that it was not for our interests that there
should be an independent community between us
and Mexico. There were powerful reasons why
Texas should be a part of this Union. The
southern States owning a slave population were
deeply interested in preventing the country from
having the power to annoy them; and the navi-
gating and manufacturing interests of the North
and East were equally interested in making it a
part of this Union. He thought they would
soon be called on to decide these questions; and
when they did act on it, he was for acting on
both together, for recognizing the independence
of Texas, and for admitting her into the Union.
Though he felt the deepest solicitude on this
subject, he was for acting calmly, deliberately,
and cautiously, but at the same time with decis-
ion and firmness. They should not violate their
neutrality; but when they were once satisfied that
Texas had established a Government, they should
do as they had done in all other similar cases—
recognize her as an independent nation; and if
her people, who were once citizens of this Re-
public, wished to come back to us, he would
receive them with open arms.
If events should go on as they had done, he
could not but hope that, before the close of the
present session of Congress, they would not only
acknowledge the independence of Texas, but ad-
mit her into the Union. He hoped there would
be no unnecessary delay—for in such cases delays
were dangerous—but that they would act with
unanimity, and act promptly.
Mr. BROWN said he would not enter into the
consideration of the very important topics, on
the present occasion, which the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] had alluded to,
in the course of his remarks, as to the position
which Texas ought to occupy, in relation to the
United States, in the event of her succeeding in
the establishment of her independence. Whether
she was to be incorporated into our Confederacy
as one of its' members, or whether she was to
stand in the relation of an independent sover-
eignty, having no political connection with us
as a nation, were questions which were fraught
with the most important consequences, and
would, when presented for deliberation, deserve
the most solemn consideration.
He would proceed to say a few words on the
motion to refer the memorials, in favor of the
recognition of the independence of Texas, to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. We had been
called on (said Mr. B.) to take this step by the
advocates of the motion, confessedly on the
grounds of the propriety of an immediate acknowl-
edgment of the existing authorities of Texas as
a Government. He, therefore, should view the
motion as looking to that result, and as the means
by which it was sought to be accomplished. What,
he would ask, was the nature of the information
on which this important step was to be predicated ?
Were we in possession of that well-authenticated
intelligence, as regards the condition of Texas,
and the competency of its existing authorities to
i maintain themselves against the power of the
1 Mexican Government, which would authorize
such a measure? These were important prelim-
inary inquiries, and should not be regarded as
settled until we had received more certain and
definite information than we yet had in our pos-
session. Mr. B. could not (he said) consider the
effort which was now making by honorable gen-
tlemen to stimulate action on this subject by our
Government in any other light than as an attempt
to change practically and radically the neutral and
f>acific character of our Government, which had
ong been cherished as one of its wisest and best
settled principles of policy—a policy under the
guidance of which we had grown, and strength-
ened, and become powerful at home and respect-
ed abroad. He, for one, was not willing to
exchange a policy which had produced such rich
and valuable fruits for one of novel experiment
and of uncertain issue. He could not yield his
judgment to the enthusiastic appeals which had
been made to our sympathies on this occasion.
He tru sted that he, too, felt a becoming and proper
sympathy for those in every clime and in every
country who were engaged in a struggle for lib-
erty against arbitrary power. But there tea  a
sympathy which he owed in another quarter, and
which he acknowledged he felt in its full extent—
higher, stronger, and of more sacred obligation than
that which had been on the present occasion
claimed of us.                                       .
It was a sympathy for tiu preservation of our
