490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
since the adoption of the Constitution, the ex-
penditures had been nearly equal between the
North, the South, and the West.
Mr. HAYNES rose and addressed the House
as follows:   Whatever opinions may be enter-
tained upon the subject now under consideration,
it cannot be thoroughly and correctly understood
without reference to the early legislation of the
country, and the claims so pertinaciously set up
on the "part of some of the States, that the waste
lands held by certain other States were the com-
mon property of the Union.    It is not here neces-
sary to inquire at what period, or by what States,
this claim was  set up, as these facts may be
readilv ascertained by an examination of the jour-
nals ot the Congress of the Confederation.   Nor ¡
can it be for a moment apprehended that any at- '
tempt will be made to evade or deny the asser- ,
tion that such claim was made to these lands as
the common property of the Union, on the ground
that they had been acquired by the common ef- '
forts and expenditures of that Union.   Everyone
conversant  with  the   history  of  revolutionary
times, knows that the ratification of the Articles
of Confederation was postponed and suspended
by several of the States, in the hope of coercing
this concession from such States as possessed
waste and unappropriated lands.    Such were the
apprehensions entertained of the effects to be ex-
pected from the delay of their ratification, as to
call into exercise the efforts of our generous and '
powerful ally, the King of France, to induce the
States which insisted most'obstinately upon this
prerequisite to  \vaive their objections and per-
fect the Union by ratifying the Articles of Confed- ¡
eration.   Congress, from time to time, both for
the purpose of satisfying the claims of the dis-
satisfied States, and for the further purpose of
providing a fund for the payment of the debt of
the Revolution, and for bounty to the officers and
soldiers who entered the service for and during
the war, urged the States to cede these waste and
unappropriated lands.   It may be true that a ma-
jority of the States never did recognize the claim
thus set up for the Union; but it is equally cer-
tain that such claim operated powerfully to induce
the several States which owned unappropriated
lands to cede them, or a portion of them, to the
Union.
In the preamble to the act of cession from the
State of New York of the 9th of March, 1780,
the motives referred to are distinctly expressed
in the following terms:
" Whereas nothing under Divine Providence can more
effectually contribute to the tranquillity and safety of the
United States of America than a Federal alliance, on such
liberal principles as will give satisfaction to its respective |
members; and whereas, the Articles of Confederation and I
perpetual union recommended by the honorable Congress j
of the United States of America have not proved accept-
able to all the States, it having been conceived that a por- !
Hon of the waste and uncultivated territory, in the limits
or claims of certain States, ought to be appropriated as a
common fund for the expenses of the war; and the people
of the State of New York being, on all occasions, disposed
to manifest their regard for their sister States:"
" Be it further enacted by the authorü y aforesaid, That the
territory which may be ceded or relinquished by virtue of
this act shall be and inure for the use and benefit of such
of the United States as shall become members of the Federal
alliance of the said States, andfor no otherxtse or purpose
whatsoever."
Whether this cession from the State of New
York conveyed anything or nothing to the Union,
the motives which influenced it alone are to be
considered—to induce the dissatisfied States to
ratify the Articles of Confederation, which was
not finally done until the 1st March, 1781, and to
provide a common fund for the benefit of the
Union.
Following up the example, and in furtherance
of the principle of New York, the General As-
sembly of Virginia, with certain reservations,did,
on the 20th of October, 1783, pass an act ceding
her territory northwest of the Ohio, to the United
States, upon condition "that all the lands within
the territory so ceded to the United States, and
not reserved for, or appropriated to, any of the
aforesaid purposes, or disposed of in bounties to
the officers and soldiers of the American Army,
shall be considered a common fund, for the use
and benefit of such of the United States as have
become, or shall become, members of the con-
federation or Federal alliance of the said States,
Virginia   inclusive,   according   to   their   usual
respective proportions in the general charge and |
expenditure, and shall be faithfully and bone fide j
disposed of for that purpose, ana for no other
use or purpose whatsoever."                                !
The terms of the cession made by Massachu-
setts, on the ]9th April, 1785, are " transfer, quit-
claim, cede, and convey to the United States of
America, for their benefit, Massachusetts inclu-
sive, all right, title, and estate, of and in, as well
the soil as the jurisdiction," &c.    Connecticut,
by her act bearing date the ]4th October, 1786,
cedes " to the United States in Congress assem-
bled, for the common use and benefit of the said
States, Connecticut inclusive." North Carolina,
by her act of cession of 2d April, 1790, cedes her
wastelands with certain reservations, "as a com-
mon fund for the use and benefit of the United
States of North America, North Carolina inclu-
sive, according to their respective and usual pro-
portion in the general charge and expenditure, and
shall be faithfully disposed of for that purpose,
and for no other use or purpose whatever.      In
like manner, Georgia, by her compact of cession,
entered into with the United States on the 2d of
April, 1802, after expressing certain other stip-
ulations, declares " that all the lands ceded by
this agreement to the United States shall, after !
satisfying   the   above-mentioned   payment   of
$1,230,000 to the State of Georgia, and the grants
recognized by the previous conditions, be con-
sidered as a common fund for the use and benefit ,
of the United States, Georgia included, and shall
be faithfully disposed of for that purpose, and
for no other use or purpose whatever."   As the i
phraseology of the cessions from Virginia and .
North Carolina is somewhat peculiar, it may not '
be improper to show what was the mode of as-
certaining the "visual respective proportions in
the general charge and expenditure" of the sev-
1 eral States of the Confederation; although it may
not be difficult to show that this particular mode
of expression in no respect varies the character
of the cessions of North Carolina and Virginia
from those of the other States, nor can it be made
! the foundation for a mode of distribution differ-
1 ing in the smallest degree from that established
by the cessions from the other States.
The eighth article of Confederation prescribes
the rule by which the requisitions upon the Statef 
for money shall be regulated, and is in the fol-
lowing terms:
" All charges of war, and all other expenses that shall be
incurred for the common defense and general welfare, and
, allowed by the United States in Congress assembled, shall
be defrayed out of a common treasury, which shall be sup-
i plied by the several States in proportion to the vahie of all
land within each State granted to, or surveyed for,  ny per-
1 son, and such land, and the buildings and improvements
¡ thereon, shall be estimated according to such mode as the
United States, in Congress assembled, shall, from time to
time, direct and appoint."
When it is remembered that the Congress of
the Confederation possessed no powers of taxa-
tion, properly so called, either direct or indirect;
that the only mode of collecting revenue was by
requisitions upon the several States; that several
of the States did, for a series of years, contend
that the waste land, lying in any one of the States,
i was rightfully the property of the Union; that the
ratification of the Articles of Confederation was
delayed for the purpose of procuring, if possible,
the recognition of this principle; that the first ces-
sion was made in reference to such claim, and for
the purpose of facilitating their ratification; and
especially, when we collate the article above
quoted with the language of the various cessions,
' it would seem to be impossible to give such a
I strained construction to the plain import of plain
' language as to derive for Congress, from the
terms of any single cession, the power to distrib-
ute /the proceeds of the sales- of the public lands
among the several States.                                      j
1 • But to be more explicit.   The cession from
1 Virginia, which,  it is contended, conveys the
> power to distribute the money arising from the
■ sales of the public land, conveys that land to the
United States as a "common fund."   The article
of Confederation above quoted declares that "all !
charges of war, and all other expenses that shall
be  incurred for the common defence and general
welfare, and allowed by the United States, shall
be defrayed out of a common Treasury."    The
Virginia cession provides that the laikl ceded shall
be a common fund, for the benefit of the
States, " according to their usual respective pro-
portions in the general charge and expenditure,"
and for no other purpose. The article of Confed-
eration provides that the "common Treasury shall
be supplied by the several States," according to
the standard therein directed. Both instruments
provide the same means for the accomplishment
of the same objects, a " common fund," a " com-
mon Treasury," to meet "the general charge and
expenditure which shall be incurred for the com-
mon defense and general welfare." In the one
case, the " common Treasury " is to be raised by
requisitions upon the respective States; and in
the other, the " common fund " is created by the
patriotic and distinguished liberality of a single
State. Could it have been possible, without usi ng
the same terms, to have expressed an entire con-
currence of purpose more perfectly than it is ex-
pressed in the article of Confederation referred to,
and the cessions from the various States, especi-
ally the State of Virginia ? Other considerations
enforce this view of the subject as conclusively
as if it had been established by mathematical de-
monstration.
At the time the several cessions were made,no
man ever dreamed that the sale of the public lands
would ever furnish a fund for distribution among
{he States. The country was overwhelmed with
debt; the Government had not the power to en-
force the collection of requisitions of money from
the States; and the strongest fears were enter-
tained that the pressure of common danger being
withdrawn, the arch of the Union would tumble
into ruins. To meet the crisis, to "render the
Federal Constitution adequate to the exigencies
of Government, and the preservation of the
Union," the convention was assembled in 1789,
whose consultations resulted in the formation of
the admirable Constitution under which we now
live. What were the exigencies of Government
for which the convention was required to pro-
vide ? The most important and pressing was the
creation of a fund for the redemption of the pub-
' lie debt by the adoption of such a system of tax-
ation as might enable the Government to meet its
pecuniary responsibilities without the delays, and
vexations, and disappointments, and refusals,
which had invariablyattended the plan of raising
revenue by requisitions upon the respective States.
And yet, in this state of things, when the Gov-
ernment was bankrupt, when the States were re-
sorting to the extraordinary measure of creating
a general central Government, and giving to it the
power of direct taxation over their citizens, and
the entire control of their commerce, for the pur-
pose of creating a "common fund" for the re-
demption of their common debt, and when scarcely
any other exigency could have induced them to
make such concessions, we are now gravely told
that the " common fund," created by the cessions
of portions of their public lands by the States,
for meeting " their usual respective proportions
in the general charge and expenditure," and " for
no other use or purpose whatsoever," was merely
intended to enable this General Government to
collect money from the people of the United
States with one hand, and to distribute it to the
Governments severally with the other. And not
only this, but that, in doing so, " their usual re-
spective proportions in the general expenditure
should be entirely disregarded."
Having very briefly and imperfectly adverted
to the cessions of public lands from the several
States, it is proper and necessary to inquire into
the nature of the contracts by which other pub-
lic lands have been acquired by the United States;
and here it is not intended to follow the track
which has been generally pursued by those en-
tertaining the same views upon this subject.
Much has been said of the comparative cost and
revenue of the public lands. With great defer-
ence to the opinions of others, this is not be-
lieved to be the most correct view of the subject.
It has already been shown that the cessions of
land by the several States to the Union were in-
tended as contributions to that "common Treas-
ury" spoken of in the Articles of Confederation,
to meet the " expenses incurred for the common
defense," as expressed in the same article, and
for " no other use or purpose whatsoever." as is
expressly provided in the cession from Virginia
