500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
induced him in its favor: but at present he could j
not see his wnv clear to do it-
He desired  to propose n question to the dele-
rations of those States askingthu relief-Georgia
and Alabama.    Do the laws of those States rec- I
o^nize the existence of any Indian nation within
their limits ?   He did not ask the question because |
he doubted the fact of their existence; he fully
recognized them.    He did not put the question
to the Government; the Government recognized
them, and by the most solemn existing treaties.
No; he ask<?d these  delegations whether their
laws recognized them as nations ?
Then, if not nations, they are, so far as the laws
of those States can make them, a part of the
inhabitants of the State, and, as such, can rise in
insurrection, commit depredations, but not go to
war. This being the claim of these States, he
would ask them to distinguish the case from a
similar distress arising from an insurrection of
ilheir slaves. We are equally bound to defend
them against domestic violence asagaiiist the evils
of war. And, he would ask if that would afford
a case in which the United States would be bound
to afford rations to the sufferers, when not under
the immediate protection of its military force?
He begged gentlemen to see to what point the
principles of this resolution would lead them.
He said the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] had been rebuked for forewarning
the South of impending danger. He said that
the warning might produce the very evils it pre-
dicted. He thought, however, those warnings
should be received in a different temper. He
thought it the duty of those who foresaw, or be-
lieved they foresaw, impending danger, to give
the earliest warning. For one, he thought the
dangerto the South, on its whole southern border,
from Louisiana to Georgia, was imminent, and
that it was not the part of members to shut their
eyes against it.
Mr. LEWIS, in reply to the question pro-
founded to him by the gentleman from Vermont,
Mr. Everett,] said that the Creek Indians were
certainly not citizens of Alabama, in the full legal
acceptation of that term. They wanted many
of the political rights ard privileges of citizen-
ship. Nor were they an independent nation.
Such independence, within the limits of a sover-
eign State, was incompatible with its sovereignty.
The laws of the State had been extended over
the entire Creek country, and such laws embraced
within their jurisdiction all persons, Indians as
well as white men. One of the anomalies in the
situation of these Creek Indians is, that the Gov-
ernment has formed with them certain treaty
stipulations. They are the only ponion of the
population of Alabama with which the Govern-
ment ever has, or ever can, hold treaty stipula-
tions. They are allowed by the treaty to remain
within the State five years from the date of the
treaty; even though they may, in-the mean time,
have sold their lands. The fulfillment of these
treaty stipulations is now in a state of progress
by this Government. During the pendency of
these measures, these Indians are in a state of
pupilage to this Government, and will remain so,
until they are removed west of the Mississippi.
All their contracts for the disposition of their
lands are made only in obedience to the will of
the President. In this state of things, it surely
becomes the duty of the Government to protect,
not only the Indians from the citizens, but the
citizens from the Indians, and particularly such
citizens as have purchased lands from these In-
dians by the consent of the Government. If,
from any came ivhatevtr, this protection has not
been afforded, this Government is certainly re-
sponsible to the citizens for all the consequences
of this want of protection. It is upon this re-
sponsibility (Mr. L. said) he rested this claim on
the Government, to give rations to those who had
been deprived of the means of subsisting them-
selves, for the want of that very protection which
the Government was bound to afford.
The amendment was briefly discussed by Mr.
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, and Mr. PARKER.
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the resolution
by inserting a specific sum of $20,000.
This amendment was brifly discussed by Messrs.
WHITE of Florida, WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
HUNTSMAN,    GRANTLAND,   HOLSEY,
I LEWIS, and HOWARD; when Mr. PARKER
I withdrew it.
The question then recurred uion the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. To wss:]
which, after a few remarks from Mr. LANE,
was agreed to.
Mr. HAWES again opposed the resolution.
He condemned the policy of providing for our
citizens in this way, for it was holding out an in-
ducement to them not to take measures to protect
themselves.
The resolution was advocated by Messrs.
LEWIS, LANE, GLASCOCK, CUSHING,
HOLSEY, WISE, MAURY, LAWLER,
HAYNES, and UNDERWOOD; and opposed
by Messrs. THOMPSON of South Carolina,
ADAMS, and EVERETT.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, moved
the following amendment, to come in at the end
of the resolution. With this amendment he said
he could alone vote for the resolution: " the Gov-
ernment having failed to extend that protection to
those sufferers, which it was its bounden duty to
have done."
The resolution was further discussed by Messrs.
WISE and MILLER.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the committee then
rose and reported.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
Mr. LANE then moved that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the resolution; which was agreed to.
All amendments being cut off by the discharge
of the Committee of the Whole from the resolu-
tion,
Mr. MILLER renewed the amendment moved
by Mr. Towns in committee; which was agreed
to.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, moved to strike out
the words, " who are unable to provide for them-
,  selves."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, demanded the
i  previous question; which was  seconded—yeas
88, nays 34.
\      The main question was then ordered to be put,
and the resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.    Having been engrossed, it
¡, was read a third time, and passed.
i     The SPEAKERpresented to the House sundry
executive communications; which were appro-
priately referred.
The House then adjourned, at half past six,
p. in.
IN SENATE.
Thursdat, May 26, 1836.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the inhab-
itants of Prairie du Chien.
Messrs. TALLMADGE and NICHOLAS re-
ported, withoutamendment,several bills from the
House that had been referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a bill for the relief
of Thomas T. Barton, without amendment; and
the bill from the House for the relief of John
Randolph Clay, with an amendment.
! Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
| the legal representatives of James Megginson;
¡ which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
i     Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
j nance, to which had been referred the memorial
1 of the president and directors of the Union Bank
| of Maryland, praying Congress to correct a mis-
take in transcribing the award of the commis-
sioners under the French treaty of 1831, reported
a joint resolution for that purpose; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
j Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the memorial of
1 George W. Howard, made an unfavorable report
thereon, and the committee was discharged from
its further consideration.
|     Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to°:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on tlie Post Office and
' Po t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Mooresville, in  Morgan
1 county, via Bridgeport, Clement, Piketon, and Westfield,
to Strawtown, in Hamilton county; also a post route from
Martinsville to Comport.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House
for the relief of Bernard Toplady, reported the
same with amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
building certain light-houses, and placing buoys;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Also, a bill for purchase of sites, and for erection
of custom-houses at Philadelphia, New Orleans,
and Wilmington,Delaware; which were severally
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the memo-
rial of the attorneys of Frederick Raviesces, of
the firm of Cuvier Raviesces; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State communicate to
the Senate, as soon as they may be obtained, copies of all
acts of the Territorial Legislature of Florida, granting or
creating banking charters, or any institution with banking
power  and privileges, within the last three years.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented, at the request
of his colleague, (who is detained at home by the
severe indisposition of his son,) two memorials,
one from sundry citizens oC Buffalo, New York,
and one from sundry citizens of Lexington, Ken-
tucky, prayingforthe recognition of the independ-
ence of Texas; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PRESTON presented the proceedings and
resolutions of a meeting of the citizens of Wash-
ington on the same subject; which were ordered
to be printed, and referred to the same com-
mittee.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the pur-
chase of sites, the collection of materials, and
the commencement of certain fortifications, was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said, that having voted
against this bill throughout, he wished to say a
few words explanatory of the vote he was about
to give on its final passage. His motives for
voting against it were not from any hostility to
its general objects, or to the fortifications which
were in it; on the contrary, he was disposed to
believe, from the quantity of evidence that had
been adduced in the course of this debate, that
the fortifications now in the hill should be ulti-
mately added to the defenses of the country.
With him, however, the question was more as
to time, than as to the propriety of the meas-
ure. If the report of the Secretary of War,
sent in on the 7th of April, was to be relied on,
not a single dollar should be appropriated for new
works, until a reexamination was had of the
whole subject, in order to adapt the system to
the present condition of the country. Now his
opinion (Mr. K. said) was this, that, if this
appropriation should be made at the present ses-
sion of Congress, it would have no effect but to
confine several millions of dollars from the con-
trol of the Government, which cannot beexpended
in the objects for which it was appropriated. If
the Secretary should examine these new works
before commencing them with that care and
deliberation with which he should proceed, with
regard to the works intended for the permanent
defenses of the country, they would not be com-
menced before the next session of Congress, and,
therefore, there was no necessity for hurrying
the appropriations at this time.
Mr. K. said that he did not wish to be under-
stood as committing himself in favor of the plan
originally presented by the Military Committee.
He never could agree to vote for any plan which
changed the whole system, so long practiced by
the Government, and perhaps lead to a change of
our institutions. The report of the Secretary of
War was, to his mind, a conclusive argument
against the present bill, if he had no other objec-
tions to urge against it. Mr. K. highly compli-
mented the report of the Secretary, saying that it
showed a great mind, as well as a practical talent,
well calculated to give to science a practical ef-
fect.
Taking in to consideration that they were nearly
at the end of the session of Congress, and that if
