502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26
for n h\ the rinnzer in the South a id West wis
•mi 'n i i sso ■ w 'h we should dmct our vvi ole
j. (n nin H i A . the rresmt, and not be dividing
,| i >. u in i of t'ie W.>r Depnrtrmnt with tne
,<.  --o -l, \ In re there «is no danger pressing.
Mi   BUXTON rtphcd, that his allusions to
tl.e 1  d in  dis'uibancrs  in the South  had  no
ñu   n 'o the for'ification bills, but to the bill
fo fiiuiii up fie ranks of the Army, which had
been npmttd bythe Military Committee months
agí, and which was also recommended bythe
beuetary of War, whose fate was so peculiar
tint lie ciuld not make a report without its being
praised o.i all hands, though the objects he recom-
mend d «'tic strenuously opposed.    Now, the
Seuetuv ncommended the filling up the ranks
of the Army, and a bill in pursuance of that
reco'nmi ndition had been reponed by the com-
mit tr, yet it had been made to yield to this dis-
tnoution bill     When he refirrtd to the suffer-
in?b of the southern fro Uiers, from Indian hos
t 'ítits, he did it in connection with this contin-
u illy staving off the bill for filling up the ranks
oft íe Army, though that Army hid been reduced
under a compact that it was to be filled up when-
ever the defense of the couitry rendered ltneces-
sjiV that th<"y should do so, though the skeleton
co nptiics of that Army, of fifty men each, dtd
not even contain that  number, and though the
general com Tiandmg in Florida had called upon
t'ie"i 11 the most earnest m inner to fill up their
rank^   They could not (said Mr. B ) get that bul
considered, though in tin midst of summer and
near the close of the session, and though he had
attempted to bring it forward bv a side move-
me it as an amendment to the volunteer bill, he
wis s 11 unsuccessful.    Sn, (said Mi. B ,) the
States are engaged defi.ndi.ig thembelvts, because
n<*gl< eti d   by  the   G neral G~>v eminent.    The
Stitesof Alabama and Georgia are takins caie
of t )i mselves m the same man.ier as if the Gen-
eral Giveminent was expunged; and expunged
it wo Id be, if this scheme of distribution went
on    Tac State of Missouri would have to take
care of herself against the fifiy thousand Indians
pla cd on her borders by the General Govern-
me it,  bountifully supplied  with money, with
arns, and with horses, and amply prepared for
oTe isiie operations. When this vvi etched scheme
ot distrib mo i came to be sUriendered, he sup-
posed t ¡at the States would be reimbursed for
vvint th> y  shou'd  be compelled to expend for
s it d 'tnv; but he much feared that, until then,
they would have to tike caie of themselves.
Mi. WAL.vCR said he had participated in no
pomo i of the debate On this bill, and had de-
8ig i  d g'Ving a silent vote in its favor; but that
the observa ions of his friend, the Senator from
Geoigia, [ .Ir. Ivivg,] rendered it necessary that
he snould explain the grounds upon which his i
vole was given. Mr. W. said he was not in favor
of a large standing army in time of peace, or of
fortify mg th~ whole line of sea-board.    He was
for sj-h an  army  only  as was indispensably
necessiry to occupy important posts on the coast
or fio nier, or in exposed situations in the coun-
try—an ar ny v ery little exceeding our present
number woalJ be sufficient.     He was only for
fortifying important positions upon the principles
reco nmeiidtd m the admirable report of the Sec-
ii 'ary of War, and sanctioned by the President.
He would not,as other Senators had done, com-
mence by eulogizing that report, and conclude by
opposing its important recommendations.    Gen-
til me n hdd said that this bill would subvert the
hbei ties of the country—that armies and military
anay would cover the whole Union.     Mr. W.
had seen none of those formidable armies, none
of those bristling bayonets that seemed to alarm
so many Senators.   The neigh of the war-horse,
oi the sound of the cannon, had not reached his
ears, as one of the consequences of this measure.
The defense of the country was a constitutional
injunction—it was  one of the main .objects for
winch the Government was formed—it is due to
the States—it is due to the peoples-And when
was this defense to be made'   When war had
commenced -    No, (said Mr. W.,) it was the
raasuin of Washington, in peace to prepare for
war. And how prepare, unless by fortifying those
important points on the coast, through which, if
undefended, an enemy's fleet might sail into our
hirbors, ard bun our cities, ind d stioy oui I
ptoph ! Mr.*W. could not pi i cum how vv were
distioving the countiy b\ defending it And
now we aie aski d to sul st tute distnbution for
defense, to a1 andon the defense of the countiv
in oidir to distribute mom y, and thatmoneythe
procteds of the sales of the lands of the Wist
This fatal distribution bill was to surrender
the coast undefended into the hands of a foreign
enemy, and to deliver up the new States, as the
colonies of the old members of the Confederacr.
This distribution of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands originated in a report of a tariff
committee of the House in 1829, and the same
committee which first proposed this distnbution
distinctly stated that it was necessary to give the
old States a direct inteiest in the income of the
public lands, in order to pi event any further con-
cessions to the new States, or reduction of price.
[Here Mr. W. read an extract, proving this state-
ment from this report.] Here was the effect of
this distribution scheme, distinctly conceded by
its authors to be a project to rende r it the interest
of every old Stito to oppress and rum the new
S'ates, and it is for this scheme we are asked to
abandon the defense of the country.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) this distribution scheme is,
in anothei way, an enemy to the defense of the
country. Reduce the price of the public lands in
favor of actual settleis, and enable the poor but
honest laborer to obtain at a low price, a farm
and a home of his own to defend and protect,
and you strengthen his arm and nerve his heart
11 the hour of gloom and danger. Increase the
number of farmers and cultivators of the soil, and
you increase the truest and surest defenders of
the country. But these men are to be sacrificed
by this distribution bill. Yes, (said Mr. W ,) the
bill which refuses to reduce the price of your
public lands is as hostile to the interests of the
poor but industaous laboier of the old as of the
new States Open the lands of the West to pui-
chase at a low puce by poor settlers, and the
laboring man of the North may defy the power of
his wealthy employers. He may say, pay me
better wag< s, or I will go and become a farmer in
the West. This distribution bill, then, is a bill to
bung down the wages of the wji king-man of the
North, and to place the poor in the power of the
wealthy. This (said Mr. W.) was one of the
effects of this distnbu'ion scheme, which would
be made known to the working-men of the North
| —i scheme to prevent their ever being enabled to
j become farmers and freeholders, to give them a
home which would be indeed their own, instead
of diminishing their wages, by forcing them to
remain dependent for their duly bread upon such
miserable pittance for their labor as their wealthy
employers might choose to give them—a scheme
to retard the s -ttlement of the, new States, and to
pauperize the labonng men of the old States, for
the benefit of wealthy capitalists and powerful
chartered monopolies—a scheme to plunder the
new States for the benefit of the old States, and
to oppress the poor man in every quarter of the
Union.
Gentlemen say the militia is the best defense of
the country. Be it so; but are they the friends
of the militia, the friends of the people, who would
expose them to defend every important point
without fortifications, and without cannon' who
would make freemen the sole breast-work, against
which hostile artillery is to be directed ' and^cause
streams of American blood to flow solely because
important points and harbors had no fortifications'
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) I consider the lives of Ameri-
can freemen as above all pnce; and to save and
protect them, I would, if necessary, pour out the
last dollar in the Treasury. Sir, (said Mr. W.,)
it is because I am opposed to large standing
armies, that I am for this bill. Leave the coast
undefended, and you invite foreign aggression;
you increase the chances for war, and thus in-
crease the probable necessity for standing armies.
Mr. W. said he had been instructed by the Legis-
lature of Mississippi, to endeavor to obtain a
military depot at the flourishing and beautiful
town of Columbus, upon the Tombigbee.
Mr. W. said he had laid these instructions be-
fore the Military Committee, which has reported
ft bill embracing the contemplated object, wjiich
b H will become a law, if we tlo riot abondoii de-
fense for d stnbution Mi. W sa d he had nlso
caitied tinouj;h the Sumti ansoiutinn nquning
a suivey of tin c ast of the State of Mi-.s,i&sipp',
and the islands in its \i magi , to ns,c<wnm if
there were time any piopirand judie mis sites
foi fortifications If such sins weio found in that
quarter, Mr. W. said he would ask foits to be
erected there also foi the defi use of Missssippi
and her people and comincice upon the Gulf.
But he would vote foi no unnecessary fortifica-
tions in any section of the Union. Whilst mil-
lions in times that are past have been expended
for other States, Congress has in fact done little
for nothing for Mississipi, and Mr. W. said he
should, upon all proper occasions, press her
claims upon the consideiation of the Sonóte, with
a deep conviction that she would yet ícceive
justice at the hands of the General Government,
'by a reduction, in favor of actual settlers, of the
puce of the public lands.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said the remarks of his
fuend from Mississippi compelled him to say a
word further to reconcile his views with the gen-
eral principles of the report. If he had anypnde
as a politician (and he had not much) it was the
pride of consistency. That it might be perfectly
understood, he would read a few words further
fiom the report, which he had not read before.
Mr. King then read from the 21st page:
" But before any expenditure n incurred for new works,
T I think an examination should be mide in every case, in
order lo apply these pnncipiea to the proposed plan of oper-
ations, and thin reduce the expense ol construction where
11 thia can be p operly done, and aNo the exp >n«e of girn~ons
required to de end works di-proportioned to the objects
I sought to be attained "
This was the language of the Secretary, ap-
proved by the President, and in which he entnely
concurred. He believed, however, that the season
would be so far spent before this bill could pass
that this cumulation could not piopeily be made
and acted on befoie the next session We, there-
fore, had no inducement to tie up additional mil-
lions in tlie deposit banks so lon^ b( fore needfd,
and also depart from the principle of having sur-
veys and estimates when there was no emergency
that justified such haste in the appropriations.
His fuend was for " reasonable defenses." So
was he. In the abstract they agreed exactly.
He feared only that they would differ when they
came to settle what was reasonable.
The Senatoi had very candidly acknowledged
that one of his reasons for voting for this bill at
this session was, because he looked on it as
" antagonistical" to the distribution bill. He
would make a further appeal to the candor of his
friend, and ask him, if he were not sensible that
this was the only reason he had for voting for the
i bill' [Mr. Wvlker said no, he had othei rea-
sons.] He had no doubt the Senator imagint d
he had, or he would not say so. Mi K. could
not think that many of his Demociatic friends
would ever have thought of the enoimous appro-
I pnations at the present session, and this among
them,butfor that fatal surplus. The" surplus'"
"the surplus1" ay, that was at the bottom ot
all our troubit s. It was the root of all the evils
that, he feared, might grow out of the proceed-
ings of the present session. He acknowledged
Us possession gave us much embarrassment, and
surrounded us with perils: but he hoped we
would live through them. He cared nothing for
the surplus. Would to God fifty millions of the
public treasure could be thrown into the crater of
Vesuvius, or sunk in the ocean, unless we could
devise some means to get rid of it that would not
fix a permanent and growing curse upon the
country. He cared but little for land bills, distri-
bution bills, or graduation bills, which had been
referred to; and as to the surplus, gentlemen
might do just what they pleased with it. so they
did not plant it in prodigality, that it might grow
up, and branch off into future expenditures that
would ultimately overshadow and impove ish the
land.
A useless expenditure (he said) was not only
the loss of the amount thus expended, but was
the fruitful seeds of other and greater expendi-
tures. It grew up and branched off like a polypus.
Having once taken leave of the rules of necessary
expenditure, we were soon governed by no rule
tit all. Waste begat corruption, and conuption
begbt more Waste, ami thus, by a reciprocating
