1836.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
ni.w.i. 15 these fortifications. He thought that II
11 It 1.1> im .iiis follow id that the commencement
of 'u- -«vsti m of loititication drew nfu. r it an in-
ert i>< ot 1.it an 1 y to man them, liecuite, if the
for.mentions be there, anil their armaments there
n'-o. taey mi^iit be defended by the miiitia. It
was but a question ot" expediency, after all, that
tiuvtlien hnd to eoniidur. They had fortified
New Yoik, Boston, Charleston, and other com-
mercial cities, and the question was, whether it
was not proper, in the present financial condition
of the country, to extend the system still further'
He agreed that there was no immediate necessity
for making the appropriations at this time; but as
it was to be done some time or other, the situa-
tion of the Tii.aj.ury will justified its being done
iiow .
[The debate was further continued by Messrs.
raVCS and WEBSTER, which will be given
l.> n after.]
The question was then taken on the final pas-
sage of t!ie bill, and it was passed by the follow-
in  \ ote:
\ EA5— Mewrs Benton. Black, Brown, Duebaaan,Cuth-
bert. Dan . Ewuig ot" Illinois, Goldsborough, Grundy,
Hcmlnrk , Hill. Hubbard. Kent, King of Alabama, Linn,
Morn->, Nnujain. Nicholas, Nilcs, Porter, Prentiss, Rives,
Rjbhin~. K«bin-on, Rugiles. Sheplev, Talimulge, Tomlui-
so". Wr-lk.T. Wcb-ti r. and Wright—31.
VAYS—Mev-r-. Calhoun. Crittenden, Ewing of Ohio,
Knit of Georgia, Leign, Mangum, Moore, Preston, and
While—9.
ADMISSION OF ARKANSAS.
The bill supplementary to the net providing for
the admission of Arkansas into the Union was
also read the third time and passed.
RELIEF OF ALABAMA DESTITUTE.
The amendment of the House to the joint res-
olution authorizing the President of the United
States to cause to be issued rations from the public
stores to those destitute sufferers who have been
dnv> n from their homes by the hostilities of the
Creek Indians, was taken up and considered.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, moved that the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, moved to amend the
amendment by adding the words, " provided that
those homes were not on  the unceded  Indian j
lands."   Mr. E. said he had understood, from 1
jvhat had been said in the other House, that there ]
were many of the refugees who had been intrud-
ers on India'n lands, and had been partly instru-
mental in creating the present disturbances.
Mr. KING,of Alabama, said that there were no
such class of persons in that country. He would
not, however, object to the amendment, believing
that it would not apply to any of those to be re-
lieved by the resolution.
This amendment was lost without a division;
and after some remarks from Messrs. PRESTON
and KING of Georgia, in opposition to the reso-
lution, and from Messrs. KING of Alabama, aod
POUTER, in its support,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved «© lay the whole
subject on the table; which motion was agreed
to—ayes 18, noes 15.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
TwrnsDAT, Mat) 26, 1836.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of Mr. Pinckjíet, from the select commit-
tee on the subject of abolition.
The CHAIR stated the present condition of
the subject before the House. The select com-
mittee had made a report concluding with three
resolutions. The previous question had been
demanded, and was ordered to be put by a vote
of the House. The main question was on con-
curring with the committee in their resolutions.
Before the qussUon was put, a division was called,
and the vote taken by yeas and nays, on agreeing
to the first resolution. Pending the eall of the
yeas and nays on this vote, several members de-
clined voting, and asked to be excused; other
members declined to vote, bat did not ask to be
excused. After the list of members was called
through, and before the result of the vote was an-
nounced, some other points were raised upon the
qutsuon of excusing a member; and, at this
stage of the proceedings on yesterday, the House
passed to the special, order of the day-
He stated that, in 1832, a case had occurred |
where a member declined voting, and asked to be
excused, and the decision of the qutstion before
the House wis announced without his vote,
though the House had refused to excuse him,
leaving the incidental questions connected with
his refusal to vote for the after consideration of
the House. Were a different course to be pur-
sued, it would lead to much embarrassment, as
upon the question to excuse one member from
voting, taken by yeas and nays, another might
decline voting on that question, and ask to be
excused; and this course might be pursued still
further, so as to prevent any decision upon the
original question before the House. And as the
result in this case could be effected by the votes
of thoae who had declined voting, whether given
to the one side or the other, the Chair was of
opinion that the vote of yesterday should not be
suspended, but the decision upon the resolution
of the committee should be announced, leaving
the incidental questions which had arisen to be
subsequently settled whenever it should suit the
pleasure of the House to take them up for con-
sideration.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, appealed from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ADAMS said the case cited by the Chair
was one in which he was personally concerned.
On that occasion he had asked to be excused from
voting, and had stated his reasons in writing,
which were entered on the Journal. This was
precisely what he required of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Glascock.] He thought the case
cited not in point.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, desired to say
a word or two on the subject of his appeal.
The CHAIR said that, under the rule, this ap-
peal could not bo debated.
Mr. WHITTLESEY then asked for the yeas
and nays on the appeal; which were ordered.
Mr. LEWIS did not vote yesterday. If he had
been in his seat, he should not have voted. He
made this statement in order that he might take
his part of the responsibility.
Before the vote was announced on th« appeal,
Mr. ROBERTSON said he had not voted, because
he might, perhaps, be personally concerned in
the result.
The decision of the Chair was then sustained
—yeas 138, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Ash, Barton, Bean, Bockee,
Boon, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Briggs, Brown, Buchanan,
Burns, William B. Calhoun, Cambreleng, Campbell, Carr,
Casey,Chaney, Chapman,Chapín,Nathaniel II. Claiborne, '
John F II. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Cole*, Connor, I
Craig, Cramer, Cushing, Cushraan, Debcrry, Denny, Dick-
crson, Donbleday, Dromgoole, Dnulap, Fairfield, Farlin,
French, Frv.PhiloC. Fuller, William K. Fuller,Galbraith,
James Garland,  Gillet,   Glascock,  Grantland,   Grav-nn,
Griffin, H üey, Joseph Hail, Hamer. Samael S. Harrison,
Albert tí. Harrison, Hawes, Haynes, Henderson, Heister,
Holaey, Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham,
Jabez Jackson, William Jackson, Cave Johnson, Henry
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Bichard M. Johnson, Benjamin
Jones, John W. Jones, Judson,Kennoo, Kiigore, Kinnurd,
KUngeiuiutthjLaoe, Ldnswg, Laporte, Gideon Lee, Joshua
LeeTLeonard, Logan, Lo>all,Lucas, Abuaji Mann,Martin,
Moses Ma«ori, William Mason, May, McComas, McKay,
McKim, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Moms,
Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Patterson, Franklin
Pierce, Pettigrew, Phelps, Pinckney. Potts, Joseph Itejr-
, nolds, Ripley, Roane, Rogers, Schenck, Seymour, William
B. Shepard, Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Spangler,  Speight,
Storer,  8ntberlaiU.  Taylor, Thomas,  John   Thomson,
Toncey, Towns, Turner, Turnll, Vanderpoel, Wagener,
Ward, Waniwell, Webster, and White—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams,   Heñían Allen, Bailey, Bell,
1 Bond, Bunch,George Chambers, Clark, Everett, Granger,
1 «raves, Grcnnell, Hiland Hall, Hard,   Hardin, Harlan,
1 Haaeltine, Hoar, Howell, Hunt, Janes, Lawler, Lawrence,
Luke  Lea, Lewis,   Lincoln,   Lyon,   Sampson   Mason,
McKennan, Patton, James A Pearce, Pickens, Rencher,
I RUssell, Augustine H. Shepperd, Blade, Sprague, Standefer,
1 Steele, Taliaferro, Uaaerwood, Vinton, Elisha Whittlesey,
Lewis Williams, Slierrod Williams, and Wise—46.
I In answer to inquiries, as to what would be-
come of the votes of those gentlemen who had
asked to be excused if they should hereafter be
required to vote, the Chair said, that the fallare
of gentlemen to vote could not arrest the decision
of the House.
The first resolution was then declared to have
been adopted—yeas 182, nays 9.    [See list of
yesterday.]
The second resolution was read, as follows:
Rtsalvei, That Cotigreji ought not to interfere in any
way witb slavery in tie District of Columbia.
The House proceeded to vote by yeas and nays
upon the adoption of this resolution.
When the name of Mr. Aoams was called, he
asked to be excused from voting.
The CHAIR said the gentleman's name would
be passed for the present.
Mr. GRANGER also, when his name was
called, rose, and commenced reading from a man-
nuscript, to this efleet:
"I decline voting on the second resolution
reported by Mr. Pinckney from the select com-
mittee"------
Mr. G. was here called to order by various
membcis.
Mr. GRANGER continued. " I do not ask
to be excused because"------
Mr. G. was again loudly called to order in
every part of the House.
The CHAIR said it was not in order for the
gentleman to make an argument pending the vote
by yeas and nays.
Mr. GRANGER then yielded the floor.
Mr. WISE declined voting, for reasons which
he sent to the Chair, but which were not read.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. COFFEE asked the permission of the
House to record his vote. He had usen from a
sick bed, contrary to the advice of hisfnends and
physician, for the purpose of voting on these
resolutions He had been in an adjoining room,
and the officers of the House had neglected to
comply with his request, to be notified when the
vote was taken. It was under these peculiar
circumstances that he had made the request.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, objected.
The second resolution was then declared to be
adopted—yeas 132, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Anthony, Ash, Barton,
Bean, Beaumont, Bell, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Bovee,
Boyd, Brown, Buchanan, Bunch, Burns, Cambieleng, Ca-
sev, Chanev, Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel H. Claiborne,
John F. II. Claiborne,Cleveland, Coles, Connor. Craig, Cra-
mer, Cmhmnn, Deberry, Dickerson, Doubloday, Dromgoole,
Dunlup, Fairfield, Farlin, Trench, Fry, William K. Fuller,
Galbraith, James Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Grantland,
Graves, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hardin. Harlan, Al-
bert G. Harrison, Hawes, Haynes, Holscy, Howard, How-
ell, Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jack-
son, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson,
Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Judson, Kennon.Kinnard,
Klingensmith, Lansing, Laporte, Lawler,Gideon Lee, Leon-
ard, Logan, Loyal I, Abijan Mann, Martin, William Mason,
Moses Mason, May, McComas, McKay,McKcon, McKuu,
McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Ow-
ens, Page, Patterson, Patton, Franklin Pierce, James A.
Pcnree, Pettigrew, Phelps, Pickens, Pmckney, Rencher,
John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Koane, Rogers,
Schenck, Sevraour, Wdluun B. Shepard, Augusune H.
i Sbepperd, Shinn, Sickles, Spangler, Speight, Standefer,
Steele, Storcr, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor, John Thom-
son, Toueev, Turner, Turrill, Underwood, Vanderpoel,
Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, White, Lewis Wil-
liam'., and Sberrod Williams—132.
NAYS—Messrs. Heman Allen. Bailey, Bond, Borden,
Brig?), William B. Calhoun, Carr, George Chambers, Childs,
Clark, Cu*hm , Dennv, Everett, Piulo C. Fuller, Grennell,
Hiland Hall, Hard, Samuel 8. Harrison, Hazeltine, Hen-
derson, Hci,ter, Hoar, Hunt, Ingcrsoll, William Jackson,
Janes, Benjamin Jones, Kilgore, Lane, Lawrence, Joshua
Lee, Lincoln, Sampson Mason, McCarty, McKennan, Mor-
ns, Parker, Phillips, Potts, Reed, Russell, Blade, Sprague,
Vinton, and Elisha Whittlesey—45.
The preamble and third resolution were then
read, as follows:
And whereas it is extremely Important ana desirable
that the agitation of this subject should be finally arrested,
for the purpose of restoring tranquillity to the public mind,
your committee respectfully recommend the adoption of
the following additional resolution, viz:
Retoleed, That all petitions, memorials, resolution , prop-
ositions, or papers, relating in any way, or to anv extent
whatever, to the subject of slavery, or the abolition of
slavery, shall, without being either printed or referred, be
laid upon the table, and that no further action whatever
shall be had thereon.
Mr. PHILLIPS rose to make a point of order,
and was proceeding to state the same, when
Mr. HAWES called him to order, on the
ground that he was making an argument.
The CHAIR requested the gentleman from
Massachusetts to reduce his point of order to
The°hour of eleven having arrived, the Chair
announced the special order of the day.
Mr PATTON moved to suspend the rule, for
the purpose of disposing of the subject before the
House; which was agreed to-ayes I26,noesnot
C°Mr? PHILLIPS then sent to the Chair the fol-
lowing point of order:
