1636.
THE dONGRESSÍOÑAL GLOBE.
507
Mr. MANN, of New York, drew the attention
of the House to the great reduction in the minor
rates of postase: in addition to which it should
be borne in mind, that more than one half of the j
•whole re\ enuc of the Post Office was derived from
the lower than from the larger rates. The effect
of the reduction of the tariff was not to increase, j
but to reduce the income of the Department, and
such was the object of the committee who had
reported this bill.
After some further discussion, on motion of
Mr. MANN, the bill under consideration, together
with the " post route" bill, were made the special
ord er for to-m or ro w, from and after eleven o 'clock.
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 27, 1836.
Mr. ROBINSON, on leave, introduced a bill
to provide for the inspection, mustering, and pay-
ment of volunteers and militia when called into
service; which was read twice and referred.
Mr.
BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which waa considered and agreed to
Resolve.l, Tliat the President be requested lo inform the
Senate whether any increase or improvement of organiza-
tion i¡, needed in the ordnance corps.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill to create a north-
western land district in the State of Louisiana,
and the Des Moines land district in the territory
west of the Mississippi, and north of the State of
Missouri;which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON moved to take up the bill
to provide for the payment of certain pensioners
in the States of Virginia and Ohio; which was
agreed to; and the bill, after being amended, was
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, reported a bill au-
thorizing the corporate authorities of Georgetown
to dispose of a portion of two streets in said town,
which have been rendered useless by the con-
struction of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal; which
was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRESTON moved that the Senate take up
the bill for increasing the medical staff of the
Army; which motion was agreed to; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
EXPUNGING   RESOLUTION.
Mr. BENTON rose and said that there was a
Senator who would leave the body to-morrow,
in consequence of having been called to fill a high
station in one of the States, and that this Senator
wished to have an opportunity, before his depart-
ure,of addressing the Senate on a subject in which
he took a great interest, and respecting which he
had been instructed by his Legislature. The sub-
ject to which he alluded was the expunging reso-
lution, and he asked the Senate to take it up. It
would be laid down again (Mr. B. said) as soon
os the Senator should finish his address.
The resolutions were accordingly taken up for
consideration, when
Mr. HILL addressed the Senate in a speech of
considerable length in support of the resolution;
after which it was laid on the table.
DEPOSITS OF THE PUBLIC   MONEYS.
Mr. CALHOUN then moved to take up the
bill regulating the deposits of the public moneys;
which motion was adopted.
The question before the Senate was the propo-
sition of Mr. Wright to strike out the whole of
the bill, and insert a substitute as an amendment.
Mr.   WRIGHT addressed the Senate  in  a4
speech of considerable length in support of the
amendment, and in opposition to the plan of Mr.
Calhoun.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate ad-
journed.                 ___
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 27, 1836.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the Jour-
nal of yesterday, when
Mr. ADAMS requested that the names of the
members should be repeated upon the several
votes on Mr. Pinckmev's resolutions; which was
•coordingly done.
After the yens and nays upon the adoption of
the first resolution, the Journal stated that several
members (naming them) had asked to be excused
from voting, and that Messrs. Thompson of South
Carolina, and Wise had declined voting.
Mr. ADAMS moved to correct the Journal in
reference to Mr. Wise, by stating that he refused
to vote. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Thompson] had declined voting.
Mr. WISE said that both the gentleman from
South Carolina (not then in his seat) and himself
had positively refused to vote.
The CHAIR said it was not usual, in making
up the Journal, to give the precise language used
by.a member. It would be difficult for the Clerk
to do so; and when it was stated that the gentle-
man from Virginia declined voting, the Chair sup-
posed that the entry was substantially correct.     '
Mr. ADAMS simply desired that the Journal !
should state the facts as they occurred.                 j
Mr. HUNTSMAN contended that it was not |
proper to enter upon the Journal everything that >]
was said by a member.    Were they to do so, it
might lead to the most inconceivable mischief, j
A member might in this way introduce into the '
Journal a few chapters of Vattel, or a speech two
hours in length.   They had assembled there for
a very poor purpose, if everything said by them
was to be spread upon the Journals.  There was ,
a great deal said there, which, for the sake of
those concerned, had better never be repeated.
If the practice and rules of the House did not 1
warrant the amendment proposed, he hoped it
would not prevail.                                                   |
Mr. WISE wished to seethe Journals speak the ¡
truth, and the space which might be occupied in i
fiving the facts, was a matter of no consequence. J
le had gone further than merely declining to !
vote, and had refused to vote.    He desired that
the Journal might be so amended as to read that ¡
he declined and refused to vote.  This was all he
Mr.'ROBERTSON thought the Journal should ,
simply state the facts, but not the reasons upon I
which they wore founded.
Mr. H AMER recollected that on the day before '
yesterday the gentleman from Virginia had posi- ,
tively refused to vote upon the first resolution;
but he did not recollect that he yesterday refused
to answer to his name.
The CHAIR said it was in reference to the
vote on the former day that the question had
arisen.
Mr. WISE had refused to vote yesterday in
stronger terms than those used on the day before.
Mr. PARKS objected to amending the Jour-
nals so far as regarded Mr. Thompson, as he was
not in his seat.
Messrs. WISE and PICKENS affirmed that
Mr. Thompson did refuse to vote.
Mr. LEWIS stated to the Chair that he had
declined voting on cither of the resolutions, for
the reason that he did not think the House had
anything to do with the subject of slavery, any
more than of religion; not wishing, however, to
embarrass the House ordelay its proceedings, he
had not made any objections at the time. He
believed that no petition on the subject ought to
be received, and, of course, no disposition could
be made of them.
The motion to amend the Journal in reference
to Messrs. WisEand Thompson was then agreed
to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the Journal;
but in a short time '
Mr. ADAMS said there was another inaccu-
racy in the Journal. A decision of the Speaker
was given in reference to the failure of members
to vote, without previously giving the reasons
which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Glas-
cock] had reduced to writing, and sent to the
Chair, and upon which the Chair had made his
decision. The Journal therefore would, unless
amended, not state the truth, as thfcre would
appear nothing upon which the decision was
based. He therefore moved to amend the Jour-
nal, so as to embrace what he had stated, and
reduced his amendment to writing.
The CHAIR had, upon the reading of the
Journal yesterday, stated the question before the
House, and had decided the point which arose
the day before upon the failure of Several gentle-
men to vote. His decision was not based upon
any paper presented by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, nor had he received any such paper. After
the resolutions were adopted, the gentleman from
Georgia had moved to have his reasons for not
voting entered on the Journal.
Mr. GLASCOCK had yesterday morning, in
compliance with the request of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] made the day be-
fore, reduced to writing his reasons for asking to
be excused from votin?; and when the question
was announced yesterday, in order to avoid
further difficulty, he rose and stated he was pre-
pared to offer this paper.
Mr. ADAMS said the statement of the gentle-
man was substantially correct.
After some conversation between the CHAIR
and Messrs. ADAMS and GLASCOCK, the
latter stated that he had proposed to offer the
written paper, after the Speaker had commenced
giving the decision referred to; but that it was
not sent to the Chair, and the latter proceeded
with the decision which he was delivering at the
time.
Mr. Adams's proposition to amend the Journal
was then modified, according to the recollections
of Mr. Glascock, in substance, " that whilst the
Speaker was delivering his opinion, Mr. G. offered
to present a paper containing his reasons," &c.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped the amendment would
not be made. If every proposition which was
discussed, or offered to be presented there, was to
go on the Journal, it would be extended to a most
unwarrantable length. He moved to lay the res-
olution to amend on the table.
Mr. ADAMS said the gentleman would save
much time and trouble by withdrawing this mo-
tion.
Mr. LEE,of New York, called the gentleman to
order, on the ground that it was not competent
to debate the motion.
Mr. ADAMS. This is a motion that to speak
the truth upon the Journal shall be laid upon the
table.
Mr. HUNTSMAN suggested to the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Speight] to with-
draw his motion, and let them reject the proposi-
tion to amend.
Mr. SPEIGHT then withdrew the motion to
lay the amendment on the table.
After some further remarks by Messrs. SUTH-
ERLAND, ADAMS, and REED, in reference
to the precise phraseology of the amendment,
Mr. GLASCOCK remarked that the motion to
correct the Journal was made without his knowl-
edge, and he was indifferent as to the result; but
he felt it his duty, in iustice to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] to state the
facts as they occurred, and were recollected by
him.
Mr. POTTS recollected that the gentleman
from Georgia had proposed to offer a paper when
this question wa9 first taken up yesterday, but,
upon the suggestion of the Chair, had declined
pressing it upon the consideration of the House.
The question was then put upon the motion to
amend; but before the decision was announced,
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The hour of eleven having arrived, Mr. MANN,
of New York, called for the orders of the day.
The CHAIR said the reading of the Journal
must first be completed.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD desired to know dis-
tinctly whether the decision of the Chair which
had been referred to was consequent upon the
paper, or the offer to present the paper, drawn
up by the gentleman from Georgia ?
The CHAIR and Mr. GLASCOCK simulta-
neously replied that it was not.
Mr. HAMERsaid itwas evident that the mere
offer to present the paper whilst the Chair was
delivering an opinion, was an interruption not
necessary to be noticed on the Journal.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said the facts of the case
were now settled by the recollections of his col-
league, [Mr. Potts.] The request to present the
paper had been waived. He must, therefore,
vote against the amendment.
Mr. GLASCOCK might have withdrawn his
request. His recollection did not serve lura as to
the fact.
