1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
Mr REED was well convinced, that the lower
the n'ts of j>istiTo wen , the git ittr would be
t'n nnn.uc IK wasiitavoi of tie motion to
reduce t'ie Mini to tut it\ iivt cents is tliemaM-
muni, and was discos tl to go sill further than
that, in some of t'n  ot'ici Kites,
Mr. MA.NN", of .Vh York, then sent to the
Clerk's tabU a It tur f om tin Postmaster Gen-
eral to the Coi ímitlce on the Post OtFiu , on the
gjbject ot reducing tne rate of posta¿t , which
was read. The stction hid been drafttd in con-
formity with the Mens of that ktter.
Mr. DENNY thought the committee had con-
sulted more the convenience of the Department,
its otRcers and cleiks, ilnn the convenience of
the ntople. The effect of retaimiig the amount
of thirty cents for all letters ovu tight hundred
miles would be to catire a gnat reduction of the
revenue, inasmuch at> mei chants \\ ould forward
tneir Utters bv puvate conveyances. He was
convinced this would be the.cise on the lines of
ill > large navigable livers, paiticularry between
New Orleans and the cities of the West.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, was opposed
to t le whole section, and as soon as his amend-
ment was disposed of he should move still further
reductions, and if they were rejected, he should
move to strike out the w hole section, for he pre-
ferred the old taritT to the pioposition of the com-
raiuee. As for the reduction from six and a
fourth to five cents, and from twelve and a half
to en cents, it was no reduction at all to the peo-
ple of the West, for they had «either cents nor
ten cent pieces, or very few.
Mr. VINTON was totally opposed to all the
section except that of reducing the postage from
six and a fourth to five cents. He wished to carry
the graduation of reduction still further, and at
the piopertime he should move an amendment
accordingly, making fifteen per cent, on the old
rate of oostage. This would increase instead of
reduce the revenue.
Mr.CAMBRELENG concurred with the gen-
tleman, that the mere circumstance of reducing
the tariff wou d not reduce the revenue; but he
did not agree with the gentleman in his proposed
reduction. Mi.C.said he should himself propose
a uilferent scale of reduction at a proper time;
which he read.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, disap-
proved of th° proposition of the committee, and
Lhould prefer that of the gentleman from New
York. He urged the gentleman from Louisiana
not to press his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, then withdrew
it, and
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved the following as
the tariff of rates of postage:
Retain the first clause of the section, and strike
out all after the seventh to the fifteenth line of the
section i iclusive,and insert " over fifty miles and
not exceeding one hundred and fifty, ten cents;
over one hundred and fifty miles and not exceed-
ing four hundred, fifteen cents; over four hun-
dred miles and not exceeding eight hundred,
twenty cents; over eight hundred miles, twenty-
five cents.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, entirely
approved of these rates, and hoped they would
be adopted by the House.
Mr. TOUCEY w as more in favor of the
propo-
sition of the committee, with the single exception
of the rate of thirty cents over eight hundred
miles, than he was of that of the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. HUNTSMAN advocated the reduction of
the tariff to the lowest possible rates, and was
opposed to the section as it stood in Abe bill.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, was in favor
of tls reduction from thirty to twenty-five cents,
but he did not think, after all the proposed addi-
tional routes were put into operation, that there
would remain so great a surplus as gentlemen
seemed to flatter themselves there would be. He
entered into a variety of details, showing the
great advantages that would devolve upon the
community inconsequence of the proposed reduc-
tions by the committee.
Mr. HALL,of Vermont, supported the original
.•latís  . He had no hesitation in averring that, if
the proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
khould  be adopted, the Pot t Office Department
would be upon the Treasury, in less than a year
from this time. He had nopaiticular objection to
change tin idtis fiom thirty to twenty five cents
for single letters over eight hundred miles, but he
earnestly hoped that evciy other pomon of the
clause would be retained.
Mr. HAWES should vote against the amend-
ment—against the proposition of the committee—
against every other proposition in relation to the
subject of the rates of postage, because he pre-
ferred the old plan. With regard to the reduction
fiom six and a quarter to five cents, it would be
no reduction at all to the people of the West, but
would benefit the postmasters only, inasmuch as
five and ten-cent pieces were rarely or never seen
in circulation.
The proposed amendment was further dis-
cussed by Messrs ANTHONY and CAMBRE-
LENG, whcfi the latter gentleman withdrew his
amendment, and
Mr. LAWRENCE renewed it;
And the amendment was further discussed by
that gentleman, Messrs. ADAMS, McKEON,
MANN of New York, REED, UNDERWOOD,
BRIGGS, VANDERPOEL, MONTGOMERY,
P. C. FULLER, CONNOR, and HAWES.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment originally moved by Mr. Cambreleng, sub-
sequently renewed by Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana;
and it was decided in the afirmative—yeas 90,
nays 85.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. MANN, of New York, expressed thehope
that the House would now non-concur with the
Committee of the Whole in the whole amend-
ment; for he was convinced the Department could
not get along with the amendment just adopted.
He remarked that, at the next session, it was
proposed to take up the subject of postage on
newspapers, periodicals, and pamphlets, when
the subject of rates of postage on letters might
also be acted on.
The amendment was further discussed by
Messis WILLIAMS of North Carolina, MIL-
LER, BRIGGS, FRENCH, LANE, WHIT-
TLESEY of Ohio, and CONNOR.
Mr. MANN moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to move that this bill and the post
route bill, be the special order of the day for Mon-
day next, at eleven o 'clock, and each succeeding
day until they be disposed of, which was agreed
to.
Mr. MANN then submitted his motion.
Mr. VINTON moved twelve o'clock; which
was lost.
The motion of Mr. MANN was then agreed to.
Mr. MARTIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of Mr. Johnson, of
Louisiana, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting a statement of the net proceeds received
at the different post offices of the United States
for the year 1835; which was laid on the table,
and five thousand extra copies thereof ordered to
be printed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 28, 1836.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented a petition
of sundry citizens of Illinois, praying foi the es-
tablishment of a post route; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, on leave, introduced a
bill giving the assent of the United States to the
revocation of the ordinance exempting lands sold
by the United States in certain States, from tax-
ation for five years, also a bill to provide for the
correction of mistakes in the entry of lands,
which were severally read twice and referred.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom had been refeired the
memorial of Julian Dubuque, reported a bill for
his relief; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.                                                       *
The bill authorizing the appointment of addi-
tional surgeons, was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. BENTON, from the select committee on
the subject of the admission of Michigan into the
Union, reponed a bill supplemental to the act for
the admission of Michigan into the Union; which
was read, and ordeied to a second leading
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READIJNG.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill for the relief of James F. Soutlioron;
The bill for the relief of William A. Gordon;
The bill for the relief of John M. Gamble;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Hertick;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Thornton Tjler, deceased;
The bill to remit the duties on two bells im-
ported for a church in Philadelphia, and
The bill for the relief of Josette Beaubien and
her children.
RESIGNATION OF MR. HILL.
The CHAIR communicated the following
letter of resignation from Hon. Isaac Hill;
which was read:
Washington, May 28,1836.
Sin • Having been elected by the citizens of New Hamp-
shire to tile office of Chief Magistrate ot that State, without
waning a formal official communication of the canvasd, and
it being expedient that I should enter on the discharge of the
duues of the new office during the ensuing week, I com-
municate to you, and through you to the Seriate, informa-
tion that, on Monday next, I shall resign my seat in the
Senate
With the be«t wishes of happiness to yourself, an,d to the
Senators with whom 1 have been associated,
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,
ISAAC HILL
Hon  Marti* Vait BtttN, Vice President of the United
States.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to regulate
the deposits of the public moneys.
Mr. WRIGHT made a few observations in
continuation of his speech of yesterday.
Mr. CALHOUN addressed the Senate at length,
in favor of the bill as amended by him.
Mr. BUCHANAN followed Mr. Calhoun in
a speech of some length, in the course of which
he avowed his preference for the amendment of
Mr. Wright; after which,
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satcrdat, Mag 28, 1836.
Mr. McKIM presented, by leave, the memorial
of the Boaid of Trade of the city of Baltimoie,
praying that the custom-house officei s of that port
may be placed on an equal footing with those in
other poits.
ADMISSION OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. HAMER and the Chair presented me-
morials of ceitain citizens of Ohio and Michi-
gan, on the subject of the boundary line and the
admission of the latter into the Union. The
memorial presented by the former was laid on the
table; and a motion having been made to lay the
papers presented by the Speaker on the table,
Mr. ADAMS moved that the bills in relation
to the northern boundary of the State of Ohio,
and for the admission of Michigan into the Union,
together with all memorials in relation to the
same, be referred to a select committee.
The subject, under the rule, was ordered to he
over one day.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a resolution referring
the papers, &c, in the case of Mervin P. Mix, to
the Secretary of the Navy, for the purpose of
carrying into effect an act o£ Congress passed
heretofore; which was agreed to.
Mr. PHILO C. FULLER, from the Committee
of Claims, reported the following bills, which
were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Richard Fnsby; and
A bill for the relief of John P. Hustin and Ed-
ward N. Taller.
Mr HOWARD, from the Committee on for-
eign Affairs, reported the following resolution-
R«n!.,i, Thai tli*  House  will   on P.iur.liy n.-xi, ..t
