510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
eleven o'clock, proceed to the consideration of bill No. 611,
entitled "A billanticipitirr?tliepnytneiitoftheiiidemnities   ,
ace-iun* to citizens of the United States tinder the conven-   i
tion with Fram-  ! the 4:h July. 1831, and tliat of the two
Sieilie  of lAtolii-r 11, lb3>," and that it shall take prece
deuce at Mic'i hou. <>. all t'ic other business of the flou^e.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. HOWARD asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion; which were not ordered, and the
resolution was laid on the table.
Unfavorable reports were made by Mr. WHIT-
TLESEY, of Ohio, from the Committee of
Claims; and
By Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ROAD FROM DETROIT TO GRAND RIVER.
On motion of Mr. HAMER, (by consent,) it
was
Resolved. That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediencyof authorizing the
Secretary of War so to change t.ie location of the rout's of
the United States road from Detroit to the mouth of Grand
river of Lake Michigan, that said road may bs constructed
to pass through the head of steamboat navigation, and other
important points, for the accommodation of the travel on
said river.                                                                   i
REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
On motion of Mr. WARDWELL, the Com-
mittee of the Whole was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill extending the
provisions of the act entitled " An act supple-
mentary to the act for the relief of certain sur-
viving officers and soldiers of the revolution;"
and the same was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to take up the
motion heretofore submitted by him for printing
in extra number of copies of the annual report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on commerce
 nd navigation.
Objection being made, Mr. C. moved to sus-
pend the rules; which was agreed to—ayes 100,
noes not counted.
Mr. C. then modified his motion, so as that ten
thousand extra copies (which he stated to be the
usual number) be printed.
Mr. HEISTER moved to amend by striking
jut ten thousand and inserting five thousand.
After a few remarks by Messrs. CAMBRE-
LENG, HEISTER, ROBERTSON, ADAMS,
«id ANTHONY,
Mr. GIDEON LEE said, that he was unwill-
ing to consume a moment of time unnecessarily;
but his information on thissubjectdiffered so very
widely from the views taken by some other gen-
tlemen, that he felt constrained to beg the atten-
tion of the House for a few minutes. This
document was by far the most important paper
emanating from this Government, and was more
earnestly sought for, as well in Europe as in
America, saving only the messages of the Presi-
dent. Not only was it required by every mer-
chant and trader, as stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, but was no less required by every
farmer, planter, and manufacturer. This paper
recorded truly and faithfully the commercial trans-
actions of this great nation, detailing, i tern by item,
the quantity and value of our annual imports and
exports—the poundsof cotton,tobacco, nee, corn,
flour,—the manufactures, the total produce of the
fields, the forest, the ocean, the mines, the shops,
amounting to two hundred and eighty millions of
dollars. Every man of every trade and profes-
sion should have it. Ten thousand copies were
usually printed, and he was informed by the
officers of this House, who have charge of the
documents, that this number had fallen far short
of the pressing demands. He hoped the greatest
number of copies moved would be printed. The
great item of cost was in setting up the types of
this tabular printing—this was already incurred.
The subsequent copies would cost less than one
third of those now ordered. He hoped the House
would order the highest number moved.
After some remarks from Mr. PHILLIPS,
Mr. MILLER moved the previous question;
which was sustained by the House; and the mo-
tion to print ten thousand extra copies of the doc-
ument referred to, was agreed to without a count.
Mr. OWENS made an ineffectual attempt to
call up the resolution heretofore reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, fixing on a day
for the consideration of the bill in relation to the
public deposits.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, called for the
orders of the day.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he had understood
that the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs [Mr. Bell] had intended this morning to
report the Indian bill which was sent to the Sen-
ate near two months ago, and had been returned
to the House with various amendments. He rose
for the purpose of inquiring whether the report
would be made, and if it should be, he hoped the
House would act upon the bill promptly, as it
was very important to the public service that these
appropriations should be finally acted upon.
Mr. BELL had not reported, because certain
documents from the *War Department had not
been communicated, but were expected in a few
days. He would, however, ask leave to report
at that time, and that the bill be made the special
order for to-day.
Objection being made, the rules were suspended
for the purpose ofenabling the gentleman from
Tennessee to report the bill—ayes 144, nays 30.
INDIAN  APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, then reported the bill which originated in
the House, making appropriations for the current
expenses of the Indian department, for Indian
annuities and other similar objects, for the year
1836, with amendments to a portion of the amend-
ments of the Senate, and recommending the
House to non-concur in other amendments of
that body; the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. B. moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of moving to go into committee on the fore-
going bill; which was negatived without a count.
The bill and amendments were then ordered to
be printed.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to authorize a compromise, and secure to the
¡ United States the title to the Pea Patch Island,
in the river Delaware.
' The question being on the passage of the bill,
it was opposed by Messrs. MILLIGAN and
INGERSOLL, and advocated byMr.PEARCE,
of Rhode Island, when
Mr. LANE remarked that much time had been
spent in investigating this  subject, and it was
Crobable that the debate would, if not arrested,
e continued for some time to come. As the facts
were all before the House, and as every member
was doubtless prepared to vote on the bill, he
moved the previous question.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a call of the
House, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and were—yeas 83, nays 14.
A motion was then made that the House ad-
journ; which was carried—ayes 51, noes 48; and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 30,1836*.                     ¡
Mr. NAUDAIN presented the petition of one j
hundred and twenty of the most respectable citi-
zens of the State oí Delaware, praying that the j
i pension heretofore allowed to the late Governor, I
¡ Caleb P. Bennett, for his services in the revolu- '
j tionary war, may be continued to his widow.       |
I     Mr. N. said: Mr. President, in presenting this !
1 petition, I cannot refrain from saying that this
| presents no ordinary case for the consideration
i of the Senate.
The late Governor Bennett entered the army
of the Revolution in the year 1776, as an ensign
in the Delaware regiment. He continued in the
service to the end of the war. Brandy wine, Ger-
mantown, Long Island, Monmouth, Camden, and
the well-fought fields of the South, attest the gal-
lantry of the distinguished corps to which he be-
longed. Of t!tat corps he was the last surviving
officer; and, I believe, the last individual. Yes,
sir—of nearly five thousand men furnished by the
gallant little State I have the honor partly to rep-
resent on this floor, to the army of the Revolu-
tion, all have been gathered to their fathers; and
not one now remains to enjoy that bounty ex-
tended to them by their grateful country, to cheer
their declining years.
Among those who received this bounty, nore
can be found more worthy than Bennett; none
received it with more gratitude; for it enabled
him the better to provide for his aged wife and
orphan grandchildren, and their comfort was
dear to him as " the apple of his eye." He has
been taken from them, and his widow, aged and
infirm, and his portionless grandchildren, are
thrown upon the cold charity of the world with-
out any means of support.
Would it not, Mr. President, comport with the
honor, the dignity, nay, even with the interest of
the Government to provide for his widow, (for
her who was the wife of his youth, the companion
of his manhood, the nurse of his sickness and
infirmities, and the solace of his latter days,) who
devoted his best days to your service in the time
of your greatest peril ? Sir, it is the result of the
services and sacrifices of such men that we are
now enjoying the privileges of an independent
nation. To them we owe all our political liberties.
It isby the blcssingof Providence upon theirlabors
that we are this day deliberating upon the high
destinies of this people. And in these " high and
palmy" days of the Republic, when our Treasury
is overflowing with money, the fruits of their
! services and privations, shall we refuse to snatch
from poverty and distress the relict of one of those
gallant men to whom we owe everything? Jus-
tice and gratitude forbid.
I Sir, let the poor old widow of your timeworn
revolutionary officer enjoy for the brief residue
of her days the pension you had extended to her
husband, and the blessings of those ready to
' perish will follow us for good, and call down the
approbation of that God who delighteth in charity
upon us and our children.
The petition was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
; Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
! strueted to inquire into the propriety of making provision
for the payment of the heirs of George Galpin of the claim
which was stipulated tobe paid in the 2j.Ii article of the
treaty of New Echota, of the 29th of December, 1835, with
the Cherokee Indians.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads consider the expediency of e.-tabhshing a po-C
road between Landisfield and Sheffield, in Uerkshire coun-
ty, Massachusetts.
REP IRTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported, without amendment, a bill from
the House for the relief of Thaddeus Ttittle.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported, without amendment, the bills
from the House for the relief of John Smith and
James Steele.
BILLS READ A SECOND TIME.
The following bills were severally rend the sec-
[ ond time, and considered as in Commitee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
rending:
The bill for the relief of John Almond and
George Wood;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Silence
Elliott, deceased;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Parker, deceased;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of the late Patrick McGibbons;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Colonel David Hopkins;
The bill to remove the land office from Clinton
to Jackson, in the State of Mississippi; and
The bill for the relief of Antonio Seguirá and
others.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Nathaniel Shaver, deceased, was rejected
—yeas 16, nays 17.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed:
The bill to provide for the payment of certain
pensions in the States of Virginia and Ohio;
