1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
The bill for the relief of John M. Gamble;
'1 ht> bill lo refund  t íe  dutv  on two bills lm- "
por ed for---------Church, Philadelphia;
1 he bill for the relit fot William  V  Gordon;
T.it b 11 lor the rel.et ot Jamt s F Sothoron,
Tin bill tor the relief of Joseph Hertiek,
The lullforthertlitfof the It gal representatives
of Thornton Taylor, deceased,
The bill tor the relief of Josette Beaubion and
her children.
DEPOSITS OF THE PUBLIC MONEYS.
The oil! to re;ulite the deposits of the public
moneys «as tiken up as the order of the day.
Mr' EWING, who had the floor, addressed
the isenate in a speech ot considerable length, in
support of the partuulir \ie\\s he entertained on
the subject The bill hail a bearing on two dis-
tinct matters, both of which were, to his mind,
ot en at importance The first related to the de-
po ". and safe-keeping of such amount of the
public moneys as was proposed, alter its collec-
tion, to be retained in the Treasury, and the other
related to the disposal of the surplus in the Treas-
ury oyer and above that sum. For the disposi-
tion of the last, two distinct propositions had
been made; one bv the Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Calhops,] to loan it out without in-
terest; and for a certain period, on certain condi-
tions, to the several States composing the Union;
and the other by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Wright,] lo invest it in stocks on the credit
of some of the ¡3 ates of the Union.
The first proposition in the bill providing for
tbe safe-keeping of the public money, bv adopt-
ing some arrangements that would be satisfactory
to both Houses, he had great hopes would be
determined on, and become a law before the close
of the session; for from what he had observed of
the «pint of the Senate during the last week, he
thought some satisfactory measure would be
adopted; and he, for one, would do all in his
power to bring about theadopuon of some meas-
ure satisfactory to Congress and the nation. He
had not, however, the same confidence that any-
thing would be done as to the disposition of the
surotiM In looking to the two propositions re-
lating to this ob|ect, he thought lie could ingraft
amendments on the one of the Senator from New
York, which would render it more conformable
to his views than the original bill of the Senator
from South Carohna, under any modifications
that could be made to it. One great objection
which he had to the plan of the Senator from
South Carolina was, that it legalized the present
disposition of the public funds, and though the
■ame objection applied to the plan of the Senator
from New York, yet the objection was not so
•trong, and could be removed by striking out a
particular section of the amendment. His view
was, that they should not consider the public
funds as rightfully placed anywhere, except un-
der the control of law, and that they should take
up the subject dt novo, and pass a law declaring
where they should be placed, in the same man-
ner as if they had never been taken from the cus-
tody of the law
T ne measure for the deposit and safe-keeping
of the public money could be earned into effect
immediately, but the other measure for the dis-
position of the surplus would require much time
to be put into operation. If they adopted the
proposition of the Senator from South Carolina,
they wouid have to wait for the meetings of the
State Legislatures to give their assent to it; and if
they adopted the plan of the Senator from New
York, much time would be required to enable the
commissioners to purchase stocks.
He was satisfied, considering the amount of
the public money in deposit, that the places of
deposit were too few.    In looking over the state-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury he found
that the deposits in all of the banks were equal
to the whole amount of their capital stock; and |
that where the largest masses were deposited the
deposits were sometimes double and sometimes
three times that amount.    The effect of this was,
that the banks which received large masses of
deposits must make an underhand use of them, I
or it t them remain idle, because they are not per- I
milled by their charters to discount more than .
• certain amount beyond their capital.   They also I
accumulated in their vaults the no tea of neighbor- I
ingjpinks, whose issues and accommodations to '
the public were by this means restrained; and,
therefore, jealousies and distrusts naturally arose.
The banks whose notes are thus held up by the
deposit banks, feeling themselvts in their posver,
fear to discount, and the public therefore suffered
by it. To remedy the evils growing out of this
state of things, he would suggest to the Senator
from New York to modify his amendment by
providing that the deposits in no bank shall ex-
ceed half the amount of its capital stock actually
paid in. The result of this amendment would be,
that it would be necessary to select other deposit
banks, wh o would recen e from the present deposit
banks the notes that are now held up in ttrrorem
against them, and enable them to go on as form-
erly with their ordinary accommodations to the
public. It would also more effectually secure the
safety of the public money, for it was obvious,
that, if a bank failed, it must pay all the demands
against it, before the stockholders got anything,
and thus by having in these banks but an amount
of deposit equal to half their capital, the public
never could be losers, unless in very extraordi-
nary cases, which could be guarded against by
selecting banks under the management of men of
known nonor and respectability. This amend-
ment would also render the banks independent;
they would not, as now, be in the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and liable to be broke
at any moment that he chose to remove the de-
posits from them.
Mr. E. stated his objections to the provision
requiring that, as a security for the public de-
posits, the deposit banks shall have an amount of
specie in their vaults equal to one fourth of their
circulation. This provision, he thought, would
have a very unequal operation, and was not cal-
culated to cflect the object in view. It was sup-
posing that the liabilities of the banks arose from
their circulation only. Mr. E. instanced some
banks whose liabilities for their circulation were
in a «mall proportion to their capital, and men-
tioned other banks, whose liabilities consisted
almost wholly in their circulation. He himself
did not look upon the specie in a bank as a test
of its ability to pay its debts. There ought to be
specie in a bank to some extent lo meet any sud-
den run that might be made on it; but further
than this it was not necessary. If the amendment
which he proposed, limiting the amount of de-
posits in these banks to half the amount of their
capital, should prevail, he thought they need not
be so particular as to the amount of specie they
had.
Mr E., after referring to some other amend-
ments that he intended to propose, proceeded to
consider the proposition^ for the disposition of
the surplus. He considered the plan of the Sen-
ator from New York as less objectionable than
the one of the Senator from South Carolina, though
he was not prepared to express a decided opinion
with regard to either. Mr. E. then went into a
minute examination of the nature of the stocks
proposed to be purchased by the commissioners
of the sinking fund, stating the advantages and
disadvantages of each, with the effect that large
investments in them by the Government would
have, both on the stock market and the money
market, after which he laid on the table, for the
consideration of the Senate, the amendments that
he proposed to submit at a future time.
Mr. WALKER said that the unfavorable
position in which the State of Mississippi would
be placed by the measure proposed by the motion
of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
hovv] compelled him to trespass for a few mo-
ments upon the time of the Senate. The propo-
sition is to loan the surplus to the States, upon
their Legislatures passing laws to return the
money to the General Government in certain in-
stallments upon the call of Congress. Now, (said
Mr. W.,) Mississippi can pass no such law, and
consequently can receive no portion of this gratu-
itous loan, and will not, by this bill, be placed on
an equal footing with her sister States. There
is a general and comprehensive clause in the new
constitution of Mississippi, prohibiting the Legis-
lature from pledging the faith of the State for the
redemption of any loan whatever, except by the
consent, in all cases, of two successive Legisla- I
tures, and then under certain restrictions and
limitations which might prevent the passage of
the law altogether. Mr. W. said, as the session*
of the Legislature in Mississippi are biennial,
another obstacle would be interposed to the adop-
tion of any law of that Slate on this subject
within any convenient period. This bill then
was a proposition to make gratuitous loans, with-
out interest, to all the States except Mississippi.
But Mr. W. said he had other objections to this
bill. It was a dangerous and untried cxpeu-
ment. It would greatly complicate and embar-
rass the relations between the States and the Gen-
eral Government. It would make all the States
the debtor of the General Government and create
a new and strong pecuniary interest in fa\ or of
a dissolution of the Union, as a means cf absolv-
ing themselves from the heavy debts they may
incur to the General Government under this law.
The relation of debtor and creditor was not gen-
erally one of long continued friendship. It was
an old, but true remark, if you wish to make a
friend your enemy, loan him money beyond his
means of convenient payment. The remark will
apply with full force to the States and the Geneial
Government. If we wish to embroil ourselves
with the States," and make them the enemies of
this Government, let us loan them money, as
proposed by this bill, far beyond their means of
convenient payment. It is admitted that the
States will expend this money, and when we call
upon them for payment will it be made' Sup-
pose a minority of States refuse payment, or that
a single State refuses, how will we collect the
money' A suit is impracticable. Will we then
collect it by foice, or leave it uncollected, to the
injury of all the States that make payment' But
if the General Government must loan the money,
and the States must make good the loan, how
will they do it' Will the State Legislatuies daie
to impose a dnect tax upon the people of each
State to refund these uncounted millions' No,
they will instruct their representatives in Con-
gress to collect the money required by the Gene-
ral Government by increasing the tanff and the
price of the public lands. If the loan be not a
gift in disguise, an increase of the tariff and the
price of the public lands is the inevitable result
of this measure. If it be a gift m disguise, it is
a distribution of the surplus revenue, which the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] has
denounced as a gross violation of the Constitu-
tion. And, (said Mr. W.,) if Mississippi could
really receive her portion, the íatio would be most
unjust. By this bill the State of Mississippi
would receive no more than Rhode Island,
although, taking the votes given m Mississippi
at the last election aa a criterion of hei increase
since the last census,she must now contain three
times the population of Rhode Island The meas-
ure would then be unequal and unjust—doubly
so when it was considered that Mississippi,
through the collections from the land office and
other sources, paid into the public Tieasury ten
times the amount paid by Rhode Island.
Mr. W. said the amount deposited in the
deposit bank was large, but from ten to six-
te-en millions had been repeatedly in deposit in
the Bank of the United States. Then it was
thought all right and proper by that institution,
and she viewed a restoration of the deposits to
the bank as indispensable to the salvation of the
country, but now we are told that the country is
to be ruined because a large amount is deposited
in State banks. Mr. W. believed there was in-
finitely more danger to liberty from accumulating
this money in a single bank than from depositing
it in various State institutions. The evil was
this, that we never should have collected this
vast amount from the people; and we should
now, and at once, reduce our collections by re-
ducing the price of the pubho lands and all other
taxes. Reduce your revenue and taxes, and
loans or distribution are unnecessary. Mr. W.
said the Senator from South Carohna [Mr. Cal-
houn] had fixed the surplus revenue this year at
about twenty-six millions of dollars. Mr. W.
would not pretend to say whether the Senator
was correct in the list of items by which he made
up this amount; but, if he were, there might be
other items that would greatly reduce this sum.
If the B^nk of the United States, as from pres-
