512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30.
ent symptoms seemed probable, should have the
audacity to retain the stock of the Government in
that bank to pay her pretended infraction of her
charter by the Government, then seven millions
must be stricken off the twenty-six millions, which
would reduce the amount to nineteen millions; the
war, another source of expenditure, yet remain-
ing. "When the Creek and Seminole war terminate
this summer, it will be a solemn duty which we
owe to the people of Florida and Alabama to
remove these Indians at once, whatever the ex-
pense may be, beyond the limits of Alabama and
Florida. Protecting the people of Alabama, Geor-
gia, and Florida, from a renewal of these inhuman
massacres would be much better than loaning
money.    The  number of Indians in Alabama
and Florida was about thirty thousand, and we
must remove them beyond the reach of white
settlements—peaceably if we can, forcibly if we
must; and the expense of removal in this man-
ner will be enormous. We have now in Alabama
and Florida a surplus only of blood and mistry;
and we must guard, at any expense, against a
repetition of these inhuman massacres by those
" poor Indians," with whom a certain party once
so deeply sympathized, and whom they would
retain within the settled States and Territories of
the Union, there to commit these terrible atrocities
upon every age and sex, and to give over the
bodies of the dead to the wolves and vultures of
the wilderness. No, (said Mr. W.,) these scenes
must not be repeated—no party can or does de-
sire it.   This Indian removal must be instanta-
neous, forcible; and the expense will still further
greatly reduce our surplus revenue. To the prop-
osition of the Senator from New York, he had
some objection.    If he voted for it, it would be
because no other alternative was left;  but he
hoped that no transfers of moneys from any de-
posit banks would be permitted to distant banks,
except for necessary disbursements in other quar-
ters.    His confidence in the wisdom and integ-
rity of the Secretary of the Treasury was very
great.    He was a most honest and able function-
ary; but this was a power which he could not
desire to retain, and justice required  that the
money in the deposit banks at the points where
it was collected should never be drawn from those
institutions to be placed in other and distant de-
posit banks, except when needed  for the dis-
bursements of the Government.    Mr. W. was
not satisfied with any of the propositions before
the Senate in their present form; he hoped, how-
ever, that the bill would be referred, and some
wise and judicious measure would yet be devised;
it was due to ourselves and the country; and, in
sustaining such a measure, he would cooperate
to the full extent of his humble abilities.  Let us
not, however, convert the General Government
into a money lender to the States, with or with-
out interest.   If we do, we will effect & radical
change in the relations between the States and
the General Government—a change full of com-
plications and difficulty, and threatening the re-
pose, if not the very existence, of the Union.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill was
then laid on the table, to be taken up at one
o'clock to-morrow, and,
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
after which it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondat, May 30, 1836.
Mr. HEISTER moved to take up the resolu-
tion from the Senate fixing a day for the adjourn-
ment of Congress.
Objection being made, Mr. H. moved to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. CRAIG moved to amend the motion, so
as to suspend the rules for the further purpose of
taking up and disposing of the resolution reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, fixin  a
day for the consideration of the deposit bill. He
was unwilling to fix a day for the adjournment
until the bills to which he had referred were acted
on.
Mr. McKIM moved a call of the House; which
vas lost.
Mr. HOWELL moved to lay the motion to
suspend the rule , together with the amendment,
on the table.                                                  ^,
Mr. HEISTER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered; and the motion of Mr.
Howell prevailed—ayes 81, noes 56.
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Mr. STORER asked the consent of the House
to present a memorial adopted at a meeting of the
citizens of his district, praying Congress to recog-
nize the independence of Texas.
Objection being made, Mr. S. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, and asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. HARPER moved to amend the motion so
as to suspend the rules for the additional purpose
of allowing him to present similar memorials
from citizens of the county and city of Philadel-
phia.
Mr. PARKS moved to lay the motion to sus-
pend the rules on the table.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, asked for
the yeas and nays on this motion; which were
ordered.
Mr. PARKS then withdrew his motion; when
Mr. MANN, of New York, renewed it, and
asked for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The motion to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose stated, was then laid on the table—yeas 116,
nays 52.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked the con-
sent of the House to permit him to present several
petitions.
Mr. ADAMS objected, and gave notice that he
would not consent to the presentation of any pe-
tition out of the usual order, as he had various
petitions which he wished to offer.
Mr. CRAIG- moved to suspend the rules until
one o'clock, for the purpose of considering a res-
1 olution reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, fixing a day for taking up and disposing
of the bill regulating the deposits of the public
moneys in certain local banks.
Mr. OWENS asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion; which were ordered.
i     Pending the call for the yeas and nays, Mr.
PATTON rose, asked to be excused from voting,
and demanded that the question upon excusing
( him be then taken.
Mr. HAMER hoped the call would proceed,
as the question raised by the gentleman was de-
cided on a recent occasion.
After some conversation between the CHAIR
and Mr. PATTON, the former directed the Clerk
to proceed in the call of the yeas and nays.
When the same was concluded, and before the
decision of the question was announced,
Mr. PATTON desired to know if the Speaker
adhered to the decision made the other day, that
the vote of the House should be announced be-
fore taking the question on excusing a member?
The CHAIR said the result of the vote just
taken could not be changed by the vote of the
gentlemen on either side.
Mr. PATTON desired a decision of the Chair
on the question which he had made. He could
not consent that it should be dodged, and that
himself and others should be denounced as fac-
tious spirits, because they gave a vote on a former
occasion which the House would not, and did not,
discuss.
The CHAIR reiterated substantially the decis-
ion made on a former day.
Mr. PATTON appealed from the decision of
the Chair. He had no difficulty in reference to
voting on the question upon which the yeas and
nays had been taken. He had asked to be ex-
cused for the purpose of again bringing up this
point of order, and with a view of vindicating his
own course and motives from the most recklessly
false and slanderous imputations made upon him
in the paper of the official printers to that body,
who were enable to issue their daily modicum of
slander and abuse by means of the public treasure
poured into their laps by that House.
Mr. P. went on to discuss the point of order at
length, and, in the course of his remarks, again
animadverted with severity upon an editorial ar-
ticle in the Globe, in reference to a similar appeal
on a former day.
The SPEAKER briefly addressed the House
in explanation, and in support of his decision.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, then ob-
tained the floor, and made a few remarks, princi-
pally in reference to the anide in the Globe re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Virginia, which
he condemned in decided terms.
Mr. LANEsaid, as the gentleman fromVirginia
[Mr. Patton] had no difficulty in voting on the
question to suspend the rules, and as he merely
desired to bring up the same question which was
decided the other day, it could not be productive
of any good to continue the discussion upon the
appeal; he therefore moved that it be laid on the
table.
Mr. ADAMS appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw his motion, as, from reasons personal
to himself, he desired to make a few remarks upon
the appeal.
Mr. LANE declined withdrawing his motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and
the Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
When the name of Mr. Jenifer was called, he
declined voting, and asked to be excused.
The roll bei g called through, th-j SPEAKER
said that, under the decision of the House the
other day, he would announce the vote upon the
motion to lay the appeal on the table; and the
question of excusing the gentleman from Mary-
land from voting might be determined whenever
the House thought proper to act upon it.
Mr. WISE appealed from this decision of the
Chair, and was proceeding to discuss the appeal,
when
Mr. HAMER rose to a point of order, in sub-
stance " that two questions of order could not be
pending at the same time."
The CHAIR said that, on taking the yeas and
nays upon a motion to lay an appeal upon the
table, arising on a request of one member to be
excused from voting, another member had de-
clined voting, and asked to be excused. An ap-
peal in the latter case had also been taken from
the decision of the Chair. He was not prepared
to say that this was, strictly speaking, piling
one question of order upon another.
Mr. WISE resumed his remarks on the appeal,
and animadverted upon the article in the Globe,
heretofore referred to. In regard to his refusing
to vote upon the first resolution reported by Mr.
Pincknev, Mr.W. said he would have suffered
martyrdom before he would have voted on that
occasion—that he could not have been compelled
to do so by the power intrusted to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, and that he would have defied the power
of a standing army to have changed his settled
determination.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, spoke in op-
position to the decision of the Chair, and con-
demned the unwarrantable classification of his
name in the article in the Globe. He noticed this,
because the fact of the editors of the Globe being
the printers of the House gave that paper an au-
thority it was not otherwise entitled to. On the
subject of the presidency, no man living knew
his preference, but he indignantly repelled the
charge made against him in the Globe of being
an anarchist and revolutionist. He should, when
the time arrived, vote for whom he pleased, and
should not suffer himself to be driven from what
he considered right by the abuse and slang of a
newspaper. He had done nothing during the
present session in the slightest degree to retard
or obstruct the business of the House, nor had
he raised a single point of order. On the aboli-
tion memorials he had, until the formation of the
select committee, in every instance voted to lay
them on the table. Nor had he once refused to
vote, or dodged any question. On several occa-
sions he had sustained the decisions of the Chair,
and should continue to do so whenever he
thought them right. For that gentleman he had
voted, and his reason? were conscientious and
satisfactory to himself for preferring him as the
presiding officer of the House. The editor of
the Globe had no right to denounce him as *
"factious spirit or anarehist," nor to classify him
with " White men and Nulhfiers."
Mr. HARD called for the orders of the day.
The CHAIR decided that the question took
precedence, and must first be settled.
Mr. SPEIGHT remarked that it was the mis-
fortune of members of" Congress to be visited by
