514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
acter. In most of the States, their discounts were
bo limited that they could not loan more than a |
certain amount beyond their capital, and they
were, therefore, unable to employ such large sums
in a lawful wav. He supposed that it was the
wish of all that the public treasures remaining
in deposit should be subject to a reasonable dis-
count; and for this reason the number of the de-
posit banks ought to be increased. He thought
that the independence and stability of the banks,
as well as the security of the public funds, would
be promoted by this amendment. He agreed
also with gentlemen that banks ought to pay in-
terest on the public money in their custody, and
thought that the interest should not be less than
two per cent. Many of the best banks would
a°ree to pay more. Then with respect to the
amount of specie it was proposed to require these
banks to retain, he thought the provision on
this subject a useful one; not because the banks
would thereby be rendered more competent to
pay their debts, but because our paper system
had expanded to a very dangerous extent, and
there was some security in retaining a certain
amount of specie in the country, and it would
bear on the steadiness of interest and on the value
of property.
It would be proper, also, that there should be
some restraint on the transfers of public money
from one bank to another, except when wanted
for the disbursements of the Government. He
thought that an intelligent and practical head of
the Treasury would prefer such a restraint, as it
would relieve him from a great deal of embarrass-
ment that he would otherwise be subject to.
Whether it would be better to provide that no
change of banks should be made without the
sanction of Congress, would be for the con-
sideration of those who had the management
of this bill. Mr. W. said he had no doubt that,
if they passed the bill, modified as above men-
tioned, and stopped there, they would do much
good, and go a great way towards relieving the
country from its present embarrassments, because
he believed among the greatest of evils was the
uncertainty as to what Congress would do in re-
lation to the deposits of the public moneys. Here
were propositions to distribute the surplus, and
to restrain the desposit banks, not yet definitively
acted on by Congress; and the belief that Con-
gress would do something, with the uncertainty
of what it would be, placed these banks under
great embarrassments, with an inability to use
the funds in their charge, because they knew not
how soon they may be called on to replace them.
After having said this much,he felt bound to say
that the whole system was one out of which per-
fectly convenient operations can never be produced.
These banks never were fitted for the great oper-
ations of the Government, or to have the charge
of such large masses of money, and never, by
any regulations, however well devised, or by any
Administration, however faithful, be made to
answer the purposes intended for them.
Mr. W. then proceeded to consider the second
branch of the subject comprehended in the bill—
the disposition of the surplus remaining on hand
at the end of the year; and first, as a necessary
preliminary inquiry, went into an examination
of what the surplus would probably be.    After
making a minute and elaborate estimate of the
various sources  from which to make up this
amount, and deducting the appropriations for the
current expenses of the Army and Navy fortifi-
cations, Indian treaties, &c, he arrived at the
conclusion that the surplus at the end of the year
would not be less than forty millions of dollars.
Now, suppose he was wrong fifty per cent., there
would be still twenty millions, and it was unques-
tionably their duty to provide for that.    It was
certainly an extraordinary occurrence in the his-
tory, not only of our own Government, but of all
Governments, that there should be so large a sur-
plus in the Treasury not wanted for its expenses;
and how did it happen that so much money was
allowed to get in the Treasury that was  not
wanted ?   In considering the remedy, he would
go on the ground that the case was an extraor-
dinary one, and that it never could be the system
of this Government to collect more money into
the Treasury than would be wanted for disburse-
ments, and he would, therefore, provide at once
for the present evil, leaving the future to the wis-
dom of succeeding Legislatures.
Mr. W. then entered into a lengthy examina-
tion of the causes which had produced this super-
abundance in the Treasury. He differed with the
Senator from South Carolina in the opinion that
it could be traced to the tariff of 1828; he thought
that the evil should be traced rather to some of
the provisions of the tariff of 1832 and 1833, than
to that of 1828.
It was the abolition of the minimum principle,
which he thought one of the wisest principles ever
adopted by any Government, and the substitu-
tion of enormously high ad valorem duties, which
had greatly helped to produce this accumulation.
He could demonstrate that several millions of
the unheeded mass in the Treasury proceeded
from the substitution of these high ad valorem
duties for minimum, bringing three or four dol-
lars into the Treasury for nobody's protection, in
order to oppose a dollar that was protected.
After pursuing this part of the subject further,
Mr. W. took a view of the other causes which
had assisted in producing the great accumulation
in the Treasury; the sales of the public lands,
with the causes of their great excess for the pres- |
ent year; the expansion of bank paper; and the I
vast amount of foreign capital employed in the
country, &c. From all these causes there was a J
superabundance of money in the Treasury, ¡
which it was necessary that they should make
some disposition of; and in doing so he would
go upon the ground that the case was an extraor-
dinary one, and that a measure providing for the
present occasion was more likely to succeed than
one providing for the future as well as the pres-
ent He would, therefore,provide for the present
evil, and leave future evils to be provided for by
those who came after them. Of the two proposi-
tions for this object, Mr. W. gave the preference
to the one of the Senator from South Carolina, as
being more equal in its provisions. There being
only seven of the large States who had stocks in
which the surplus could be invested, the plan of
the Senator from New York would benefit them
only, while all the rest of the States would derive
no benefit whatever.
The plan of the Senator from New York would
as much create the relation of debtor and creditor
between the General Government and the States
as the plan of the Senator from South Carolina,
there being this difference between them, that the
plan of the latter extending to all the States, by
its very universality of application, was relieved
from the strong objections that applied to the
other. After reviewing at considerable length
the propositions of the Senators from South Car-
olina and New York,Mr. W.concluded, by sub-
mitting some amendments, which he asked might
be laid on the table and printed. This motion
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the whole sub-
ject was referred to a select committee of nine
members; which,on balloting,was made to consist
of Messrs. Wright, Calhoun, Webster, King
of Alabama, Buchanan, Hendricks, Shepley,
Leigh, and Ewing of Ohio.
Mr. BENTOIN moved that the previous orders
be postponed for the purpose of taking up the bill
to increase the military peace establishment of
the United States.
Mr. SOUTHARD expressed the hope that the
preference would be given to the bill to extend
the charters of the banks of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BENTON called for the yeas and nays on
his motion; which were ordered, and the question
was decided in the affirmative by the following
vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown,Buchanan, Ew-
ing of Illinois, King of Georgia, Lcigli, Morns, Nicholas,
Niles, Porter, Rives, Robinson, Ruggles, SUcpley, Tall-
madge. Walker, White, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs*. Clay, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ew-
ing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Hubbard, King of
Alabama, Naudain, Prentiss, Preston, Robbms, Southard,
Touilinson, and Webster—16.
PEACE ESTABLISHMENT.
The bill to increase the military peace estab-
lishment of the United States was accordingly
taken up; and after a brief explanation from Mr.
Benton, and at a late hour of the day, it was
passed over informally, and the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; after
which it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 31, 1836.
The House proceeded to consider the resolution
reported by Mr. Owens, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, fixing on a day for considering
the deposit bill.
The resolution, having been amended, was to
make the said bill, together with the bills then on
the Speaker's table, the special orders of the day
for the day succeeding the final disposition of the
appropriation bills. The question pending was
the motion of Mr. Bell, to strike out all after
the word "resolved," and insert " that the deposit
bill be made the special order for the 25th of May.''
Mr. BELL modified his motion by substituting
the 13th of June for the 25th of May.
Mr. MILLER moved to postpone the subject
until Monday next; which was lost—ayes 49,
noes 80.
Mr. KINNARD moved to amend the amend-
ment by including the bills relative to the Cum-
1 berland road, but subsequently withdrew it.
I Mr. OWENS suggested that the bill be made
the special order for to-morrow week.
!     Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved to ex-
1 cept Fridays and Saturdays; which was lost—
ayes 69, noes 74.
' Mr. McCOMAS moved to amend the amend-
ment by including in the special order the bills
for extending the pension act of 1832, establish-
ing the northern boundary of Ohio, and for the
I admission of Michigan and Arkansas into the
S Union.
¡ Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to postpone the whole subject until Tuesday next;
j which was agreed to—ayes 86, noes not counted.
I               REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio.from the Com-
I mittee on Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
1 Alexander G. Morgan; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report concluding with a reso-
lution setting apart Saturday next, from half past
ten o'clock, for the consideration of bills report-
ed, and to be reported previous to that time, by
said committee.
Mr. WARDWELL moved to amend the res-
olution by including the bills reported by the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. JARVIS moved to amend the amendment
by including the bills reported by the Naval
Committee for naval pensions; which was lost.
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved to include the
bills reported by the Committee of Claims; which
was lost.
Mr. PARKS moved to lay the original resolu-
tion and amendment on the table; which was
agreed to—yeas 70, nays 59.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to authorize the pur-
chase of suitable sites for the erection of marine
hospitals on the western waters and lakes of the
United States; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
I Mr. P. C. FULLER, from the Committee of
, Claims, reported the following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Eliott; and
A bill for the relief of John Wilson.
Mr. CUSHMAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported the following bills; which
were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Moses Merrill; and
A bill for the relief of Nathan Levy.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill granting a pension to John
March; which was read twice ana committed.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, made report on the subject of
imprisonment for debt in this District, conclud-
ing with the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State he requested to as-
certain, and report to this House, the number of persona
imprisoned for debt since 1820, in the District of Columbia;
the times during which they were imprisoned; the amount 
of their respecüve debts; the portions thereof paid in con-
tequeuce of their imprisonment; the expenses to creditors
