1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
of miinii nance, kc . * ittacuch other facts,!* to allegations
o. tmul,  «. •«•*,  'hI condition of the yaitíes, n can be
eo i\nu< m \ pr,x-ur< J
The resolution, under the rule, lies over one
di\
Mr LANE, instructed by the committee,
moved n nr nt fhe thousand extra copies of the
foregome report: w hich lies over one day.
Mr MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported without amend-
ment a bi'l from the Senate for the relief of the
leyal representatives of Colonel John Haslett;and
t'. * same was commuted.
Mr MUHLENBERG, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following bills; which were
retd twice and committed:
A bill for the relitf of the heirs of Major Peter
Helfenston, and
A bill fjr the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Charlts Snead.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Pub-
he Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
M. Burland; which was read twice and commit-
ted
Mr BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, repor'edthe following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A 'nil for the relief of Barton Hooper; and
A bill for the relief of Henry Maggart.
Mr  TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pens on , reported, without amendment, a b.U
from the Senate for the relief of J. Buchanan; and
the same was committed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions, &c,
were mad- bv Messrs. WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
and P. C. FULLER, from the Committee of
Caims. Messrs. MUHLENBERG, and KIN-
NA.RD, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on
Public Lands, and by Mr. FRY, from the Com-
mi'tte on Re\o'auonary Pensions.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to «mend the act of June
30, 1834, granting lands to certain exiles from
Poland; which was read twice.
Mr. BOON moved that it be ordered to be en-
grossed.
Mr. GRANGER, after a few remarks, ex-
pressed a wish that the bill should be permitted
to he on the table for the present, as he desired
•n opportunity to examine its provisions.
Mr. BOULDIN said he was not like the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Granger,] who
had just taken his seat. He (Mr. B.) would
vote for this bill in no stage. If it took from the
grantees anything, he would not vote for it. He
would not rob a robber, much less a beggar. If
it added to their grant the breadth of a hair, he
would not vote for it. Why should we grant
land to the Poles5 Were they meritorious' Our
own citizens are equally so. Were they poor'
Our own citizens, many of them, were as pooras
anybody. Do we wish to encourage rebellion in
foreirrn countries' This would hazard our safety
--our name as an honest nation—our character
as a wise and prudent people. These he wotild
not hazard on any consideration. But here there
was nothing to hazard, unlesswe did it willingly
and unnecessarily. We had jewed, screwed, he
was sorry to sav, almost shuffled with, our old
revolutionary soldiers, in relation to their claims,
and had given these foreigners their thirty-six
sections of land, of six hundred and forty acres
each, which he understood had been selected on
both sides of a river for many miles up and down,
including the improvements of many who had
spent their lives and risked the lives of their fam-
ilies to obtain from the Indians the very land
now given to the Poles. He said he would con-
trast the conduct of the Government in relation to
their own citizens with that of the Government
in relation to these foreigners.
Mr CONNOR rose and said, he was sorry to
be obliged to interrupt the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, but he must call for the orders of the day.
Mr. BOULDIN was quite willing to conclude
his remarks either then, or whenever the biH
should again come up in it  order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, «3ked the con-
sent of the House to permit him to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs a bill from the
Senate providing for the appointment of three
additional paymasters of the Army. His object
was to act on the bill forthwith, inasmuch as the
public survice was suffering, and he had received
a communication from the executive depaitment
urging the speedy passage of the bill.
The motion was objected to.
POST OFFICE DEPAP.TMENT.
In execution of the special order of Friday last,
the House resumed the consideration of the bill
to change the organization of the Post Office De-
partment, and to provide more effectually for the
settlement of the accounts thereof.
The question pending was on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole in their proposition
to amend the bill, by inserting the following
clause:
Sec. 38. «J>xf ¡>e it further enacted, That from the tlurtj-
first d y of December, one thousand eight hundred and
tlnrt} six, the follón mg ratea ot postage shall be charged
upon all letter  and packets carried m the mail of the
United States, excepting such as are b> law exempt from
postage, to nit
Tor e\erv single letter, or letter composed of one piece,
carried not exceeding lift} miles, five cents
CKcr fiitj.aiid not exceeding one hundred miles, ten
cents
Over one hundred,and not exceedingtwo hundred miles,
fifteen cent*
Over two hundred, and not exceeding four hundred miles,
twent\ cents
Over four hundred, and not exceeding eight hundred miles,
twenty ñ\ e cents
Over eight hundred miles, thirtv cents.
And for ever) letter or packet composed of two piece ,
double these rates, and for every letter or packet composed
of three pieces, triple these rates, and for every letter or
packet composed of four or more pieces, quadruple these
rates Provided, That all letters and packets of one ounce
avoirdupois in weight, or more, shall be charged single for
every quarter of an ounce
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Martin, to reconsider the vote by which the fol-
lowing amendment was adopted:
Retain the first clause of the section, and strike out all
after the "til to the loth line of the section inclusive, and
insert "Oierfiftj miles,andnotevceedingonehundredand
fifty, ten cent  ; over one hundred and fiitv rnile^,, and not
exceeding four hundred, fifteen cents; over four hundred
miles, and not exceeding eight hundred, twenty cents; over
eight hundred miles, twenty five cent . "
Mr. CONNOR produced a letter from the Post-
master General on the subject of the tariff of
postages, and giving a detailed statement of the
revenue derivable from the various rates of post-
age. By the old plan, the revenue therefrom
amounted to about #3,000,000. By the plan of
the committee, there would be a loss on the
smaller rates of $281,152, anda gain on the larger
of $188,408, being a total loss of $92,744. But
by the amendment, if adopted, there would ac-
crue a loss of $549,417, which wouldatonce sus-
pend and put an end to all chance of increasing
the facilities of mail transportation, and of open-
ing new routes. The letter was of great length,
and entered into a great variety of details in ref-
erence to the point, and earnestly recommended
that either the proposition of the committee should
be adopted, with the modification of reducing the
rate of letters over eight hundred miles, from
' thirty cents to twenty-five, or otherwise to retain
the old rates.
Mr. MARTIN explained the reasons that had
induced him to change his opinion. He was as-
sured that the amendment would cripple the De-
partment, and he was in favor of the old rates.
Mr. HAWES was in favor of the old tariff,
and should vote both against the amendment and
the proposition of the committee.
Mr. McKENNAN was in favor of the present
rates; for he had heard no complaints from his
constituents, and he did not believe any change
was desired.
Mr. PARKS entered into an explanation,
showing that the proposition of the committee
would injuriously affect his constituents. He
hoped that the vote would not be reconsidered,
or that the House would retain the old tariff.
After some further remarks from Messrs.
HUNT, MILLER, VINTON, REED, LAW-
RENCE, BRIGGS, WILLIAMS of North Car-
olina, JOHNSON of Louisiana, DENNY, GIL-
LET, MANN of New York, TAYLOR, EVER-
ETT, PEARCE of Rhode Island, and SMITH,
,      Mr. PHILLIPS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
j      Mr. GRENN ELL moved a call of the House;
which was lost.
The question on reconsidering was then taken,
and decided in the negative—yeas 66, nays 81.
So the motion to reconsider was lost.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
section as amended.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to amend the first
clause of the same section by inserting 1837, in-
stead of 1836; which was agreed to.
After some remarks from Messrs. PHILLIPS,
VANDERPOEL, and DUNLAP, the question
was taken on concurring with the Committee of
the Whole in the section as amended, and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 65, nays 91.
So the House refused to concur, and the clause
was stricken out.
Mr. ADAMS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the following amendment of the Commit-
tee of the Whole was concurred in:
Ssc 5. That the Treasurer of the Cnited States shall
give receipts lor all moneys received by him to the credit of
the appropriation Strike out the words in italics, and in-
sert in lieu thereof the follow nig '• duly deposited to hi 
credit m bank."
Mr. ADAMS addressed the House for some
time in support of his motion, and in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. CONNOR explained that the clause had
been amended to render it consistent with the
present mode of conducting the financial affaire
of the Department.
Mr. PARKER did not entirely approve of the
clause as it had been amended. The word "bank"
was too indefinite, too ambiguous; and by whom
was the selection to be made'
Mr. McKAY thought all objection might be
obviated by inserting another section or proviso,
that the banks in which the money might be de-
posited should be selected by the Treasurer,
under the direction of the Postmaster General.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said he saw no
objection to restoring the clause as it was origin-
ally reported, and he hoped the motion to re-
consider would prevail.
Mr. ADAMS did not approve of the suggestion
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr
McKay.]
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to;
and the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved to non-concur m the
following amendment:
Skc. 40. And be it further enacted, That in case the
Postmaster General shall deem it expedient to establish an
express mail on horseback, in addition to the ordinary mail,
on any of the post rojds in the United States, for the pur-
pose of conveying slip  from newspapers in lieu of exchange
newspapers, or letters other than such as contain money,
not exceeding half an ounce in weight, marked " express
mail," and public dispatches, he shall be authorized to
charge all letters and packet  carried by such express mail
with triple the rates of postage to which letters and pack-
ets, not free, may be by law subject, when carried by the
ordinary mails.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said he hoped the House
would not concur with the Committee of the
Whole in adopting this amendment. He viewed
it as a specimen of that course of legislation
which had prevailed for so many years, that it
might now be regarded as a system—that of legis-
lating for the benefit of the few, regardless of the
rights and interests oí the many. The proposition
is, substantially, to establish an express mail for
letters and newspaper slips, to be carried on horso-
back at triple the present rates of postage This
is, substantially, the proposition; for though the
Postmaster General has now the power to estab-
lish an express mail, yet he has no power to in-
crease the present rate of postage; and without
such increase it cannot be supposed that such a
mail would be established. It is true that the
proposed amendment will still leave the matter to
the discretion of the Postmaster General; but he
and everybody else will consider the adoption or
reiectton of this amendment as an approval or
! disapproval of this project; and he will undoubt-
1 edlv act accordingly. Mr. F. said he therefore
felt himself justified in regarding this as a direct
proposition to establish an express mail.
Now, sir, if we look at the places where this
mail would probably be started, or the person 
who are particularly interested in it, and who
would avail themselves of it, no one can view it
as a measure designed for the common benefit of
the people, but rather one designed for a very
fW.W those who, to say the least of them, are
