1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
hop  01 much further with these extra-judicial '
pricoec'in^s     The matter hid gone far enough
n't   ii'v     i nl  if ihf\  went fmthcr without the
H ■> '-    ">f U   - r< sent itiv.es, thev would violate the
Co! -t    I tl Ml
M 1 WIXG, of Ohio, replied to Mr Bfvton
at \ x 'i< !" d * ''"t rdtd thu the resolutions of
t' t •>■ li , i d the manner of conducting the
niqui.v , \\ i it piom r—ri tessary to attain the ob-
j i \i \, IL di 1 rot hi he\e that information
cnM Inn be n obtained if notice had been given
of'V fu ind phce of taking the depositions;
and mstimid the investigations that were made
b\ t'i. Po--t Office Committee, calling upon the
rhs.irn.itii to inform the Senate how these were
conducted, and whether, in his opinion, correct
inf irmation could have been obtained if they had
n ^ifi d t! e parties implicated of the time and
place of taking depositions.
M* GRTL NDY, beng thus called on, replied
that, when the Post Office Committee were about
to enter on their examinations, they came to the
determination unanimously, that their best course
would be to take depositions without giving the
p*rties íniplictted notice of the time and place of
so doing T'us was done in every case, but
when the testimony in each case was concluded,
he, as the thai-man of the committee, notified
each individual implicated of the matter brought
a<riinst him, and called upon him to defend him-
self.
He did not believe that correct information,with
regird to mitters before the Post Office Commit-
tee, could have been obtained by any other mode
of inquiry.
Mr SOUTHARD proceeded to take a view of
the reasons w Inch induced the Senate to institute
th^ inquirí' s r ferred to. Earlyin the session of
1S34, complaints in a great variety of forms were
made .n regard to frauds in relation to the lands
eed d by the Choctaw s, and in regard to the con-
duct of the commissioners under that cession.
Subsequent charges were made as to extensive
frands *htt had been committed, not only in Mis-
sissippi but in other States, it was not against one
man, but against the general administration of
the Land Offices. The question, then, before the
Senate is, will it do anything to arrest these frauds
and make the necessary inquiries for the purpose
of ascertaining how they can be arrested' This
was his inquiry. He had no reference to Samuel
Gwm, or to any other single individual. His
only object was to ascertain whether such frauds
had been committed, and how they could be pre-
vented by the legislation of Congress. The votes
he gave were governed by these considerations,
andnoother. If anything improper had been done
in conducting die inquiry, it dm not prove that it
ought not to have been instituted. Every step in
that inquiry was directed by its legislative action,
and every other step was accidental. Mr. S.
read the different proceedings on the subject from
the Journals of 1834. The inquiries were general
in order to ascertain what legislation was neces-
sary , and the Senate would find, by reference to
the Journals, that an act was reported, a fact
omitted in the discussion of this morning. Sup-
pose, in the course of the investigation, they
should find that an officer had received a bonus for
the «ale of a tract of land, would it not be proper
for them to introduce a resolution providing for
the introduction of a law to prevent such acts for
the future' not to go back to punish the officer
who was guilty, for that would be too late, but
for the purpose of framing a law that would guard
against such frauds in future. The Senate would
find, on looking at the whole proceedings, that
legislative and not judicial action was contem-
plated from beginning to end.
By a resolution introduced by Mr. Poivdex-
ter, the inquiry was pursued through the Treas-
ury and War Departments, and the answers from
these Departments did not come in until the 13th
of June. On the 22d of June, Mr. Powdexter
offered a resolution authorizing the chairman to
proceed in theinvestigationsalreadycommenced.
Now, what then was the dnty of the Senate'
The Secretaries of War and Treasury had made
their communications, and the committee had re-
ported that they could not conclude their investi-
gations that srs'-ion. The inquiry was, should
th<-y «top therr      Everybody believed that stu-
f)cndous frauds had been committed; it was too
ate to deny the fact now; and he for one thought
thit these investigations should proceed. And
as it would have been impossible for the commit-
tee to go to the diffeient States where these ex-
aminations were to be made, Mississippi, Alaba-
ma, Ohio, Michigan, &c , he had no difficulty in
coming to the conclusion, that it would be proper
to trust the further prosecution of the business
to their chairman. They could have continued
tl e inquiry in no other mode. He was not here
the apologist of the chairman, but he thought
that justice should be done to him, as well as to
others. Well, then,it was proper to make these
investigations by depositions If it was not so,
it was wrong for the Post Office Committee to do
so. The testimony could not be justly taken in
another way If there had been error in the
chairman of the committee, the Senate was not to
answer for it. If blood had been shed, in con-
sequence of the manner of conducting these in-
quiries, the Senate was not chargeable, they did
not direct that the inquiries should be made in an
improper manner. They only directed that the
inquiries should be made by depositions.
He would not defend the instructions to the
commissioners; butwouldsaythat, lfinstructions
had been given to them to give notices to the par-
ties implicated, and to take their counter testi-
mony, such proceeding would constitute the com-
missioners into a criminal court for the trial of
individuals, and to make the inquiry a criminal
process, instead of a foundation for legislative
Proceedings. These were the views on which
e voted. The result was, that at the succeeding
session, the chairman [Mr. Poivdexter] made a
report, accompanied by a resolution, that the
charges be referred to the President of the United
States. Where, then, was the voice that is now
raised against the judicial proceedings of the
Senate' No man pretended to say then that
the Senate had placed itself in a false position.
Mr. S. proceeded at length to defend the pro-
fnety of this course on the part of the Senate,
t was said that the whole affair was ended by
printing the report, and its reference to the Pres-
ident; but this was a very incorrect view of the
subject—the reference to the President was merely
incidental, but on the very day the chairman
reported a bdl, with the very view of fulfilling the
purpose for which this inquiry was made, being
a bill of six pages, to provide against the com-
mission pi" these frauds.   Was it true, then, that |
the inquiry was fruitless,and that it ended in the j
reference of this subject to the President'   No; |
the result of that investigation would be found in I
the bill that had been reported, and would be !
found in the labors of the Committee on Public
Lands, who had made use of this very informa-
tion, and would very soon place before them a
bill which would show how useful that inquiry
had been.    Where, then, was the evidence that
the Senate had placed itself in a fals  position'
Mr. CALHOUN agreed partly with his friend
from North Carolina, but was clearly of opinion
that the printing ought to be after the report of
the committee.
Not a single Senator had read the whole of this
evidence; not a Senator knew whether it excul-
pated the officer implicated, or whether it impli-
cated the conduct of the chairman; and in the dark
they were asked to print the testimony. Now,
he thought that to do justice to all parties, to Mr.
Gwin himself, as well as others, the proper
course was to refer it to a committee. If the
object in sending this document here was to im-
plicate a former member of that body, who had,
in the discharge of arduous duties, been impli-
cated, every principle of honor and justice required
that they should be referred and examined before
sending them abroad to the world. As to the
dangerous doctrine that this body is not to look
into malfeasances in office, it had been avowed
here for the first time. Never had it been avowed
in the British Parliament, from which we took
our practice, nor had it been advanced in any of
the State Legislatures. Such a doctrine would sur-
render entirely the legislative power ofthe Senate.
Mr. C. continued his remarks to some consid-
erable length; after which,
Mr. WHITE and Mr. WALKER expressed
themselves briefly in favor of printing.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
PRENTISS, MANGUM, PRESTON, POR-
TER, WALL, NILES, and BROWN, when,
On motion of Mr. PORTER to lay the whole
subject on the table, it was decided in the nega-
tive, by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs Black, Calhoun, Crittenden, Evving of
Ohio, Goldsborough, Kent, King Leigh, Mansutn, Potter,
Premisa. Preston, Southard. Tomlinson, and White—lo
NAYS—Messr-s Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Evving of Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, Hubbard, King of
Georgia, Morris, Nicholas, Nile Rives Robinsot , Buggies,
Sheple), Tallmadge, Walker, Wall, and Wright—20
On motion of Mr. BLACK, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 1, 1836.
On motion of Mr.WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
and by general consent, sundry bills from the
Senate on the table were taken up, read twice,
and referred.
PENSIONS.
The bill entitled " An act to provide for certain
pensioners of Virginia and Ohio," returned from
the Senate with a verbal amendment, was also
taken up, and the amendment concurred in.
CONVENTION WITH SPAIN.
The act to carry into effect the convention be-
tween the United States and Spain, retuined fiom
the Senate with a resolution declaring that the
Senate insisted on their amendment, and ask a
conference, was then taken up; and,
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the House insisted
on their disagreement to the Senate's amendment,
and agreed to the confeience asked by the Sen-
ate. The committee on the pait of the House
was ordered to consist of five.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of certain citi-
zens of Madison county, Illinois; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. C.,fiom the same committee, also reported
a bill for the relief of John White; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. CHANEY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Levi
Jarritt; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee or
Claims, reported abill for the ielief of T. Savage,
administrator of Elijah Law; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to William Warden.
Also a bill for the relief of George McFadden;
and
A bill for the relief of George White; which
bills were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Alexander Gibson-, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, by leave, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill from the Senate, providing for the appoint-
ment of three additional paymasters of the Army,
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. J. asked the consent to make the bill the
special order to-morrow at half past ten o'clock;
which was objected to.
Mr. HEISTER moved a suspension of tfie
rules, for the purpose of taking up the joint res-
olution from the Senate, fixing the day of ad-
lournment of the present session of Congress.
Mr. H AWES moved to lay the motion to sus-
pend on the table.
Mr. HAYNES asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.                              ,
The House refused to lay the motion on the
table—yeas 81, nays 99.
Mr HEISTER then asked for the yeas and
nays On the motion to suspend the rules; which
were not ordered, and the motion was decided in
the neeatiye-ayes 84, noes 81-not two-thirds.
^Petifionston leave, were pre^"ted oy Messrs.
JOHNSON, of Louisiana, LEWIS, and K1N-
NfMrDKiNNARD presented the petition of Samuel
