520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
Beck, claiming compensation for a number of
rifles delivered to the Miamx Indian*, by a com- |
mismoner of the United States; which was re- ¡
ferred to the Committee on Indian Afiairs.J
On motion of Mr. HARD, it was
Rr<c'red. That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expedienov of allowing additional com-
pensation toJoel Byinstmi.ofNcw Votk, tor the destruction
of pcopertv bv the enemy duringtba late war, and for the us«
of buildings by the American army.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved. That the claim of Captain Rice, a soldier of
ihe Revolution, be referred to the Committee on Kevolu-
tionarj Pensions.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the claim of James P. Harrison, of Louis-
iana, against the United States, together with the docu-
ments in support of the same, herewith submitted, be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, with instructions to
inquire into the e:\pediency of providing fertile payment of
the same.
On motion of Mr. BAILEY, it was
Resolred, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to Ebenezer Macomber, of Bristol, in the
county of Lincoln, State of Maine, and that the accom-
Sanving documents relating to bis revolutionary services
e referred to that committee.
On motion of Mr. BAILEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to Ebenezer Savase, of Maine, and that the
accompanying documents, relating to his revolutionary ser-
vices, be referred to that committee.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. HUNT asked leave of the House to make
a statement in reference to himself personally.
Objection being made,
Mr. HUNT moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose.
Mr. HARD called for the yeas and nays; but
subsequently withdrew it; and
Mr. MAY renewed the motion; but they were
not ordered.
Mr. HARDIN asked if it would be in order to
move an amendment to the motion, as he wished,
also, an opportunity of making a statement in
reference to himself. He had been put down as
voting in favor of the power of Congress to eman-
cipate slaves in the States, whereas he had always
voted directly the reverse, on every occasion
whenever that question had come up.
Mr. PATTON made an appeal to the House
to grant the leave asked; and he was sure that it
would not be refused if the fact were generally
known, that there were at that moment hundreds
and thousands of documents upon the tables of
the members, containing a gross misstatement of
the votes of members, and which they had been
innocently circulating.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, said he
rose to corroborate the statement of that gentle-
man, and to urge the majority in the House to
give to the member from New York [Mr. Hunt]
an opportunity to explain.   He felt that he him-
self had been placed in a position of peculiar
delicacy, without any fault or connivance of his
own.   A few days since, he had put his name to
a paper which was circulating in this Hall, for
the printing of the report submitted by the select
committee on the subject of slavery. Such papers,
proposing the publication of certain documents,
were seen here every day.   Who put the one in
circulation which Mr. C. had subscribed, he did
not know.  When he took his seat this morning,
he found two hundred copies of the report on his
desk, folded and directed by his amanuensis, and
he had put his frank on them without being aware
of the erroneous statement therein contained.
The moment he was apprised of this, he sent to
the post-office to recall them, and should commit
them to the flames.   He had most unconsciously
put his frank   upon a falsehood, and the only
return in his power to offer, the only evidence he
was able to give of his regret, he would now give
by voting to allow the gentleman from New York
to explain. He invoked the House to suspend the
rules.
Mr. PATTON renewed the call for the yeas
and nays on the motion; and they were ordered.
The motion to suspend was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 140, nays 36.
Mr. HUNT returned his acknowledgments to
the House for affording him this opportunity of
making such an explanation as he could not have I
made in any other way. He would not have
asked the favor on any question of less vital in-
terest; on any question relating to himself of a
merely local character, or on one connected only
with the party politics of the day. But this was
in reference to a question, as lie had observed
some time ago, which he deemed to be of perma-
nent and abiding interest, in reference to what
had been termed in common parlance the " sla-
very resolutions," and which had agitated this
House from the commencement of the present
session. He wished to avail himself of this op-
portunity to correct what must be either a willful
misrepresentation, or a gross, palpable and blun-
dering mistake. Unless the House had con-
ceded to hitn the favor of noticing the error in
this way, it would have been almost impossible
for him to have disseminated the history of this
transaction.
The paper he held in his hand purported to be
a report by the chairman of the select commit-
tee on the subject of the abolition of slavery; and, \
strange as it might seem, to that report was ap-
pended, or was purported to be appended, the
yeas and nays of the members of the House who
had voted on the different resolutions. This
was not a document ordered by the House to be
printed, but it came, nevertheless, from the print-
er to the House. By what authority he had
undertaken to append those votes was not for
Mr. H. to say. The printer, however, had un-
dertaken todo so,and had placed his (Mr. H.'s)
name as voting against the resolution declaring
that Congress possesses no constitutional au-
| thority to interfere in any way with the institu-
tion of slavery in any of the States of this Con-
federacy. He had voted in favor of that resolu-
tion.
Mr. H. then desired the Clerk to refer to the
votes on the Journal, which showed that nine
gentlemen only  voted  against this  resolution;
whereas the list printed in the pamphlet referred
' to represented forty-six members to have voted
\ against it.   He added that it might turn out that
¡ this had originated in some mistake; but, if so,
j it would furnish the editors with the opportunity
of correcting it.    If it was an error, it was a most
1 gross and bungling one.   After some further re-
marks, Mr. H. adverted to an editorial article in
the Globe of Monday last, the statementin which
he availed himself of that opportunity of pro-
1 nouncing to be utterly false.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired whether this
paper, to which lists of yeas and nays were ap-
pended, had been received as a paper printed by
the public printers, in pursuance of an order of
the House.
The CHAIR was informed by .the Clerk that
i such was not the case.
|    Mr. UNDERWOOD explained that his object
was, if it had been so, to move a resolution in
I relation to it.    He would barely state, that he
¡ voted for the first resolution; whereas that paper
represented him as voting against it.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD wished to know by
what means the yeas and nays were furnished ?
and whether the Clerk furnished the list to the
printer for the- publication annexed to that docu-
ment?
The CHAIR said he was informed by the Clerk
that he had not furnished this list of yeas and
nays; but that the editors of all the papers had
access to the book.
Mr. MERCER inquired how far the printing
of the Journal had progressed ?
The CHAIR replied to the 16th of May; and
remarked that the printing thereof was, of course,
superintended by the clerks.
Mr. SHEPPERD asked the indulgence of the
House to permit him to say one word. [Cries of
«'No!" " No!" " Leave !'* " Leave!"]
Mr. GILLET rose and said, that if those who
took exception to the pamphlet referred to by
his colleague desired to know how the mistake
occurred, he believed he could inform them; and
from that explanation they would learn that the
mistake was entirely unintentional,and no blame
could attach to the printers to this House. The
account of what was referred to had been correctly
published by them, and with one word of expla-
nation he thought all would be satisfied. It should
be now made so as to be as publicas the accusa-
tion. This was due to them, to the House, and
the country.
Mr. CLAIBORNE asked leave to make a state-
ment, which he assured the House would not
occupy five minutes. [Cries of "Ao-reed!"
"Agreed!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. C. said he felt his own reputation involved,
and he claimed it as a right. He then moved a
suspension of the rules; and thereon asked for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the motion by
extending it to " others."
Mr. PATTON called the attention of the House
to a recent editorial article of the Globe, contain-
ing a statement just as gross and false as the
present.
Mr. Mebcer's motion was then negatived—
ayes 91, noes 79.
Mr. CLAIBORNE withdrew the call for the
yeas and nays on his motion; and
Mr. VANDERPOEL renewing it, they were
ordered; and the motion was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 98, nays 82—not two thirds.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked leave to offer a res-
olution " that the printer to this House be re-
quired to print for the use of the members of this
House ------ copies of the report of the select
committee on the subject of slavery, and that he
annex thereto the yeas and nays as given on each
resolution."   Mr. U. said he desired this as the
I best means of correcting the blunder.
Mr. VANDERPEOL said he felt himself com-
, pelled to object, because he thought it would have
the effect of getting up a debate.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD had no desire to produce
any debate. He had no objection about the num-
i ber of copies, whether five, ten, or even thirty
' thousand; all that he wished was, that the facts,
! as existed, should be extensively circulated.
Mr. MANN, of New York, and Mr, Mc-
KENNAN, appealed to the gentleman from
Kentucky not to press the resolution.
Mr. CUSHMAN rose, and moved to lay it
upon the table; whereupon
Mr. UNDERWOOD withdrew it.
Mr. WISE rose to make a request that those
gentlemen who had received thoae pamphlets
would prevent their further distribution. ['' Cer-
tainly! " Certainly!" was responded from all
parts of the House.]
The House then, on motion of Mr. CONNOR,
, proceeded to the orders of the day.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
In execution of the special order of Friday last,
the House resumed the consideration of the bill
to change the organization of the Post Office De-
partment, and to provide more effectually for the
settlement of the accounts thereof.
The question pending was on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole in the following
amendment:
Sec. 45. Jlwl be it further enacted, That the following
annual salaries «hall be allowed to the Assistant Postmas-
ters General, and to the clerks, messengers, and watchmen
provided for the service of the Post Office Department, to
be paid at the end of each calendar month, viz:
To the three Assistant Postmasters General, each $3,000.
To the chief clerk, $9,100.
To the three principal clerks, each $1,700.
To ten clerks, each $1,400.
To fifteen clerks, each $1,200.
To eight clerks, each $900.
To the messenger, $900.
To the three assistant messengers, each $600.
To the two watchmen, each $300.
Sec. 46. Beit further enacted, That the following annual
salaries shall be allowed to the Auditor of the Post Office
Department, and to the clerks and messengers herein pro-
vided tor the service of his office, to be paid as aforesaid,
viz:
To the Auditor, $3,000.
To the chief clerk, $9,800.
To the four principal clerks, each $1,700.
To ten clerks, each $1,400.
To twenty clerks, each $1,200.
To eight clefks, each $900.
To the messenger, $900; and to the assistant messengers,
$600.
Mr. HARLAN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the fifth line, and
reducing the salaries as follows:
To the Assistant Postmasters General, each $2,500.
To the chief fclerk, $1,700.
