1836.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  521
To the three principal clerks, each $1,400.
To icn iU'rk«, t-acil $1,300.
Tí. *<• n -IcrM.o-u-h «1.000.
To i i 'it clerk-, • >ch *«t\l.
To I 'f me—enser. jjüu l
1 ■> i x' i'ircc a—i-tjiit me^-enaor , each §400.
1 o *!tt tuo tt.iu hmen, i«ic'i >^00
Mr. MANN, of New York, explained that
th^ amount ot salary to the chief cleik in the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
'•$0.100,*' was anus-t ike either of the transcriber
or of the printer, for "§5,000."
Tno amendment was discussed at length by
Messrs. HARLAN", HARPER, MANN of
New Vork.JOHNSuNof Tennessee, ADAMS,
GIDFON lei:, wise, THOMAS, pearce
of Maryland, PARKER, MILLER, and HEIS-
TER.
Mr. HARPER asked for the yeas and nays on
the amendment;which were ordered.
Mi. HARLAN modified his amendment, by
sinking out the word '"three," in the sixth line.
Mr. ILVRPER suggested a fuither modifica-
tion in the last clause, by inserting "¡ 400," in-
stead of "$300," as the salary of each of the
watchmen.
Mr. HARLAN accepted this as a modifica-
tion.
Mr. HARPER called fora division of the ques-
tion to the twelfth 1 ne inclusive. He explained
that he had no w ish to see the inferior clerks
cut down to too low a rate.
The question was then taken on the first divis-
ion of the amfnJment of Mr. Hirlik, closing
with the clause fjr sálanos to " ten clerks, each
$1,000," and decided in the affiraative—yeas 84,
nays 60.
Mr HALL, of Maine, then demanded the pre-
vi ions question.
Mr. CONNOR inquired what would be the
effect of the previous question :
The CHAIR (temporarily occupied by Mr.
Brigcs) replied that, if sustained, it would cut
off the whole of the section then pending—such
amendments of the Committee of the Whole as
had not been concurred in by the House, and
would be on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. HALL withdrew the motion for the pre-
vious question, and
Mr. LANE renewed it.
Mr. ANTHONY moved a call of the House;
which was los'.
The previous question was not seconded by
the House.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of Mr. Harlav's amendment as modi-
fied
Mr. ADAMS surgestod the following modifi-
cation to the second branch of the amendment,
which Mr. Harlan accepted: "To the messen-
ger, $700; to two assistant messengers, $400each;
and to one $350; and to the two watchmen $350
each:" and so modified it was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the follow-
ing words from the section: "tobe paid at the
end of each calendar month;" which was agreed
to.
The section, as amended, was then concurred
in.
The remaining section,agreed to in Committee
of the Whole, was then taken up follows:
Sec. 46 Be it further enacted, That the following annua]
salarte* shall be allowed to the Auditor of the Pon Office
Department, and to the clerks and messengers herein pro-
vided lor the service of lite office, to be paid as aforesaid :
To the Auditor, «3.000
To the chief clerk, $-2,000.
Tothe four principal clerks, each $1,700.
To ten clerks, each % 1,400.
To twentv clerks, each £1,200.
To eight clerks, each .«9U0.
To the messenger, $900; and to the assistant messengers,
9600.
Mr. HARLAN moved to amend this section
as follows:
To the Auditor, .$3,000.
To the chief clerk, «1,700.
Te the four principal clerks, each f1,400.
To ten tlerk<, each gl.200.
To twenty clerks, each «1,000.
To eight clerk?, each $800.
To the messenger, $700; and
To the assistant messengers, each §450.
After some remarks from Messrs. CONNOR,
HARLAN, JOHNSON of Tennessee, and UN-
DERWOOD, the amendment was agreed to.
The section as amended was then concurred in.
Mr. MANN, of New York, then moved an
additional section to the bill, providing that it
should be in force and take effect from and after
the first day of July next; which was agreed to.
Mr. UNOERWOOD then renewed the amend-
ment offered by him tn Committee of the Whole,
in relation to the charge for boxes or pigeon holes;
and, after some remarks from Messrs. McKIM,
HAWES, WHITTLESEY of Ohio, HOW-
ARD, UNDERWOOD, GIDEON LEE, and
PHILLIPS, it was agreed to—ayes 6", noes CO.
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the fortieth
section, in relation to the express mail, by adding
the following: "And all letters or packets, carried
by such express mail, shall be post-paid," and
made a few remarks thereon.
Mr. ANTHONY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WARD appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion for the previous question,
in order that some provision might be made for
an adequate salary for the postmasters, in com-
pensation for the loss of the boxes, or pigeon-
holes.
Mr. ANTHONY could not consent to with-
draw, as it was late, and there was an evident
disposition of the House to act on the bill.
The motion for the previous question was then
seconded by the House—ayes 82, noes 50; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The main question on the engrossment of the
bill was then carried; and the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the House then
proceeded to the consideration of the "bill to
establish certain post roads, and to alter and dis-
continue others, and for other purposes."
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were concurred in, and sundry amend-
ments,chiefly of a vei bal nature, were, on motion
of Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, also agreed to, nem.
dis.
Various other amendments were also moved
and agreed to; and
The House adjourned at a late hour
IN SENATE.
Thcrsdat, June 2,1836.                      '
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Pennsylvania, similar to those
already presented, on the subject of the admis-
sion of Arkansas into the Union; which was laid
on the table. Also, a petition praying for the
establishment of a new post route; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the House to repair and extend the
United States arsenal at Charleston, South Car-
olina.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the House for the relief of James L. Stokes.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committte on
the Judiciary, to which had been referred the bill
to provide for the execution of the laws of the
United States in Michigan, reported the same,
with an amendment; which was read.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH.from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported the bill from the
House for the relief of the Springfield Manufac-
turing Company, with an amendment; which
was read.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the House for the relief of John Bennet; '
and recommended that the bill be rejected.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to regulate and
establish the Navy ration; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, from th  Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred the peti-
tion of Nathaniel Smith, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion of Mr. B., the same committee was
discharged frem the further consideration of the
petition of Lieutenant Colonel Kearney.
PAINTINGS FOR THE CAPITOL.
Mr. PRESTON, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution authoiizmg the Cominitti e on the Li-
brary to contiact with a competent artist for four
historical paintings illustrative of thceaily settle-
ment of America and its subsequent histoiy—the
choice of the subject to be left to the artist; which
was read twice and referred.
BILLS READ A  SECOND TIME.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Comnnttre of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Conway, deceased; and
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain Robert White, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Colonel Daniel New-
man was indefinitely postponed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolutions were severally sub-
mitted, and, by unanimous consent, considered
and agreed to:
By Mr. EWING, of Illinois:
Resold, That the Committee on the Tost Office and
Po-t Road* be instructed to inquire into the cxpcdioncj of
establishing a mail route from Kaskaskia, Randolph county,
by Pollock 'e, to Bellnlle, in St. Clair county, Illinois, and
from Nashville to Mount Vernon, in said State.
By Mr. DAVIS:
Reiahcd, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of rau>ing a sot of
standard weights and measures to be delivered to tach State
m the Union.
By Mr. PRENTISS :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Pc-t Rciid« be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Williston to Jericho, in
Vermont.
By Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from Cambridge, eastern shore of
Maryland, by Church creek and Tobacco Suck, to Robin
son's and Griffith'  store.
By Mr. SHEPLEY:
Resolced, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Doughty's Falls, in the State
of Maine, to Great Falls, in the State of New Hnmp-lnre ;
and al=o, a post route from Lincoln, by Lee and Spungfield
in the same State.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the bill
authorizing the purchase of the private stock in
the Louisville and Portland canal was taken up;
and the pending amendment having been with-
drawn,
Messrs. EWING of Ohio, and PORTER,
addressed the Senate in favor of the bill; aftei
which,
Mr. HENDRICKS, with some remarks, sub-
mitted the following amendments:
1st. To insert at the end of tlie second line, the words,
'- for the purpose of improving the navigation of the Ohio
nvtr at the lallb, and of rendering the same, as near as may
be. free from tolls ;" and
2d To insert in the eighth line the words, " at the market
price, not exceeding twelve and a half per cent, above pir
value." This last amendment refers to tlie priceto be p.ud
for the stock.
Mr. NILESmade some remarks in opposition
to  the amendment, on the ground that he was
opposed to the Government becoming joint suck-
holders in private stock companies, and acting
under the authority of the charter derived from
a State.    He was in favor of tie improvement
of the river, but he had strong objections to the
mode in which it was proposed to be done.    He
1 sueicested  that it would be better to obtain first
1 from the State of Kentucky a cession of the ter-
ritory on which the canal was constructed, and
1 the United States, by this means, having entire
jurisdiction over the canal, the constitutional ob-
icctions to the purchase would not apply.
Mr WALKER explained that he could now
vote for the bill in its present shape, after having
voted against it somej(layS ago. Two proposi-
tions were
now embodied in it; one was to cut
