522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
loose the United States from this joint stock com-
pany, and the other to render the canal toll free.
With' these modifications, he was prepared to
vote for the bill, as it contemplated great public
benefits, and the constitutional objections were
removed.                                                                        '
The first amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, in reply to Mr. Niles,
observed that the constitutional objections to the
bill were now, by the amendment just adopted,
removed.   The canal would be made nearly toll i
free, with the exception only of the necessary !
exnenses; and by the purchase of the whole, or ¡
the greater part of the stock, the  Government j
would not be a partner in a joint stock company, i
Mr. NAUDAIN then proposed a modification |
of the second amendment, in order, as he said,
to do full justice to the holders of this stock.
The stock was sold at least a year ago, for seven-
teen per cent, advance, and it was not reasonable
to suppose that it could be purchased for less
now. He therefore moved to amend the amend-
ment by fixing the maximum to be paid for the
stock at eighteen per cent, advance, instead of
twelve and a half.
After some remarks from Mr. DAVIS, in op-
position to the amendment, and from Messrs.
CLAY, NAUDAIN.GRUNDY, and BENTON,
in its favor,
Mr. BENTON submitted the following, which
he said he intended to offer as an amendment, as
soon as the question on the pending amendment
was disposed of:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have completed the pur-
chase of the stock in said canal, the same shall be offered
to the State of Kentucky, upon condition that the said Slate
will never impose higher tolls upon the said canal than
shall b" necessary to defray the expenses of superintend-
ing and keeping it in good order; and the President of the
United States is hereby authorized to cause the said stock
to be transferred to the State of Kentucky whenever he
shall be satisfactorily informed thatthe Legislature of that
State has agreed, by law, to accept it on the conditions
above mentioned.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought thatthe market
price of the stock would be advanced by fixing
the maximum; and that if it was so fixed, fifteen
per cent, would be a fairer price than eighteen
per cent. He was satisfied that fifteen per cent,
was a fair price, and said that if they fixed the
maximum at eighteen per cent, they would have
to pay that sum.
Air. EWING, of Ohio, thought that the twelve
and a half per cent, proposed by the amendment,
would not be giving the stockholders more than
the amount of their investment. With respect
to the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Tennessee, and submitted by the Senator from
Missouri, he hoped that it would not be passed
at this time. He was for divesting the United
States of all interest in this stock as soon as it
could be done, without the difficulties that he ap-
prehended at the present time. He hoped that it
would be postponed till next winter, when he
thought that the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri, with proper guards, would meet with
the concurrence of all.
The question being taken on Mr. Naudain's
amendment to the amendment, it was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out" twelve anda half,"
and inserting " sixteen; " which was agreed to.
The amendmentas amended was then agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS then expressed the hope
that the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Missouri would not be pressed now. The
question whether this canal should be ceded to
the State of Kentucky, or whether the United
States should ask a cession of the jurisdiction
over it from that State, were questions of too
much importance to be decided on without some
consideration. He thought it would be most
advisable to postpone the further consideration
of these questions till next winter, when he had
no doubt one or the other would be adopted.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the third
section of the bill was stricken out. [This con-
tains a provision authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to vote on the stock of the United
States.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to strike out the
second section, providing that the Secretary of
the Treasury should sell out the stock of the
United States, should the private stockholders
refuse to sell for the price offered.
Mr. HENDRICKS opposed this amendment;
after which it was adopted—ayes 15, noes 11.
Mr. BENTON then offered the amendment
suggested by him.
Mr. WALKER hoped his friend from Mis-
souri would not press his amendment. If pressed,
this amendment would be adopted, or not adopted;
and, in cither case, it would present those who
voted for the bill in the attitude of having voted
for it after a measure of which they approved had
been rejected. He was decidedly in favor of sur-
rendering this stock to the State of Kentucky at
the next winter; but, as others might not be so,
he feared that taking the question now would
seriously embarrass the bill.
Mr. BFNTON observed that some good effect
had already been produced by offering his amend-
ment, for several gentlemen had declared them-
selves in favor of it. He hoped to see the time
when the United States would own no stock
in a private company. Having accomplished
part of his object in turning public attention to
his amendment, he would yield to the wishes of
his friend, and withdraw it for the present.
Mr. HENDRICKS moved to amend the bill
by adding the following words: " and that, a sum
sufficieat to carry into effect the provisions of this
act be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
j appropriated."
I     This amendment being agreed to, the bill was
! reported  to the  Senate   as  amended;  and  the
amendments being concurred in, it was ordered
1 to be engrossed for a third reading.
On  motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the  Senate
took up the bill to prohibit the circulation, through
, the mails, of incendiary publications.
,     Mr. GRUNDY moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting a substitute.
!     Mr. CALHOUN moved to amend the amend-
ment by providing that, where incendiary publi-
i cations are sent to the States where such publi-
j cations  are  prohibited   by  law,   they  shall  be
I delivered to such persons as may be appointed
¡ to receive them, and when there are no such per-
! sons appointed  to receive  them, they shall be
Í burnt or otherwise disposed of, under the regu-
j lations of the Post Office Department.
On taking the question, this amendment was
lost—yeas 15, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Measr--. Black, Erovv.i. Calhoun. Clay, Cuthbert,
Goldsborougli, Grundy, Kent, Kins; of Alabama, King of
i Georgia, ¡Moore, Nicholas, Rives, Walker, and White—15.
j NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Buchanan, Davis, Hendricks.
j Hubbard, Morris, Prentiss, Robinson, Shepley, Southard,
| Swift, Talltnadge, Tomlinson, Webster, and Wright—15.
I       After some remarks from Messrs. MORRIS,
' CALHOUN, KING of Georgia, and GRUNDY,
the question was taken on Mr. Grundy's substi-
,  tute, and was agreed to without a division.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
; on the question of concurring with the amend-
; ment made in committee, Mr. CALHOUN re-
; newed his motion to amend the amendment that
i I had been rejected in committee.   The question on
II  this motion was also rejected—yeas 15, nays 15,
as follows:
|l     YEAS—Messrs. Black.Brown, Calhoun, Clay, Cuthbert,
|, Goldsborougli, Grundy, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Moore, Nicholas, Preston, Rives, Walker, and White—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Hen-
dricks, Hubbard, Morris, Niles, Prentiss, Robinson, Shep-
ley, Swift, Tomlinson, Wall, Webster, and Wright—15.
The amendment of the committee was then
concurred in; and the question on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading was car-
ried—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows—the Chair
voting in the affirmative:
YEAS—Messrs Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Goldsborough, Grundy, King of Alabama, King
of Georsia, Moore, Nicholas, Preston, Rives, Robinson,
Tallmadge, Walker, White, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Clay, Davis, Ewing of Illinois,
Ewing of Ohio, Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent, Morris, Niles,
Prentiss, Ruggles, Shepley, Southard, Swift, Tomlinson,
Wall, and Webster—18.
BILLS PASSED.
The following biffs were severally read the
third time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Moses Bliss;
The bill concerning the writs of error in the
courts of the United States;
The bill to confirm the title of Joseph Sorin,
alias La Rochelle, and those claiming under him,
to a tract of land in Missouri;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of William Ramsay, deceased;
The bill for the re'ief of George Dawson;
The bill to reward the enptors of the Tripoli-
tian Frigate Philadelphia;
The bill for the relief of A. and J. Dennistown
& Co., of New Orleans;
The bill appointing the time for the annual
meetings of Cong'ress; and
The bill providing for the establishment of a
depot of arras on the western frontier of Mis-
souri.
The bill from the House to change the organ-
ization of the Post Office Department, and to es-
tablish certain post offices and post roads, and to
discontinue others, were severally read twice and
referred.
The bill to extend the charters of the banks in
the District of Columbia came up as the order of
the day; when
Mr. BENTON moved that it be laid on the
table for the purpose of going into executive
business.
This motion having been negatived,
Mr. BENTON moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill, and make it the order of
the day for the day after to-morrow, which mo-
tion was also negatived.
On motion  of Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate
adjourned.
-----------------------------------
HOUSE  OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 2, 1836.
Mr. MILLER asked the consent of the House
to take up and consider the resolution on the
Speaker's table, reported some time since from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, to set apart
a portion of Saturday next for the consideration
of bills reported from the Committees on Revolu-
tionary and Invalid Pensions.
Objection being made, Mr. M. moved a sus-
pension of the rules; which was lost.
Mr. PATTON asked leave to offer a resolution
{ setting apart Friday and Saturday next, till one
o'clock, for the consideration of bills on the Ter-
ritories, with the exception of those providing
for the admission of Michigan and Arkansas
into the Union.
Objection being made, Mr. P. moved a suspen-
i sion of the rules; which was lost.
!               REPORTSFROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Captain
John Downs; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
ascertain, as far as practicable, and to report to this House
during the first week of the next session, the practicability
of establishing a navy-yard at ornear Great Barn Island, in
■ the straits called East river, which connect Long Island
sound with New York bay; the comparative advantage*
and disadvantages of that siteand the site of the navy-yard
at the Wallabout on Long Island, for the purposes of a navy
yard; the expense of erecting the works recommended by
Colonel Baldwin at the Wallabout, according to the plan
presented by that engineer; the expense of a dry dock at
eacli of the above positions; the expense of purchasing the
necessary quantity of land, and erecting buildings of equal
convenience with those now owned by the United States
at the Wallabout; and the probable amount for which the
lands, buildings, and other property of the United States at
the Wallabout might be disposed of, if offered for sale.
The resolution, under the rule, lies over one
day for consideration.
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of George Rowe; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of General Daniel Parker; which was read
twice and committed.
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS.
Mr. JOHNSON then asked the consent of the
House to move to go into Committee of the
Whole, for half an hour only, on the bill to
provide for the appointment of three additional
paymasters Of the Army.
