1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
f-
01 nction being made, Mr. J. moTed a suspen- '
s i i ot iV nib*   which was lost                             I
M- MiK VY movid to «set apart to-morrow,
1 \ n t 'I tv\ hi o\lock, tor the same pur-
\,' i h \\ \s 1 ^st
"\I \RI\E HOSPITAL.
Mr ^ÍTIGU 1" rose to ask the House to take
up tKe i> I! to , st-ih'iOi a marine hospital at Ocra-
cAi b-r m 'li ivve of North Carolina. He
would, with the indulgence of the House, state,
th*u this, w is r>ot onh of importance to the State
fron w íen lie caí íe, but to the whole country,
and ¡wiieuliilv to the northern States. Owing
to i'it northi tstfly winds which prevailed in
tint section, and the obstructions to our naviga-
tion, \is«¡eH wire not unfrequcntly detained for
weeks This \vm* in the sickly season; and for
wa it of comfortable quarters a great many «ea-
rn .i di d He stated that there was not a point
in the United States where a hospital was more
needid than at this place
The motion vva«i oopcted to; and a motion by
Mr S to suspend the rules for the purpose was
.ost
LOCISMLLE A.\D PORTLAND C\NAL.    I
On mouon of Mr GRAVES, the Committee
of the Whole were discharged from the further
consideration of the bi'l m nlation to the Louis-
ville and Port'ind canai, and the same was com-
muted to tne Committee of the Whole on the
sta e of the Union
DR    LEIBER.
On motion of Mr LOYALL, the Joint Com-
mittee on the L.brarv were discharged from the
m> montl and papers of Dr. Leiber.
REPORTS.
Unfavorable reports were made bv Mr. JAR-
VIS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs; by
Mr. DUOMGOOLE, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, by Messrs. CRAIG, KINNARD,
and MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, by Mr. MORGAN, from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions; and
by Mr MILLER, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
PETITIO'iS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were, on leave, pre-
sent, d by Messrs. PE\RCE of Rhode Island,
PIERCE ofNcwHampshire, SLOANE, BOND,
PATTERSON, and PLNCKNEY.
[Mr. Pearce, of Rhode Island, stated that he
had on hand a memorial which he had been
anxious to pre sent for the last three or four weeks
__a memorial of a peculiar character, and signed
by David Mellville, of Newport, Rhode Island,
complaining that h had been unceremoniously
reformed out of office by the collector of that port,
and praying that a law may be passed restraining
executive patronage. Mr. P. said a similar me-
morial had been presented in the other branch,
and there reft rred to the Committee on Commerce
—that he supposed wis would be the appropriate
committee here. Leave was granted to present j
the memorial, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
[Mr. Pisckxey presented the memorial of
Christopher Werner, praying to be refunded a
certain sum paid into the Treasury by mistake;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
[Mr. Patterson presented the petition of John
Morrel, of Richland county and State of Ohio, a
soldier of the late war, which was íeferred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. CRANE, it was
RetoUed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instruct '1 to inquirí into tlic expediency of allowing a pen-
non to Charles Young, a «oldier in the late war
On motion of Mr RUSSELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
non < he instructed to inquire into the expf dirncy of grant
in  a pension to Samuel Pettengill, of the State of New
York, for service* rendered in the war of the Revolution
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, it was
Retohei, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
nons be instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to Simeon Moss, of the State of New York,
far services rendered during the war of the Revolution as
•n Indian spy
On motion of Mr CHAPMAN, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen
sions inquire into the e\podituo\ ot pi icing the name ot
VV llham \\ il«on, ot Jackson counn, Vlabann, on the roll
ot rt volutionarv pension 
On motion of Mr KILGORE, it was
Rnoli erf. That the memorial of the President and Secre-
tan of the Franklin College, Oluo, asking aid Irom Congress
for «aid institution, be relirnd to the Committee on Public
Land-, with instructions to inquire into the expediency of
granting to said college a township of lind. to be «elected
in Ohio from any of the public lands subject to private
entry
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the House then
proceeded to the orders of the day.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The bill to change the organization of the Post
Office Department, and to provide more effectually
for the settlement of the accounts thereof, was
taken up, the question being on its final passage.
Mr JOHNSON, ofLouisiana,mo\ed to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with instructions to strike
out the sections, being 43 and 44, depriving the
postmasters of the privilege or perquisites of the
boxes or pigeon-holes.
Mr CONNOR suggested that it would be bet-
ter to let the bill pass and go to the Senate, where
the clauses could either be stricken out, or some
other provision made, to piovide a suitable com-
pensation therefor, or some modification of the
salaries of postmasters of large cities
After some remarks from Messrs. JOHNSON
of Louisiana, CAMBRELENG, LAWRENCE,
REED, MANN of New \ ork, and BELL,
Mr. JOHNSON modified his motion by in-
structing the committee cither to strike out the
provisions referred to, or to provide for the in-
crease of the salaries of the Postmasters of the
cities and large towns of the different States.
The motion was discussed by Messrs MA-
SON of Virginia, PEARCE of Rhode Island,
BRIGGS, EVERETT, and GRENNELL.
Mr. EVERETT called for a division of the
question, first on the motion to recommit, and
uien on the motion to instruct.
Mr. REED moved to am nd the motion by
striking out all after the word " instructions, '
and insert a provision " that the operation of the
said 43d and 44th sections bhnll not go into effect
until the 4th day of March next."
After some further remarks from Messrs.
REED, UNDERWOOD, WISE, LANE, and
JENIFER,
Mr. SPEIGHT demanded the prev iou3 ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House—ayes
67, noes 57.
The main quesfon was then ordered and put,
and the bill was passed.
NEW POST ROUTES.
1     The bill to establish certain post roads, and
to alter and discontinue othcis,and forothei pur-
poses, was then taken up, read a third time, and
passed.
INDIAN ANNUITIES, ETC.
Mr CAMBRELENG remarked that the for-
tification bill was properly the first in order, but
there was another bill, for Indian annuities,
returned from the Senate with some important
amendments, which was much more urgent than
any other, and which he hoped would be taken
up.
Mr. EVERETT hoped the bill would be post-
poned till to-morrow, inasmuch as it would bring
up a debate, and the necessary documents had
not all come in, in relation to the origin of the
Seminole war.
Mr CAMBRELENG would merely state that
this bill was sent to the Senate two months ago,
I and remained there unacted upon until the War
Department wrote and urged the Senate to act
upon it. If, however, a discussion was to arise
respecting the origin of the Seminole war, the
sooner it was brought on the better. The people
of Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, were suffering
for want of the passage of this bill. He moved,
therefore, that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union; which was agreed to; and
The House accordingly went into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Smith in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the current expenses of the Indian department,
for Indian annuities, and for othersinular objects,
for the year 1836
The following amendments of the Senate were
agrted to without a division .
" l*t Forthepavment of a clerk in the office of the Su-
perintendent ot Indian Affair  for the Territory ot W iscon-
ain, $800
" 2d For the payment of interest on an annuity of $1 000
to the Cherokee  by the treitvof the 24th ot October 1^04,
and which was not paid till the \ear 182o, $12 600, which
sum shall be paid in the same manner,and in the same pro
portion's, to the Cherokees ea«t and west of the Mississippi,
that the annuity itself is payable
"Jd Proiided haveicr, That no part of the appropria-
tion for the riondi Indians shall be paid to any Imhins
who have been engaged in hostilities against the United
States, unless in such change of circumstances as may in
duce the President of the United States to direct the same
to be piid "
The fourth amendment of the Senate was to
increase the item for locating reservations, and
certifying contracts, under the treaty with the
Creeks of the 24th of March, 1832, from $7,000
to $14,000
Mr BELL, fiom the Committee on Indian
Affairs, moved to disagree to this amendment,
and entered into a minute explanation in relation
thereto.
After some remarks from Messrs LAWLER,
GLASCOCK, HAYNES, TOWNS, CAM-
BRELENG, OWENS, BELL, and LEWIS,
Mr. LEWIS moved an amendment to the
Senate's amendment, authorizing the President of
the United States to appoint additional agents for
certifying and for investigating frauds, if he shall
deem it necessary
The amendment was discussed by Messrs.
McKAY, ASHLEY, GLASCOCK, LEWIS,
BELL, LYON, HAWES, TOWNES, and
OWENS
At the suggestion of Mr BELL, both amend-
ments were passed over for the present, and the
committee proceeded to the consideration of the
other amendments, some of which were con-
curred in
On motion of Mr. BELL, the committee rose,
and reported progress.
The Speaker having resumed the chair,
On motion of Mr. BELL, th« bill was made
the special order of the day from the hour of
twelve o'clock to-morrow
Sundry documents from the War Department,
on the subject of Indian hostilities, vveie oidereo
to be printed
The House then adjourned at a little before six
o'clock, p m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 3, 1836.
\ message was received from the Piesident of
the United States, by Mr. Donelsov, his Pnvate
Secrttaiy, in answer to the   resolution  of the
Senate of the 27th ultimo, requesting to be in
formed whether, in the opinion of the President,
an inciease or reorganization of  the ordnance
corps is necessary     The reply of the President
is in the affirmative, and refers to a ícport of the
Secretary of War on the sublet
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the message was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr RIVES presented two petitions fiom sun-
dry citizens of Virginia, praying for the estabhsh-
, ment of new post routes, which were referíed to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
I     Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH, from the Committee
on Commerce, to which had been referred the bill
providing for the employment of boys m the mer-
chant service, reported the same with an amend-
ment, accompanied by a report.n detail, five hun-
dred copies of which were ordered to be printed.
Mr DAVIS.from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a joint resolution to cause a complete set
of standard weights and measures to be delivered
?o the Governor! of the several States, for the use
of said States; which was read twice, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading
