1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
placed ontheKst of invalids at ruck rate of pension,
and under such regulations, as may be directed by
late. And it being a provision of the law that the
pension shall bo graduated according to the nature
una degree of his disability, all that was necessary
to :h-N ^raiit of an immediate pension tc General
Ripley was to ascertain the degree of his disa-
bility, in order to fix the rate of Ins pension. This
is also a rv¡í ilation of law. In this particular case,
from the >ery nature of the wound, although
General Ripley continued to discharge the duties
of his situation, he was not only exposed to great
bodily suffering, but he was also subjected to great
additional expense in the performance of his pub-
lic duties, by rendering the assistance of others
necessary to do those offices about his person
which, before the injury, he could perform for
himself. It was a disability which commenced
in 1S14, but it increased with the increase of his
years. The effects of a premature old age by
reason of his severe sufferings are now manifest
to every observer. He is no longer that active,
ath'etic, and vigorous man which he once was.
He has become decrepid, disabled, disfigured.
He is no longer full of health and of life: he is
enfeebled, «coru doten. And how has all this hap-
pened? The effect will find its cause in the dis-
ability which was incurred on the battle-field in
September, 1814. It was the wound he then
received, the suffering he then endured, the ex-
posure to which he was unavoidably subjected,
while in die way of his duty, that has brought
all this upon him; and shall it now be said that
he was not then disabled, because for many years
he continued to perform the accustomed duties of
his station? .Vo, sir. It was wise and politic in
the Government to retain General Ripley in the
service—his presence, his example,his precepts,
nerved the arm of the soldier, and gave energy
and confidence in the hour of battle.
General Ripley was, Mr. President, seriously
disabled by the wound he then received, and his
pension ought not to have been withheld on the
ground that he continued in the employment of
his country; and as it was not then extended to
him, it becomes our duty at this late day to do
him justice by carrying Dack his pension to the
commencement of his disability.
" menú the disabled officer to receire Us pennon «eWci
the law to emphatically awards to him, if he does not receive
it while in service ' Alter he has resigned his commission
and become a private citizen ? Certainly not; because it
must be borne in mind that, by the act of Congress just
cited, pensions are contingent and graduated, and that the
highest rate of pension for the greatest disability cannot ex-
ceed half tiie monthlypnyto which the disabled person was
entitled at the date of his injury."
The pension of General Ripley should, and it
must, if the Government would be consistent with
itself, commence on the day when the wound was
received—at the time when the disability was in-
curred. And I am, and ever have been, unable
to understand why the commencement of an inva-
lid pension should be controlled by the circum-
stance of application and proof. Whenever the
physical disability takes place, then should the
justice of the Government be extended.
" The act of January, 1812, was a compact, and case*
occurring under it were to be viewed as a compact; and
Uiey have no more right to cut off the pension than they
would the pay or the lands which they had stipulated to
give."
With reference to pensions for individual ser-
vice  in the war of the Revolution, they were spe-
cially created by the act of March, 1818, and by
the subsequent acts of Congress. The Govern-
ment had not been able to perform the contract, in
letter or in spirit, with the soldiers of the Revolu-
tion, and these annuities were granted to the sur-
viving officers and soldiers of that day, to make
up for the deficiency. All this is the regulation
by law. It was competent for Congress, in rela-
tion to this matter, to fix the amount, as well as
the commencement of the annuity. It was a
legislative provision to reward for service ren-
dered more than half a century before the adop-
tion of the provision. That was a matter address-
in^ itself to the high sense of the justice of
Congress. They were to make such an enact-
ment, in relation to this matter, as they might
think just and proper. They have done it; and
the whole matter is now particularly regulated by
act  of Congress.   This class of pensioners ought
to have their pensions commence when they shall
bring themselves within the provisions of the
existing acts. These pensions may be regarded
now in the nature of a debt, which the Govern-
ment must be presumed to be able and willing to
pay, whenever the creditor shall make out his
claim. But the act of January 11, 1812, declares
what shall be done upon the happening of par-
ticular events. It says to the officer, Join the ser-
vice of your country, and should you be wounded
in battle you shall be compensated according to
the disability incurred.
Entirely different, then, is the case of an invalid
pensioner; his claim arises under previous acts
of Congress, and should commence with the com-
mencement of the disability, for the best of all rea-
sons—it waifor that very disability which the legis-
lation of the Government was intended to provide.
The grant, then, should go back to the origin of
the disability, and should continue while the dis-
ability continues. This, I contend, should be the
policy and the practice of the Government. Any
thing short of this would work the most mani-
fest wrong and injustice. If there is any title
under the acts of Congress toan invalid pension,
it results from the fact of having been disabled
while in the actual military service of the coun-
try. And would it not be absurd to contend that
the commencement of such a pension should be
controlled by extraneous circumstances ? It seems
to me that any such practical construction would
be wrong in principle, and in violation of the
spirit, if not of the express letter, of the act of
January, 1812.
It was under this act "to raise an additional
military force" that General Ripley entered the
army of the United States. Those who knew
him in early life, felt a pride that so pure a patriot
and so gallant an officer had joined the standard
of his country, in that day of her danger, when
the most unhallowed sentiments were avowed,
both as to the existing causes and as to the prob-
able effects of a war with England. It was-when
dismay had almost chilled the ardor and broken
down the force of popular feeling, that Ripley
came forward and united his fate with the fate of
his native country. And from the commence-
ment of his public service to the time when he
resigned his commission, (a period of eight years,)
it is a fact worthy of all praise, that he was never
absent from the scene of his duty. A furlough,
a temporary relief from the severe hardships of
the camp, was a favor which he never sought,
and which he never received. 1 know this man
well. We were natives of the same State; edu-
cated at the same institution. His early and un-
changing principles; his habits of industry; his
known character; his high and honorable feel-
ings, gave promise of his becoming a bold, a
daring, a brave, and a humane officer; a pledge
which has been most faithfully redeemed. He
was first appointed a lieutenant colonel of the
twenty-first regiment—a regiment which was en-
listed by his untiring efforts—a regiment which
was second to no other attached to the American
army for the bravery of its officers and men dur-
ing the period of the war. Its commander was
rarely absent from the field of battle. He was
by the side of Pike, when that gallant officer fell
at York. He lead the advance, consisting of his
own regiment at Chrystler's Fields, and repeat-
edly drove the enemy back with the bayonet.
He was, without solicitation on his part, for this
particular act of daring courage, advanced to the
office of a brigadier general. He was present at
the capture of Fort Erie, at the battle of Chippewa,
and at Rridgewater, where his brigade stormed
the heights; and with Miller, another son of
the Granite State, at the head of the twenty-first,
carried the enemy's artillery. Ata subsequent
time, (in September, 1814,) at the battle at the sor-
tie from Fort Erie, General Ripley was severely
and dangerously wounded by a musket ball pass-
ing through his neck, while making a charge
upon the reinforcement of the enemy; and thus
terminating a siege of fifty-three days of constant
cannonading, when every day was a battle. The
enemy immediately after raised the siege, and re-
tired to Chippewa. But General Ripley remained
in military service, not only to the close of the
; last war, but to the period of 1820, when he sur-
rendered his commission of brevet major general.
Congress, on the third of November, 1814, passed
a resolution "that the President of the United
States be requested to cause a gold medal to be
struck, with suitable emblems and devices, and
presented to Brigadier General Ripley, in testi-
mony of the high sense entertained by Congress
of his gallantry and good conduct in the several
conflicts of Chippewa, Niagara, and Erie."
[ I have, Mr. President, thus very briefly ad-
verted to the gallant services of General Ripley
during the last war. I have adverted to the res-
olution above cited, to show the sense which Con-
gress entertained of those services. This resolu-
tion spoke but the common—the general senti-
ment of the whole country. No officer was more
strongly supported by the power of popular feel-
ing for his courage and conduct, during the war,
than General Ripley.- He was known to be a
brave and fearless man. He was known to be
ardently attached to the free institutions of his
i country. He was believed, while in public ser-
vice, to be free from public reproach.    The war
I  closed—the scene was changed; and the published
history of the times exhibited General Ripley as
a public defaulter—a debtor to the Government.
It was a record which could not fail to produce
among his early friends the deepest humiliation
and chagrin. They were slow to believe that he
could have knowingly converted to his own use that
which rightfully belonged to his Government, but
such was the declared fact; and his hard and well-
earned fame was stained with the false and igno-
minious brand of being a public defaulter. General
Ripley, from the beginning, most resolutely pro-
tested against the truth of this charge. His lan-
guage was invariably that the Government was
indebted to him; and whenever he should be able
to obtain a fair examination and an honest ad-
justment of the accounts, it would be found that
he owed not a dollar to the Government, but that
the United States owed to him thousands. We
hoped it might be so—that such would turn out to
be the facts of the case; and I need not say that the
result of the recent trials of the suits commenced
by the United States against General Ripley has
proved the truth of his declarations.
The bill, then, Mr. President, which I propose
i, to offer, ought to be passed promptly—it is but
i  an act of justice to General Ripley.    I have said,
II  sir, that no man has suffered more wrong, severer
treatment, at the hands of his Government, than
General Ripley. I repeat it, and I will attempt to
make good my allegation.    He was entitled to a
1  pension under the act of 1812, for a disability in-
I, curred while in military service in September,
|! 1814.    Did he receive it?   Was he placed upon
¡! the list of invalids, in accordance with theprovis-
! ions of that act ? No, sir. It was withheld without
right, upon the ground that he was continued in
the service, and was in the receipt of full pay as
an officer.    The reason is altogether unsatisfac-
, tory. The only question is not how much money
i he may, by some good fortune, be able annually
to earn, but what was the degree of physical dis-
ability created by the wound; and the pension
I  should have been awarded immediately accord*
: ing to that degree of disability, in pursuance of
'  the act of 1812.    But this was not done; and the
pension of General Ripley was unjustly withheld
:  for the reason stated.  Well, then, might he com-
'  plain of this act of injustice on the part of his
I; Government; but he was silent and submissive.
'' In relation to this point we are not without legis-
ji lative authority.   In July, 1832, Congress passed
I' an act " authorizing the Secretary of War, upon
'< the application of J. O. Preston, a colonel in the
¡ late war, and upon his making proof of his right
I to be placed upon the invalid pension roll as an
officer of the late war, to allow the said Preston
| the amount which would have been due him had
! he made his application at the time he received las
wound."   There never could be a case more di-
rectly in point than the one above cited.    The
individual was a most meritorious officer during
the last war; so was General Ripley.   Colonel
Preston had not formally, in so many figures ana-
words, made application to  the proper Depart-
ment for a pension, nor had General Ripley.   Jn
all respects the two cases are alike, and snouia
receive like treatment at the hands of the Uov-
erBHtnanother case which I will bring to the
