530
-4——t-
TlfEíCOJíOftflSSION^Ií ¡GLOBE
'i
June 4,
i.
anil fortlieirremoydw«stoAbatiiver,$675,330;" j]     Mr. BELL «aid a few worik  in explanation,
and addressed the committee at great length on || He understood that there was a large proportion
the subject of his amendment, and  on the gen-
eral policy of the Government in reference to the |
Indian tribes.
As soon as Mr. E. had concluded,
Mr. WHITE, of ^Florida, obtained the floor,
and addressed the committee at length in vindi-
cation of the Government in reference, especially,
to the course pursued towards the Seminóles in
Florida.
Mr. VINTON said, there were documents in
relation to this subject which had been ordered
to be printed, but which had not yet been laid on
the taoles of the House. As it was indispensable ,
that the information contained in these documents
should be in the possession of the House before
acting on these appropriations, he hoped the bill ¡
would be postponed until all the evidence was sent
in.  He therefore moved that the committee rise.
Mr. LAWLER stated a fact that he had re- '
ceived a letter only yesterday from a source in '
which he had the utmost reliance, containing' the
assurance that the upper Creeks were prepared
for emigration, were encamped for the purpose,
but were utterly unprovided, and were begging
for agents. He had also other authentic intelli-
gence to the same effect. He therefore put it to
gentlemen whether that committee were not
bound to act promptly.
Mr. VINTON replied that there was a sum
of one hundred and fifty odd thousand dollars
already appropriated for the purpose. Let the
Government then send on an agent with that; and
in the mean time the House could consider of the
propriety of appropriating more money. Let the
gentleman from Alabama accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Everett.]
The amendment of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs contemplated the forcible removal of the
Creeks. Mr. V. then withdrew the motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. GLASCOCK hoped the committee would
act finally on this bill without rising. He was
sure no gentleman from the South desited to sup-
press the fullest investigation, either in relation
to the national or the State governments, as ré-
f arded the conduct of either towards the Indians,
'or himself, he desired it. Mr. G. said he wished
to address the committee at length; but as the
gentleman from Ohio had the floor, he would yield
it to him, and he hoped that gentleman would
proceed. He had no doubt the gentleman knew
the contents of those papers.
Mr. HAYNES said the gentleman from Ohio
had fallen into an error. The amendment of the
Committee on Indian Affairs did not contemplate
the forcible removal of the Indians.             .   '
Mr. VINTON said he did knotf ihe contents
of those papers, and he therefore renewed the
motion that the committee rise, so that they might
be put in possession of them. Mr. V* withdrew
the motion at the request of
Mr. ADAMS, who said, that until that morn-
ing no information had been furnished to the
House in regard to the immediate causes of the
Indian war. Mr. A. then went on to reply to the
gentleman from Florida, [Mr. White,] and ad-
verted to the effect of the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BELL explained, that forcible removal
was not contemplated by the amendment.
Mr. HAYNES was at a loss to conceive how
the amendment could be interpreted to be intended
to go further than the provisions of the treaty.
Nothing like forcible removal was certainly em-
braced in it.
Mr. ADAMS resumed. The question was,
whether we were at peace or at war With these
Indians ? If the latter, force must be contemplated.
He went on to argue this point at sortie length,
and to reply to the gentleman from Florida. He
■aid no information had been furnished to the
House by which it could tell whether these appro-
priations were asked to carry on an offensive war,
or to carry into effect the provisions of a treaty.
In reference to the latter point, he quoted a letter
of the Governor of Georgia, which said the " In-
dians must be removed at the point of the bayo-
net." If this was to be considered carrying a
treaty into effect, it was a most extraordinary
mode.
of the Creeks wh.o were neither hostile or inclined
to be hostile, but were desirous to emigrate. It
was with reference to them alone that the appro-
priation was recommended by the committee, and
.no force was intended to b% applied to them.
Specific appropriations for the hostile portion of
the Indians had already been made.
After a few remarks from Mr. ASHLEY, the
committee then rose and reported.
The Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, by leave, offered a
resolution requiring certain information from the
, Secretary of War in relation to Seminole licenses
i in the winter and spring of 1825; which wascon-
sidered and agreed to.
|     Mr. BELL, on leave, offered a resolution call-
i ing for certain information from the same Depart-
ment in relation to the Creek hostilities.
'   Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the gentleman from
Tennessee would make this bill the order of the
day for Monday,at twelve o'clock.  Mr. C. said,
! on to-morrow, at twelve o'clock,hewould call up
! the fortification bill.    He could not help express-
I ing his astonishment that information in relation
to the origin of the Seminole war should be called
. for at a moment when this bill whs under consid-
] eratian, and when it was admitted on all hands
i that the Indians were starving, and were being
, driven into hostility.
\    Mr. Bell's resolution was then considered and
, agreed to.
\     On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the House then
adjourned, at six o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 4, 1836.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented a petition
of sundry citizens of Franklin  county, Ohio,
, praying for the establishment of a post route;
> wluch was referred to the Committee on the Pest
, Office and Post Roads.
RESOLUTIONS.
! Mr. ROBBINS submitted the following reso-
' iution; which was considered and agreed to:
< Resolved, *riiat the Committee on the Post Office and
, Post RoajUta instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Wickford, by water, to New-
port, in the State of Rhode Island.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
I lution; which was considered and agreed to:'
'     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office «ml
Post Boads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Columbus, Mississippi, to
Westport, Lowndes county, Mississippi.
Mr. TOMLINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Bonds be instructed to inquire mio the expediency of
establishing a post route from Westport to the academy in
Wcston,aiid thence, by the Stepney post office, in Monroe,
to Southbury, in Connecticut.                  v
|     Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lutions; which lie on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
| to report to the Senate the amount of money now in the
Treasury subject to draft, and also the receipts from both
customs ami lands duringthe raonthof April jiow last past,
1 as compared with the receipts from the same sources for
the month of March last.
j Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
i to prepare fioni official returns and report to the Senate the
i rates of domestic exchange and of drafts between the large
i commercial towns charged by the present deposit banks at
[ their last returns, compared with the rates of exchange, and
upon drafts charged by the late Bank of the United States
, between the same points at different periods.
!     BILLS   ORDERED TO A THIRD   READING.
¡     The following bills were severally read the
j second time, and considered as in Committee of
i the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
j third reading:
I     The bill for the relief of Nancy Lemaster,
I widow of James Lemaster;
I     The bill for the relief of Noah Brown, and the
legal representatives of Adam Brown, deceased;
|     The bill for the relief of Ebenezer Spalding;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain Charles C. B. Thompson, de-
, ceased;
The bill to allow a drawback of duties on im-
ported hemp when manufactured into cordage
and exported ¡,
- Ttie bilí for the-relief of the legal representatives
of Nathaniel Y. King;                                      .   -.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bogy:   -
The bill for the relief of Jesse Smith and others;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Gresham;
The bill for the relief of John Pierce and Daniel
Van Voorhis;
The bill for the relief of William Woodward
and William Mitchell;
The bill for the relief of Samuel W. Ruff;
The bill for the relief of McKean Buchanan;
The bill for the purchase of certain rights of
invention of Captain William H. Bell, of North
Carolina;
The bill for the relief of Henry Darling; and
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Haliday, deceased.
COUNT BOURTOULIN's LIBRARY.
The resolution authorizing the Joint Library
Committee to contract for the purchase of the
library of the late Count Bourtouliii, of Plortnce,
was rejected—ayes 16, noes 17.
At a subsequent period, Mr. Cur, who voted
with the majority, moved! a reconsideration of the
vote; which was agreed to; and the resolution
was laid on the table.
MARGARET MEADE.
The bill for the relief of Margaret Meade, ex-
ecutrix of Richard W. Meade, deceased, was laid
on the table.
BILLS PASSED.
The foflowingbills were severally read the third
time, and passed:
The bill to reorganize the General Land Office;
The bill supplementary to the act to authorize
the Territory of Florida to open a canal from the
Chipóla river to St. Andrew's bay, and from
Matanzas to Halifax, in said Territory;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Nathaniel Kennedy;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry Fisher, deceased;
The bill for the improvement of certain rivers
and roads in Florida;
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to compromise the claims of the United
States against certain banks; and
The bill to authorize Daniel Tyler to import,
free of duty, an iron canal boat in detached parts,
with the necessary machinery, tools, &c.
fJONVENT?ON WITH SPAIN.
Mr. CLAY, from the committee of conference
appointed on the disagreeing votes of the Houses
on the amendments to the bill to carry into effect
the treaty with Spain, reported that the commit-
tee had agreed to recommend to the two Houses
the adoption of the following modifications: to
provide for the appointment of one commissioner
instead of three, wiih the Attorney General; re-
ducing the period for executing this commission
from eighteen months to one year.
Ori taking the question, the amendment was
concurred in.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
The joint resolution of the House for the re-
pair of the damage done to the bridge across the
Potomac by the late freshet was read twice, and
ordered to a third reading, and, by unanimous
consent, read the third time and passed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to extend the charter of certain banks
in the District of Columbia was taken up as the
order of the day.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate at con-
siderable length in opposition to the bill; after
which he moved to recommit the bill with the
following instructions:
To report a bill to wind Up the anairs of ail the banks
now ensting in the District of Columbia, and to allow
them to use their corporate name and faculues for two
years for that purpose.
To report separate bill  for the incorporation of —— new
banks, with small capital-, adapted to the capacity o( the
Diotnct to sustain specie banks, and strictly limited to the
business of the place ; the said incorporations to contain,
among other provisions, the following principles :
1. The capital to consist of gold and silver, one half of
«acti; «tock, stock notes, notes of other banks, and every
tiling but gold and silver to be «¡xcludei from the capital.
I "*
