532
fHE ^oÑterftiissidífAft éLOfefe.
Juliet,
IN SENATE.
Movdat, June fí, 1S36\                      I
Mr GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the resolution  directing an  inquiry to be made
into the expediency of purchasing a number of
copies of Burr's map, exhibiting the post roads
of the United States, reported a joint resolution
providing for the purchase of 500 copies thereof;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr.. TOMLÍNSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of Job Wood, reported  the same  with
amendments; and also reported unfavorably on
the petition of Nathaniel Smith.
PETITIONS PRESENTED.
Mr. PRESTON presented the  memorial  of
Christopher Werner, of Charleston, South Caro-
lina; wnieh vr&s referred to the Committee''on
Claims.
KESOLtmOííS ADOPTED.
The resolutions lying on the table were con-
sidered and agreed to.
DEPOSIT BILL.
Mr. WRIGHT ga-ve notice that he Would call
up the deposit bill at orfe o'clock to-morrow.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills wéte severally read the
second time, ana considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
The bill for the relief of certain officers of the
United States sloop of war Boston; and
The joint resolution to furnish the rotunda of
the Capitol with historical painting .
PREEMPTION CLATMS;
The bill to extend the time of receiving the
proof of certain preemption claims, under the act
of 19th June, 1834, was taken up; when
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, moved to postpone the
bill indefinitely, and, after a debate, m which the
motion was supported by Messrs. EWING Of
Ohio, CRITTENDEN, and KING of Georgia;
and opposed by Messrs. WALKER, BLACK,
PORTER, MOORE, and KING of Alabama, the
motion was lost—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davis,
Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Kent, Kin; of Georgia,
Knight, Leigh, Naudain, Prentiss, Preston, Robum*,
Southard, Swift, Tomhnson, am) Webster—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Cuthbart,
Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, Hubbard, Kin; of
Alabama, Linn, Moore, Morris, Niles, Porter, Rives, Rob-
inson. Ruggles, Shepley, TaHmadge, Walker. White, and
Wright—22.
After some further observations from Messrs.
BLACK, and EWING of Ohio,
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to, amend the bill
by adding a provision that the persons who ob- ■
tain the benefits of this act shall be actually resi-
dents on the land claimed by them; which amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, offered an amendment
providing that this act shall not extend to any
lands to which the Indian title was not extin-
guished on the 1st of Jatiuary, 1832; which was
also agreed to.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the bill
was amended by providing that all assignments
be void; which was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER moved to amend the bill further
by providing that no witness shall be permitted
to give evidence in favor of more than one claim;
and that one settler, whose claim shall be admit-
ted, shall not be permitted to give evidence for
the person who testified for him. This motion was
agreed to; and the bill was ordered to a third
reading—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Ewing of
Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, Kin? of Alabama, Linn, Moor*,
Nicholas, Niles, Porter, Rives, Robinson, Kuggles, Shepley,
Tallmadge, Tipton, Walker, White, and Wright—21.
NAY6—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Ew-
ing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Kent, King of Georgia, Knight,
Leigh, MeKean, Mandam, Southard, Swift, Tomlinson,
Wall, and Webster—18.
PRIVATE BILLS/
The bill from the House for the refief of
Thomas M'Clelland and James Smith was read
twice and referred.
The following bills were* severally read the
third time, arid passed:
The bill for the relief of John Pierce and Daniel
Van Vorhees;
The bill for the relief of Dennis Smith and
others;
The bill for the relief of Henry Darling;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Greshamf
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Haliday, deceased;
The bill for the relief of William Woodward
and William Mitchell;
The bill for the relief of Samuel W. Ruff;
The bill for the purchase of certain rights of
inventions of William H. Ball, of North Caro-
lina;
The bill for the relief of MeKean Buchanan;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bogy-,
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Samuel Y. Keene;                                    ,
The bill for the rehef of tho legal repreaentatives
of Captain Charles C. B. Thompson, latea,cap-
tain in the Navy of the United States;
The bill for the relief of Ebenezer Spalding;
The bill for the relief of Noah Brqwnj*nd the
legal representatives of Adam Brown, deceased;
The bill to allow a drawback of duties on im-
ported hemp when manufactured into cordage
and exported; and
The bill for the relief of Nancy Lemaster,
'■ widow of James Lemaster.         <
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BENrON, the Senate pro-
, ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
1 after which it adjourned.
Johnson, Jvdson, KlingensmHli, tansing, Lapore  Logan,
Abijan Mann, JobMann, Sampson, Mason, William Mason,
McKay, Miller, Milligan, Montgomery, Morgan, Morns,,
Owens, Parker, Phillip*, Pinckney, John Reynold:!, ltoane,
Russell, Schenck, William H. Shepard, Slunn, Sickles,
Slade, Smith, Speight, Sutherland, Taylor, Tun ill, Under-
I wood, Vanderpoel, Wagener, Wardwell, and White—90.
, NAYS—Messrs. Adam , Ash, Bailey, Bond, Bovee, John
Calhoon, Cambreleng, Carter, John Chamber , Chancy,
Chapman, Clark, Coles, Crane, Drmngoole, Farlln, For-
ester, Galbraicli, James Garlaud, Gillet, Grayson, Joseph
Hall, Ilanier, Hardin, Howell, Hubley, Huntsman, Jabez
Jackson, Jarvis, John W. Jones, Kini>urd, Lane, Lawler,
Gideon Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewis, John Y. Mason,
McCarty, McKeon, McLene, Muhlenbitrg, Parks, Patter-
son, Patton, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Potts, Joseph Rey-
nolds, Seymour, Shield*, Spangler, Standef'er, Steele,
Storer, Taliaferro,Thomas, John Thomson, Vinton, Web-
ster, Weeks, Whittlesey, and Wise—63.
f?o the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
MARYLAND RESOLUTIONS.
The joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Maryland* recommending the subject of
the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public, lands among the several States .of the
Union, prespijled several weeks ago, came up as
the first business in order.
Mr. THOMAS, who was entitled to, the floor,
addressed the House at length oil the subject,
and in reply to the          '       .....
Jenifer! thereon.
and in reply to the speech of his colleague [Mr
yect
[Mr.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondat, June 6, 1836.
Mr. MANN, of New York, rose and said it
should be recollected that about this period Con-
gress was now in the seventh month of this ses-
sion, and that public expectation was already
awakened to the period about which they were to
close their labors^ Several efforts had- been here-
tofore made to suspend the rules to introduce a
resolution with a view to fix the day.of adjourn-
ment of Congress, and he would now submit a
motion to the Chair, which he hoped would meet
the assent of the House.
Mr. THOMAS asked the gentleman from New
York to suspend his motion for a few moments,
to give him (Mr. T.) an opportahity of saying a
fe\r words in relation to the Maryland resolutions.
Mr. MANN replied that he would comply
with the request of the gentleman from Mary-
land, but those resolutions would come up as
soon as the motion. Mr. M. intended to submit
was disposed of. Mr. M. then moved to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking up the
joint resolution of tho Senate fixing the day .of
adjournment of the present session of Congress.
If the House should consent to take it up, he
gave notice that he would then move to postpone
its further consideration till some early day next
week, when there might be a general understand-
ing on the subject.
Mr. BRIGGS remarked, that it was important
there should be a full House present on this sub-
ject, and moved a call of the House; which was
lost.
Mr. BRIGGS then asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, expressed a
wish that the gentleman from New York would
withdraw his proposition, so that they might have
an opportunity that morning to present petitions
and memorials.
Mr. MANN replied, that his motion would not
take up more time than the calling of ,the yeas
and nays, and he could not, therefore, consent to
withdraw it.
The yeas and nays Were then ordered; and on
taking the question the vote was—yeas 90, nays
63;no follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, neman Allen, Anthony,
Boon, Boyd, Briggs, Brown, Buchanan, Bur , Wffllam B.
Calhoun, Carr, Casey, George Chambers,Child ,JJatnnniel
II. Claiborne, Connor, Crais, Cramer. Cushman, Darling-
toh, Deberry, Denny, Dickson, Doubleday, Fairfield,
French, Fry, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Granger,
Grantlnnd. Grennell. Griffin, Haley, Hard, Harlan, Harper,
Samuel S. Harrison, Hawes, Haynes, Haaeitine, Heister,
Hoar, Hopkins, Hunt, I ngersoll, Ingham, William Jackson,
Janes, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Richard M.
Mr. JENIFER said a few words in reply; and
moved that these resolutions, and also the reso-
lutions of the same Legislature in relation to the
expunging resolutions before the Senate of the
United State , he lard on the table and printed;
which was agreed to.
The House then took up the proceeding  and
memorial of a meeting of citizens of Monroe, in
the Territory of Michigan, in relation to the
northern boundary of Ohio.
Two motions were pending — one by Mr.
Thomson, of Ohio, to lay the same on the table;
and the other by Mr. Adams, to refer them to a
select committee. The former motion, being liist
m order, was taken up and agreed to.
Mr. GILLET asked the consent of the House
to offer a resolution, that hereafter, until the
termination of the present session of Congress,
the House will take a recess at the hour of half
past two o'clock for one hour and a half each
day. Being objected to, Mr. G. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules; which was negatived.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were then presented
by Messrs. EVANS, BAILEY, JARVIS, and
SMITH, of Maine.
- Messrs.   PIERCE   and   BURNS,   of   New
Hampshire.
Messrs. LAWRENCE, CUSHING, CAL-
HOUN,' REED, ADAMS, PHILLIPS, BOR-
DEN, and BRIGGS, of Massachusetts.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island.
[Mr. Peakce presented the memorial of John
G. Clarke, and others, upon the subject of slavery
as recognized by the constitution recently formed
by the people of Arkansas. Also, certain reso-
lutions recently adopted by the Legislature of
Rhode Island, on the subject of the defense and
protection by fortifications of the waters of Narra-
gamsett bay, and its adjacent coasts. These reso-
lutions were, on his motion, laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.]
Messrs. PHELPS, INGHAM, and JUDSON,
of Connecticut.
, [Mr. Judson presented remonstrances against
the admission of Arkansas, with slavery in its
constitution, from a part of the citizens of Wil-
limantic, Windham, Plainfield, Woodstock,and
Hampton, in Connecticut.]
Messrs. HALL and SLADE, of Vermont.
[Mr. Slade presented the following memorials,
remonstrating against the admission of Arkansas
into the Union with a constitution sanctioning
the existence and prohibiting the abolition qf
slavery, namely: Froto, 296 males and 53 females
of Addison county and its vicinity, in the State
of Vermont? from 374 male , and 362 female 
of Starkboro', in the same county; from 103 citi-
zens of Hanover, GO males ana 44 females of
B osea wen, 59 eitirena af Somersworth, and *3
males and 70 females of Concord, in die Slate of
New Hampshire; from 39 males and 61 female 
