163$.
Tfffr C®^f*ItS$P0NAl, SLOBR
583
of the  State of Massachusetts from <Juy  C. ]
Samson  and   7 others of Goshen, in the State |
of Connecticut: from 17? citizens of the State of
Rhode 1 «tapd: a"d from 37 citizens of Philadel-
phia, and 32 citizens of Adams county, in the
Stnir of Pennsylvania.]
Messrs. CA.MBRELEKG, McKEON, RÜS-
SCLL, LEONARD, LAY, GRANGER, GID-
EON LEE, REYNOLDS, LOVE, WARD, and
H AZELTiNE, of New York.
{Mr.LcoKAftD presented the petition ofThoroas
Look, Of New York, praying compensation for
services in the war of the Revolution.
(Mr. McKkon presented the petition of certain
me re han is in the city of New \ork, praying that
the office of measurer may not be abolished; also
the petition of Amos liooke, a soldier of the Rev-
olution, praying for a pension.
(Mr. Rus jcli. presented the petition of David
B. McNiel, and others, inhabitants of the county
of Clinton, asking an appropriation for the con-
struction of a military road from Plattsburg, in
the county of Clinton, to Whitehall,in the county
of Washington, in the State of New York; which,
on motion of Mr. R., was referred to the Com- ¡
matee on Roads and Canals; also, the petition of |
William Gdlmnd and others, inhabitants of the ¡
counties of Essex and Clinton, asking a like ap- ¡
propriation for the same object; which, on mo- ,
tron of Mr.  R., was also referred to the same
committee; also, the petition of Ezra Wheeler, a i
soldier of the Revolution, praying to be restored j
to the list of revolutionary pensioners; which,
on mouon of Mr. R., was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions; also, the peti-
tion of James Lake and others, citwens of White
creek, in the county of Washington, and Siate j
of New York, praying the abolition of slavery
and the slave trade in the District of Columbia, J
■nd within the Territories of the Untied, States;
also, the remonstrance of the New York Anti- j
slavery Society, signed by Gerrit Smith, AU#n
Stewart, Uriah Green, Samuel Lightbody, and |
others, as the executive committee of said soci- |
cty,against the admission of the Territory of Ark- i
ansas as a State into the Union, upon an equal
footing with the original States, while the consti-
tution of the contemplated State contains a pro-
visión prohibiting^ the Legislature of said State j
from abolishing slavery therein.]
Messrs. PARKER and LEE, of New Jer-1
Me
lessrs. MORRIS, INGERSOLL, HAR-
PER, GALBRAITH, ASH, and SUTHER-
LAND, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MILLIGAN, of Delaware.
Messrs. JENIFER and HOWARD, of Mary-
land.
Messrs. WISE, PATTON, LUCAS, JOHN-
SON, and ROBERTSON, of Virginia.
Messrs. DEBERRY and BYNUM, of North
Carolina.
Mr. P1NCKNEY, of South Carolina.
Messrs. GLASCOCK and OWENS, of Geor-
gia.
[Mr. Owmjr s presented the memorial of certain
citizens of Savannah in relation to the custorjii-
house officers; and the same,on his motion, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.]
Messrs. HARDIN and BOYD, of Kentucky.
Messrs. The SPEAKER, SHIELDS, LEA,
HUNTSMAN, and CARTER, of Tennessee.
[Mr. Hoktsman presented «tertain resolutions
adopted by a meeting of the citizens of Wash-
ington City and the District of Columbia, pray-
ing that Congress would acknowledge the inde-
pendence of Texas; and moved that toe same be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
which was agreed to.]
Messrs. WHITTLESEY, SLOANE, STO-
RER, MASON, VINTON, K1LGORE, and
HAMER, of Ohio.
[Mr. Hame* presented the petition of Thomas
Courtney, praying a pensio  for injuries received
during tlte Jast war, whilst in the service of the
United States.
Mr. Ma  * prt en ed the petition of John
Kennedy, praying compensation for a horse lost
during the last war; also, the petitios of George
Thornburgh, praying compensation far a horse
lost «luring the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. Sto*i* presented the peuueo of-R . ,R«m
Frederick Reze, Catholic Bishop of Michigan,
claiming indemnity for services rendered by liim
iu the establishmc'nt of several Indian schools;
also, for improvements made by him nt several
missionary stations; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. Also, the proceed-
ings of the public meetings of the citizens of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, praying Congress to recognize the
independence of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreisrn Relations.]
Mr. CARR, of Indian .                                         j
[Mr. Carr presented the petition of William
Thompson, of Indiana, a revolutionary soldier;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.]
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi.
[Mr. Claiborxe presented the petition of Jo-
seph Royall, of Vicksburg, praying for a float-
ing right to a quarter section of land; the petition
of W. S. S. Dearing, of Tennessee, for compens-
ation for certain services rendered the United
States; the petition of the heirs of the late Jere-
miah Downs, of Wilkinson county, captain of a
volunteer company during the war; and the pe-
tition of many of the citizens of Yellubusha  nd
Carroll counties, praying for the removal of the
register'sand receiver's office from Chocchurna
to Grenada.}
Messrs. CASEY and REYNOLDS>f Illinois.
[Mr. Reynolds presented the memorial of the
Alton, Wabash, and Erie Railroad Company;
and on his motion the same was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. The memorial
states, that a company was, by an act of the Le-
f ¡stature of the State of Illinois, passed on the 16th
anuary, 1836, chartered and incorporated to con-
struct a railroad from Alton, on the Mississippi
river, in the State of Illinois, by Hillsboro', Shel-
byvilíe, and Danville, to the eastern line of the
State of Illinois, to intersect a railroad authorized
to be constructed by the State of Indiana, termin-
ating at the Wabash and Erie canal, on the Wa-
btmK river. This railroad will, when constructed,
connect the Wabash and Erie canal direct with
the Mississippi river, at Alton, and will then open
a direct communication from the Mississippi to
Lake Erie. This improvement is, therefore,.of
great importance to the State of Illinois, to the
adjacent States, and to the.whole Union.
The memorial prays for the right of way oyer
the public lands, and a preemption of the alter-
nate section of the public lands over which the
railroad may pass, to aid the company in the con-
struction of the same.]
OHIO, MICHIGAN, AITS ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEVIER asked the consent of the House
to offer a resolution to set apart Wednesday next,
at eleven o'clock, and on each day thereafter until
the same be disposed of, except Friday and Sat-
urday, to consider and dispose of the bills to
establish the northern boundary line of the State
of Ohio, and to provide for the admission of
Michigan and Arkansas into the Union.
Objection being made, Mr. S. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, and asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. PATTON moved a call of the House;
which was lost.
The motion to suspend the rules was1 agreed
to—yeas 137, nays 45.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the resolution by including the bill to extend the
provisions of the pension act of 1832; and asked
for the yeas and nays thereon.
Messrs. VANDERPO EL and SPEIGHT raised
the point of order, whether the amendment could
be moved after the rules had been suspended for
a special purpose; and, after some conversation
on the point by the SPEAKER, Messrs. SUTH-
ERLAND, SEVIER^SMITH, ALLAN of Ken-
tucky,; and CAMBRELENG,
Mr. SEVIER moved, the previous question?
which was seconded by the ^House—ayes 110 
noes not counted; and the main question was
ordered to be put.
Mr. ALLAN then asked for the yea* and nays
on the «doptiojt of the reMlüüon; whieh .were
ordered.      <                                                             í
Mr. DENNY aaJwdrforadiyisioB of the que 
tiof>;.iraton that ,-j ait ,of the resolution efldjag
With the biH-foMhe northern boundary of Qw* 
and second, to include -the two bills for the ad-
mission of Arkansas and Michigan into the
Union.
The CHAIR decided that the resolution was
not susceptible of such a division, under the
thirty-eighth rule of the House, and cited a case
nnaiogous.to the point.
Mr. McCOMAS appealed to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Allan] to withdraw his
amendment, and let the question be taken with-
out committing the House at all on the other bill.-
Mr. ALLAN did not assent.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution; and decided in the affirmative
—yeas 138,nays 57, being two thirds;asfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atitliony, Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Beaumont, Bnckee, Bond, Boon, Bouldin, Bovee, Brown,
Buchanan, Bunch, Burn , Bynum, Cauibreleng, Carr,
Casey, John Chambers, Chancy, Chapín, Nathaniel H.
Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee,
Connor, Corwin, Craig, Cramer, Crane, Cushman, Dicker-
son, Dickson, Doublcday, Dromgoole, Fairfield, Farlin,
Fry, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, James Garland,
Gillet, Glascock, Graham, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hainer,
Samuel 8. Harrison, Hawes, Haynes, Hopkins, Howard,
Howell, Hubley, Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham,
William Jackson, Jabefc Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Joseph
Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry John-
son, Benjamin Jones, John W. Jones, Judson, Kilgore,
Kinn.ird, Klmgensmith, Lane, Lansing, Lawler, Gideon
Lee, Jo hua Leo, Loouartl, JLooan, Loyall, Lucas. Lyon,
Abijan Mann, Job Mann, John Y. Mason, William Mason,
Moses Mason, Sampson Mason, Maury, McComas, Mc-
Kay, McKun, McLenc, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan,
Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson, Pattern, Dutee
J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew, Phelps, Pinckney,
John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Robertson,
Seheaok, Seymour, Agusane if. Shepperd, Shields, Sickles,
Sloane, Smith, Spongier, Speight, Standefer, Storer, Suth-
erland, Taliaferro, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Ton-
cey, Towns. Turrlll, Vandcrpoel, Vinton, Wugener, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, Weeks, and Ehsha Whittlesey—138.
JVAY£ — Messrs. Aclasis, Chilton Allan, Uemen Allen,
Bailey, Boyd. Briggs, John Calhoon, William B. Calhoun,
George Chambers, Childs, Clark, Cashing, Darlington, De-
berry, benny, Evans, Everett, French, Granger, Grayson,
Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Har-
per, Hazeltine, lleister, Hoar, Inaersoll, Jenifer, Laporte,
Lawrence, Lay, Lewij, Love, McKennan, Mercer, Milli-
ean, Morns, Parker, James A. Pearee, Phillips, Pickens,
PotU, Reed, Rencher. Russell, William B. Sbepard, Slade,
Steele, Waddy Thompson, Oncerwood, Washington,
White, and Lewis Williams—57.
Sundry petitions were then presented by Mr.
WHITE, of Florida.    '
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. STORER moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of making the bill to extend the
pension act of 1832 the special order of the day
for to-morrow week, and asked for the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. McCOMAS suggested to the gentleman
from Ohio so to modify his motion as that the
bills under the special order, already pending,
should first be disposed of; and
Mr. STORER then modified his motion accord-
Mr. HOPKINS moved to lay the motion  
suspend on the table.
Mr. STORER aaked for the yeas ami nays;
which were not ordered;and the motion was laid
on the table-without a count.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, it was
Resolved, That «e papers of Jesse Baity, a revohHionafjr
soldier, ba referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, to inquirí into the propriety of framing him •
pension..
On motion of Mr. WARDW^L, it was
Jtootofd, That die Committee oa is valid PwuoM «■ 
initrucu-d to inquire into ,the exneclisscy of allowing a
pension to Leonard Eawe, and that the accompanying
papera be referred to sala committee.
On motion of Mr. HUSSELL, it was
Rttolmd, That th« Committee <w Revolwioiiary Pen-
sions be instructed to Uiquire intOJfcj^I^wy^ -
storing to the list of revolutionary ^«MWWf^Wneew^
oNM Stlite of New York, wao w*#* wftflsr «* «in* sWvo-
iwnen.                           «i                           -■■_    '   '
.' Óá motion of Mr'..F.,C. P^BR. H **«
ti^clwei. That the GOarayfe  «« Invalid Pension  be
mwcuXta inquire into the fxpediUict *# ***. a pen-
sion to Charles Manger.
On motion of Mt. FORESTER.it was , .
JSnSsUa «he eipediency of-psyMS/iWs*™*..
