686
g3fjB),C^NfiiV«SÉft€mAí>'<í^QBer
Junf^i
KEPO'<T-S FROM COMMITTKES.
T'ie resolution reported by Mr. Oweü<¡, from
t'io Committee of Ways and Moans, to make
the 1 ill (No. 43G) to regulate the deposit of the
public moni'vin certain banks, the special order
of the dnv 'for the first Wednesday in May,
with the amendment of Aír. Wise, being the first
business m order on the Sneaker's taWe, was,
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, postponed
until Friday next.
Mr. PIÑCKNEY, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief -of F.
Rezé, of Detroit; which •was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. STORER, from the Commute* an Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Daniel Cobb; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. BOND, from the same committee, re-
ported abill for the relief of Solomon Ketchum;
which was read twice ami committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means', report**! 'Senate "bfll author-
izing theSccretarjrvof the Treasury to compromise
die cljums of the United States against certain
¡ocal banks, with a report to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and to insert -the H^use bill
instead; which *s?«is committed.
Mr. 1NGERSQLL, from thfl Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a hill for the relief of
Zarfiariah Tenmson.
Mr. 1. also reported a bill ft  the-relief of the
ow hits, .officers, and crew -of the private armed
brig Warrior, or their legal representatives; both
which bilis werexead twice and committed.
Mi. I. also reported the Senate bill entitled
" An act to alter and aroond the several acts im-
posing duties qn imports " without amendment,
and moved that'the bill be reajL,,
After some conversation between Messrs. IN-
GERSOLL, DtCKERSON, CAMBRELENG,
and P1NCK.NEY, the bill was laid -on the
Speaker's table for the present. [Mr. Dickersqn
had heretofore given ..notice, of a proposition he
intended to submit in the'fbrm of an amendment.]
Mr. MERCER.from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the Senate bill for the pur-
chase of the private stoek in the Louisville 4iid
Portktnd Canal. Company, with an amendment;
winch was eommiKed.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee <mi the
fudiciary, reported a bill for the relief of T. B.
Browne; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee «n Com-
merce, reported a bffl for the reorganization of
the Treasury Department; which was read twice,
and the further consideration thereof postponed
till this day two weeks.
Mr. LEA, from %e Committee on 'Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Jonathan Clinch; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. WARDWELL, fsw  the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a resolution)
that the several bills reported from that commit-
tee be taken up and considered on,Saturday next,
at eleven o'clock, for the space of one hour.
; Mr. MILLER tnaved to include jtlso hills re-
parted from the Committee on Invalid Pensions;
.which, was «greed to-,' and the resolution, as
amended, was adopted—.ayes 105, noes 48.
Mr. JANES,-from.tbe Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reportad a-biH granting a pen-
cion to Daniel Granger; also-a, bill for the relief
of MaryLunipkULi-boUi of wbichwere read twice
and committed."
Mr. RENCHER, from the «elect committee
^n the -subject, reported a bill to establish a more
«HBÍfwra rule of «ompuüng^irtilsagie.and per diem
compensation: of mamJs*ra <rf Congress; which
wan ro8d4wie&.
Mr. RENCHERm©*ed *i*t it be engwwwed.
Mr. JENIFER moved that it be laid on «be
labie' Dd priced) which was lost.
Mt. ^LNTON remarked that there wa  a pro-
vision in "thetill by whkh-members of the House
were to be paid, if absent "on leave." He
-moved to add the wordá "on the businm if the
timsti'' He was not willing that members who
Vf re.absent an their own business should be paid.
Pending this amendment,
Mr. MANN, of New Yotk* morod to port-
pone the further consideration of the bill and
amendment till Saturday next.
Mr. HA WES asked for the yea3 and nays on
that motion; which were not ordered
The motion to postpone was then agreed to
without a count, and the bill was ordered to be
priuted.
M,r. BOON made an ineffectual attempt to
obtain the consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the Senate bill No.
14, for the establishment of a land district in
Michigan, so that the same mightbc brought into
the House.
WEIGHTS AMD MEASURES.
Mr. SUTHERLAND asked the consent of
the House to pass the resolution providing for
the distribution of weights and measures with-
out referring it to the Committee on Commerce.
The committee, he said, had already reported a
similar resolution. As this one had already been
; passed by the Senate, he trusted that the House
tvould concur in it forthwith.
The resolution then received its several read-
ings, and was passed; as follows:
A Resolution provtdins for tne distribution of Weight?
and Mensures.
Restiívei by the Sennte and Houie of Representation óf
t*e United Stutt  of America i* Cengrta MseMHed, That
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and lie hereby is, directed
to cause a complete set of all the weights and measures
adopted as standards, and now either made or in the prog-
re*s of atntntfacture for the use of the several custom -
bouts an* for other purposes, to ba delivered totlie Gov-
ernor of each State in the Union, or such person as he
may appoint, for the use of the States respectively, to the
en.d that a uniform standard of weights and measures may
be established throughout the United States.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. MANN, of New York, then renewed his
motion to suspend the rules to take up the joint
resolution fixing the day of adjournment.
Mr. -PARKS pioved to lay the motion on the
table; which was lost—ayes 70, noes 85.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend; which were
ordered; and were—yeas 123, nays 71; as fol-
i lows:
YE.ÍS-"M?"s«b. Adams. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, ftnifey, Beale, Bean, Bockee, Boon, Borden,
JtouHUn.Dorce, Brngs,Btowh. Buchanan, Bums, By hum,
I William B. Calhoun, CaT, Casey, George Chambers,
, Chapín, JMathajiiel II. Claiborne. Connor. Corwin, Craig,
Cramer, Cu-hman, Doberrv, Dickerson, Dickson, Double-
1 day, Evan*, r.urfirld, French, Try, Philo C. Fuller, Wil-
liam K. FiHtor.GaiferaUlirGillet, Glascock, Granger, Grant-
land, GrcmioTi; Haley, If Hand Half, Hard. Hardin, Harper,
(Samuel $> Harrison, Hayw¡?. Hazcltine, Heister, Hopkins,
Hunt, Inscrsoll, Jughaua, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer,
Joseph John-on, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson,
Henry Johnson. Benjamin Jones, Jadson, Kilgore, Klin 
«lKinrtO, Lane, Lansmg, Laporte Lawrence, Lay, Joshua
Lee, Lo«pm, Abijah Mann, Job Marni, William Maton,
Moses ♦lat-'on, Sampson Mason, McCoirtas, McKay,
McK<!mvui,IV1eKim, Miller, Milligan, Montgomery, Worri ,
Owens, Purker, James A. Poarce, P«tt¡greW, Phillips,
Reed, Joseph RevnotdVRoane, Robertson, Rogers, HusseM,
Schcnck, Seymour, William B. Shepard, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Shinn, Sickle"!, Slade, Smith, Speight, Steele,
Sutherland, Taliaferro, Tavlor, Turner, Underwood, Van-
derpoel, Wagenor, Waid, Wardwell, Weeks, White,Lewis
William*, and Sherrod WilHam«~- I3l
NAYS -Messrs. A 1k Belt Bopd, Boyd, Bunch, John
Callioon, Cambrelrng, Campbell, Carter, -John Chambers,
jChaney, Chapman, C|uld,i,-jQnn F,-H. Claiborne, .Olflrk,
Coles, Crane, Cashing, Darluurton, Dromgoole, Everett,
"Farlin, Forester, Grayson,' Grrtfin, Joseph Half, Hnmer.
Harlan, Hawes, Howard. H'iwori, Huljtóy. Hulitiiipton,
Huntsman, Japes Jaelwoa, Jams, Johh \y. Joni>s, Kin-
pard, Lawler.Gidoon Lee, Luke L,ea,Lewis,Loyall, Lucas,
Lyon, John Y. Mason, Maury, May, MeCarty, McKeon,
Mi'Lane, M*rccr, Muhlenberg, Page-; Parks, Patterson,
Patton, Dutce J. Pcarec, Phelps, PotU, Koncuer, John
Reynolds, Sl« Ws, Spangler, Standcter, Siorer, John
Thomson, Toucey, Vinton, Webster, Whittlesey, and
Wise—71.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, on leave, pre-
sented a memorial.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
proceeded to the orders of the day.
IAND BILL.
¡Tbfi first business in order was the bill from
the Senate, entitled " An act to appropriate, for a
limited time, the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lw lands of the United States, and for granting
lands to certain States."
The following motions were pending:
1. By Mr. WitLUut, of Kentucky, to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
2.  By-Mr. Carr, to commit to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
3.   By Mr. Giu.et,ío commit to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The question was then taken on referring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and decided as follows—yeas 97,
nays 96.
The CHAIR, under the 0th rule of the House,
being entitled to vote, when his vote given to the
majority would make it equal, voted in the neg-
ative, making yeas 97, nays 97; so the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was decided in the negative.
The question then recurred on the motion oí
reference to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MERCER made a few remarks on the
subject.
Mr. LANE said he trusted the Hpuse would
reject the,proposition to submit this bill to the
Committee on Public Lands, in order that it may
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
This is the appropriate committee. The bill pro-
poses an appropriation of some thirty millions,
and it is the province of that committee to exam-
ine, to guard, and to supervise that revenue.
It has been said that the chairman of that com-
mittee is hostile to the provisions of this bill, and
therefore it ought .not to be submitted to his
charge; that the object of those who vote in favor
of the reference to this committee ist ta give it
the go-by, to avoid the responsibility of a direct
vote, with a full knowledge that the. bill will be
detained in the pocket of the chairman of the
committee until the close of the session.
So far as it regarded himself, (said Mr. L.,)
it had no application; he was ready and willing
to meet, by a direct vote, at any and at all times,
this or aBy other measure on which he might be
ealled to vote. His object was to refer it to
the appropriate committee, that i t may he reported
bapk to the House with the opinion of that able
cpmmittee, acted upon, and finally disposed of.
Then, sir, we shall be able to make some final,
some satisfactory disposition of the surplus.
At present, he should not attempt to discuss
the ^merits of the bill, and would, not point out
the good or bad provisions of the hill. But,-sir,
why talk of this bill ? why sacrifice the time of
the House ? why hold out false hopes to the peo-
ple? Is it to deceive.—to delude them ? For,-sir,
who-does nQt know—who in this House that does
cot believe, that this bill cannot, will not become
a law ?
M*. L. said, when itflhouldbfi inorder to dis-
oues the merits of this bill, he would claim the
indulgence of the House while lie should be able,
according to the extent of hip feeble abilities, to
give his views upon the bill aad its «fleet upon
the new States.
The debate was farther continued by Mesws 
-VINTON, TOUCEY, and DENNY,
Mr DENN Y moved instructions to-either com-
mittee to which the bill should be referred, to
teport the same on Wednesday next.
Mr. BOÜLDIN then addressed the House is
lavo  of referring the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and in opposition to the prin-
ciples of the bill, until the hour of one o'clock,
when the Chair announcedthe special .order.
FORTTfrrCATlON BILL.
In further execution of the special .order oí
the 26th of January, the House, on motion oi
Mr. CAMBRELENG,, proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for cer
tain fortifications for the year 1836. The bi}l was
reported from the Committee of the Whole, with
sundry amendments, and the question was on
concurringintheseamqndments. Thefirstamend-
ment was the following;
For fortification , Charleston harbor, South Carolina, an<
E reservation of the site of Fort Moultrie,$150,000, íacreased
y the Committee of the Whole to $200,000.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, ad-
dressed the House at length in opposition to the
amendment, and in reply to the remarks of other
gentlemen who had replied to Mr. T. 's former
remarks. He also took occasion to advert to the
jrecent speech of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. AdahsJ on the subject of Texas. Mr
T. replied, also, to Messrs. Evans and Towki-
