feto
fñü €bÑóití^sr<jÑAÉQ^óMi.
Jime€f,
An act for rh« admú*ion of (he State of Arkansas into
the Union, and tf> provide ftw the due exeentton of the laws j
of the United States within the same ; and for other pur-
poses.
The first"bill having been read, Mr. THOMAS,
after a brief explanation of the provisions of the
bill, which he maintained had become unnecessary
from their being embraced in the bill to establish
the Territorial Government of Wisconsin, and
the bill to pro  ide for the admission of Michiga 
into the Union, moved to lay it on the tabic   •
Mr. VINTON appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, as he desired an opportu-
nity of showing that the separate boundary bili
was indispensable.
Mr. THOMAS said: Mr. Speaker, the bill
before the House contains three sections. By the
.first section.it is proposed to establish the north-
ern boundary line of the State of Ohio, where
that State contends it ought to be fixed. The sec-
ond section is designed to confirm the northern
boundary line of the State of Indiana, as surveyed
and designated by a former act of Congress, in
conformity with the provisions of the law pro-
viding for the admission of that State into the
Union. The third section of this bill was intended
to fix the northern boundary line of the State of
Illinois, as designated in a survey made in pur-
suance to the provisions of the Constitution of
that State. It will be remembered by the House
lhat we have passed an act at the present session,
establishing a territorial government for Wis-
consin. In that act the southern boundary of
the Territory, and the northern boundary of Illi-
nois, are fixed on the line which, by the third
section of the bill before the House, is to be made
the north boundary of that State.
It is manifest, then, that the third section of
this bill is unnecessary; the same may be said of
the other two sections. The objects designed to
be accomplished by them will be attained, if the
bill next on the Speaker's table becomes a law.
By its provisions the northern boundary lines of
Indiana and Ohio are established, as it is proposed
to fix them by this bill. This surely supersedes
the necessity for any action on the bill before us.
It will be a work of supererogation to place on
the statute-book two laws, designed to accomplish,
in part, the same purposes, in tetidrm verbis. Be-
lieving this, and foreseeing that we shall gain time
by such a proceeding, I move to lay the bill now
before us on the table.
Mr. VINTON said he could not consent to
renew the motion; and he would therefore ask for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and
were—yeas 103, nays 103. The Chair voting in
the affirmative, the vote was—yeas 104, nays 103.
The next bill being the act to establish the
northern boundary of the State of Ohio, and to
froyide for the admission of Michigan into the
Fnion, &c, being  then  announced from the
Chair,
Mr. WISE moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill till Monday, in order to
proceed with the Arkansas bill.
Mr. THOMAS said he would call the attention
q£ the House to the position of the two bills on
the Speaker's table, and endeavor to show that
this postponement is entirely unnecessary. These
bills are.from the Senate.   By the rules of this
House two, I may say three questions, willarise
to be decided before they can become a law, so far
■aa this House is concerned.   We must first order
each of these bills to be read a third time; the
next question then will be, When shall the bill be
read a third time.' and the last question to be de-
cided will be, shall the bill pass?    Why, then,
should southern men now make an' effort to give
precedence to the bill for the admission of Arkan-
sas into the Union i   If they manifest distrust,
must we not expect that fears will be entertained
by northern members? that unreasonable opposi-
tion will be made to the admission of Michigan?
Let us proceed harmoniously, until we find that
our harmony must be interrupted. We shall lose
nothing by so doing;.' If a majority of the House
be in favor of reading a thiri time the Michigan
bill, they will order it to be done. After that vote
has been taken, we can refuse to read the bill a
third time, go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, then consider the Arkan-
sas bill, report it to the House, order it to be read
a third time; and in this order proceed to read
them each a third time, if a majority of the House
be in favor of that proceeding.
Let it not be said that southern men may be
taken by surprise, if the proceeding here respect-
fully recommended be adopted. If the friends of
Arkansas are sufficiently numerous to carry now
the motion to postpone, they can arrest at any
time the action of the House on the Michigan
bill, until clear, indubitable indications have been
fiven tha't the Missouri compromise is not to be
isregarded.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, moved to lay the for-
mer bill on the table, and asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. MASON then withdrew the motion.
Mr. LEWIS asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone the Michigan bill till
Monday; which were ordered.
Mr. WlSE advocated the motion to postpone
the Michigan bill; and the debate was continued
by Messrs. CUSHING, PATTON, SUTHER-
LAND, BOULDIN, LEWIS, SPEIGHT,
WILLIAMS of Kentucky, SEVIER, MANN
of New York, HARDIN, and VANDERPOEL.
Mr. BOON moved the previous question, being
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. VINTON raised the point of order, that
the previous question could not be moved, inas-
much as it had not been read.
The House refused to second the motion for
the previous qtfestion—ayes 69, noes 108.
Mr. ADAMS said a few words on the subject,
and stated that, when the Arkansas bill came into
the House, if no one else moved the subject of
the restriction of slavery, he should.
Mi. WISE, after some remarks, modified his
motion by moving to refer both bills to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with instructions to that committee to incorporate
the two bills into one bill.
, Mr. PATTON opposed the latter motion, and
gave his reasons at length against it. If his col-
league would so modify his motion as to refer
both bills to the Committee of the Whole, omit-
ting the instructions to incorporate them into the
same bill, he would vote for it.
Mr. BOULDIN said he agreed with his col-
league [Mr. Patton] in a fact too plain for any
to overlook, that both bills must be acted on sep-
1 arately, and that one must have the preference in
point of time. Michigan had it at that time—he
was willing she should hold it. His colleague
[Mr. Patton] seemed to think that, in the incip-
ient steps in relation to this bill, it would be well
enough to suffer Michigan to hold her present
position; but that, before the final passage of the
bill, it would be well to require of the House (or
rather of the hon-slaveholding portion of the
Union) to give some unequivocal guarantee to the
South that no difficulty would be raised as to the
■reception of Arkansas in regard to negro slavery.
Mr. B. was Willing to go on with the bill for
the admission of Michigan. He had the most
implicit confidence in the House, particularly
alludingto the nofl-slaveholdingpartof the Union,
that no serious difficulty would be made as to the
admission of Arkansas in regard to negro slavery.
If there were any serious difficulties tobe raised
in the House to the admission of Arkansas upon
the ground of negro slavery, he wished immediate
notice of it. If his confidence was misplaced, he
wished to be corrected as soon and as certainly
as possible. If there really was any intention in
the House of putting the South under any diffi-
culty, restraint, limit—any shackle or embarrass-
ment on the South on account of negro slavery—
(som* g«ntlemen said slavery, but he said ntgro
slavery,) he wished to know it.
If there were any individuals having such feel-
ing, he wished to know them; he wished to hear
their names upon the yeas and nays.
If there wereamajority, he should actpromptly,
decisively, immediately, upon it, and had no doubt
all the South would do the same. There might
be some question as to the claim of non-slave-
holding States to stop the progress of southern
habits and southern influence northward. As to
Arkansas, there could be no question; and, if se-
riously pressed, such claims could leave no doubt
on the minds of the South as to the object of those
who pressed them, or the course to be pursued
by them. Such a stand, being taken by the non-
slaveholding States, it would make little difference
whether Michigan was in or out of this Union
He said he would sit down, again assuring the
House, and the gentlemen particularly from the
non-slaveholding States, of his entire confidence
that no such thing would be seriously attempted
by any considerable numbers of this House.
The debate was continued by Messrs. MER-
CER, LEWIS, BRIGGS, THOMAS, and VIN-
TON.
Mr. BRIGGS said he was in favor of commit-
ting both these bills. They proposed to admit
two new States into this Union. These were
measures of the greatest moment. The import-
ance of the questions involved presents the stiong-
est reason for this commitment, where they may
have free and ample discussion.
The bill for the admission of Arkansas, it is
admitted by all sides of the House, must be com-
mitted, as it creates the office of judge and mar-
shal, with salaries attached to them. There is
no direct appropriation in this bill, but as it pro-
vides for the appointment of officers, who, if the
lawgoes into effect, must be paid out of the pub-
lic Treasury, it creates a charge upon the Treas-
ury, and requires commitment. He believed, by
the spirit of the rules of this House, the bill for
the admission of Michigan should be committed.
If it becomes a law; that State wijl send her Sen-
ators and Representatives to this Congress, and
they must be paid out of the public Treasury.
The charge upon the Treasury is as direct and
inevitable in the one case as in the other. The
amount to be paid to their representatives is estab-
lished by a general law; and when the State is
admitted, they will have the same claim for their
pay for mileage and attendance as the present
members of Congress have. This was a reason
which he had not heard urged for the commit-
ment of this bill; but he believed, if gentlemen
! would give their attention to it, they would come
I to the same conclusion that he was brought to.
i He would not raise the question of order, but
I desired to bring the subject to the notice of the
House, in the hope that it would influence their
1 vote. He asked for a division of the question,
i that the vote might first be taken on commitment,
and then on the instructions.
The discussion was further continued by
Messrs. BELL and ANTHONY, when
Mr. HA WES asked for the yeas and nays;
| which were ordered.
¡ Mr. PATTON inquired the opinion of the
Chair as to the necessity of committing these
bills?
The CHAIR replied that the bill for the admis-
sion of Arkansas, as it contained an appropriation
for the judges, would, under the rules, require
being committed; and that the bill for the admis-
sion of Michigan, although itcontained no express
"appropriation, created a charge upon the Treas-
ury, and came, though not_ clearly, within the
spirit of the rule. The Chair read a former de-
cision on the point, made in 1832.
After some remarks on the point from Messrs.
SPEIGHT, VANDERPOEL, REED, MANN
of New York, BRIGGS, and BOON,
The CHAIR decided: that, according to the
former decision, the Arkansas bill required to be
committed, and accordingly, if that bill required
to be committed, so did the other.
Mr. WISE withdrew his instructions; and the
motion to commit was carried in the affirmative,
without a count.
On motion of Mr. WISE, the House then
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Speight in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill entitled " An act to establish the northern
boundary of the State of Ohio, and to provide for
the admission of the State of Michigan into the
Union, upon the conditions therein expressed. '
Mr. TAYLOR moved to amend the bill by a
provision in relation to the boundary, as follows:
Insert the word " east," after the word " ArawB," in line
fourth of the first section. Strike out after the word " Micb-
i¡ran,"line fifth,all that follows to the word "bay" in tine
eighth, and insert, " to the center of the Maumee (Miami)
river, after that line so drawn «hall intersect the easrorn
boundary line of the State of Indiana; and from the said
line in the center of the said Maumee river, down the mid-
dle of the same td its mouth and from thence"-*
