tte
THE cmX>a885l0!Mt/!<^< R
June 8;
respect* the mating of certilieates on imported |
wines, were severally read twice and referred.
ISAAC MEA-NS AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Means and others,
late owners of the srhooner Elizabeth, was read
the second time, una ordered to a third reading.
ADM1SSJ0ÍÍ OF MJCHIGA2Í.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bin supple-
mentary to the act to establish the northern
boundary line of the State of Ohio, and to próvida
for the admission of Michigan into the Union,
was taken tin: and after a debate, in which Messrs.
EWING of Ohio, WRIGHT, WALKER, BEN-
TON, and CLAY, took part,
Mr. CLAY mowed.to.atBend'thebillby insert-
ing a proviso that the lands sold by the United
Stales within said State shall not be taxed for five
years after such «alt.
This motion was rejected—yeas30, nays 24; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. ('alboun, On , Crittenden, Davis. Goldn-
borou;h, G undy, Kent, Km;!it, Lsisli, McKrnn, Maiigum,
Xaudani.Prentis , Kobums, Southard, Swift,Tipton, Tom-
hnson. Wall, ami U'«b*lcr—30.
\AY¡5—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Ewing of Illinois, Ewint *( Ohio, Hendricks,
Hubbard, King oí Alabama, Km- of Georgia, Linn, Moore,
Morns, Nicholas, Nile?, Rives, Eobin«on, Haggles, Shepley,
TaHmadse, Walker, White, and Wnght—34.
BILLS  PASSED.
The following bills were severally read a third
time and passed:
The bill for the relief of certain officers of the
United States sloop of war Boston;
The bill to provide for the 4ue execution of
(he laws of the* United States in the State of
Michigan;
The bill explanatory of the act to release from
duty iron prepared for and actually laid on rail-
roads and inclined planes; and
The bill to establish an arsenal in North Caro-
lina.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILX.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate took
up the bill making appropriations for the Indian
department, and amendments; the question being
on concurring with the House in the additional
appropriations for the removal of the Creek In-
dians.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend-the amendment,
by providing that no "private contracts shall be
made under this appropriation, without giving
previous public notice; which being agreed to,
the amendment of the House as amended was
concurred in.
PREEMPTION*   CLAIMS.
The bill to extend the time for receiving the
proof of certain preemption claims under the act I
of the 19th «f Jwae, 1834, came up'on its third ¡i
reading.                                                                i
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, opposed the bill, on the I
ground that a great mass of fraud and perjury
would be practiced under it, and that the United i
States would be deprived of a vastquantity of its  j
best lands, to enrich those who had no claim what-
ever on them.   The gentleman from Mississippi I
who introduced this bill [Mr. Walker] could not |
possibly be aware of the extent of the frauds that |
would be perpetrated under it.   Mr. E. instanced
the vast tracts of valuable lands acquired from |
the Indians in Wisconsin, and above the rafts of
Red river, worth fourdollars peracre, that would '
be entirely swept away by persons who had gone
on them, to wait foreome such law of this kind.
The bill (he said) held out a bribe to falsehood, '
fraud, and perjury.    If it was a small matter, as
the Senator from Mississippi supposed, he would i
nnteo earnestly oppose it—he would not object
to giving each rascal who crossed fhe Mississippi,
his one thousand dollars in order to get rid of ¡
him; but the man who was disposed to defraud
the Goverement under this bill musí be a worth-
lea* rascal indeed, if he could not Make his tens
of thousands and hundreds of thousands. They |
had evidence enough of the frauds, that had been .
perpetrated under these preemption laws—some |
of these claimants would have no difficulty in i
swearing to at least a dozen cases.                        \
Mr. WALKER rose to defend the character
of the settler  on the western lands. He denied
that they were a set of perjured rascals.   They
wore as high minded and as honorable-a set-of
men as any on the face of the earth; and as little
deserved the imputations that had been cast on
them as their libelers on that floor. He did not
know where gentlemen got their habit of speak-
ing of these men, who, for honest integrity, vir-
tue, and patriotism, would compare with any peo-
ple on the face of the earth, unless it was from
the English and Scotch reviewers. Go back (said
Mr. \V.) to the period of the last war, and say
who ii was that filled up the ranks of your army;
who was it that defended New Orleans and the
valley of the Mississippi from the pollution of
the footsteps of the foreign foe, but these per-
jured rascals that gentlemen so vehemently deT
nounced on thai floor? In reply to the objections
■of Mr. Ewi>íg, Mr. W. said that it was irapos>
sible that perjuries eoukl be committed under this
Ull; because, as the evidence must be taken witlun
separate land districts, and before the register
and receiver, each settler would be known, and
no one of them could swear to more than one
case or personate more than one claim. Mr. W.
also showed that the tracts of country between
the Des Moines and Lake Michigan, and above
the raft of Red river, referred to by the Senator
from Ohio, could not be affected by this bill, as
all these lands have been acquired by Indian
treaties since 1834, and the bill excludes any
claimant who has settled on lands to which the
Indian title had not been extinguished before
that time, f Mft W. read the dates of the treaties
by which these lands were acquired.} Mr. W.
urged a variety of arguments in support of the
bill, contending that it would by no means extend
as far as was apprehended by the Senator from
Ohio; that these settlers, for whose benefit the
bill was intended, had a vested right in the lands
they had settled, relying on the faith Of the Gov-
ernment, and that it would be impolitic as well as
unjust to deprive them of the land defended by
their blood andt enriched by their industry, for the
pakry consideration of the additional two cents
per acre 'they would get at the public sales from
the land speculators.
Mr. MORRIS observed, that when this bill was
before the Senate the other day, he was not .al-
together satisfied with its provisions, and 'there-
fore did not vote for its engrossment. This bill
contemplated extending the time for making
proof of preemption claims under the law of
1832, extended by the law of 1834. Now, he
wished to know whether the Secretary of the
Treasury had decided that the claimant, under
the law of 1832, was entitled, whether the land
he settled had been1 surveyed or not ?
Mr. WALKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRIS thought that the Secretary had
decided wrong, and that the law of 1832 never
contemplated applying to unsurveyed land. This
law spoke of quarter sections; and how could the
settler prove a quarter section unless the land had
been surveyed? Mr. M. said he was for extend-
ing every encouragement to settlers on the public
lands, by a reduction of prices, as far as any gen-
tleman would go; but he was not in favor of pre-
emptions, a* he thought the system had not
worked well. If claimants, under the preemp-
tion laws had been prevented by any fault of the
Govern mentfrom com pfe tine; their proof, he would
grant relief in indi vidual eases, as they were sub-
stantiated; but he was opposed to any general
law, which must necessarily lead to great difficul-
ties and embarrassments.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, denied that he had
made any general accusation against the settlers
on the public lands. What he said -was, that
numerous frauds and perjuries had been com-
mitted with regard to the public lands, of which
their tables groaned with thefullestevidence, and
that these persons, whom he begged leave «till to
designate as rascals, would avail themselves of
the previsions of this bill, to perpétrele more
fraud and perjuries. The Senator from Missis-
sippi might say, if he chose, that there was hot
a rascal in the West; but be knew that inoumer-
| able frauds and perjuries had been committed
there, and their files showed abundant evidence
, of it. He cast no general imputation oh the set-
| tiers of the West; he considered himself one of
them; and it was natural for him to speak of
1 them as he did—in the most favorable terms.
Mr. E. recapitulated his objection to the bill, and
enlarged on the evils that would grow out of it.
He denied that the claimants under the law of 1832
and 1834 had any vested rights in the lands;
his colleague having well said that the act of 1832*
never contemplated applying to unsurveyed lands.
He agreed that the checks and guards in this bill
would, to some measure, prevent the reception of
false evidence; but not to the extent desired.
He had no sort of doubt but that an individual
might so disguise himself as to personate ten or
fifteen different claimants. This had been done
before, and would be done again. Experience
has sufficiently-shown them what frauds could be
perpetrated urxter these preemption laws. In
one case an individual settled on a tract of land
in the neighborhood of a fort, and the court had
decided that he was entitled to his preemption
because it was public land, though the tract was
worth five hundred thousand dollars. Suspicions
were entertained that the register and receiver
were interested with him; but this was of no avail,
as it could not be proved. Mr. E.said it was not
out of want of regard to the actual and honest set-
tlers that had gone upon the public lands that he
opposed the bill; but it was to guard against fraud)
perjury, and speculation, that he set his face
against it.
Mr. WALKER said if the term "public lands"
comprehended unsurveyed lands, these settlers
undoubtedly had vested rights in the lands they
claimed. This question was first raised in 1833,
and was referred by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who solemnly decided that preémp-
tieners on the unsurveyed lands were entitled to
their preemptions, because they were as much
public lands as those that had been surveyed.
To be sure, they were required to make their
proof in two years; but by omitting to appoint a
surveyor they were deprived of the chance of
doing so.
Mr. CLAY said, if there was any one thing on
which he supposed the mind of Congress was
made up when lie first came here this winter, it
was to put an end to this nefarious system of pre-
emptions. He had been informed by the most
undoubted authority that printed affidavits were
regularly soldin the market at New Orleans, con-
taining all the requisite  to establish a good pre-
emption claim. On one occasion the Governor
of Louisiana, was «ailed on to certify an affidavit
purporting to heve been signed by * justice of
the peace, Who he knew was one hundred and
fifty miles off; and on another, he was celled on
with the signature of a justice lie had suspended
from office six months before. While the sys-
tem was liable to such glaring abuses, he hoped
gentlemen would not agree to extend it.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, contended thatit never
«ould have been the intention of Congress to
extend the privilege of preemptions beyond the
surveys, ana beyond the civil organization of the
country; and it was apparent on the face of the
act that it was only intended to apply to-surveyed
lands. This act ought tobe construed like ail
other acts, by considering tlie whole of it, in
order to arrive at its true meaning. [Mr. K. he 
read the act.]
How could this act designate  quarter section
««the portion for each settler, unless it was in-
tended to apply to surveyed lands? If there was
to be a general scramble for the public lands, let
the poor honest man everywhere have a chance,
as well as these préómptioners. Let us (said he)
understand the grounds oii Which we legislate,
and not hold out advantages, as was done by this
bill, to lawless depredators, and who drive out
every honest man. from competition with them.
He considered the system under which they had
acted ever eince the preemption laws commenced
as disgraceful to the Government, and a«« reward
for the violation of the laws. He had not read
the review referred to by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi; but on hearing the extract read by the
gentleman, he could not but be struck with the
remarkable intelligence of the people on the othpr
side of the water with regard to their «pinions
of those persons he termed squatters. "The gen-
t laman was more comprehensive than he was in
his application 'of the term squatter , for he
applied it to the first settlers at Jamestown, to the
