lS36t
<ÉW bbtíátÉÉmmti&*ébáW.
**t
Filgrim , and even to Columbus; arrdheíkiáttlat
it wa* .«quatters who saved New Orleans', amf
would have conquered at Bladensburg, had they
been there. Now, he was by no means so com-
prehensive in las application of the term. Hef
applied a to those persons who had gone beyond
the iimiu of like settlements, and were wholly
reckless of the laws,either of God or man. They
were the non-consumers of the country, per-
formed no duties,either civil or military; ana led
lives without labor. They went beyond the civil
organisation of the countiy, for the purpose of
driving the Indians off their lands, and eventually
•retiring them by preemption; and had «habitual
disregard of all laws, human and divine, Unless
indeed it was preemption laws; and these they
only cared for because they enabled tli^ru to «ell
the lands they had so lawlessly acquired. They
took possession of th« lands, and wouid not
permit any man who went there to locate by
them, unless they were well paid for the peruais-
sion.
From the a.ct of 1333, it appeared .evidehtttha't
Congress could never have intended It to apply to
lands beyond the survey. There could have beert
no ¡possible motive for encouraging a tmtn'who
had gone so far beyond the settlements  s to leave
the surveys behind them.
After some remarks from Mr. BLACK in favor
of the bill, the question was taken on its final
passage; and it was rejected.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
The bill to regulate the deposits of the public
moneys was taken up as the order of the day;
the question being on striking out the original
bill, and inserting asas amendment the.substitute
recommended by the select committee.
Mr. WRIGHT (the chairman of the commit-
tee) said that his only object now was to call the
attention of the Senate to that part of the /bill
which particularly related to the regulation of
the public deposits in the deposit banks. The
other part of the bill, which related to the dispo-
sition of the surplus, he should opfcnrrwrefer-to.
He wished to call the attention of Senators-parti-
cularly to those parts of the. Uili on which some
unavoidable difficulties existed, in order that they
might suggest such amendments aarthey deemed
necessary. In the third section of the; bill the
deposits were restricted to banks, incorporated
by the States, by Congress for the District of
Columbia, and by the legislative councils of the
Territories. Now, there was one State in this
Union, the State of Missouri, which had no bonk,
and the deposita of this State' were nude in an
agency of one of the Ohio banks at St  Louis.
His construction of the bill was, that it would
prohibit the Secretary oí the Treasury from con-
tinuing this agency; and if he construed it in
the same way, he mm t select for the deposits of
Missouri some other bank, nearest to that State,
which must be some hank in Indiana* But In-
diana would probably have as much money de-
posited in her banks as the bill would allow them
to have.
Again: in the State of Illinois there was a bank
incorporated by the State laws, but it was a
mooted question whether this bank was income-
rated in accordance with the provisions of her
constitution. In Indiana, the banks were pro-
hibited by their charters from discounting on their
deposits, and therefore, being unable to use the
public money committed to them, they would not
consent to pay interest, in accordance with one
of the provisions of the hill. With respect to
the specie provisions in the bill, he thought it
«ught to have been mqre explicit on that head;
but, on examining the statements of the deposit
banks, he found that those of five of the States,
say Virginia, Tenneseee, Mississippi, Louisiana,
•nd Alabama, would by this bill be compelled to
double their amount of specie,or decline the public
deposits. This provision would not afTeet the
northern and northwestern banks, nor the banks
of South Carolina, because they had more specie
- than was required. The bill originally provided
that the power of discontinuing a deposit barik
should be discretionary with the Secretary of the
Treasury; but the committee had thought proper
to enumerate the cases under which deposit banks
might be discontinued; but in doing so they had
left the mtrtter Jtrflt dtorbttbl, «mi né wüfhedí this
provision to be made more explicit.            '        '
fn the first section of the bill it was provided,
that there should not be deposited in any one bank
an amount to exceed three fourths of its capital.
This provision, he thought, would occasion em-
barrassment to the receivers of the public moneys,
because they might want to deposit the public
funds they had collected at a time when the bank
had already received its full amount, and there-
fore be compelled to retain the'money, or to
deposit in some other bank. He thought, there-
fore, that the business of equalizing the deposits
should be left entirely to the Secretary, arija that
it would be better to provide, instead of the pres-
ent provision, that not more than threie fdnrths
beyond their capital should remain in'eaih bank.
Mr. WRIGHT then proposed an amendment,
which was agreed to; .providing that the deposit
banks shall render to the Government ail'the du-
ties that were requiredof the" Bank of the TJnitefl
States and its officers.'
Mr, PORTER supposed that the nldneys cbf-
lected in Missouri might be mantfgedlryan agency
of one of the New- Orleans batiks, or that Con¡-
gress might create an agency at Stl Louis.
Mr. ROBINSON stated that there Were sbm'e
doubts at the Treasury in relation tothe' State
Bank of Illinois, whether it was cortedftrtityriáH'y
chartered; but he'had no doubt but that the dif-
ficulty would be removed at the next session of
,  the Legislature.
Mr. HENDRICKS thought that the provision
of the bill, with respect to the payment of inter-
est, would effectually prevent ttie banks of Indii-
ana from receiving the public deposits, ■because,
being prohibited by their charters from discount-
ing on them, they could make no prqfila ont of
which to pay interest.
Mr. WEBSTER said that, as it was undoubt-
edly &f some importance to * State to h*V'e these
deposits, Indiana might consider it worth her
while to enlarge the powers of her banks. If this
could not be done, an amendment might be made
preventing this provision of the biH from applying
,to banks which were prohibited from discounting
i' «as their deposits.
!|     Mr. HENDRICKS, ia reference!; to Iad«tt*
11 enlarging the power of the hank* iatirt'J&rtjfillar
referred to, said that the difficulty w ! felt last
year, arid an attempt was made in the Legislature
foe that purpose, but that it had failed. lie wtruM
prefer (he said) an amendment, as suggested by
he-Senator from. Massachusetts?.
Mr. BENTON observed that the Senator from
New York had very properly Confined hid ex-
planations to one part of the- bill without turning
ins attention to another subject which ought not
to be in it, and which belonged to the distribution
land bilk But while he applauded the Senator
for bringing to the Attention of the Senate but one
subject at a-time, he could not agree, with hirn as
to the one he had selected. He hoped, the Senator
would drop the firsthalfof the bill.and take up that
part which proposed to divide the public nloney
among the States. It would be an unnecessary
labor for them to go on with their arrangements for
fifty orsixty deposit banks, when, by a subsequent
provision in the bill, they would have no money
. to deposit with them,oc so small an amount that
no banks of any character would think it worth
while to enter into arrangements for it. He, for
one, would neither compromise nor temporize
, with this distribution principle; the coun try would
take care of itself; and it would be found that the
, vaticinations with respect to ruin from having too
i much money would turn out just as did those of
the panic session about having too little. As to
Missouri, she was expunged front' this bill./  A
| j State which received ar.d distributed" more money
than any of the western States—a Sute.wb.icJ),
from her position and her safe and rapid eoiyi-
rminkation to every quarter, was the first in im-
portance in the West to the ¿seal concerns of the
Government, and from whence the paymasters,
quartermasters, surveyors, and Indian agenta, all
took their departure with their supplies of every
description, was to be expunged, from the bill-
He did not perceive that his friend from New-
York had taken up the idea, suggested by the
Senatorfrom Lotnwan , that the Government was
to establish a batik at St. Louis, under (he name
of an agency-, rofet^é'nvi-db^notWsVamf to
have a capital consisting of ** fcrnds ttrrtf gropeity
equivalent to specie," like the Distrifetr b'aifks.
His friend from New York would make no such
i proposition; but those who had charge of this
bill had better make ,it (o establish a bank at St.
Lpuis, or an agency of the Patriotic Bank of tins
city.
The deposit system had gone1 on well two for
years, though it had been prophesied over and
over that it would not work. Those'wlio had
made these prophecies had now the crJntrol, of
this hi , arrdPthoy had brought it in to rriake their
prophecies come true, for this bill was as much
intended to break the deposit bunks as if it was
expressed so on the fáfee of it. He was inclined
to think that, if Congress would let the system
rérrraiü as it was, thrrlgp would go'on well; but it
Congress undertook' tb:expungé the system, the
greatest dirncuMes 'would ensuev
Mi*. WALKER referrStf■ to the provision* in
the Constitution which would prevent her from
receiving ftny portion df- the surplus to'be dis-
tributed under the thirteenth-section of theib'iH,
and he .hoped tkvSr that section would- not be per-
mitted to remain in the bill. He,qpposedt with
gjce&t force aj d energy, the distribution principle
m the bill; considen ^ it to all .intents and pur-
poses a free gift,' for, from reaspns he stated, it
never could" be returned by the States. He also
opposed ¿he inequality of the distribution which
is proposed to be marie according to the census
of l§30w while Mississippi, having more than
doubled her population since thai time, would
not get mare than one half of what her present
population entitled her to, Mr. W. félt anxious
that the vote should be first taken on thedistribu-
tion part of the bill, A3 be considered it wholly
unconnected with the principal object in view.
If it should pass, he hoped that he* might be
permitted, as a Senator from Mississippi  to enter
on the Journal a calm, dispassionate, and at the
same time solemn protest against it,
Mr. WEBSTER replied to the objections of
Mr. Walke . Hethoogh^ that the postpone-
ment of the benefits of this bill to (he State o[
Mississippi, till she provided by law for their re-
ception, was not to be weighed against the general
benefit's of the whole.
Mr- BLACK, after, taking a yjew at eqnsider-
able length of the. surplus tW* would be i  the
Treasury, and the neqesstfy fpfpxbyfding some
mode of ^«posing of ft  And referring ais  to the
distribution land bill, whicji ,Ue highly com-
mended, gave it as bis opinión that the great ben-
efits to be derived from this bill were such that,
though a Representative of Mississippi, he must
give it his .support. He did not^-however, appre-
hend the difficulties-stated by his colleague,for he
believed that the Legislature of his State would
■make~such provision  as eventually to entitle her
to the benefits of this bill; and in the mean time
she would not be injured by the other States re-
ceiving their quotas, while hers remained waiting
for her disposal.        ,,                                    , •
Mr. CALHOUN denied that this was intended
as a distributionbilli—it was in good faith a; depo-
sit bill, and nothing- more. Gentlemen or  all
sides (he said) admitted thattliere would be a. very
large surplus at the end of the'year, and that it
would jcontinue to increase for two or three years
to come. Now he put ittogentlemen, could they
consider this vast .sum safe as it was? Was
there not a necessity for depositing it somewhere ?
and where could that be so safely done as in ffce
treasuries of. the States .>' If the Government was
only economically administered, the money would
erohahly never be called for; but if there should
a war, or if the revenue of 1843 should fell short,
■ the States would pay it without the slightest dif-
ficulty, rather than have a direct tax, as ¿he events
of the last war proved.   Mr. C~WRUe4 Jp *e
' objections of Mr. Walmb.as to the «equalizer
, the distribution, by saying that rt was, proposed
ia the only way that it could be made; that is,on
the principle on wfcicb the direct^ taxes would
! have to be levied; so that, if MississippiJost now,
. she would have a corresponding gain, when * di-
rect tax came,        .,         ',' #'   /V-     - '  i   „
*    After some further remarks, Mr. C. moveu an
" adjournment; but before the question was taken,
Mr  BENTON gave notice that he would on
