m
rmmmzmumb «Mtffl
to-morrow ask leave to bring in a bill to establish
the currency of the Constitution.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thürsdat, June 9, 1836.
Mr. WEBSTER asked the consent of the
House to takeupand consider, until eleven o 'clock,
the bill from the Senate, entitled " A bill amend-
atory ol the act for the continuation of the Cum-
berland road."
The bill was engrossed, and the question was
on its passage.
Mr. EVANS objecting,
Mr. WEBSTER moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to
amend the motion by including the following:
A bill granting the right of way through the public lands
to tlie New Orleans and Nashville Railroad Company.
The amendm«nt was lost..
The motion of Mr. Webster was then rejected
—aye* 96, noes 55.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported the following
Senate bills, without amendment:
A bill for the appointment of additional sur-
geons in the Army;
A bill making appropriations for the collection
of materials, the purchase of sites, for the con-
struction of certain fortifications, and for other
purposes; and
A bill for the establishment of a depot of arms
on the western frontier of the State of Missouri;
which bills were severally committed.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Robert
McBnde-, which was read twice and committed.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting pensions to certain persons
therein named; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Comfnittee on
Commerce, moved that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of the following
bills:
1.  A bill making appropriations for building
light-houses, light-boats, beacon-lights, buoys,
and making surveys for 1836.
2.  A bill making appropriations for the ¡im-
provement of certain harbors therein mentioned,
for the year 1836, and that the said bills be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DARLINGTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for tie relief of Chris-
'topher Wennen; arid '~'
A bill for the relief of Dr. David H. Maxey;
both of which were severally read twice, and
committed.
Mr. BEAUMONT, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the administrator of Wharton Hearne;
Which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported Senate bill for the relief of Jo-
seph Boge, with an amendment recommending
that the second section of said bill be stricken
out; which was committed.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, moved to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the bill No. 484, and that the same
be recommitted to the standing committee; which
was agreed to.
Mr. GILLET, then, from that committee, re-
ported a bill of the same title, ns follows: " A bill
to fix the number and compensation of officers of
the customs, and to alter certain collection dis-
tricts, and for other purposes;" which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. DOUBLEDAY, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to Alexander Esther; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported Senate biH,
without amendment, for the relief of Colonel
William Eaton; which was committed.
On motion of Mr. BOON, the Committee) of
the Whole was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill to divide the Green Bay land
district, Michigan; and the same being brought
into the House was, on motion of Mr. BOON,
by unanimous consent, taken up; and having
been read through by the Clerk,
Mr. BRIGGS said, as the bill involved an ap-
propriation, it must be considered in Committee
of the Whole.
The Chair having so decided,
Mr. BOON moved that the bill be committed
accordingly; which was agreed to; and on Mr.
B.'s motion, by general consent, the House went
into Committee of the Whole thereon, (Mr.
Dickerson in the chair,) and the bil] having been
considered, was reported to the House without
amendment, and then read a third time and
passed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported, without amendment, a
bill from the Senate for the relief of William Con-
way, deceased; which was committed.
Mr. JARV1S, from the select committee on
public buildings, reported a joint resolution for
the appointment of a joint committee to contract
with one or more American artists for the execu-
tion of four historical paintings, to be placed in
the vacant panels of the rotunda of the Capitol;
which, under the rule, lies over one day for con-
sideration.
Mr. J. moved that the resolution be then read;
] which was objected to; and a motion made by
the same gentleman to suspend the rules for the
purpose was disagreed  to—ayes 89, noes not
counted.
MICHIGAN AND ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEVIER then called for the orders of the
day, (the special order being the Michigan and
Arkansas bills.)
1 Mr. HARDIN moved to take up the bill, laid
on the table yesterday, entitled "An act to settle
and establish the northern boundary line at the
State of Ohio."
The CHAIR said the motion was not then in
order, on the ground that the special order took
precedence, and could only be set aside by a vote
of two thirds of the House.
Mr. STORER took an appeal from that decis-
ion, and stated the grounds of that appeal.
The appeal wss also sustained by Mr. VIN-
TON; and the CHAIR having stated the grounds
of his decision,
Mr. VANDERPOEL mored to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. STORER then withdrew the appeal, as he
«aid he was satisfied, from the Chair's explana-
tion, that the decision of the Chair was correct.
On notion of Mr. THOMAS, the House then
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of theUnion, (Mr. Speight m the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the bill,
entitled "An act to establish the northern bound-
ary of the State of Ohio, and to provide for the
I admission of the State of Michigan into the Union,
upon the conditions therein expressed."
I     The question pending was the followingamend-
ment, moved by Mr. VnrroN, to come in at the
1 end of the second section:
And provided also, and it is hereby further etpresely
declared, that if the convention provided for in the third
•ection of this act shall not give the assent therein required,
the boundaries of the States of Ohio and Indiana shall,
nevertheless, be and forever remain fixed and established
[ between them and Michigan as the same are in tbu act
above specified and described.
I And the proposition of Mr. Hanttegan to
amend the amendment by striking but the word
i " Indiana."
I Mr. EVERETT, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee at length; and the debate
was further continued by Messrs. HOWARD
| and BOND.
i     The latter gentleman gave Way temporarily;
¡ when the committee rose, arid the Speaker hav-
I in  resumed the chair,
' On motion of Mr. BELL, an amendment e-f the
Senate to an amendment of the House to* the In-
h dian annuity bil! was concurred in, and the House
' again went into committee.           '
'     The debate was further continued by MeWs.
I BOND, HARPER, and LOVE.          *
Mr. HANNEGAN then withdrew his amend*
ment, and stated that he should vote a ainst the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio".
Mr. ADAMS took the floor, and spoke at length
in opposition to all that part of the bill prescrib-
ing the boundary, and the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. CORWIN, and Mr. WHITTLESEY ol
Ohio, followed in reply; and the debate was fur-
ther continued by Mr. PE ARCE of Rhode Island,
who addressed the committee at length.
The debate was further continued by Messrs
VINTON, HAMER, WEBSTER, THOMAS*.
SPANGLER, and STORER; when
Mr. STORER moved (about nine o'clock, p.
m.) that the committee rise; which was lost__
ayes 45, noes 79.
Mr. STORER concluded his remarks; and the
discussion was further continued by Messrs.
HUNTSMAN, McKEON, and KINNARD;
when
Tlié amendment of Mr. Vinton was rejected
without a count.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to strike out the
following from the fourth section of the bill:
But that the subject of the public lands, and the inter-
ests Which may be given to the said State therein, ¡-hall be
regulated by future action between Congress, on the part ol
the United States, and the said State, or the authorities
thereof.
The motion was lost.
Mr. PHILLIPS then moved that the commit-
tee rise, (half past twelve, p. m.,) and the tellers
reporting—ayes 17, noes 92, no quorum—the
committee rose and reported that fact to the
House.
The Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. REED moved an adjournment.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were —yeas 25, nays
98.
A quorum beingfound in attendance, the House
again went into committee, and proceeded to the
consideration of the bill for the admission of Ark-
ansas into the Union; which was read.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of South Carolina, moved
an amendment to reduce the salaries of the judges
to $1,500 per annum, but subsequently withdrew
it.
Mr. SPANGLER moved that the committee
rise; and the tellers reporting—yeas 15, nays 95,
no quorum—                                            •'
The committee rose and reported that fact to
the House.
Mr. PARKS moved a call of the House.
Mr. PARKER moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. HANNEGAN called for the yeas and
nays, but subsequently withdrew the call, and
the motion to adjourn was negatived.
The call of the House was then proceeded in
through all the stages, some members having been
sent for by order of the House; when, at about
half past four, a. m., the further proceedings of
the call were dispensed with, having occupied
several hours,
The House went again into committee, (Mr
Speight still in the chair,) and the debate on the
Arkansas bill was continued by
Messrs. ADAMS, WISE, BRIGGS, and
CUSHING, who gave way at a quarter before
six o'clock, a. m., to
Mr. MERCER, who moved that the commit-
tee rise; which was lost'-ayes 53, noes 86.
Mr. CUSHING concluded his remarks, and
the debate was continued by Messrs. HARD,
HOAR, WISE, and ADAMS.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the committee rise;
which was lost—ayes 44, noes 93.
Mr. ADAMS moved to insert the following
words in italics, in the eighth section:
And nothing in this art shall be construed as an assent
lit Congress to the article in the constitution of the raid
Stat*, in relation to tlavery or the emancipation of tlat*>,
fcc;
Which was negatived—ayes 3á, noes 98.
Mr. HARLAN moved an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Amend in section fifth, tine thud, by striking out tav
thousand, and inserting one ihoiuandfiit hundred. In lourth
line, add after the word Ais, the words acceptance of the, so
as to make the section read as follows:
Ssc. 5. Jlni bo it farther enacted, Thai there shall >>e
1 allowed to the judge of the laid district coart tta* annual
