1836.
TUS^NflBffSSKffiAl, $í$ #$-
£43
compeannoa of• UavukW fiM hméni dollars, to com-
mence Irani th« date of his «recatonee «^ i*« appointment,
to be paid quarter }tart>, at the Treasury of the Umtid
Mate 
Mr H. remarked, that in submitting this
amendment for consideration, is wji not his in-
tention to detain the committee at this eaily ¡bur
in the morning-. He asked the indulgence of the
committee, however, to make a very brief expla-
nation of his object in offering the amendment.
The bill provides for the appointment of a dis-
trict judge, at an annual salary of $2,000, to
commence from the dale of his appointmtnt. The
amendment proposed by him reduces the salary
to $1.500 per annum, to commence from the dale
of the acceptance of the office.
There are now three judges in Arkansas, who
perform all the business of the Territory at a sal-
ary of $1,200 each; but when it becomes a State,
nearly the whole of the business will be per-
formed by the State courts. The present judges
have very extensive circuits, and necessarily
spend much of their time and money in travel-
ing to different parts of the Territory. No
complaint has been heard from them of the inad-
equacy of their compensation.
The compensation proposed by the bill to be
given to the district judge exceeds that given to
the same officer in many of the States of this
Union. The district judge in each of the States
of Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Del-
aware, Tennessee, and Kentucky,recen ed an an-
nual compensation of $1,500, in Vermont and
Missouri, $1,200; and in New Hampshire, Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, $1,000. It is not pretended
that the duties to be performed by the district
judge of Arkansas will be more laborious or
difficult than in either of the States above men-
tioned. Why then the disproportion in the
compensation'
It seems to me (said Mr. H.) that there is a
concerted movement, by many of the officers of
this Government, to procure an increase of their ,
•alanés. The army of clerks in tb  city have
moved in solid column to effect that object. The
honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son-,] who has heretofore been so generally uni-
form lit his opposition to an increase of salaries,
and the extravagant expenditure of the public
money, has reported a bill from the Committee
or Ways and Means, reducing the number of
clerks from three hundred and sixty-six to three
hundred and twenty-one, and giving to the latter
about eighty thousand dollars annually, more
than were paid to the former number. If this be
one of the modes of distubuting the surplus
•money in the Treasury, it will not obtain my
assent. The offices ot the Federal Government
at the present salaries are sought after with much
avidity, but whenever it is ascertained that the
ser wees of persons competerá to discharge the
duties cannot be obtained at the present salaries,
then, and not till then-, will be the proper time to
increase them.
I object (said Mr. H.) to that portion of this bill
which provides that the salary of the judge to be
appointed shall commence from the dmtt of the
appointment. If the amendment which 1 have had
the honor to propose prevails, the salary will
commence from the time of the acceptance of the
office, instead of from the dole oí the commission.
The presumption is, that a citizen of Arkansas
will receive the appointment. Several months
will necessarily elapse from the time of signing
the commission by the President, to the accept-
ance by the appointee. During that time the
judge is to be paid—and for what ? He not only
will not have rendered any service, but will be
whollyignorant of his appointment. If one who
is now in the pay of the Government should be
appointed, he will receive his salary to the date
of his resignation, and be entitled by this bill to
receive the salary of the new office from the date
of the commission,. It seems to me, that the
compensation of an officer ought to commence
from the time he intimates his readiness to engage
in the public service, by accepting an appoint-
ment, and not from the time the President decide 
on the appointment.
Tiie amendment was rejected—ayes 32, noes
not counted.
The Arkansas bill was then laid aside, and the
committee took up the supplementary bill for the
admission of Arkansas into the Union, and for
other purposes.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, moved that the com-
mittee rise, and report the two Michigan and
Arkansas bills to the House.                                    '
Considerable confusion arose as to whether the
Michigan bill had been ordered to be leported to
the House, or merely laid aside and was still open
to amendment.
Mr. MASON withdrew his motion; and
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved an amendment
prescribing certain other conditions on which
Michigan should be received into the Union, being
five in number, which, after a few words from
Mr. BOON, was negatived.
Mr. MAisON, of Virginia, then renewed his
motion to report the bills to the House.
Mr. SLADE offered the following amendment:
\fter the words in the first section, " That the State of
Arkansas shall be one, and is herebv declared to be one, of
the I lined States ot America, and admitted into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States, in all rc-pect-,'
add '• Whenever the people ot «aid State shall, b> a con
vcntion duly elected, etpunge from its present constitution
so much thereof as prohibits the General Assembly from
passing laws for the emancipation of slaves without the
eooseut of the owners; and shall also provide, in and b\
said constitution, that no negro or mulatto born in, or
brought into, said State, after its admission into the Union,
«hall be held, or transferred, as property, or ki any way
subjected to slavery or Involuntary servitude, unless in pun
ishmeut tor crimes committed ngainst the laws of said Mate,
whereof the part} accused shall be dill) conweted "
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, raised the point
of order, that the bill having been laid aside, could
not be amended.
After some conversation and considerable con-
fusion,
Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, made an earn-
est appeal to the gentleman from Vermont not to
firess the amendment, as one of the same tenor
i.ul been offered in the course of the night by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
and rejected.
Mr. SLADE declined, and briefly addressed
the House in support of his amendment, and in
explanation of its provisions.
1 The amendment was discussed by Mr. JENI-
FER, who, m the course of Ins remarks, was
repeatedly called to order by several gentlemen,
and by the Chair, for diverging into personalities.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. WISE then took the floor, and addressed
the committee at length in opposition to the pro-
ceedings of the House on the preceding night,
when the members were sleepy, tired, and drunk.
He said he should speak until ten o'clock, the
hour of meeting of the House, or until the t me
of the special order arrived.
Mr. CARTER moved that the committee rise
Mr. KENNAN suggested that the bills be
reported to the House, and that an adjournment
take place until to-morrow.
Mr. WISE replied that he now had it in his
power to have his will, and, so help him God, he
would avail himself of it. He refused to accede
to the suggestion, and he declared he would
speak till the time had expired. Mr. W. then
proceeded till ten o'clock; when
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, raised the
point of order whether the gentleman could
longer proceed, the hour of the meeting of the
House having arrived, and the committee-------
The CHAIR said there was no difficulty. If
I a motion was made that the committee rise, the
, Chair would put the motion.
Mr. CHAMBERS then made that motion.
i     Mr. SEVIER moved to amend thu motion by
adding, "and report the  bills  to the House;
which was lost.                                                          I
Mr. WISE then called for the reading of the
order to meet at ten o'clock, a. ra.* together
with the special order, making the fortification bill
I the order for Friday, (this day,) at eleven o'clock,
t a. m., and contended that the Committee of the
Whole could not supersede or violate a rule of
the House.
Mr- McKENNAN raised Hhe point of order,
whether the committee ought not to rise to en-
able the Speaker to take the chair at ten o'clock,
and he moved that the committee rise, so that
the point might be decided in the House.
The point was discussed by Messrs. BELL,
GLASCOCK, MASON of Virjrirw i«nd WISE,
when the motion of Mr. McKEliNAIi was
negatived.                                              (
Mr. WISE concluded Ins remarks.
Mr. McKENNAN remaiked that they had
now been in session upwards of twenty-five
hours, many of them without a wink of sleep,
and he now hoped, as there was an evident de-
tcimiuation on the part of the majonty to pass
these bills, that the House would consent to make
a final disposition of them. With that view, he
moved that the committee rise and report the
bills to the House; which was agreed to; and the
committee rose and reported the bills to the
House at eleven o'clock, a. m.
i                                IN SENATE.
!                        Fridat, June 10, 1836.
Mr. SHEPLEY presented a petition from sun-
dry citizens of Maine, praying for the establish-
ment of a new post route; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
DANIEL STEINROD.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, to which had been recommitted the bill
for the relief of Daniel Steinrod, reported the
same with an amendment; and the same having
been taken up, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole, the amendment was concurred in,
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SEABORN JONES AND JOEL CRAWFORD.
The bill for the relief of Seaborn Jones and
Joel Crawford was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
CONSTITUTIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced the fol-
lowing bill, which was read, and oidered to a
second reading:
A Bill to reestablish the currency of the Constitution for
the Federal Government
Be it enacted by Ike Senate and House of Represcntatii.es
of the United States of Jimencam Congress assembled, That
banknotes and paper currency of every description shall
cease to be received or offered in pa) merit on account of
I the United States, or of the post office, or in fees in the
courts of the United States, as follow s   Of less, denoimna-
' lion than twenty dollars, none after the 3d day of March,
. 1837, of less denomination than fifty dollars, none alter the
, 3d day ol March, 1838, of less denomination than one hun-
dred dollars, none after the 3d day ot March, 1639, of lesa
' dcniumnauon than five hundred dollars, none after the 3d
| da> of March, 1840, of less denomuiation than one thou-
sand dollar*, none after the 3d day of March, 1841; and
none oi any denomination from and after the 3d day of
i March, 1«42
Si-c 2 *1nd be it further cnactedy That anv person hold
in? an appointment under the laws of the United Statei,
and anv ¿ink employed to keep public monevs, which per-
son or h ink shall neglect, evade, or attempt to elude, the
provisions of this act, shall be guilty of an offense against
the laws , and the person so ofiending «hall be liable to be
dismissed from the service, and the bank so offending «hull,
on satisfactory information, be discontinued as a depository
ot public moneys
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. GRUNDY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resohed Tint the Committee on the Post Ortice and
Post Road* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Clarksvrile, in Tennessee, to
Cadiz, in Kentucky; also, from Humphrey's Court lloiise
to the «eat of justice in Benton county, in Tennessee
RECRUITS FOR THE ARMY. ,
i     On motion of Mr, BENTON, the bill to in-
crease the military pe*ce establishment of the
United  States was taken up; and after some
remarks from Mr. B.,
Mr. NICHOLAS moved to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs, with in-
structions to report a bill to so increase the Army
that it shall contain a numerical force equal to
the military peace establishment of 1815.
After some remarks from Messrs. BENTON,
PRESTON, and PORTER,
Mr. CALHOUN called for a division of tje
question, so as to take it first on the recon^rnlt-
ment without the instructions; and the question
being thus taken,the recommitment was ordered.
After some further remarks from Messrs. BU-
CHANAN,   PRESTON, ROBINSON, CAL-
