546
THE CONGRESSIONAL OI?W' i
i
June 13,
8.
9.
10.
II.
10.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
A bill for the relief of John Logan;
A !i!l for the reliefof B""iami'i Pi-ire;
A b:ll for the rt'licf of William Ft. liar;
A bi'I for the r  lief of John Conkin:
A bill lor the relief of James J. C itfin;
A bill for the relief of Tliaddeus Potter;
A bill for the relief of Margaret Reynolds;
A bill for the relief of Coleman A. Collier;
A bill for the relief of John Casey;
A bill for the relief of William Foxworthy;
A   bill   for   the   relief  of  Ellen  Ahum
Schmuck;
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
A bill for the relief of William C. Beard;
A bill for the relief of Ephraim F. Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of Noah Miller;
A bill for the relief of Alpheus Hutchins;
A bill for the relief of Godfrey Vaught;
A bill for the relief of John P. Becker;
A bill for the relief of John Lent;
A bill for the relief of William Davis;
A bill for the relief of William Faris;
A bill for the relief of Patrick McEwen;
A bill for the relief of Peggy Able, Sally
Rolls, and Elijah Green;
30.  A bill for the relief of Charles Blake;
31.   A bill for the relief of Robert Lucas;
32.   A bill for the relief of Josiah Westlake;
33.  A bill for the relief of Walter Dyer;
34.   A bill for  the relief of Jeremiah   Gold-
smith;
35.   A bill for the relief of Joseph Tuttle;
A bill for the relief of Mathias Trarers;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Danforth;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Wallace;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Dow;
A bill for the relief of James Scott, Derick
Severaon, and Lot Leonard;
41. A bill for the relief of Frederick Wilhied;
A bill for the relief of John Boone;
A bill for the relief of John Hemck;
A bill for the relief of Ann Evans;
A bill for the relief of James McFarland;
A bill for the relief of Josiah Strong;
47.  A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Dewey;
48.  A bill for the relief of Benjamin Parkhurst
and Daniel Havens;
49.   A bill for the relief of Jonas. Comins;
50.   A bill for the relief of Isaac Ruland;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Daniels;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Trabue;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Coit;
A bill for the relief of Robert Smith;
A bill for the relief of John Dow;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Gray;           i
A bill for the relief of George Fields;           '
A bill for the relief of Samuel M. Asbury; '
A bill for the relief of William Jeokensoii;
A bill for the relief of John Miles;               ,
A bill for the relief of Hannah Hazard,
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
42.
43.
44.
45.
46.
51.
52.
53.
54.
55.
56.
57.
58.
59.
60.
61.
widow of Ezekiel Hazard;
62.   A bill for the relief of Josiah Curtis;
63.  A bill for the relief of Findley Kelloch;
64.   A bill for the relief of William Pattic;
65.   A bill for the relief of John S;otU;
66.   A bill for the relief of Travis Fritters;
67.   A bill in addition to, and amendment of,
an act entitled " An act to provide for certain per-
sons engaged in the naval service of the United
States, in the revolutionary war."
68.  A bill for the relief of Balaam Bowers;
69.   A bill for the relief of Singleton Ketcham;
70.  A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Swain;
71.   A bill for the relief of Gaines Hichcock;
73.  A bill for the relief of Jonathan Elkins;
74.   A bill for the relief of Robert Rawlins;
75.   A bill for the relief of Micajah Ricketts;
76.   A bill for the relief of Barton Hooper;
77.   A bill for the relief of Henry Maggart;
78.   A bill for the relief of Stephen Bohannan;
79.   A bill for the relief of William, Warden;
80.  A bill for the relief of George McFttdden;
81.   A bill for the relief of George White;
82.   A bill for the relief of Alexander Gibson;
83.  A bill for the relief of Thomas Harrison;
84.  A bill for the relief of Orris Gray;
85.   A bill for the relief of Jacob Slough;
86.   A bill for the relief of Daniel Stoddart;
87.  A bill for the relief of the widow and chil-
dren of Richard Anderson;
88.   A bill for the relief of Samuel Gibbs;
89.  A bill for the relief of Samuel White;
90.   A bill for the relief of John Powell;
91. A bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Janis;
90.  A lii'l for the relief of George Barlcley and
John Weaver;
93.   A bill lor the relief of Daniel Cobb;
94.   A bill for the relief of Solomon Ketcham;
95.   A bill to revive and continue in force an act
entitled "An act to provide for persons who were
disabled by known wounds received in the revo-
lutionary war;"
96.   A" bill for the relief of Jonathan Flint;
97.  A bill for the relief of Daniel Granger;
98.   A bill for the relief of Mary Lampkin;
99.   A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Robinson,
daughter of Lieutenant Wilde;
100.   A bill for the relief of Leslie Combs;
101.   A bill for the relief of Robert McBride;
102.   A bill for the relief of John Clark, Jehiel
Soulé, Samuel B. Hugo, and Isaac Eckright;
103.   A bill for the relief of Alexander Eatep;
A bill for the relief of Cary Clark;
A bill for the relief of John A. Rogers;
104.
105.
and
106.
A bill for the relief of Ransom Mix and
John McCloud.
On motion of Mr. WARDWELL, the com-
mittee struck out the enacting clause from the
bill for the relief of Samuel White, (No. 89 in
the above list,) when, on motion of Mr. W. the
committee rose and reported.
Some of the above bills were laid aside by the
House for further consideration; and such as
were not amended, were ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved that they be read the
third time on Monday.
Mr. WARDWELL moved that they be read
now.
The first motion was put, and agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the Senate bill for the relief of Leslie Combs,
and after some remarks from Messrs. PARKER,
ALLAN of Kentucky, UNDERWOOD, and
HAWES, the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The bill for the relief of Jean  Baptiste Janis,
wns then taken up; and after some remarks from
Messrs.    WARDWELL,   STORER,    REY-
NOLDS of Illinois, and ASHLEY, the bill was ¡
ordered to a third reading.                                        i
The  bill granting a  pension  to Ellen Ahur !
Schmu-k, was then  taken up: and after  some I
debate bv Messrs. PARKER, EVANS, WHIT- I
| TLESEY of Ohio, TAYLOR, and HAWES, i
1 the latter gentleman asked for the yens and nays
on the engrossment of the bill, but the  House
refused to order them; and the bill was passed to
a third reading by a vote of 75 to 47.
THE CONTEMPT OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. JUDSON, from the select committee ap-
pointed to take into consideration the subject-
matter of the assault between two individuals in
the House of Representatives that morning, made
a report in part thereon, that Robert Codd had
done no act calling for either censure or punish-
ment, and that he be discharged; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MANN, of New York, then submitted a
resolution directing the Speaker to issue his war-
rant to the Sergeant-at-Arms to detain the other
individual; which was agreed to.
MEMORIALS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Mr. CARTER and Mr. WISE, on leave, pre-
, cented some memorials.
|     On motion of Mr. CARTER, it was
i    Ruoleed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
1 instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing John
1 Manning, an invalid soldier of the late war, upon Uiq pen-
sion roll.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of making com-
pensation to the heirs or representatives of William B.
Winston for hi  services during the war of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTSON, the House
then, at six o'clock, p. m., adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, June 13, 1836.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the credentials of
the Hon. John Page, appointed a Senator from
the State of New Hampshire to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of the Hon. Isaac
Hill.    The credentials having been  read, the
usual oath to support the Constitution was ad
ministered to Mr. Page by the Vice President
and he took his seat in the Senate.
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of sundry
citizens of Shelby county, Kentucky, prayin 
Congressto recognize the independence of Texas!
This petition was signed (Mr. C. said) by a.
large number of individuals, many of whom were
personally known to him to be among the most
respectable citizens of that respectable county,
and was entitled to the most favorable notice of
the Senate. As the subject, however, was be-
fore a committee, he would make no other mo-
tion than to refer this petition in the same man-
ner as the others had been.
The petition was accordingly referred.
Mr. NILES presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Connecticut on
the same subject.
Mr. N. said he had received, and proposed to
present to the Senate, certain resolutions of the
Legislature of Connecticut regarding the inde-
pendence of the province of Texas. In the dis-
cussions which, on several occasions, had taken
place during the Session, upon this interesting
question, he had not participated, nor would he
now'submit but a few remarks on the subject.
The resolutions he had to offer were of very dif-
ferent character, and he thought entitled to much
more respect than those which had been received
from other quarters, which had come from pop-
ular meetings, or memorials of individuals, and
from places where there was some reason to sus-
pect that private interests, connected with land
speculations in that country, may have had some
agency in the proceedings. These resolutions
did not come from individuals, or any combina-
tion of citizens; they were from one of the sov-
ereign States of this Union, and he felt bound to
ask for them the respectful consideration of the
Senate. It was also worthy of remark, that the
first State which should raise its voice in favor of
the independence of Texas should be one in a
remote part of the Union, where no interested
motives would be supposed to operate, from
whence there had been no emigrants to that
country, and where no sympathies can exist
springing from that source.
It is also worthy of special observation, that
the first State which has, through its Legislature,
urged the recognition of the independence of
Texas, is in an opposite section of the Union,
and which from its position might be supposed
to feel some apprehension or jealousy of an ex-
tension of the territories of the Republic on its
southern border. This is a strong fact, going to
prove that, notwithstanding all that is said about
local interests, and the jealousy in one section of
Union of the increasing power and importance
of opposite sections of the Republic, there is, in
reality, but little foundation for such opinions
among the people or their immediate representa-
tives.
In the statements contained irt* these resolu-
tions, so far as relates to the contest now going
on in Texas, he presumed there would probably
be little diversity of opinion. All must execrate
the barbarous and savage warfare which has been
carried on by the Mexican^, disgraceful to a peo-
ple making any claims to civilization; all must
sympathize with the inhabitants of Texas in
this war of extermination which has been waged
against them; and all must admire their courage,
perseverance, and daring achievements.
But the conclusion, as stated in the preamble
to these resolutions, that the events which have
transpired are sufficient evidence of the ability of
the Texans to maintain their independence, and
that it has become the duty of this Government
to recognize it, may not be so readily assented
to. The existing power of Mexico, which is, in
a great degree, concentrated in one man, may bo
regarded as overthrown and prostrated, as that
man is now a prisoner, and his forces broken and
routed. The power of the present, perhaps he
ought to say late, ruler of Mexico, is probably at
an end. But is that decisive of the fate of Texas ?
He hoped it might prove so, but it was evident
