656
THE CONGRESSIONAL tSLOBE.
Juné 15,
The CHAIR overruled the objection-, and the
ttaestion being taken on the amendment, it was
decided in tIi — negative—yeas 59, nays 96.
Mr. TOUCEY moved an amendment, direct-
in" the manner in which the university or semi-
nary hinds should be located, viz: by the Legis-
lature, and in quantities not less than one quarter
section each.
Mr. STORER called the attention of the House
to the fact, that the trustees of the Michigan semi-
nary or university had located some of their lands
within the territorial limits of the Stat* of Ohio,
and others on the most valuable and richest sec-
tions bordering on the Maumee,south of the line
established in the bill providing for the admis-
sion of Michigan into the Union.
After a few remarks from Messrs. WHIT-
TLESEY of Ohio, TOUCEY, STORER, and
VINTON, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITTLESEY then Submitted a proviso
to the same to secure the rights of persons who
had purchased grants from the trustees, which
was agreed to; and the bill was ordt-fed to be
engrossed for a third rending'to-morrow.
The amendment to the bill to provide for the
due execution of the laws of the United States in
the State of Michigan, was then concurred it);
and that bill was also ordered to a third reading
to-morrow.
Mr. SUTHERLAND asked leave to set apart
Monday next, at eleven o 'clock, and each sue*
ceeding day thereafter, Fridays and Saturdays
■excepted, for the purpose of taking up and con-
sidering the harbor bill, the light-house bill, and
the bills in relation to the Cumberland road.
Objection being made, Mr. S. moved a. suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. GRAVES moved to amend the motion by
including the bill in relation to the Louisville and
Portland canal; which was lost without a count.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved an adjournment; which
was agreed to—«yes 80, noes 59-,.so
The House adjourned at six o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Ju)it-J5, 1836.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State, in compliance with the resolution of
the llth instant, respecting depredations commit-
ted by the Mexicans on the property of Messrs.
Choteau and De Man; which, on motion of Mr.
Li.vn, was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, té which had been Teferred the bill
•for the relief of AbrahamTc4bes,irithoutamend-
ment, moved that it be now taken up and consid-
ered; whieh motion -was'agreed to.
•• Mr. EWING, of Ohio, who had liot attended
to the motion for taking up this bill, objected to
-the consideration  of private bills out of their
order, and moved to lay it on the table; which I
•motion was «greed to—ajfes 19, noes 12.               1
' M*. DAVIS, from 4he Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred the bill from
the House "to regulate the compensations of cer-
tain officers of the costeros, reported the same
-With amendments; whiéh were read.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the Wills
from the House for the relief of Stephen Tal-
madge and Thaddeus Potter, reported them sev-
erally without amendment.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition
of Phineas Meigs, and the cawittiittee was -dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
A message was received'from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State, inclosing arcopy of the cor-
respondence with the British Government on the
subject ©f the northeastern' boundary of the
-United States.
Mr. CLAY observed that he had not had time
to look at this correspondence to judge whether
it would be proper to publish it to the world or
not. This was now Submitted to the judgment of
the Senate and thrown upon their responsibility,
a proceeding, he would remark, rather unusual
with the President, who was in the habit of taking
all responsibility upon himself. The responsibil-
ity, however, being thrown upon the Senate, it
appeared to him that they ought to meet it, and
if there was anything proper to be published to
the world, to decide upon having it printed. He
would infer that there was nothing in the opinion
which should prevent the publication of the cor-
respondence, because he believed that the reso-
lution was framed in the usual way; requesting
the President to communicate such information
only as the public interest did not require to be
withheld. He should think, however, that the,
two Senators front Massachusetts and Maine
ought to be consulted with regard to this matter;
a«d*if it was-referred t<5 the Committee"on Foreign
Relations, thay couM have ready access to the
paper , and the committee would with great
pleasure awul themselves of the benefit of any
suggestions they might Wake. For the present,
Mr. C. said he would contera himself with moving
the reference of the papers to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SHEPLEY was very willing that the
reference should be made. He would observe,
however, that there was nothing unusual in the
sending of this correspondence to the Senate, in
compliance with the resolution calling for it. 'If
there was anything unusual, it was in the reso 
lution eallkig on the President foe tfeis consespond-
ence, when there was no evidence that the nego-
tiation was not still pending.
Mr. OLAY did not say that it wastjnqsual fpr
the President to send this correspondence to top
Senate. He said that it was unusual for hint t«
throw the responsibility of the publication on the
Senate, as he usually took all the responsibility
on himself.
Mr. WEBSTER was quite satisfied w-itn the.
reference moved by the Senator from Kentucky.
It was on his motion that the resolution calling
for this .correspondence had been adopted, and
this resolution not Qidy left it discretionary >wU 
the Preaideat to communicate such infarnaaMo 
as might not, in his opinion, be improper for pub-
lication, but went to the length that it «night be
communicated confidentially, or otherwise. He
thought the reference was a very proper one; .«#4
hoped it would be made.
The correspondence was then referred to to*
Committee on Foreign Relations, accordingly.
PRICE OF THE PUBLIC LAN£S.
Mr. WALKER, from the select committee to
which had been referred the subject  f graduating
and reducing tjie price of the public lands to
actual settlers^ made a report thereon, accom-
panied by aDill for that purpose; which was read
and ordered to a second reading; and
On motion of Mr. LINN, five thousand copies
of the report were ordered to be printed.
GABRIEL M. DENTOÍí'S SURETIES.
The bill for the relief of the sureties of Gabriel
"M. Dentbti was read the third time and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following res-
olution; -which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
1 quested to communicate to the Senate any Information in
j ¿is (Kwiession, not incompatible with the public interest,
1 touching the political condition of Texas, the organization
of its Government, and its capacity to uuuntain its inde-
pendence ; and, also, any eorrespondeiiee whk* may have
taken pitee between the Executive of Die United States
and the Government ol Texas and its aginia.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following.Reso-
lution':
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury «port to
.the Senate at the comaenoeswnt of the lieix session of
Congress such information As lie may be «Me to obtain, to-
gether with his own opinion-respecting the points or places
in which it may he most expedient or accessary to establish
marine hospitals for tbe relief of nek and disabled soameu.
Mr. W. said, on offering this amendment, that
he had, for so me time,.entertained the opinion/that
it was just and expedient that one or more marine
hospitals should be erected at the expense of the
i Treasury, on the western rivers and lakes j   it
, was true that the marine hospitals now is-exist-
ence on the Atlantic coast had been built out of
the marine hospital fund. But the number of
seamen, so to call them, who were employed on
the western waters, had suddenly very much in-
creased, and their case seemed to call for some
immediate provision. The marine fund could not
well bear the charge of making new hospitals,
and yet they appeared to be necessary. He was
desirous, therefore, of having all the information
on this subject which they could obtain, so that
Congress might take some effectual measure on the
subject At the next session. It was very possible
that some other hospital might be deemed neces-
sary on the Atlantic-coast; but the main demand
at present was for the "West. He wished for the
whole subject to be brought before Congress, as
he was very much inclined to think that it was
their duty to make a proper provision on the
subject.
The resolution was then agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE BUILDING.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the select committee,
reported- , bill to provide a suitable building for
the accommodation of the Patent Office, and for
purchasing the necessary furniture, &c; which
was read and ordered to a second reading.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported bills for the relief pf the
widow of Dr. George C. Clitherell, and for the
relief of the legal representatives of Captain I.
Hudry; which were severally read, and ordered
to a second reading.
FROTECTION OF THE NORTHWESTERN
FRONTIER.
Mr. B,, from the same committee, reported with-
out amendment the bill from the House to provide
for the better protection of the northwestern fron-
tier.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. B., in pursuance of notice given, asked
and obtained leave and introduced a bill granting
a certain quantity of land to the States of Mis-
sissippi, Alabama, Illinois, Indiana, and Missouri,
lor purposes of internal improvement; which
■was read, and ordered to a second reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr, "WRIGHT gave notice that he would, to-
njorrow, ask leave to bring in a bill anticipating
the pay went of the indemnity accruing to citizens
of the TJnitedStates under the treaties with France
and the Two Sicilies.
COMPENSATION TO MICHIGAN REPRESENT-
ATIVES.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Buchanan,
relative to the payment of compensation to the
Senators and Representatives from the State of
Michigan, was considered and agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the resolution
fixing the day for closing the present session of
Congress was taken up, and the amendment of
the House assigning the 4th of July next as the
day of adjournment, was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION.
The motion made yesterday by Mr. White,
to reconsider the vote on recommitting the bill
to regulate the public deposits, was taken up,
and, after debate, in which Messrs. WHITE,
WRIGHT, WEBSTER, BENTON, CAL-
HOUN, BLACK, and MORRIS, participated,
the question was decided in the affirmative—yeas
22, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Da-
vis, Ewing of Ohio, GoIdsl>oroG<rh, Hendncki, Kent,
Knight, Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Naudain, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Kobbins, Swift, Tomlinson, Webster, and
White—22.
NAVS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewüig of Illinois, Grundy, Hubbard, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Linn, Morns, Nicholas, Niles, Page.
Rives, Robinson, Shopley, Talimadge, Tipton, Walker, and
Wright—91.
The bill being thus again brought before the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
■ Mr. WRIGHT renewed his motion to recom-
mit, so as- to refer tke substitute for the-.bill
