183*.
Tute úbmtíÉmmak &L&m.
m
reported by the select committee, together with
the amendments made thereto by the Semite, to
the Committee on Finance, with instructions to
separate it into two bills; one relating to the regu-
lating the deposit banks, and the other relating
to the distribution of the surplus.
Mr. WEBSTER then moved to lay the whole
subject on the table; which motion was agreed to.
SALES OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to-change the mode of conducting; the
sales of the public lands was taken up as the
special order, and after some remarks from Mr.
EW1NG, of Ohio, in support of the bill, and Mr.
BLACK, in opposition to it,
Mr. PORTER moved to lay it on the table.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill from the
House, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to act as the agent of the United States, in all
matters relating to the stock of the United States
in the late Bank of the United States, was taken
up; and, after being amended, was ordered toa
third reading.
PATENT LAWS.
On motion of Mr. RUGGLES, the Senate took
np the bill for the promotion of the useful arts,
and to repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore
made for that purpose; and after being; amended,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
After the consideration of Executive business,
the Senate adjourned.                                                 '
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 15, 1836.
As soon as the Journal of yesterday had. been
read,
Mr. ADAMS moved a correétioá of the Jour-
nal of the proceedings on Monday, in reference
to the entry relating to his claiming the floor on
that day after the motion of Mrt Wiujam  of
Kentucky, (see proceedings.)
Mr. A. having read his amendment at length,
Mr. HAMER hoped it was not intended to
spread the gentleman's speech upon the Journal,
because, if so, the same privilege must be ac-
corded to other gentlemen who.. poke on the ques-
tion.
After some remarks from Messrs. PATTON,
ADAMS, and WILLIAMS of Kentucky,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to lay the motion
to amend the Journal on the table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WISE asked if it was in order to lay such
a motion on the table ?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative; for it
was still in the power of the House to take it up
again whenever they thought proper.
At the suggestion of Mr. HAMER, Mr. Cam-
brelevg withdrew the motion to lay on the table,
and moved the previous question.
Mr. ADAMS raisedthe point of orderwhether
tiie gentleman from New York could withdraw
the motion after the yeas and nays had been
ordered on it, but the point was overruled by the
Chair.
Mr. PHILLIPS asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion-for the previous question.
The CHAIR reiterated the decision frequently
before made, that the call was not in order.
The House seconded the previous question,
and ordered the main question; on which
Mr. PHILLIPS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 51, nays
110.
So the motion to amend the Journal was lost.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting certain papers in relation to the claim of
the heirs of Lieutenant William Cunningham;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making further
é^íropriationa for eartymg into effect certain In-
dian treaties; which was read twice and commit-
ted.
[This bill provided for certain treaties with the
Cherokees, Chippcwas, and a part of the Potta-
watomies.]
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill making further appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic service for the year 1836; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill in relation to the grant
of certain lands to the State of Alabama, for the
purpose of improving the Coosa, Tennessee,
Cahawba, and Black Warrior rivers; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Hewett;
Also, a bill to provide for the more effectual
execution of the ministerial duties of the Navy
Department; and
A bill to reduce to two heads of appropriations,
certain appropriations for vessels of war, and for
providing materials for the same; all of which
tills were severally read twice and committed.
Mr. J., from the same committee, reported a
resolution to set apart Monday next for the con-
sideration of bills reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs; which was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
Daniel Ward and George Hickley; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from theCoro-
mittee of Claims, reported Senate bill for the
relief of John M. Gamble, with an amendment;
which wits committed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, made un-
favorable reports in the following cases: Peter
Porcher, Isaiah Frost, Catharine M. Smith,
Wealthy Beckwith, Frederick Hathaway, Wil-
liam Flinn, Mary Hubbell, executor or James
Flinn, Gates Hoit, Daniel Loomie, David Hull,
William H. Morris, John Hine, William Bya ,
James Baker.
(In the last case the former report recommitted;
present report to be printed, with a letter from
James Baker to the honorable Mr. May.]
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee an the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Benja-
man Fry; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of Thomas Glas-
cock, deceased; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. HEISTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a resolution pro-
posing to set apart Friday morning next, from
ten to twelve o'clock, for the consideration of
bills relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose and gave notice
that on Friday morning next he should ask the
House to take up and consider the deposit bank
bill.
Mr.THOMAS then moved to strike out"Fri-
day next," and insert "next Tuesday week;"
but subsequently moved another amendment " to
except the bill from the Senate for the recharter
of the banks of the District of1 Columbia;" which
was lost.
The original resolution was then agreed to. ,     '
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the. relief of Teakel
Savage, administrator of BoliChk Lawes; which
was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. OWENS, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. HoUEy, of Georgia, for the
residue of the present session.
On motion of Mr. MARTII^ihe Committee
of the Whole was discharged "ffoth the further
consideration of the bill for the relief of John
Donaldson, Stephen Heard, and others; and the
same was brought into the House; and after some
conversation between Messrs. MARTIN, GAR-
LAND of Louisiana, and HARDIN,
Mr. HARDIN moved an amendment; which
was agreed to; and the hill, as amended, was
ordered to a third reading; arid Tftaving been en-
grossed, was read the third time and passed.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on the Public
Lands", reported Senate bill, without Mnendnwtot,
to remove the land office from Clinton to Jackson1,
Mississippi; which, by general consent, was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR asked leave to offer a resolution
that the House, during the residue of the present
session, will take a recess from two o'clock to
half past three, p. m., which being objected to,
Mr. T. moved a suspension of the rules; which
was lost—ayes 83, noes 60.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee of Private Land Claims, reported Sen-
ate bill for the relief of Butcher and others,
with a recommendation that the said bill do not
pass; which was committed.
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of taking up and consider-
ing the resolution to provide books to the new
members of the Twenty-Fourth Congress; which
was agreed tocayes 95, noes 37.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resetted, That the Clerk be directed to supply such mem-
ber* of the' House as have not been provided under former
orders, with the following books: tbe Diplomatic Corre-
pondence; til  Documentary History of the United State*;
the Land Laws; the American State Papers; the Register Of
Debates, including the two volumes of the First Congress,
published by Gales tt Seaton, and the two volumes of the
last Congress; Coatested Election!; Commercial Regula-
tions ; Secret Journals to 1778; Elliot's Debates. And that
the Committee of Ways and Means be instructed to report
a bill for the necessary appropriation to carry this resolution
into «Sect.
Mr, SPEIGHT rose and remarked that, as he
believed every gentleman Was prepared to vote
upon it, he moved the previous question; which
was seconded—ayes 82, noes 42; and on ordering
the main question,
Mr. MERCER called for the yeas and nays,
but the House refused to order them; and the main
question was ordered without a count.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then asked for the yeas
and nays on the main question; which were or-
dered.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit him to modify the
resolution by excluding such books aB were out
of print,
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected.
Mr. ANTHONY moved to lay the relolubon
'on the table; and
Mr. SMITH caned for' the yeas -and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS asked the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw the motion, to enable him
to move a reconsideration of the vote by which
the main question was ordered;accordingly,
Mr. ANTHONY withdrew the motion; and
Mr. MANN, of New York, renewed it.
Mr. HAWES asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were taken.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. MANN raised the question of order that,
by former decisions of the House, and the rule
adopted the other day on the Michigan and Ark-
ansas bills, this resolution must be considered in
the Committee of the Whole, inasmuch as it
involved an appropriation of money.
The CHAIR said that was not the proper time
to raise the question. The voté must be first
announced, and then, if the question was raised,
the Chair Would have no difficulty in deciding.
The Vote was announced to be—yeas 82, nays
99; so the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The period ft r which the rules had been sus-
pended having expired,
Mr. CHAPÍN moved a further suspension for
one hour to proceed with the consideration of the
above resolution.
Mr MANN asked for the yeas and nay ; bat
the House refused to order them; and the ques-
tion being taken by tellers, was decided m the
ne<^Hve—ayes 94, noes 60, not two thirds; and
the House passed to the special orders.
MICHIGAN AND ARKANSAS.
The following engrossed bills were then rood a
third time and passed:
The biB supplementary to the act entitled "An act to es-
«aWish the r w bSiary lino of Ohio and to prov.de
for th« admission of Michigan into the I/mom  «"''
AractlipFernt-ntary to the act entitled '-An act for the
