1836.  '
THE CONGRESSIONAL « GLOBS.
¿59
with to  substitatt* reported w  the select com- ]| imaota, Grundy, Hubbard, Kin  of Altbmn, King of
Blittee, and the amendments adopted by the Sen- ' S ^*"   -Una, Nicbola , Nile , Pag . Rives, Robinson,
-        r          ■   •                 RuggTes, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, Walker, Wall, and
Wright- 81.
NAYS—Messrs.   Black,   Calnonn,  Clay,   Crittenden,
Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goidsborough, Hendricks, Kent,
ate to the Committee on Finance, with instruc-
tions to divide them into two separate bills, so
that one shall contain all that relates to the regu-
lation of the deposit banks, and the other shall
contain ail that relates to the disposition of the
surplus.
Mr. CALHOUN had no desire to embarrass
this motion by any indirection or technicality;
but he was exceedingly desirous that the parlia-
mentary rale should be observed within a rea-
sonable degree. The first question was on strik-
ing out the original bill introduced by himself,
and inserting the substitute; and in that state
of the question, the gentleman from New York
moved to refer it, with the subtitutesand amend-
ments, to the Committee on Finance, with in-
structions. He held that they could not refer
amendments under any parliamentary rule, and
that, in recommitting the hill, all the amendments
not concurred in in the House fell to the ground.
Now, these instructions referred to the amend-
ments made to the bill in the Committee of the
Whole; and therefore they referred to a matter,
which, under the parliamentary rule, could not
go before the Committee on Finance. He con-
tended that when a bill was referred to a com-
mittee, all that it could do was to recommend
amendments to it.
[Mr. C. here read the rule relating to the sub-
Ject-]
The only parliamentary way in which the gen-
tleman could get at his object, would be to move
to strike out the thirteenth section, and bring it in
as another bill.
Mr. WRIGHT said that he was perfectly una-
ble to debate points of order, and was quite
unwilling to engage in such discussions. His
object was to avoid all technicalities, and to get
at the sense of the Senate in the shortest possi-
ble way; and lie therefore begged the presiding
officer to decide the point of order. He would,
however, observe that he was unable to discrimi-
nate between the committing a bill to a commit-
tee, with instructions to separate it into two parts,
and the motion to strike out one part of a bill, and
bring it in as a whole bill.
Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Morris, Naudain,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbios, Southard, Swift, Tom-
linson, Webster, and White—!i5.
Mr. WALKER offered an amendment, the
effect of which was, to strike out the ratio of the
j distribution of the surplus as provided for in the
i bill, and make it in proportion to the respective
representation of the States in the Senate and
House of Representatives.
On this subject (Mr. W. said) he desired to
call the attention of the Senate to a table made out
by a very accurate young gentleman, demon-
strating what changes would be made in the por-
tions of eighteen of the States, if his amendments
should be adopted.
Mr. W. then read a table, showing that eighteen
of the States will be the losers to a considerable
amount by the distribution under the census of
1830. Now, it was admitted on all hands, that
there could be no constitutional objections to the
proposition embraced in this amendment. When
the land bill was under discussion, he offered an
amendment on this principle, and it was resisted
on the ground that it was in violation of the ordi-
nance of the State of Virginia. If there was to
be any apportionment among the States, he ap-
pealed to every Senator if it ought not to be m
accordance with equality and justice—that is, on
the principle of population, not at the time the
census of 1830 was taken, but at the time the dis-
tribution is to take place. This he considered
the only just principle of distribution.
Mr. W. then read another table, showing what
would be the ratio of distribution according to the
representation in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, and went on to show that this would
be more equal and more just. If the distribution
was made according to the census of 1830, twenty-
two States would be losers; but if they distributed
according to the electoral college ratio, as he pro-
posed, only two States would be the losers, and
these two of the larger States, who would lose to
a very small amount.     The distribution as at
The CHAIR (Mr. King of Alabama) stated ¡present proposed, he looked upon as doing the
that he had no doubts on the subject as to the
power of the Senate. It could not only recom-
mit the whole bill, but any portion of a bill,
leaving the residue of it precisely as it stood
either in committee or in the House. The par-
liamentary rule was precise. They could com-
mit any portion of a bill to one committee, and
the other portion to another committee, with
instructions; and if they could thus commit two
parts of the same bill to two different committees,
it followed,ofcourse, that they could instruct one
committee to separate a bill into two parts. When
it came thus separated before the Senate, it was
in their power to take either proposition, or both,
as the majority might decide.
The CHAIR here read the rule as follows:
greatest injustice to those new States whose pop-
ulation had increased since the last census.
Mr. WEBSTER was very willing to make
any provision in this bill for the inequalities pro-
duced by the increase of population in the new
States, but he was of opinion that there were
insuperable difficulties in the way, and that the
only plan of distribution that could be adopted
was the one in the bill.
Mr. CALHOUN had been in favor of the plan
of distribution proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi, but had yielded'his wishes in the
committee, on the ground that it could not be
carried through. It was in vain to contend
against the opposition of six of the large States;
and under these impressions he was constrained,
"A particular «lause of a bill may be committed without   .though reluctantly, to vote  against the amend
the whole bill, or so much of a paper to one and so much ,   ment.
íO another committee."—Page 148, Jtfferton'i Hamuli.
With respect to any amendments that had been
made, it was the opinion of the Chair that they
would fall when such commitment was ordered,
unless they had been agreed to in the Senate; but
this result can always be prevented by giving
instructions.
Mr. MORRIS observed, that it would be recol-
lected that he stated to the Senate yesterday, that,
in his opinion, it would be better to keep the
two principles contained in this bill together. He
yesterday voted to divide them, and he did so for
the accommodation of those gentlemen with
whom he usually acted. Since that time he had
conversed with several of his friends on the sub-
ject, and they had come to the conclusion that it
would be best, under all circumstances, to keep
all the parts of the bill together. He should now,
therefore, reverse his vote, in order that the whole
subject might be construed in all its parts at the
same time.
The question was here taken on Mr. Wright's
motion to recommit the bill; and it was rejected
—yeas 21, nays 25; as follows:
YEA8—Messr . Beaten, Buchanan, Cutbbert, Swing of
Mr. BENTON was glad that the Senator from
Mississippi had taken the trouble to make out a
table which showed the unequal working of this
bill. He was glad that the Senator had made his
motion, if no other good should result from it
than to demonstrate the progress of this desire
for dividing money. Up to the present time there
had been a disposition to lean towards the weaker
States, and to allow something for the rapid
increase of their population. But as the disposi-
tion to get hold of the public money became
stronger, this disposition to do justice to the new
States decreased in proportion. And here he
would remark, that there was another conse-
quence of this disposition to get hold of (he public
money, which was, that finding the surplus not
enough, they must take the unexpended balances.
If he could be willing to derive any good out of a
I great evil, he would say let this Dill pass—it
i would soon work its own cure. It had been pre-
i dieted in the beginning of the session that the
i country would be utterly ruined—that the Gov-
| eminent must stop if the land bill was not passed;
j and now that the bill had passed the Senate,
I every man of common sense must be convinced
that «it end would b* put to th* Government if it
ever went into operation, and it now seemed to
be given up by all its friends.
He would repeat it on every occasion, that it
was now nearly the close of the session, and that,
in the present progress of dividing the public
money, they had wholly neglected the defenses
of tile country. Not a dollar had, as yet, been
expended for fortifications—for those fortifica-
tions about which there was so much crimination
and recrimination at the commencement of the
session; and the bill to fill up the ranks of the
Army was not yet acted on, though one portion
of the country was suffering under the horrors of
an Indian war. He stated these things for the
purpose of marking the progress of this desire to
get hold of the public money. The next thing
would be the imposition of a high tariff, sup-
ported by the strong States for the purpose of
supplying a new fund for distribution.
Mr. Walker's amendment was then adopted
—yeas 23, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, Hubbard, King oí
Alabama, King of Georgia, Linn, Moore, Nicholas, Page,
Porter, Rives, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tipton, Walker,
Wall, and White—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davis. Eiv-
ingofOhio, Goidsborough, Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean,
Mangum, Morris, Naudain, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins,
Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tomlmson, Webster, aud
Wright-22.                                           '              '
Mr. HENDRICKS said that he felt it his duty
to offer an amendment to this bill before it was
reported to the Senate, that he had occasion to
refer to before. It was in reference to the inter-
est provided for in the eleventh section. Some of
the banks could not, under this section, become
depositories of the public money,and pay interest
on it, because they were expressly prohibited by
their charters from loaning it or deriving any
advantage from it. Mr. H. then moved to add
the following, as an amendment to the clause pro-
viding for the payment of interest:
Except in cases where the charters of said banks prohibit
them from doing business on such deposits.
Now he would state (Mr. H. said) that the
Bank of Indiana was prohibited by her charter
from discounting on her deposits; and, therefore,
not being able to derive any profit from these de-
posits, they would not be willing to receive them
on the condition of paying interest for them. If
this amendment of his should not prevail, the
interest clause ought to he entirely stricken out,
for it could not be expected that banks would
1 pay interest on deposits that they could not make
1 any profit from.
Mr. WRIGHT said that he understood that
the restriction on the Indiana batiks was, that
they were prohibited from having more than twice
the amount of their capital due to them at any
one time; and the Senator from Indiana was not
sure, therefore, that his amendment would reach
the object. The same restriction (Mf. W. said)
applied to all the banks in New York.
Mr. HENDRICKS read the provisions in the
charter of the bank of Indiana, and explained
that, under it, the banks never made any use of
these deposits at all.
After some remarks from Mr. EWING and
Mr. PORTER,
The amendment of Mr. HENDRICKS was
rejected, without a division.
Mr., CLAY, after some remarks, moved to
strike ert t, in the eleventh section, the word " two,"
and insert "four,"so as to make the banks pay
an interest of four per cent, on the deposits,
instead of two.
The motion was opposed by Messrs. WRIGHT,
KNIGHT, and EWING of Ohio.
Mr. HUBBARD, after some remarks, requested
Mr, Clat to withdraw his amendment, stating
that, as the bill now stood, he could vote for it,
trot if the amendment prevailed he should be com-
pelled to vote against it.
Mr. CLAY then, by unanimous consent, the
,yeas and nays having been ordered, withdrew
nis motion.
On motion of Mr. WALL, the bill was further
amended, by providing that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall, so far as the public interest will
permit, employ at least one deposit bank in each
of the States and Territories.
Mr. WRIGHT then moved to strike out the
