THE COUGRESSIONAl GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
First Session-, 24th Congress.
^pWM«^MBflM
WEEKLY.
PRICE §1 FOR A SESSION.
MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 2C>.
Mr. ROBhRTSON" tlwn moved a substitute
foi nil tike i  solution*, as follows.
Retolrf1, riiat Ilein G Whertrr l>' rli^c'iafKNl from till"
rii-tiKh o i ir So ;rint u Vrin-, nml that lit Ik- excluded
frtrn  llir 11.ill lor the rc-iilue nt tlw present «Troon.
Mr. IIAMER and Mr. GRANGER su-gested
that the House pass on the first resolution, and
that the gentleman fiom Virginia offer his reso-
lution as a substitute for the second and third.
Mr. ROBERTSON then modified lusresolution
by inserting the woid¡>, " for an indignity offered
to this House."
After some further remarks from Messrs.
MASON of Virginia, and HAMER,
Mr. ROBERTSON withdrew his amendment
so as to permit the question to be taken on the
first resolution.
The first resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. JUDSON, chairman of the select commit-
ter, moved to amend the second resolution bv
inserting at the end: " during the continuance of
the present session of Congress;" winch was
agreed to: and the resolution as amended was
also agreed to.
The question being on the third resolution,
Mr. HA WES moved the following substitute:
RetolctJ, That 1/ -no G Wieeler be discharged from llie
WMtndv iw'the officers o| xlm Home
Mr. JCDSON said it was due to the committee
to state that, under the precedent of 179S, they
felt bound to report this resolution; but he would
also state that,from the Tery frank and honorable
manner m which the accused had met 'he ques-
tion before the committee, he himself had no
objection to the ameudment.
After some remarKs from Mr. MANN of New
York, and Mr. HARDIN, the amendment was
agreed to—ayes 123, noes 31; and
The SPEAKER directed Mr. Wheeler to be
immediately discharged from the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
By general consent, sundry petitions were pre-
sented by Mr. K.INNARD, and Mr. WHIT-
TLESEY of Connecticut.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then pass  d to the orders of the day.
Mr. CAMCR.ELENG said, as he had been
given to understand that there wa? a general
ae&.ie to dispose of the fortification bill, he hoped
tin House would, by general consent, proceed at
oiici to its consideration, instead of waiting till
om o'clock, when it would come upas the special
ordir.                                                                            .
Objection being made,                                            I
Mr. MILLER moreda suspension of the rules '
for the purpose, but it was lost.
LAND BILL.
The first business in order was the bill from
the Senate entitled "An act to appropriate, for
a limited time, the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands of the United States, and for granting
lands to certain States."
The following motions were pendin :
By Mr. C¿*&, to commit to the Committee on
the Public Lands;
By Mr. Gillet, to commit to the Committee
of Ways and Means; and
The following amendment, moved by Mr.
Dekxt: ' with instructions to either committee
to which the bill should be referred, to report the
same on Wednesday next without amendment."
Mr. SPEIGHT remarked that, in order to try
the sense of the House on this bill, he would
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, said, as
it was the object of the gentleman to try the sense
of the House on this subject, he would move a
call of the House for that purpose; and he made
that motion accordingly.
The call was ordered, and proceeded in for some
time, two hundred and two members having an-
swered to their names; whr n,
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was dispensed with.
Mi. GRCNNELL th^n aske d for the yea^ and
nnyt on the motion to lay the bill on the tabl< ;
winch were ordered.                              *
Mr WILLIAMS, of Nor'h Carol na, hoped
the rule winch com¡ielli d every mombi r to vote
in Ins phce would bo enforced in ihc present case;
and he should move its enforcement wherever he
saw it evaded.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the negative—yeas 9G, nays 111); as follows:
YE^S—Messrs.A-=ti. Ashley. Barton. Bealo. Dean. Deaii-
mont. Bookec, Boon, Unuldin. Oovec, Bo\d, Brotvn.Cani
breleng, Ca-cv. Chanet, Chapman, tlupin, Cleveland.
Crait.Cu-hmaii. Davis, Dicker-on. Doubleelat. Droiiuook,
Dilnlap. Etincr, l\.irüeld. Farlin. VVilli.un It Tuller. Gal
braitli, Jame  Garland. Gillet. Gnntland Un\ on. G ithn,
Hale>,Jo-eph Hall, llamer. Iliniieja i. \lbert G Harrt«rm,
Huve-, ll-ivne-, Howard. Ilnntinston. IiisImiii Jabe7Jack
*on, J.irvfcj. Joe-eph Johnson. Ricnard M Join-on. Cave
Jolm-ion. John W Jour-, Renn inn Join--. Jud on. Kilirore,
Lansin;. Gideon Lee. Jo huí L e. Lcemnl. I.(nail Lira,
l.vnn. Abiin'i Maun. William Via om. Mo e- Ma on. Mat.
McICim. MeLeiu. Moore, Muhlenberg, Owen-. Pa e.
i Patter-on. Pauon, Franklin Puree. Pnelp-, Pnickni t John
Kevnold-, Ji>-epli Iieviiold-, Kiplet. Ruine, líoicr-. Set
inoiii. SIhiiii, si.-klo-. Smith. Sp Miht. T.ulor. Thoma ,
Jolin Thomson. Totie->v. V and^rpnel. Ward, Wardnell,
Web-ter. Weeks, and Tt.oma- T  Whittlcset —%
MAYS—Messr-. Adam-. Chilton Allan. Ileinan Allen,
Anthunt. Billet, Bel, Bo'id. Borden. BrK£*3, Buchanan,
P.uiuh. John Callioon. William B Callmnn. Campb"ll.
Carr. Carter. John Chamber-, Child- V tliamel II Clai
borne, Clark. Connor. Cnrwui. Crane. Cii^hine- Darlinffton,
Debeirv, Dennt. UiCk-on. Evan*, Everett. Fore-ter. Fovv
ler, Frcnel. Fn, Piulo l' Fu l( r. Itice Garland. danger.
Graves, Grennell. Ililiml Hall. II ird Ilardui Harlv . Ilar-
p-r, Samuel S. Hirri-on. Hazcltine, Hender-on. Hci-ter.
Hoar, Hopkins. Howell, II u Met, Hunt. Hiintsm ai. Inger
soil, Willi nn Ja'-k-on, J we , llcnrv John-o'i, haunird,
Lane. |,aporte, Liivlcr. Laivrente Lav. Luke Lea. L"« la,
Lincoln. Lojin. Love. Job Mann. Samp on Ma-on. Mnurv,
McConfas. MeKav, McKcnnau. Mercer, Miller. M Muran,
Monigoiucrv, Mor-is, Parker. Dutee J Pearce, Pctti '"w,
Pe.ton, Phillip*. Picken-, Potts. Reed. Bencher. Rob-ruon.
Itu—ell. Schenck. William B Shopird. \uau-une II
flhepperd. Slade. Spsiiiler, Stande'er. Steele, Storer Tal-
la erro, Waddv Tliomp on. Underwood, Vinton. Waietier,
Washington. White, Eli ha Whmlescj, Lewu William ,
Sherrod \\riIIiams, and Wise—110
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mi. KINNARD moved to modify the instruc-
tions to the Committee on Public Linds, so as to
provide for disposing of the public lands in lim-
ited parcels to actual sctth is, at prices sufficient
to reimburse the United States for the expense
of acquiring, surveying, and selling said lands.
The subicct was debated by Messrs. KIN-
NARD, GARLAND of Louisiana, and BOUL-
DIN, when the latter gentleman gave way to the
special order.
Mr. McCOMAS moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable his colleague to conclude his
remarks; but the motion was disagreed to by the
House
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
and by general consent, various bills lying on the
Speaker's table were taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to their appropriate
standing committees.
FORTIFICATION BILL.                         I
In further execution of the special order of the
2Gth of January, the House, on motion of Mr.
CAM3RELENG, proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for cer-
tain fortifications for the year 1836. The bill
Was reported from the Committee of the Whole,
with sundry amendments, and the question was
on concurring in these amendments.
The amendment pending was the following:
"For fortification .Charle-ton harbor, South Carolina,
and preservation of the iitedf Fort Moullne, $153,000,"
incrcued by the Committee ol the Whole to " $SJU,080."
The question was then token on the amend-
ment; and it was non-concurred in—yeas 85,
nays 88.
Mr. bTOUER then rose and moved a recon-
sideration  of the  vote; and, in  reply  to  Mr.
Graves, Mr. S. stated that he made the motion
| at the request of a gentleman behind him, [Mr.
I Pikcknet,] than whom a purer-minded man did
not briitb".    lie l.irav If, hovvevi r, should n^un
¡ vof>agaiii<!t the am- ndnii nt.
Mr CU3I1M VN asked for th< yeas¿nd nayi;
which were oidered.
Mr. EVANS movid to 1 y the motion to íe-
consider on the taMe: and thereon
Mr. CUSFIM AN asked for the yeas and nays;
but the House refused to oidei them.
Mr. EVANS withdrew the motion to lay on
the table.
After a few remarks from Messrs. MERCER,
GRAVES, STORER, and LANE, the question
was taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 00,
navs 1U3.
The following amendment of the Committee of
the Whole was then taken up:
Stnke out ot the bill the lullowm; clause :
'■ For incident il cvp-n->e- atiendin? repair* of new anil
old 'orttticition-. and 'or fie pure.ia-e ot new site... and tile
cnlara. ment oi old one-, at -iic'i place-i a¿ the public -< r
vice tn.it require on the -ei board of the L'nned State-,
J330.03J." audi isert. •• To' incidental exp^u-i atteridins
r. pair* of fortification-, and «or th-> pureli.iac ot additional
land in their neishborliood. $200.0)0 '"
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, propns. d further to
amend by mser.inr; a'l appropriation to compio-
miseand Secure to the United States the title to
the Pea Patch Island, in the nv< r D> ¡awate.
The CHAIR ruled the pronosed ami ndment
to be out of Older, on the giound tint its provis-
ions were the same as weio embiaced in a bill then
on the table.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he woi Id mike a motion
that he believed would meet the concuiienee of
a large majority of the House. He moved a
suspension of the i tiles for tin  purpose of taking
a recess at some hour that day and theieaftcr,
which was agreed to by a vote of 111 yeas to 50
nays.
nncESS.
Mr. S. then moved a resolution that the House
take a recess from half past two o'eloclc, p. m..till
four o'clock on this day, and on each succeeding
day during the present session of Congress.
After some suggestions and amendments pro-
nosed by Messrs. HE1STER, MAJNNofNew
York, and MASON of Virginia, the ou-rnial ns-
olution was agreed to—ayes 114, noes not
counted.
FORTIFICATION BTLL—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then sent to the Clerk's
table a document fiom the encjimer's dipait-
ment, explanatory of the amend nent.
Mr. HARD moved to reduce the sum in the
amendment to $100,000.
Mr. H was proce-eding toaddiess the House
on the subject, when Jus remarks wc re arrested
by the arrival of the time for the House to take
its recess.
EVENING SESSION.
When the Speaker called the House to order,
there being no quorum present,
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD moved a call of t'.e
House.
Mr. CUSHING called for the yeas and nays.;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 47, nays
♦8.    So the House refused tn order the call.
The CHAIR, having counted the member?,
announced- that there was a quorum in attend-
ance.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HARD coneladed his remarks in support
of his proposition to reduce the appropriation
one half; and the debate was continued by Mr.
PARKER; when
Mr. HAWES said, as the Senate had passed
a bill for the distribution of the public moneys
by a vote of 40 to 6, oil the moneys which could
be saved from these extraordinary appropria-
tions would add to the amount of the d stnl u-
tton.   He therefore moved the previous question.
The question on the second to the pievious
question was taken by tellers, and negatived—
only 38 voting in the affirmative.
36
