562
The  di bate «as  then  further continued   by ||
M ^r«   lULí. ol Vnmoiit, UNDCRWOOD, ,
CVÍÍiOt Sot Wi^m hiiv tts, CR'G^.L W.T-
pr.At :\ c VMCU^LPAU. m-i- lM. Mi KAY,
UtÚ\ E->. and WHITTLESEY of Ohio.
Mr. HALL, of Voiraont, calkd for the yeas
and niv«: winch weie ordeied; and were—yeas
9t¡. n„3;s 88.
So the amendment to the amendment of the
Committee of the Whole was decided m the
affirmative.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out and insert, (as stated veto day.)
Mi. ROBERTSON mo\cd to strike out the
•words, " and for the pinchase of additional land
in their neighborhood." He stated that he m tde
the motion because th" principle of aiuhonzitig
executive officers to purchase land «as a no\el
and highly obic-tionable one; and it would be
easy, at any tune, when land was r"quired for
siKh a purpose, to make an application to Con-
«■íess.
° Mr. CAMBRELENG briefly replied to the
gentleman from Virginia, and defended the pro- ,
pnetyol the nppropnations proposed in this bill '
tor the defense of the countiy. The measuies
embraced m it were admitted on all sides to be
indispensable. These appropriations were now
resisted because the surplus for distribution should
not be diminished, and in two years fiom this
time the gentlemen from the South and West
v. ould find their constituents called upon for m-
rrea"i d taxation. All lie desmd was to save a
i'omparatucly small amount for the necessary
defenses of the countiy, and he went on to show-
that the wholt e-itiaordmary appropnations
uo'ild not amount to more than two millions of
dolíais during the present session, while gentle-
men said there was a surplus of something like
fiftv millions of do'lars.
5lr. HARDIN contended that, if the House
had passed all the cxtraoidinaiy appropriations
proposed this session, they wou'd have exceeded
ten m.lhons of dollars. The argument of the gen-
tleman from New York, that if a certain mi asure
were passed the people would, in two years, be
called upon for an increase of taxes, was mere
speculation, in which Mr. H. put no faith. The
population was on the increase, and the reduction
of duties would produce greater consumption, and
consequently supersede the necessity of any in-
crease of taxes. Mr. H. said he would meke a
motion he had, he believed, hardly ever made in
his life before, though he had been twenty years
in legislative bodies—he would move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the yeas and
nays; whereupon
Mr HARDIN withdrew his motion.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said a few words in
opposition to the amendment of his colleague.
Mr. McKAY drew the attention of the gen-
tleman fiom Virginia Mr. Robertson to the
fact, that up to 1820 the Government invariably
purchased land without any special provision, or
appropriation for the purpose.
Mr. ROBERTSON replied that the gentleman
from North Carolina had produced a very bad
precedent, which it seemed the Committee of
Ways and Means were about to reestablish.
Atter a few words from Mr. WISE, the amend-
ment was rejected.
The amendment of the Committee as amended
by the House was then concurred in.
The following amendment of the Committee of
the Whole was then propounded:
For tlie armament of fortifications, in addition to the
amount included in the bill making appropriations lor tlic
support ol the Army lor 1836,$700.000 . Proiulcd, That tlie
President ot th« United State* bo. 'and he is hereby, author-
ized to expend so ruuehot the said sum as nifty be neces-
sary tlicrcior, ii establishing a national ibundery at such
place as he may deem expedient.
Mr. CAMBRELENG proposed the following j
amendment to come in after " 1836:"              .      |
Including cannon, mortars, howitzers, gan-carnages,
hov.itzer carriages, mortar beds, powder, eannou balls,
sheila, and for transportation of oidnance and ord'iance
stores ; and in the purchase of twenty aeres of laid, ad
joining the Kennebec arsenal, Maine ; and the purchase of
land, and inclosing tlie re ar of the public ground with a
brick wall and coping, at the FranL'ord arsenal, Pennsjl-
vania; and constructing a forging shop one story high, sev-
«nty-6ve by forty feet, of brick, at the arsenal, Watertown,
THE CONGRESSIONAL'G^QBf.
June 17,
^s'n< hn«ctts i and for the purchase of a steam '"ngine Of
ei.lit lun-e ptme , and  orquirliis 101 <>ine r^at roitMon
ro ' >r ~Mil
Mr. C. pvpla-ued that the effi et of the amend-
ment, if adopu d, wo-ild be to diminish the nppio-
pnation embraced in the amend mi nt to $450,000.
If the House should njectthis amendment, he
should then move to reduce the original amend-
ment fiom $700,000 to $450,000.
After some i< marks fiom Messrs. BR1GGS,
CAMBRELENG, and
moved  that the House
DE\NY, MERCER,
BOND,
Mr.  HUNTSMAN
adjourn.
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked for the yeas and
nays.    The H mse rtf.ised to order them;
And the motion to adjourn prevailed—ayes 76,
noes 75.
bo the House adjourned at eight o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 17, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated the following letter:
Senate Chamber, June 16.1836.
Sir I beg leave to inform the Senate through vou that I
ha\e resigned my scat a  a Senator from the State of Deto-
nare, in the Senate of the United States, fiom and after
tins di\.
In thus taking leave of the Senate, permit me, sir, to
tender to >ou, and turoiudi you to the body over which jou
preside, the a-su'i.iee oí rnv lush repard
I am,sir, most re-peetlullv, jour obedient servant,
ARNOLD NAUDAIN.
To the Hoi. Martin Van Buben, Piadcnt e/iAc Senate.
MEMORIALS, PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorials of
the city council of Charleston, South Carolina,
and of certain merchants of that place, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill to reeulate
the compensations of the custom-house officers;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. ROCBINS presented resolutions of the
General Assembly of Rhode Island, instructing
■ their Senators, and  requesting their Represent-
i atives, to use their exertions to obta'n from Con-
gress adequate appropriations for fortifications
| for the protection of Narragan&ett bay.
I Mr. ROBB1NS addressed the Senate m a
speech of considerable length, in favor of the
objects of these resolutions; after which they
were oidered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COanilTTEES.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported without amendment two bills fioin the
House that had been referied to that committee.
Mr. PRENTISS, from tlie Committee on Pen-
sions, renoited unfavorably.
Mr. TOMLINSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, repotted without amendment the bills
from the House for the relief of Jonas Comma
and John Hernck, and recommended their pas-
sage; also reported unfavorably on the bill for
the relief of James McParland.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which had been referred the bill pro-
viding for payment to certain States of interest
on their advances during the last war, reported
the same with amendments.
Mr. BENTON presented a letter from the Com-
missary General on the subject of an increase
of the Army; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted.
GRANTS OF LAND.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill granting
a certain quantity of land to the States of Indiana,
Illinois, Alabama, Mississippi, and Missouri,for
purposes of internal improvements, and the bill
to reestablish the currency of the Constitution
for Federal purposes, introduced by him on leave,
were taken up and postponed to, and made the
order of the day for, Tuesday next.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BLACK gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, aak leave to bring in-a bill to grant ad-
ditional compensation to the postmaster at Jack--
son, Mississippi.
JOHN DONNELL, STEPHEN HEARD, ETC.
The amendments of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill for the relief of John Donnell,
Stephen Heard, and others, were considered i and
U On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, that the
¡¡Senate disagree to «aid amendment, it was de-
! cided in the ainimative.
j                  RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. BUCHANAN submitted the following
resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolied, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of extending the pmsion
granted to Simon Kenton by an act appr-uod 2sth ot May
183J, to hi  widow, Elizabeth Kenton, during hir natural
hie.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resohed, That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ol makinz compensation lo
Hartvvell H Tarver lor losses, and toi provisions taken and
consumed by the military tones in lha late Florida earn
paigu.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill in addition to the act making appro-
I   pnations for the support of the Government for
II  the year 1836; and
I! The bill to authorize the Governor and Legis-
lative Council of the Territory of Florida to sell
and convey certain lands reserved for a seminary
of learning in said Territory, were severally read
the third time and passed.
DEPOSIT BILL.
The bill to regulate the deposit of the public
money came up on its final passage, when a dis-
cussion arose, which occupied the Senate nearly
the whole day: Messrs. WRIGHT, WALKER,
and BENTON opposing the bill, and Messrs.
WEBSTER, BUCHANAN, RIVES, TALL-
MADGE, CLAY, and NILES, speaking in its
favor.
The question was taken on the final passage
of the bill, and it was passed—yeas 39, nays 6;
as follows.
YEASr-Messrs. Duchanan, Calhoun, Clav, Crittenden,
Davi . Ewuij o' Ohio. Ewms ot Ilnnoi- G">ld^borough,
Hend'ick>, Hubbard, Ken!. Kins ot \bbimi. King of
Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, MrKean. Mangum, Morris,
Moore, Nicholas, Nile , Pai", Porter, Pnmiss, Preston,
Rives, Bobbin-, Robi.ison. Ruzsles, Shop' '\, Southard,
SvmiI, Tallmodge, Tipton, Tonilin^on, Wall, Webster, and
White—19
N\YS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Citthhert, Grundy,
Walker, and Wright—G
The Senate then adjourned.
i           HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
1                        Friday, Jura 17,1836.
' Mr. HEISTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a resolution to set
| apart to-morrow morning, from ten to twelve
o'clock, for the consideration of bills relating to
the District of Columbia; which was lost—ayes
93, noes 52, not two thirds.
Mr. FRY, fiom the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to Daniel McKenney, of the State of New York.
Also, a bill granting a pension to Seth Whit-
ney, of New Yoik;botii of which were lead twice
and committed.
Mr. LAWLER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Henry Riviere; which was read twice and
committed.
PAINTINGS IN THE ROTUNDA.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported, without amendment, the
joint resolution from the Senate to furnish the
vacant panels in the rotunda of the Capitol with
four historical paintings by American artists;
which, by general consent, was read a third time
and passed.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. EVANS moved to take up the motion (of
Mr. H*wes) to íeconsider the vote by which the
bill for the relief of Ellen Ahern Schmuck was
passed; which was agreed to.
Mr. E. then raised the point of order, that the
gentleman from Kentucky could not make that
motion, because he undeistood the member was
not within the bar at the time the bill was passed.
Mr. HAWES stated that he was within the
bar at the time, but he neither v oted one way nor
tbe other, and therefore he had « perfect right to
make the motion.
