1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
565
Mr. CLAY hoppd the resolution of the gentle- I!
man from South Carohna would be taken up and
acted on. He would be extremely glad to find
that the President was in possession of such in-
formation as would authorize stronger measures
on i he part of the Senate in favor of Texas.
The report of the committee was concurred m;
and
The Senate took up the resolution submitted
by Mr Prestos-, catling on the President for
such information in his possession a« it may not
be improper to communicate respecting the pres-
ent condition of Texas. This resolution was
•greed to without a division.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BLACK, on leave, introduced a bill to in-
crease  the  compensation of the postmaster at
Jackson, in the State of Mississippi; which was
read twice and referred.
PATENT tAWS.
On motion of Mr. RUGGLES, the bill to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts, and to repeal
all other acts and parts of acts on the same sub-
ject was taken up; and after some \erbal amend-
ments, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The f lowing1 bills were severally read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
The bill for the relief of Daniel Smith;
The bill for the relief of Archibald Small;
The bill for the relief of Alvarez Pisk, and the
legal  representatives of Thomas P. Eskndge,
deceased;
The bill to discontinue the land offices of the
United States at Woosterand Steubenville, Ohio;
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Doctor Absalom Baird;
The bill for the relief of Sarah Angel, and the
Other heirs-at-law of Benjamin King, deceased;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel
Tyler;
The bill authorizing the construction of a rail-
road in Florida;
The bill for the relief of Benjamin and Nancy
Merrill;
The bif! to authorize the location of a railroad
from Mobile to the bay of Pascagoula;
The bill for the relief of the reserved townships
in the State of Indiana;
The bill for the relief of James Forbes;
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel P. Tatum,
The bill for the relief of James Caulfield;
The bill for the relief of David Browning;
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Boone;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Shofer,
The bill to amend the act to grant certain re-
linquished and unappropriated lands in the State
of Alabama for the purpose of improving 'he
tiavisation of the Tennessee, Coosa, Cahawba,
and Black Warrior rivers;
The bill for laying off the towns of Fort Ma-
deira and Burlington, in the county of Des Moines
and the towns of Bellevue, Dubuque, and Peru,
in the county of Dubuque, Territory of Michigan,
and other purposes; (as amended, confining the
preemptions to one acre lots, embracing improve-
ments,)
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act au-
thorizing the laying off a town on Bean river, in
the State of Illinois, and for other purposes,"
approved February 5, 1829;
The bill for the relief of the trustees of common
schools, in township eight, range eleven east, in
the State of Mississippi;
The bill for the relief of James Weltbank;
The bill to authorize the President of theUnited
States to cause to be issued to Albert J. Smith
and other*!, patents for certain reservations of
land in the Michigan Territory;
The bill for the" relief of Francis R. Theobald;
and
The bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Stone;
The following bills, after having been consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, were laid on
the table:
The bill for the relief of John Dement;
The bill for the relief of Tobias Crnm;
The bill  to amend  the act entitled "An act
supplementary to the act for the relief of certain
surviving officers and soldiers of the Revolution;
and
The bill for the relief of Robert Dickey, of
New York.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
S4TURDAT, Junt 18, 1836.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the fuither con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
completing vessels of war on the stocks, and for
repairing and equipping those in ordinary, and
the same was recommitted to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the peace
establishment of the N.ivy; and a bill making
appropriations for repairing and equipping vessels
in ordinarv, and providing for the building of
two brigs and three steam vessels; which were
read twice, and committed.
ORDER OF   BUSINESS.
Mr. SMITH asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Revoked, That on Monday next, at twelve o'clock, and
at the same hour on each  occessivedav, the house Will
resolve itself into ttie Committee of the Whole on the «ate
of the Union, to consider, until completed, bill No. 259,
makins appropriation-for the Militan Aeademv fortheyear
1838; bill No 307, making additional appropriations for the
Delaware breakwater, and for certain harbors, and remot-
uig obstructions in and at the mouths of certain mere, and
for other purposes, tor the jear 1635, and bill No. 323,
making appropriations for certain military and other roads,
and lor examinations and ■■unev, lor li$)S
Objection being made, Mr. S. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked the Chair's opinion
as to the fact whether all these bills were not em-
braced in the sptcial older of the 26th of Januaiy
last.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, had under-
stood the Chair to have so decided some days
since.
The CHAIR replied that he had given no such
decision, but that there was a conveisation on the
sub)ect between gentlemen on the floor.
Mr. PATTON asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion to Suspend the rules; but the House
refused to order them.
In reply to Mr. WHITTLESEY,
The CHAIR said the resolution of the 36th of
January bt nig in suelj \ cry general tci ras,he would
not undertake to give such a construction to it
himself as to embrace those bills, but have i* to
the House to decide the point.
After a numbrr of suggestions from Messrs.
BOYD, HAMER, and MERCER,
Mr SMITH inquired of the Chair if the sub-
ject of the construction of that uider would not
come up as soon as the fortification bill was dis-
posed of.
The CHAIR replied that it would.
Mr. SMITH accordingly withdrew the reso-
lution.
PUBLIC REVEIfUE.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of offering the following resolu-
tions; which were read:
ReiolceH, That the revenue receivable under the present
laws is, and will be, more than is required for the fair and
legitimate wants of the Government, and that provision
ought to be made for it-, reduction
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to
this House, at the commencementof the next session, what
alteration can be made in the existing tariff of duties, con-
sistently with the principles of the several acu unpowiig
duties upon imports, with a view to reduction.
Resolved, Th it the Secretary of the Trpasnry also report
upon the best modeofdimimshingthe revenuean«irtgfrom
the public land-, without retarding the settlement of tiie
new States, or impairing the interests of the General Gov-
ernment, and, generally, his views as to the best mode of
rediicini the revenue to the fair and constitutional wants
of the Government.
Mr. MANN, of New York, asked for the yeas
and nays; but before the House passed upon the
motion,
Mr. HOWELL moved to lay the motion to
suspend.on the table.
Mr PARKS called for the yeas and nays on
tfiM motion; which being ordered,
Mr. HOWELL withdrew his motion.
The yeas and nays on the motion to suspend
\vt íe oidertd. and the question being then taken,
was decided in the negative—yeas 1SÍ1, naya 76—
not two-thirds; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. A-he, Barton, Beal, Bean, Deaumont,
Bell, Bokee, Boon, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Brovvn. Burns,
Bjiiuni, Canibrcleng, Campbell, Carter, Ca e\. Chamy,
Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel H Claiborne, Cleveland,
Connor,Craiz, Crainei. Cushmnn, Deberrv. Dick<ou, Dou-
bleday, Dromgoole, Dtinlap, Fairfield, Farlni, Forester,
French. 1>>, William K 1 uller,Galbraith, Jamei. Garland,
Gilli t, Grantlaiid, Halev, Joseph Hall, Hainer, il.innegan,
SiuiiiilS Hirnsoii, \lbcrt G Ham-on, Iline-, H-vtiics,
Hopkins, Howard, Hublev, Huiumg.oii, Iliiiit-niaii, Ing-
ham. Jabii JaekiOii, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Kk-ImiiI M.
Jolin-on,Cive John-oii, Jolin W Jone-, Jucison, Kilgore,
Rinnan!. Lane, Ljvvler, Lav, Gideon Lee, Luke L< a. Leon-
ard, Lewi-, Login, Lo\all,L\on, Abijah Mann, Job Mann,
John V. Matón, William Mason, Moseg Mason, Maury,
May. j\I< Kay, McKeon, McKim, MeLune, Jlillei, Morgan,
Muhlenbcig, Pige, Parks, Patter-on, Patton, Franklin
Pierce, Phelps. Pincknev, Renchcr, John Reynold*, Jos  pli
Reynolds, Roane, Robertson, lingers, Sehenck, Seymour,
Augustine II Shcppeid, Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Smith,
Speight, Stanrtefer, Taliaferro, John Thom-on, Toucey,
Tnrnll, Wagener, Ward, Warded, Webster, Weeks, and
Thomas T. Wlnttlesev—121.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Ilenian Allen,
Antlionv, Ashlev, Bailey, Borid, Borden, Bngg-, John Cal-
hoon, William I!. Calhoun, George Chamber-, John Cham-
bers, Child', Clark, Crane, Curbing, Darlington. Denny,
Dieker^on, Cvans, Everett, Tovvler, Piulo C Fuller, Bice
Garland, Granger, Gravson, Grcuncll, Griffin, Ililand Hall,
Hard. Hardin, Harlan Harper, Hazeltinc, Hender-on. (leis-
ter, Hoar. Howell, Hunt, IngPr-nll, William Jack-on. Janes,
Henry John-on, Lansing, Lapnrte, Lawrence, Thomas Lee,
Lincoln, Love, Samp on Mason, MeCarty, McComas,
McKennan, Mercer, Milhgau, Moms, Parker. Dutee J.
Pearce, Phillip-, Potts, Reed, William B Shepard, Slade,
Spanglcr, Storer, Waddv Thomp-on, Turner, Underwood,
Vamlerpoel, \ inton, Washington, White, Eli-ha Whittle-
sey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—76
REORGANIZATION   OF THE   GENERAL   LAND
OFFICE.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, íeported the Senate bill to provide for the
reorganization of the General Land Office, with
sundry amendments; which was committed.
Mr." B., from the same committee, moved that
the bill be made the special order for Wednesday
ntx.t at twihe o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, move to include
also the bill regulating the salaries of clerks in the
different offices; uluch was lost,
i     The motion of Mr. Boon was also lost.
BH.LS   INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill making
appiopnations for barracks at Key West; which
was read twice, and committed.
Also, a. bill to autlionze the President of the
United Statf s to furnish certain ordnance to sev-
eral Statf s; which v as read twice, and on motion
of Mr. Johnson, ordcied to be engrossed for a
thud leading on Monday next.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Tynt rand others; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. W., fiom the same committee, made unfa-
vorable reports in the cases of Jesse Morrison,
William Mornson, Joseph W. Page, Henry T.
Evans, George Thornuoiough, and John Ken-
nedy.
PENSION SYSTEM.
Mr. WARDWELL moved a suspension ot the
rules for one hour, for the purpose of disposing
of the bill to extend the provisions of the act en*
titled " An act supplementary to the act for the
relief of certain surviving officers and soldiers of
the revolution;" which was agreed to—110 to 48.
The bill was reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the 11th instant, with certain pro-
posed amendments, (the details of which have
been before given in our columns.)
The amendments having all been severally con-
curred in,                                      .
Mr LANE moved the previous question on
the engrossment of the bill; which was seconded
by the House—ayes 81, noes 41.
Mr. PATTON moved to lay the bill on the
'"Mr JARVIS  asked for the yeas and naya;
which  were ordered; and were-yeas 64, nays
129.  So the House refused to lay the bill on the
i table.
