1886.
TttK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
aegan, Hardin, Harlan, Samuel S. Harrison, Albert <*• Hat-
n-on, Ilaues, Hawkins, Haxeltine, Henderson, Heister, I
tiopktn*. ihmard, Ilublev. Huntington, Huntsman, Ing-
ham J iIkz Jaek*«>ii. Joseph Johii"On, Richard M Johnson,
c_a\i JobU"Oii, Johu W Jones, Benjamin Jones, Jud«on,
Kilgorc, kimiard. Lane, 1.«porte, Lan renco, Joshua Lee,
Thomas Lie, Leonard, Li i~, Lincoln, Logan, Lncas,
L>on, Job Mann, Martin, John Y Mason, William Mason,
Mims Mason, Sampson Mi<on, Ma), McComas, McKen-
nan, McKeou, Mercer, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Mor-
iu, Mulileuberg, Owens, Parker, Patterson, Franklm
Pierce, liuttee J Pearce.James A. Pearco, Pettigrew,
Phelps. Phillips, Picken«, Rencher, John ReMiolds, Joseph
liouolds Ripley, Russell, Seymour, Augustine H Shep-
perd. Shields, Shinn, Slade," Snntli. Spangler, Speight,
Storer, Sutherland, Tajlor, John Thomson, Toucey,
Towns, Tumll, Luderwood, Vanderpoel, VV agener. Ward,
Ward* ell, Washington, White, and Thomas T. Whittie-
sej —U2.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ileman Allen, Ash, Ashley,,
Bailey, Beaumont, Bond, Buncb, Cnmbreleng, Carter
Child-, John F. li. Claiborne, Coles, Crane, Darlington'
Dromgoolo, Evans, Etcrett, Philo C Fuller, William K"
Fuller, Rice Garland. Granger, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hard'
Harper, Hoar, Howell, Ingersoll, William Jackson, Janes'
Jarvi", Jemiir. Henry Johnson, Lansing, Lavrler, Lay,
Luke Lea, Love, Lojall, Abijah Mann, Maury, McCarty,
McKay. McKim, McLenc, Milhgan, Page, Parks, Patton,
Peyton, Pott". Reed. Roane, Robertson, Rogers, Sickles,
Slandefer, Taliaferro, Thomas, Vinton, Webster, Elisha
Whittle"ey, Louis Williams, Sherrod Williams, and
\\ lse—66.
Mr. HAWES then moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded by the House—yeas
87,  nays 72.
Mr. RENCHER called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question; which were not
ordered.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the rote
by which the previous question was seconded;
which motion was decided to the negative—yeas
88,  nays 93.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
without a division.
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, moved that
the House adjourn; which was lost.
Mr. GRANGER called for the yeas and nays
on the main question, (being on ordering the
bill and amendments to be engrossed;) which
were ordered, and were—yeas 163, nays 44; as
follows:
YBA3—Messrs. Adams, ChiKon Allan, Ileman Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Bailey, Bell, Bockee, Bond, Boon, Bor
dea, Boyd, Briggs, Buchanan, Buncb, B> aura, John Cal-
hoou, Willi uu B Calhoun, Carr, Carter, Casey, John
Chambers, Clianev, Chapman, Clrapin, Child*, Nathaniel
II. Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Connor, Corwin, Craig,
Cramer, Crane, dishing, Darlington, Deberry, Denny,
Dickerson, Doubleday, Lvans, Everett, Forever, Towler,
French, Fry, Plnlo C. Fuller, Galbrailh, Jiraes Garland,
Riee Garland, Granger. Grantland,Grave , Grayson, Gren-
nell. Griffin, Haley, Hannegan, Hard, Hardin, Harlan,
Harper, Samuel .S. llarrisou, Albert G. Harrison, Hawe«,
Hawkins, llazoiiinc, Henderson, Hester. Hoar, Hopkins,
Howard, Hotvtll, Uublc), Hunt, HunUmiii, Ingersoll,
I ri™!iaiu, tt ílliam Jacksou, Jabcz Jackson, Janes, Jenifer,
Jo-eph Johri"on, Richard M Johnson, Htnry Johnson,
John VV. Jones, Bcnjasuri Jonerf, Judson, Kilgore, Kin
nard, Lane, Laporle, Lavvler, Lawrence, Lay, Thomas
Lee,Lu\e Lea, Loonard, Leu is, Lincoln, Logan, Love,
Lucas, L>nn, Job Mann, Martin, Mo*es Mason, Sampson
Mason, Maury, May, McCarty, McComas, McKennan,
Mercer, Miller, Myiéan, Montgomery, Morgan, Morris,
Muhlenberg, Oivens, l'arker, Patterson, Patton, Dutee J.
Pearce, James \. Ptarce, Pettigrew, P. y ton, Phelps, Phil-
lip*, Pickens, Pott , Reed,Rencher, John Reynold*, Joseph '
Iíejiiold-", Ripley, Robertson, Russell, Seymour, Augustine
II. S.iepp-rd, rtbiolds, Shinn, Slade, Smith, Spangler,
Speig'it, standefer, btorer, Sutherland, Taliferro, John
Tlioin-on, Toucey, Underwood, Vinton, Wagener, Wash-
ington, Webster, White, Elisha Whittlesey, Thomas T.
Wlunlcsey, Lewis Williams, and bberrod U libaras—163
NWS—Messrs \sh, Barton, Beale, Bean, Beaumont,
Brown, Burns, Cauibrtlong, John F. H. Claiborne, Celes,
Cushman, Dromgoole, Fairfield. William K. Tuller, Gillct,
Joseph Hall. Hamer, Huiitm«ton, Jams, Cave Johnson,
Lan~ing, Joshua Lee, Loyal!, Abijah Mann, John Y. Mason,
William Mason, McKay, MeKeon,McKim,McLene, Page,
Parks, Franklm Pierce, Pmckney, Roane, Rogers, Sickles,
Tavlor, Thomas, Vanderpoel, Ward, Wardvvell, Weeks,
and Wise—44.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time to-day.
Mr. TOUCEY moved an adjournment^ whicn
was lost.
The bill being on its passage,
Mr. LOYALL called for the yeas and hays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 155, nays
3d; as follows:
YE IS—Mes«r« 4dam«. Chilton Allan, Ileman Allen,
Anthony, A"hle>, B.ulcv, Bell, Bockee, Bond, Boon, Bor-
den, Bov^e, Boyd, Brisan, Bunch, Byuum John Calhoun,
Williim B Calhou'i, Carr, Carttr, Casey, John Chamber ,
Ohinii, Clnpman, Clupin, Child-.. Nathaniel II. Clai-
borne, Clark, Cleveland, Connor, Corwin, Craig, Cramer,
Crane, Cushmg, Darlington, Deberry, Denny, Dickerson,
Doubleday, Evans, Everett, Forester, Fowler, French, Fry,
PhiloC. Fuller, GaJbralth, James Garland, Rice Garland,
Granger. Grantland, Grave*, Gravson, Grennell, Gnflin,
Haley, Hannegan, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Samuel S. liar
rison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Hazelune,
Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Hopkins, Howard, Howell,
Hubley, Hunt, Huntsman, Ingersoll, Ingham, William
Jackson, Jabcz Jackson, Jane , Jeniler, Joseph Johnson,
John VV. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judsou, Kilgore, Kui-
nard, Lane, Laporte, Law ler, Lawrence, Lay, Thomas
Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Logan, Love,
Lyon, Job Man, Martin, Moses Mason, Sampson Mason,
May, McCarty, McComas, McKennan, Mercer, Miller,
Milhgan, Montgomery, Morgan, Morns, Muhlenberg, Par
kcr, Patterson, Patton, Dutee J. Pearce, James A. Pearce,
Pettigrew, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pickens, Potts, Reed,
Rencher, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Robertson, Russell,
Augustine H. Shepperd, Shields, Shinn, Slade, Smith,
Spangler, Speight, Standefer, Storer, Sutherland,Taliafer-
ro, John Thomson, Toucey, Underwood, Vinton, Wag
ener, Washington, Webster, White, Elisha Whittlesey,
Thomas T Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod
Williams—155.
NAYS—Messrs. Ash, Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Brown,
Burns, John F. H. Claiborne, Coles, Cushman, Drom
goole, Fairfield, William K Tuller, Gillet, Joseph Hall,
Hamer, Jams, Cave Johnson, Lansing, Gideon Lee, Loj-
all, Abijah Mann, John Y. Mason, McKay, MeKeon,
McKim, Parks, Franklin Pierce, Pinckney, Koane,Rogers,
Sickles, Taylor, Thomas, Tumll, Vanderpoel, Ward,
WardweU, and Wise—38.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill amendatory of the
act for the continuation of the Cumberland road
was rejected; which motion was entered and lies
over.
The House then adjourned, at nine o'clock,
p. m.             _______________________
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, June 22, 1836.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a joint resolution for the relief
of Ezra Thurbur; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Messrs. TOMLINSON, LINN, and PREN-
TISS^ severally reported bills from the House,
that had been referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported tho bill from the House pro-
viding for the payment of certain pensioners of
the United States at Dandridge, Tennessee, with
amendments; which were read; and on motion
of Mr. T., the same having been considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and the amendments
being agreed to, it was ordered to a third read-
ing-                                                                               ,
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING,of Alabnma,on leave,introduced a
bill for therelief of JubalB. Hancock; which was
twice read and referred.
j                       SPECIE  CIRCULATION.        *
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Benton,
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to inquire
of the deposit banks, and other banks of good
credit, whether, in the event of their continuing
or becoming the depositories of the public money,
they are willing to relinquish the Circulation of
notes less thai) ten dollars, and to promote the
gold currency, was considered in its oider.
The resolution was opposed by Messrs. EW-
ING of Ohio, WEBSTER, and WALKER, and
supported by Messrs. BENTON, NILES, and
MANGUM; and
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the resolution
was, for the present, laid on the table.
The other resolutions lying on the table were
agreed t0-
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was read from the House of Repre-
sentatives, by Mr. Fuinilik, their Clerk, stating
that the House had passed the bill from the Sen-
ate to regulate the deposits of the public money,
with an amendment, in which they request the
concurrence of the Senate.
The amendment is as follows:
Strike out the thirteenth section, and inkertin lieu there-
of the foilowing-
Sec. 13 Jlnd be it further enacted? That the money which
shall be in the Treasury of the United States on the fir.tday
of January, 1837, reserving the sum of ($5,000,000, shall be
deposited with such of the several Slates, in proportion to
their respective representation in the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States, as shall by law author-
ize their treasurers, or tho competent authorities, to receive
the sun* OB the tern  hereinafter specified; and the Sec-
retary ofthc Treasury shall dehverthe same to such Treas-
urer, or other competent authonties, on receiving certifi-
cates of deposit therefor, signed by such competent author-
lUes, in such form as may be prescribed by the Secretary
aforesaid, which certificates shall express the usual and
legal obligations, and shall pledge the faith of the State for
the safe-keeping and repayment thereof, and shall pledge
the faith ol the States receiving the same to pay the Baid
moneys and every part thereof, from time to tunc, whenever
the same shall be required by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, lor the purpose of defraying any wants of the public
Treasury beyond the amount ofthc five millions afbtestiid:
Provided, That if any Sute declines to receivs its propor-
tion of the surplus aforesaid, on the terms before named,
the same shall be deposited with the other States agreeing
to accept the same on deposit, in the proportion aloresaiil:
And provided farther, That when said money, or any part
thereof, shall be wanted by the said Secretary, to meet the
appropriations made by law, the same shall be called form
ratable proportions, within one year, as nearly as conve
niently may be, from the different States with which the
same is deposited, and shall not be called for in sums ex-
ceeding $10,000, from any one State, in any one month,
without previous notice of thirty days for every additional
sum of $-20,000 which may at any time be required.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment; and after some remarks
from Messrs. WEBSTER, CLAY, MORRIS,
BUCHANAN, CLAYTON, WHITE, CAL-
HOUN, and BENTON, the amendment was con-
curred in.
LANDS TO ALABAMA.
The amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate, to amend the act granting certain relin-
quished and, unappropriated lands in the State of
Alabama, for the improvement of the navigation
of the Tennessee, Coosa, Cahawba, and Black
Warrior rivers, was considered; and
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, that
tho Senate concur therein, it was decided in the
affirmative.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the third
time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Henry Stoddard;
The bill for the relief of Jacob F. Walter;
The bill for the relief of George Gottand others;
The bill for the relief pf Charles M. Frazier;
The bill for the relief of George Bender;
The bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes, a
spy in the late war;
The bill for the relief of Thomas Cooper}
The bill in addition to the act for the relief of
James L. Cat heart;
The bill tp provide for the issuing a land patent
to Thomas B. Clark;
The bill regulating the terms of the superior
courts of the middle district of Florida, and for
other purposes;
The  bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Moore;
The bill to provide for the moral and religious
instructions of the Army of the United States;
The bill confirming claims to lands in the State
of Louisiana;
The bill for the relief of William P. Ralhbone;
The bill for the relief of Henry Newman and
others;
The bill for the relief of Ebenczer Phillips and
others;
The bill for the relief of John Alinon and
George Woolsey, and
The joint resolution referring the petition and
papers of the heirs of Robert Fulton, deceased,
to the Secretary of the Navy, to report thereon
to Congress.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were sev-
erally read twice, and referred:
The bill for the relief of John McCarroll?
The bill to grant to the New Orleans and Nash*
rille Railroad Company the right Of way through
the public lands of the United States; and
The bill making appropriations for certain for-
tifications of the United States for the year Í83S.
BUILDING FOR THE PATENT OrFICE.
On motion of Mr. RUGGLES, the Senate took
up the bill providing for the construction of a
suitable buifding for the Patent Office, and Ihe
same having been considered as in Committee ol
the Whole, it was ordered to a third reading.
VETO MESSAGE.
The Senate then took up the message of ih 
