1836.
THE CONGRESSKMA1Í 6L0É$.
m
Mr. CLAY said he knew that the committee ¡'
had been attentively consideringthis subject, and i
that they had been assisted by the cooperation
of th" Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and that, after much pains and labor, they had
«¡treed on a system which, though it might not
be perfect, was yet calculated to do much good.
What were the evils complained of under the
present system ? Fraud and violence. Gentle-
men might get up and deny that there had been
any. yet they spoke only of their own belief as
to what had taken place in their respective States.
But this fraud and violence had not been charged
against any one State in ¡¡articular; but the charge
had been general; and that fraud and violence had
existed tonnalarmirrgdegree in relation tothepub-
lic land sales, there was scarcely room to doubt.
They luid abundant evidence on their tables to
satisfy any one on that head. His friend from
Louisiana knew that the frauds with regard to
preemptions in that State had been so great that
the Government had though  proper to make
thorn the subject of a special communication to
the Legislature. It was in vain to deny the ex-
istence of combinations and frauds. These might
not be perpetrated by individuals in the State
where the land sales were, but by combined bands
of wealthy individuals coming from other quar-
ter . Mr. C. went on at length in support of the
bill, contending that it was the best measure that
could be desired to cure the evils existing in the
present system.
Mr. ROBINSON was not so much opposed to
this bill as some gentlemen who had addressed
the Senate on the subject; but still, believing it
to be exceedingly imperfect and liable to strong
objections, he must vote against it. He had
risen, however, not to enter into an argument on
the merits of the biH, but to say a word or two as
to the violence that had been committed at one-of
the solrs in his State. This violence had been
confined to cases where the actual settler and cul-
tivator was anxi*us to proture the land which he
cultivated. Combinations for this purpose had
occurred. The settlers in that district met some
days previous to the «ale, and selected a commit-
tee of respectable persons to investigate the sub-
ject. This committee examined into the case of
each bona fide settler, and all such as they found
embraced in that description they determined
■hould have their lands, determining that they
would cry " preemption," whenever the settle-
ment of such person was offered for sale, and
prevent any one else from bidding for it. Where
there was notan actual settlement and cultivation,
nothing of this kir.d had taken place. So strong
was the feeling on this subject in his State, that
he doubted very much, if a stranger were to go
into any neighborhood and purchase the land of
an actual settler, whether he would be permitted
to remain there. He believed that violence had
never been committed at the land sales in his
State to prevent fair competition, but only to
prevent the speculator from getting the home of
the actual settler and cultivator. Combinations
of speculators were generally composed of non-
residents, as those in the 8tates where the sales
took place had not the funds for such purposes.
If this bill would accomplish the object in view,
and put down combinations, he would with great
pleasure vote for it; but from all the examina-
tion he had given to the subject, he was con-
vinced that it would add to, rather than diminish,
the present evils. One word as to these frauds.
He was satisfied that they had been much over-
rated, mid that the principal frauds arose from
the preemption floats.
Mr. MORRIS differed with his colleague as to
the principles on which the bill was based. His
colleague looked upon the public lands as a source
of revenue, while he thought the great subject
for which the sales should be made, was the
settlement of the lands, and the security of the
Eurchaser.    After stating his objections to the  ,
ill, Mr. M. suggested that the best plan to cure
the evils complained of would be to stop the  j
sales at public auction, and sell the  lands to the
actual settlers only in small quantities.     This
would, ax all events, give them time to devise
some system that would meet with more general
concurrence than the present.
The debate was further continued by Messrs. j
BLACK, WALKER, and CALHOUN; after I
which the question was taken on Mr. Walker's '
motion to postpone   the bill indefinitely; and it
was carried—yeas 25, nays 15; ns follows:
YEAS —Me?«rs. Itenton, ISInrX. Crown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Cnthbert, Hondriekp, Hubbard, Kin  of Ala-
bama, Linn, Moore, Morris, Nicholas, Nile , Pace, Por-
;cr, Preston, Rives, Robinson. t¡uepl«v, Tipton, Walker.
Wall, White, and Wright—AY           "                       .
N\YS—Messrs. Bayard, Clav, Clavton. Ci'ittenden,
Davis, Ewinc, of Ohio, Goldshoroush. Kent, Knight, I.eioh,
Prentiss, Robbing, Southard, Tomlm-on, and Webster—"Í5.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tm-RSDAT, June 23, 1836.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Eliza
Causin and Ann Lurner-, which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. LAY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported r bill for the relief of
Alexander Gillis; also a bill granting a pension
to James Boylan; which were read twice and
committed.
Mr. INGHAM, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Cushing; also a bill for the relief of John A.
Peterson; which were read twice and committed.
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Simon Moss; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported Senate bill for the relief of the
owners of tbe brig Dispatch, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass; also, Senate bill
to allow a drawback on certain duties; which
were committed.
• Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, reported Senate bill in relation to re-
ducing the duty on railroad iron; which, hy gen-
eral consent, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported Senate bill
to increase the military establishment of the
United States, with an amendment; also, Senate
bill for the moral and religious instruction of the
Army, with a recommendation that it do not
pass; both of which bills were committed.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the corporation of the first Presbyterian Church,
in Yorktown, West Chester county, New York;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BEAUMONT, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Peters and Wil-
liam Allen, deceased; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. PRY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported a bill granting a pension to
Philip Harker, of Virginia; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom had been
referred the amendments of the Senate to the bill
to reorganize the Post Office Department, report-
ed the same to the House, with the recommenda-1
tion that the House concur in the amendments;
which were referred to the Committee of the'
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL, by leave, presented a me-
morial from the merchants of Philadelphia, asking
that the bill may be passed as amended; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole, to
which the bill had been referred.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Brown; which was read twice ami committed.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to grant a quantity
of land to the Territory of Florida, for the pur-
pose of erecting puhlic buildings; Which was read
twice and referred.
Mr. VANDERPOEL, from the select com-
mittee to whom the subject had b«en referred, re-
ported a bill authorizing the erection of a monu-
ment to the memory of Major Williams, one of
the captors of Major Andre-; which Was read
twice and committed.
Mr. HA WES made an ineffectual attempt te
iake up his resolution ¡h rotation to tb« West
Point Academy.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. HOP-
KINS and HAYNES.
Mr. GILLET moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of taking up the bill on the sub-
ject of new gold coins, and on this motion called
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered; and
were—yeas 91, nays 79; not two thirds.
REORGANIZATION   OF THE POST  OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the House went
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Howard in the chair) on the bill
for the reorganization of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and tiie more effectually to provide lor the
settlement of the accounts thereof.
Some of the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in.
The amendments increasing the salaries of tbe
clerks in the Department were disagreed to.
The question pending was the amendment of
the Senate striking out the forty-third and forty-
fourth sections, which prevent the postmaster.-
from receiving any emolument from pigeon-holes
or boxes.
A debate on the various amendments ensued,
in which Messrs. WARDWELL, PHILLIPS,
MANN of New York, JOHNSON of Louisiana.
CARTER, LANE, EVERETT, PARKER,
BRIGGS, HARPER, UNDERWOOD, and
REED took part: when, the hour having arrived
for proceeding to the special order of the day,the
committee rose.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
On motion of Mr.SUTHERLAND, the House
went into Committee of the Whole, in pursuance
of the special order of yesterday, (Mr. Lincoln
in the chair:) when
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the committee adopted an amendment
to the harbor bill, making an appropriation of
$50,000 for the improvement of the Ohio river
between Pittsburg and the falls; §50,000 from
the falls to New Orleans; and $30,000 for the
Mississippi and Missouri rivers, above the,mouth
of the Ohio; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON then modified his amendment,
by inserting an additional clause appropriating
$30,000 for the improvement of the Ohio river
between Pittsburg and the falls of the Ohio.
After some remarks by Messrs. VINTON,
SMITH, UNDERWOOD, ASHLEY, LANE,
HA WES, WHITTLESEY of Ohio, DENNY,
I HUNTSMAN, BOON, MERCER, and CHAM-
BERS, the amendment of Mr. Vinton was
adopted.
Mr. ASHLEY then moved the following as a
modification of the above:
For tile improvement of the Ohio and Mississippi, from
Louisville to New Oileans, 570,000; for the improvement
of the Mississippi river, above the mouth of the Ohio and
tbe Missouri river, to Independence, $50,000, in such, mari-
ner, and for the removal of such obstructions, as the Secre-
tary of War shall direct;
which was agreed to..
The committee then took op the bill making
appropriations for the improvement of certain
| harbors therein named for* the year 1836.
The bill having been read through, Mr. BELL
moved to strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
He did so (he «raid) for the purpose of trying the
sense of the committee on the principles of the
bill. Mr. B. then spoke at some-length, going
fully into the merits of the bilk
Before Mr. BELL had concluded his remarks,
the hour having arrived,
The House took the usual recess.
.     ,                      EVENING SF.SSION.
Oft mqübn of Mr. HAYNES, by leave, it waa
Rciolferf, That the Committee ofOlahns be ¡Mitraste* to
inauirc into the expediency of toahimt compon*!     to
Colonel John McKiune, for lu  ««WW*1* WMl «me*  m
securing a debt due by U. W. Denton to the Treasury of
the United States.                                                .   .
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, :>y leave, it was
Resoheá, That the Committee on Revolutionary Cla*"> 
he instructed to inquire into the expediency of paying totne
M^Udimtl J«h« Goglrin, of tbe Vligma™ ™*£
tTlhiwi me ««tea years half pay, (wtft iirtere*,) t>nk -
Sed by law to UieVidoiw and children of tb«e office  «t
$?«& Une who died in the seivice In the revolutionary
war.
