mo
TOB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB:
June 24,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claim*
be instructed t« inqu.re into the expedicnev of pavuic to
the heirs oí Kn-ieii Robert « «kin's, dtceased, ot the \ lr-
-ni  continental line, thewi ii vear 1 hull piy (with inter
c^t> i oin -■ il Í, 11« io the u idowft anil cliildren ot uiosq
ri'ntr- ot th  said lint who died in the.senu.em the war
Ot the Revolution
SE.WTE BILLS FEFERRED.
The following bills from the Sentte were, by
Cf.'i nl consent, severally lead twice, and com-
.ujt'td:
\n act for the rcluf of the legal heirs of James
Bell, or of Mai ¡rare t Bell, deceased;
An ai t foi the íelirf of Fnrker Chase;
An aet for the íeNf of Lamed Swallow;
An act to a'ithoitze   the  Washington county
Tuinpike Company, in the State of Missouri, to
construct a toad through the public lands;
An act to disapprove and annul certain acts of
the Territorial Legislature of  Florida, and for !
other purposes; and
A resolution respectirg certain acts of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Florida.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. GRAVES made an ineffectual attempt to
have the bi>l of the Stnate to provide foi the pur-
chase of the private stock m the Louisville and
Portland Canal made the order of the diy for
to-monow, between the hours of half past ten
and twelve o'clock.
ADRAIIAII FORBES.
The House concuiied n   the amendments of
the Senate to the bill for the lehef of Abraham
Forbes..
PATMIKT OF PENSIONS.
The bill of the House, as amended by the
Senate, to piovide for the payment of pensionéis
at PuWski and Dandnd^e, Tennessee, «as taken
up, and referred to a committee.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole, and took up the bill making appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain harbors
therein named for the year 183C
The question pending was the motion of Mi.
Bell to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. BELL resumed his remaiks in opposition
to the bill, inasmuch as it was a scheme to increase
executive patronage, and exhaust the suiplus
revenue of the Government. The bill (he said)
had grown out of a system of pohcy adopted for
the purpose of exhausting the Tieasuiy. He
adverted with some severity to the policy of the
Government towards the Indian tribes, all of
which, he contended, was for the purpose of
increasing executive power and influence. Mr.
8. spoke at great length in reply to remarks
heretofore made by various members of the
House, and noticed several editorial articles of
the Globe, and denied that he had been the
'eader in any of the disorders which had occurred
in the House, or that he had interrupted the busi-
ness of the House. He said he had resolutions
drawn up expressive of his views in relation to
executive pationage, but never had hadan oppor-
tunity of offering tuem, as it had always, during
t'ie present session of Congress, required a vote
of two thirds to get in any lesolution. In conse-
quence ot this, he was compelled to take the
oppoituntty of discussing general principles,
winle the appropriation bills were under consid-
eiation. He went into a review of the Pies-i-
dent's com se, from the period of his first election
tt> the piesent tune, leferring to vanous docu-
ments in support of his digumeiit; and adveited
with great seventy to the party tactics of the
State of New York. He then went generally into
an examination of the subject «f internal im-
provements; the tariff; the pohcy of the Admin-
istration in leUtion to the removal of the Indians;
the subject of nullification, and the United States
Bank. He next read several papéis to show that
the various Democratic conventions throughout
the country were made, up principally of officers
of the Government, Of postmasters, marshals,
judges, dc.
Mr. B. then went into an examination of the
policy of the Administration in relation? to the
gold currency, which he pronoirhced a consum-
mate humbug.    While the party (he said) were.
| professing to uphold the scheme of a gold cur-
rency, they were incorporating banks in n much
greater number than they had evei heietofoie
clone. The yellow bous were held up at the hust-
ings, by putisans of the Administration, as a
proof of the patnotism of the Piesident, and of
the membeis ot his Administration,while, at the
same time, there were a greater number of banks,
and a laiger amount of bank papei in circulation,
than had ever existed heretoioie. Mi B. adverted
to the effort made to amend the constitution to
as to provide for the election ot a President by
the people; and siid he considcud the nitmbus
of the House of Repicsent.Uives much mora pure
than the members of a Baltimore convention;
and that they Were not subject to the corruptions
of a paity caucus.
It was not true (he said) that the people could
not en; from the days of Motes to the present
time the people had cried We were bound to
believe, if we believed in history, that the people
might be misled by their leaders; that people
whose land flowed with milk and honey were not
content, and were led into erroi. The Government
of repubhean Greece fell fiom its h>gh estate by
the errors of the people T'<c people of Rome
ened in following a Cesar. The people of repub-
lican France erred when they made Napoleon
Fust Consul for hfs. It w.t^ not tuie thaf the peo-
ple could not en , but it was true, and all history
would bear him out in the asseition, that those
who had always cried out that the people could
not err had been the fiist to take advantage of
thur errors. Although (Mr. B said) the people
might err, it was the gloiy and happiness of a
íepublican form of government that the moment
they discovered their enor they would retrace
their stt ps.
Mr. B. continued his argument at some length,
quoting largely from ancient, and modern history
to bear him out
Mr. SUTHERLAND íemarked that it was his
wish that the bill under consideration should be
got through the committee to-night; and he hoped
that gentlemen who might desne to reply to the
gentleman from Tennes&ee would wait until to-
moiriow, when the committee would take  p
another bill, on which they would have an op-
portunity to speak. It might be possible that he
should make some remarks in icply to the gen-
tleman from Ttnnessee; but h" would for the
present forego replying, with the hope that the
question would be taken, and that the bill might
be gotten thiough wuh.
Mr. BELL concuned with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and hoped the committee! would
not rise until they got thiough with the bill. Mr.
B. concluded by withdrawing his motion to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. MERCER said he had not examined the
bill until within a short time, and could not con-
sent that it should be hunied through, the com-
mittee to night. Mr. M. concludid by moving
that the committee rise, but withdiew the motion
at the request of
Mr. SUTHERLAND, who briefly replied to
the gentleman from Vngima, and the gentleman
from Tennessee. He contendí d that the improve-
ments contemplated by the bill were cleaily con-
stitutional, and stated that he was favorable to
those impiovements, and to all similar improve-
ments, let them be in what section of country
they might. The State he in part represented
was but very little mteiested in the improvements
contemplated by this bill, yet that circumstance
did not make him any the less favorable to it.
He would vote for them, and he would vote for
similar oaes, whether in the West or the East.
After a few rema-ks by Messis. PEYTON,,
SUTHERLAND, MERCER, PHILLIPS, and
JOHNSON of Louisiana,
Mi. LANE moved that the committee rise-,
which was agreed to.
On motion of Mi. LANE,the House then ad-
journed, at a quartei past nine o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 24, 1836.
On motion of Mr. MAURY, the standing com-
mittee to whom the subject had been referred,
was discharged from the consideration of the
btll to establish a pension agency at Pulaski and
Dandndge, Tennessee; and the House concurred
n the amendments of the Senate 'o the same
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported Senate bill foi the relief
of William B. Rathbone, with an amendment;
which was referred.
Mr. W., from the same committee, made a
report in the case of James and William Crooks,
and concluded with the following resolution;
which was considerad, and adopted:
Roolteá, That the petition and papers ot James and Wil-
liam Urooka uereterrid to t|ie Stcictary of the Navv, to
i-ci rtam (on giving notice to the said J mies and William
Crooks, or to their ag< nts, ot t'<e time and plici of taking
testimony) the value of the vessel called the Lord NeUon.
captured hy Lieutenant WopUey on Lake Ontauo, on the
5th of June, lbU.at the time of said capture, and the cargo
then on board ol said \ e-^el, and that he report the same
at the next mwoii of Congress
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported Senate bill to authorize the
Governor and Legislative Council of Florida to
sell certain lands for purposes of education; which
bill was read a third time, and passed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, fiom the Committee
for the Disti let of Columbia, reported Senate bill
to extend the charters of the banks of the Dis-
trict, without an amendment, and moved that it
be read a thud time now.
Attei a few lemarks by Mr. W. B. SHEPARD,
Mr. PIERCE of New Hampshire, and Mr.
THOMAS,
Mr. BOON moved to postpone the subject
until to-morrow.
Mr. LANE said he trusted, as one of the mem-
bers of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, that the bill would not be postponed to any
future period; that every member of the House
must be sensible of the importance of the bill to
the people of the District, to the Treasury, and to
the officeis of the Government, and to the mem-
bers of this House; that if any action is intended
during the piesent session, that action must be,
prompt—now, not hereafter. This is a bill ma-
tured by the Senate, and passed that body by k
large majority. As an individual, I have mure
confidence in the action of the Senate than that of
the select committee. Nor is this all; the Commit-
tee for the District, to whom thatbi|l was referred,
have examined «fid reported it to the House withr
out amendment. Thus we have the judgment of
the Committee for the District in the Senate, of
the Senate themselves, and of this House.
Sir, the objection comes with an ill grace from
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,}
the chairmau of the select committee. The House
cannot have forgotten that that honorable gentle-
man, in the third week of the session, submitted
the motion to raise the select committee, taking
this subject from the District Committee; and
urged as a reason, that the subject called for
prompt and speedy action—that the Committee
for the District would not have it in their power to
give it their attention—that two weeks had trans-
pned, and they had done notlung. Now, sir, how
stands the account with the select committee' Six
months have elapsed, and as yet no report has been
laid upon our tables. We have seen, it is true,
something in the shape of a report published in the
Globe; but, as the gentleman says, not a report.
Sir, what had the House a right to expect from
the high'sounding pretensions of the gentleman
from Maiyland ? A speedy,  voluminous report;
one that would have instructed, nay, astonished
the House; a report that would have placed the,
banking and commercial interest of the District on
high and elevated ground; that would havecheered
every heart, and C|rightened the prospects of this
interesting and intelligent community.
If anything is intended to be done upon this suhr
ject, the House is as well piepared now as they
Will be during the session. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Thomas] says he has made no
report, nor can he say when he will. Why, then,
wait > What object is to be obtained by delay,
othei than a total prostration of the entire com-
mercial interest of this District >
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, briefly replied
to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. BOULDIN said he was a member of the
Committee for the District of Columbia. He ho ped
