1836.
l*Sfí CÓNGRES&tftfÁE GLdSB.
581
that the people of the District wrmnl not be made !
to suffer on account of any jealousy of committees
in regard to preference or honor, whether nnv
bodv was m fault or not. We are now ívirthe
close of ,i long session. If we did nit pass the
bill now, we could not pas* it this session T'ie
people wou'd Miller, not only for banking capital,
but for nt'e'ition to their ordinal v business.
There were «t vcral privtte matters that would
take no more time for justice to be done them
than it would take to render judgment on a pi mi
bond in court. There were several bills of this
kind he had reported, that he knew were of this
character We had got a daV or two for the Dis-
'rict. and the whole time had boeil taken up by
the Dutch loan, a thing that the people had very
little interest in. A few rery rich people, he sup-
posed, held the most of it. Now, if these banks
are to be laid over until to-morrow, we should
have no chance for that business, which individ-
uals had a right to expect.
Alexandria had a bill that would take but a
few mome its to pass. No doubt (he thought) it
would pass. If <ren'!emen really felt an interest
for the District, why would they put over for to-
morrow more than could be done on that day>
Did gentlemen not know that if the few hours we
had obtained from the favor of the House were
taken up by these banks, all the balance of the
business would go undone' Did they not konw
that we would adjourn in a few days' Would
we be justified, while we are the only power that
the people of the District have to look to, should
we pass over their interest and their complaints,
their grievances and their needs, and take up the
whole session in vain debates about things past
or things that rnav never come to pass'
Mr. JENIFER' hoped the House would take
the rote on this bill at the present time, because
to postnone it until to-morrow might defeat it.
Mr. VANDERPOEL sa}d, that he  had  the
honor of being a member of the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and he had, at the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress,
■voted for the resolution to appoint a select com-
mittee  for the  purpose of examining into the
doings of the banks m this District that apply to
us for a reeharter; and he regretted that that com-
mittee had not yet been able to complete its labors.
They had  made a report to us a few days ago,
which they told us was imperfect, as it embodied
only the facts which they had been able to elicit
before their examination was thorough and com-
plete.    A portion of that report was yesterday
published in onp of the daily papers of this city;
and though in its imperfect form, it did not pro-
fess to give a full revelation of the past operations
of the banks in question; yet, as tosome of thern,
it made disclosures that were truly startling!    It
was certainly very important that we  should
know whether these institutions had faithfully,
fully, and fanly, executed the trusts heretofore
confided to them by Congress, before we gave
them a renewed pledge of our confidence.    Some
of them had here, under ottr very eyes, suspended
speeie payments a few years ago; and from the
skeleton of the select committee's report, which
he had very hastily read, it would indeed seem
that the suspension of specie payments, and the
consequent depreciation of the stock of the banks
suspending specie payments, (or at least one of
them,) had been a source of profit to some who
were connected with the institutions.    He/did not
mean to inculpate any gentleman; but if it were
true that notes or stock of ariy of these institu-
tions had depreciated, and any of the directors of
the institution, by the direct or indirect purchase
of stock or the bills of the banks, had profited by
surh depreciation, he would no sooner tote to
renew the' charter of such bank than Ire would
vote to legalize or sanctify the most nefarious
frauds ana most unhallowed speculations.    Let
us, then, (said Mr. V.,) haveall the light that we
can command—let the report of the select com-
mittee be printed and laid on our tables before
we prolong the existence of these institutions,
either for good or for evil.
Mr. V. said that the bill from the Senate came
before us in a very strange, if not a very objec-
tionable form, ft proposes by one bill, one act
and deed, to reeharter a whole batch of banks.
For his part, he would rather take them in broken
doses. This mode was perhaps very unjust to |
some of the banks against whom no imputa- '
tion of unfairness could justly be made. There
was at least one asrainst which he believed noth-
ing had been discovered. It was, perhaps, con-
founding the innocent with the guilty. He was
for letting each institution stand or fill by its own
merits; and rather than sanction this practice of
ushering into existence a whole brood at a tirne,
and giving a triumph to what was evil by yoking
it with w'iat was good, when we entered upon
the consideration of the Senate's bill, if ho other
gentleman would attempt to secure the separate
action of this House upon each bank, he was not
sure but he would do it. At present, he was in
favor of postponingthe consideration of the Senate
bill till after the report of the select committee of
this House was printed.
After a few remarks by Messrs. HARDIN" and
W. B. SHEPARD,
Mr. BOON withdrew the motion to postpone.
Mr. HAWES then moved to comm-t the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; which was disagreed to.
Mr. G1LLET then moved to postpone the bill
until to-morrow; and proceeded very briefly to
give his reas >ns for making the motion.
After some further remarks by Messrs THOM-
AS, GARLAND of Virginia, MERCER, JEN-
IFER, PEARCE of Rhode Island, HOAR, and
W. B SHEPARD, the hourarrived for proceed-
ing to the special order of the day.                          ,
LAWS OF FLORIDA.                         i
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, by leave, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from
the further consideration of the Senate bill to dis-
approve and annul certain acts of the Territorial
Legislature of Florida, and for other purposes;
which bill was, by general consent, read a third
time, and passed.
PUBLIC REVENUE.
Mr. McKAY then moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of enabling him to offer the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the power of taking money from the peo-
ple, b> lajing and collecting duurs, imposts, and excises,
is one of the mo^i sacred of the trusts vested in the Gen-
eral Government; that it is conferred solely to enable it to
command the necessary means to execute the objects far
which it was instituted, and that to enact money I rom A tie
people when not nece^sarj for those objects, or more than
ma> be nece^arj, would be, on the part of the Govern-
ment, a nnnife«t breach ol trust, and to the people unjust
and oppre-=n-e
Resolved, That the revenue receivable under the present
law -, is, and will be, more than is required for the fair and
legitimate wants of the Government, and that provision
oU"ht to be mad" for its reduction.
Resotced, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to
this House, at the commencement of the next ues«ion, what
alteration can be made in the exiting tariff of duties con-
sistent!} with the principles of the several acts imposing
dunes upon imports, with a view to reduction.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury also report
upon the best mode of diminishing the revenue arising from
the public land-, without retarding the settlement of the
new ritate=, or impairing the interests of the General Gov-
ernment, and, generally, his views as to the best mode of
reducing the revenue to the fair and constitutional wants
of the Government.
Mr. MANN, of New York, called for the yeas
and Hays-, which were ordered,
Mr. McKAY said, as he wished a full expres-
sion of the sense of the House on the subject,
and did not desire to trouble it again, he moved
a call of the House, and on that motion eaüed for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and were
—yeas 105, nays 74.                  «
Mr. CUSHMAN moved that all further pro-
ceedings-under the call be dispensed with; which
motion was disagreed to.
After proceeding lathe call for some time, Mr.
HEISTER moved that all further proceedings
under it be dispensed with; wkicjh, was"agreed to.
The question was then taken on suspending
the rules, and decided in the negative—yeas 134,
nays 66—not two thirds,; as follows:
I     YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Ashlev, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Beaumont, Be . Bockee, Boon, liouldin, Bovee, Boyd,
Brown, Bunch, Burn?, Cambreleng, Carr, Carter  Casey,
i Chancy, Chapín, Nathaniel II Claiborne, John F.H. Clai-
borne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer,
, Cuahman, Dickson, Doubledav, Dromgoote,Eflhcr Fair-
field, Fathn, French, Fry, William K. Fuller. Galbxaitli,
! Jamo-* Garland, Gillct, Gtantland, Grayson, Griffin, Haley,
'1 Joseph Hall, Ifamcr, 3amnel S. Hsrmm. Albert G. Hsrn-
1   eon. Havves, Hawkins, Haynes, Hopkins, Howard, Habtey,
Huntington, rfthttmui* Ingtuim, Jnkez Jwkson, Jams,
Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, John W. Jones, Ben -
jainin Jones Lane, Lansing,Lsniei, Gideon Lee, Thomas
Lee, Luke Lei, Lcomrd, Login, Loyall, Lvon, Ahija!:
Mnnn, Job Mann, Mirtin. John Y Miwn, William Ma'-on.
Mo^es Mason, Maurv, May, McKa\, McKim. McLene,
Mdlei, Mont om< r>, Moon. Mu'ilc nberg, Owens, Page,
P.uk>, Patter-on, Pattou, rruiMin Pierce, Pettier'n,
Phclp--, Pinckne\, John it"jnol K io« fill Rrvnolds,Riile\,
Hoane, Robertson, ltoger*, Sclieneli, Se\moui, Augu tme
H. Sheppenl. Slnnn, Mcklei, dmitu, .^peijlit, Staiidolet,
Taliiteno, Tavloi, Thomai, John Thoiiisiu. TwilC),
Turnll, Viindcrpo'l, Wjgenci, Warducll, Web-ter, and
Themis T. Whittlesv—131
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Bmtey, Bond, Borden, Brigas, Ifuchanan, John Calboon,
WilKaiu. B. dllioun, John Chambeis, Clulds, Clark, Cur
win, Crane, Cu-hing, Dailnigton, Denny, Dickc r on,
Evans, Everett, Fowler, Granger, (¡raves, Gn>rmell,Hiland
Hall, Hard, Harper, Hnaelnne, Henderson, Hei-ter, Hoar,
Howell, Hunt, Ingersoll, William Jackson, Jane , Henry
Johnson, Jud-on, Law mice, L,a\, Lincoln, Jjovo, P.unpsoii
Mason, McKennan, Mer<ei, Mllligan, Morris, Pnikei,
Dutee J. Pearce, Jame  \ Pcvrce, Phillips Iteed, Uu-m-II,
William B. Shepard, Slade. Spnngler, Storer, Sutherland,
Underwood, Vinton, Washington, While, Elisha Whit-
tlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—6C.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. McKAY then gave notice that he would,
on Monday morning next, ask leave to introduce
the same resolutions, and hoped there would then
be a full House.
RTYBR AND HARBOR BILl.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND,the House
then went into Committee of the Whole on jthe
state of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln hi the chair,)
on the bill making appropriations for certain har-
bors therein mentioned for the year 1836.
After a few remarks by Mr. LAN,E,
Mr. VINTON offered an amendment for the
improvement of the Maumee river, $51,000. Mr.
V. briefly addressed the House in support of his
amendment, and stated that it was recommended
by the Committee on Internal Improvements.
Mr. CRANE made a few remarks in favor of
the amendment, stating that surveys had been
made, and that the improvement was entirely
practicable.
After a fewrernarlcs by Messrs. CHAMBERS
oí Kentucky," TANÜERPOEL, SUTHER-
LAND, and MERCER,
Mr. GALBRAITH offered an amendment to
the amendment for the improvement of the Alle-
ghany river, between Pittsburg and the New
York .State line, $50,000, and proceeded briefly
to address the House in support of his amend-
ment.                                                                         ,
After sonae remarks by Messrs. HAWES, an4
WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
Mr. SUTHERLAND appealed to gentlemen
not to press their amendments upon this bill,,
but to let it be gone through with. There were
many important bills yet to be acted on, and he
asked gentlemen not to press on the bill more
than it could carry.
Mr. PATTON then spoke at sonic length in
opposition to the general principles of the bill,
and in opposition to appropriations for rivers and
harbors, and quoted from documents in support
of his argument,                               ., •
After JVlr. P. had proceeded, tor a considerable
time in his remarks,
Mr. CAMBRELENG requested hitt  to give
way for a moment, so that he might nave an op-
portunity of asking the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. &ai.] to renew, his motion, which had
been withdrawn yesterday, to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the Silt.                                      , (,.,,
Mr. PATTON, replied that he. fifould tfjatew
the motion when he concluded lii£fe:marks'.  ^
The hour having arrived, the .Hquse &>0* ** 
Visual recess.                                 <     ,          ,    ,,
EVENING SESSION.
Before- the House went into'committee, <*s
Chair Iaif! before the House a-' *W«*,0* *!t??h
from ihe Secretary Of the? Treasury, «««« * ««?£
STftird votam/*f t*e Digwt of Comercial
Regulation ? which was laid upon the tame >
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The committee again took up the bill making
: appropriations for the improvement erf ceiU 
Sffbors therein named, for the year 1836.
The question pending w* the «Pfdjf ?  ^
; Mr. VraTOK for the improvement of the Maumee
