ISM.
?m CONGRESSIONAL GLOM1
ns5
The bill for the relief of John Conklhv,
The bill for the relief of Benjamin White;
The bill for the relief of Francis Pritehard;
The bill granting a pension to Elijah Rickets;
The bill granting a pension to John Miles;
The bill granting a pension to Daniel Drane;
The bill granting a pension to John Daw;
The bill for the relief of John Scott;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Cobb;
The bill for the relief of Mary Langdon;
The bill for the relief of William Patton;
The bill for the relief of Robert Smith;
The bill for the relief of Ephraim Page;
The bill for the relief of Coleman A. Collier;
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Flint;
The bill for the relief of Abraham Gilbert; ami
The bill for the relief of Jacob Wallace.
The above bills were then severally read the
third time by their titles, and passed.
The following bills were severally read the
third time, and passed.
The bill to establish certain post roads, and to
alter and discontinue others, and for other pur-
poses;
The bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon & Co.,
of New York;
The bill for the relief of Robert McJimsey,
surviving partner of the firm of Jackson & Mc-
Jimsey;
The bill for the relief of John F. Lewis;
The bill for the relief of Charles J. Catlett;
The bill to organize the Navy of the United
States;
The biil for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of David Caldwell, deceased; and
The bill for the relief of James Robertson, of
South Carolina.
GRANTS OF LAJfD TO INDIANA, ETC.
Mr. BENTON moved to postpone the prt^
▼ious orders, for the purpose of taking up the
bill to grantcertain quantities of land to the States
of Indiana, Illinois, Alabama, Mississippi, and
Missouri; which was agreed to.
Messrs. BENTON, WALKER, and HEN-
DRICKS, advocated the bill.
Mr. MANGUM opposed the bill, and said that
he would move to lay the bill oh the table; and
if that motion failed he would then move to insert
a grant of five hundred thousand acres of land
for each of the old States.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate in opposi-
tion to the bill; and after some remarks from
Messrs. BLACK and WALKER in its support,
Mr. MANGUM moved to lay it on the table;
which was carried—yeas 22, nays 17; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden. Cuthbert, Davis, Goldsborou*h, Kent, Knight, King
of Georgia,  Leigh,   Mangnm,   Page,   Prentiss, Preston, '
Robaiaa, Ruggles, Shepley, Southard, Swift, and Web- I
ster—22.                                                                       |
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Hendricks, '
King of Alabama, Linn, Moore, Nicholas, Niles, Porter,
Rives, Robinson, Tallmadge, Tipton, Walker, Wall, and
White—17.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate
took up the bill returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives to provide far the execution of the
laws of the United Stales in Michigan.
The question being on the amendment of the
House reducing the salary of the district judge
from #2,000 toll,500,
Mr. CLAYTON moved to amend th« amend-
ment of the House by making the salary #1,800.
After some remarks from Messrs. SHEPLEY,
N1LES, WHITE, HENDRICKS, BUCHAN-
AN, CLAY, and DAVIS,
The amendment of the House was concurred in.
EXECUTRIX OP RICHARD "W. MEADE.
The bill for the relief of Margaret Meade, ex-
ecutrix of Richard W. Meade, was taken up on
motion of Mr. CLAY, and, after an amendment,
was read the third time and passed.
PAT OF MARINE OFFICERS.
-n motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the biH to
-late and increase the pay of the officers of
■«•ine corps was taken up.
. SOUTHARD explained that the bill pro-
hat the pay of the colonel should be $3,500
turn; of the lieutenant colonel $3,000 per
annum; of the majors $2,500; and thus going
gradually down to the lowest officer, $500 less for
each grade.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to amend the bill by
making the pay of the marine officers the samo as
that of officers of like grades in the infantry of the
United States Army while serving on shore; and
that, when serving at sea, their pay shall be tha
same as that of officers of equal rank in the Navy
—the rank to be previously determined by the
President of the United States.
This amendment was supported by Messrs.
BUCHANAN and WEBSTER, and opposed by
Messrs. SOUTHARD, CLA\ TON, and PRES-
TON; after which the amendment was lost.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, when
Mr. BUCHANAN renewed his motion to amend;
and after a debate, in which the motion was sup-
ported by Messrs. BUCHANAN, CLAY, and
WEBSTER, and opposed by Messrs. PRES-
TON, WRIGHT, and CLAYTON, it was adopt-
ed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay, Crittenden, Cuthbert,Goldsborough, Hendricks, Huu-
j   bard, Kent, King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Linn, Man-
gutn,  Nicholas, Niles,   Page, Prentiss, Rives, Robinsofi;
Kuggles, Tipton, Tomtinson, Wall, and Webster—28,
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Clayton, Moore, Preston, Rob-
bins, Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, White, and Wright
—10.
i      Mr. SOUTHARD moved to amend the bill by
1 providing that it shall take effect from and after
the 18th of June, 1834; which was carried; and
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
NEW LAND DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the bill to create a
new land district in Alabama was taken up; and
the same having been considered as in Committee
of the Whole, it was ordered to be engrossed
and read the third time.
DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
The amendments of the House to the bill making
appropriations for the payment of charges in-
; curred for the  support  of the  penitentiary  of
the District of Columbia, were referred  to the
committee on said District.
LEGACY OF JAMES SMITHSON.
The amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill to authorize the President of the
United States to assert and prosecute the right of
the United States to the legacy of James Smith-
son, late of London, were concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
Several bills from the House were read twice
by their titles and referred.
PATENT OF JOSEPH GRANT.
On motion of Mr. KNIGHT, the bill to extend
the patent right of Joseph Grant was taken up,
and after some remarks from Mr. K. in its sup-
port, and from Messrs. NILES and WALL in
opposition to it,
Mr. RUGGLES submitted an amendment pro-
viding that the rights of those persons who have
used said invention or invested capital in it since
the expiration of the patent, up to the passage of
the bill, shall not be affected by it; but before
taking any question,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 25, 1836.
In execution of the special order adopted some
days since, on motion of Mr. W. B. SHEPARD,
of North Carolina, the House went into Commit-
tee of the Whole, (Mr. Lotall in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the following
bills:  .
1.  Senate bill, entitled an act makmg appropriations for
the payment of charges for the support of the penitentiary
of the District of Columbia for the year 1832; an amend-
ment proposed by th« Committee for the District of Co-
lombia waa considered and agreed to.
2.  Joint resolution to apply the unexpended balance of
the appropriation for the Potomac bridge to the improve-
ment of Maryland avenue, leading thereto, and for other
purposes.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, proposed an amendment
limiting'^* balance *r> such money as should re-
main after the bridge had been repaired from the
damages caused by the late freshet.
After some remarks by Messrs. PARKER,
W. B. SHEPARD, MERCER, BOULDIN, and
HARPER, the amendment was agreed to.
After some further suggestions and remarks'
from Messrs. MERCER, and WILLIAMS of
Kentucky, the resolution was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
The committee then took up the "bill to ex-
tend the jurisdiction of the corporation of the
city of Washington."
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD moved an amendment
giving the Mayor power to make and execute
deeds for lots sold under the act of 1822; which
was agreed to; and the bill laid aside.
The committee then took up the " bill to or-
ganize the several fire companies in the District
of Columbia;" which was considered, and laid
aside.
The committee then took up and considered
the " bill to incorporate the Howard Institution
of the chy of Washington;" and
I     The "bill to amend the charter of the Potomac
Fire Insurance Company."
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved the following amend-
ment:
i Provided further, That said company shall not exer-
cise «ny of the powers herein granted, until after the whole
amount of capital, vis: $200,000, shall have been paid into
the treasury of said company.
j Mr. FAIRFIELD said, that having been on
j   the committee, a majority of which reported this
, bill, his attention had been particularly called to
I   what he regarded as objectionable in it, and to
which a sense of duty now impelled him to direct
the attention of the House.
| To understand the. objections, however, and
and see the propriety of adopting the amendment
proposed, he said it would be necessary briefly
to advert to a few facts connected with the char-
ter, organization, and past operations of this com-
pany.
By the volume which he held in his hand, it
appeared that this company was incorporated in
1831, with a capital of #200,000, which was di-
vided into eight thousand shares, at $25 each;
By information derived from the officers of the
company, he learned but that three thousand and
twenty shares, less than one half of the whole
number, had been subscribed for; that one fifth
of this amount, viz: $15,1Q0, had been paid in
I   cash, and four fifths, or $60,400, had been paid
II  by the indorsed notes of the stockholders ¡and these
lj two sums constituted the present capital of the
I company, with the exception of a small portion
|l of the profits, which had been reserved and tdd-
11 ed to the capital.
The present extent of the liabilities of the com-
pany, on contracts of insurance, was something
over a million of dollars, its actual capital, as
before stated, including the notes of stockholders,
being only $75,500.
I Semi-annual dividends had been made, with
the exception of one year, and the whole net
profits he found to have averaged twenty-nine
per centum on $75,500, or fel 50 annual profits on
one dollar of capital ttduaUy paid in.
This company now ask, (said Mr. F.,) by the
bill before the House, for the additional power ta
take marine risks, to insure on lives, and to grant
annuities; and all this without restriction as to
amount, without increasing the capital, or pro-
viding even for the payment of the stock sub 
scribed for, and without any new guards what-
ever being thrown around the public interest.
For one, sir, (said Mr. F.,) I cannot consent to
it-
He did not wish to say anything to injure this
company in public estimation; he had no object
to accomplish by it;its members were «11 stranger 
to him; but he could not avoid saying that in the
North this capital would be regarded as all woon-
shine. It would do very well for divulends, but
not quite a©, well for losses. While the company
is prosperous, and no losses occur, or but slight
oaes, all works well. The capital is sufficient,
because there are no drafts upon it. But let there
be an extensive conflagration, one that would
destroy one tenth of the property uisured, and
the   capital,  unless   this   should constitute   an
