1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Htwts to strike out that part of the bill which
provided that the road should be so graded as to
permit hereafter the laying of rails thereon.
After some remarks from Messrs. HARDIN,
ASHLEY, LANE, and MERCER, the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes 92, noes 38.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to:
the House.
NATIONAL ROAD.
The committee next took up the bill to con-
tinue the national road from the Mississippi river
to Jefferson City, in the State of Missouri.
Mr. HAWES moved to strike out the clause
in relation to grading the road with a view to lay
rails thereon; which was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
The committee next took up the bill making
further appropriations for carrying into effect
certain Indian treaties.
The bill having been read, was taken up by
sections.
The first clause was the following:
For lb* amount stipulated to be paid for the IriDils ceded
in the firat article of the treaty with the Cherokces, of tlie
23th of December, 1835, deducting the cost of the land to
he provided for thrni vmi of the Mississippi, under the
second article of said treaty, $4^00,080.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of a protest
of a part of the Cherokee delegation against this
treaty. The document, which was very lengthy,
was read by the Clerk. Mr. A. then moved to
strike out the section, and that the committee rise
and leave the bill to be acted on hereafter.
After some discussion between Messrs. WISE,
ADAMS, CAMBRELENG, and OWENS,
Mr. WISE moved that the committee rise and
report all the bills except the one now under
consideration; but withdrew the motion at the
request of
Mr. MERCER, who moved an amendment to
the harbor bill so as to provide that the money
should remain in the Treasury until it was called
for tobe expended for work actually done; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MERCER also offered an amendment to
the Senate Cumberland road bill, to provide that
it should be graded in such manner as to permit
of laving rails thereon; which Was lost.
. Various other amendments were offered to the
different bills by Messrs. McCARTY, CHAP-
MAN, and MARTIN.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the com-
mittee then rose and reported all the bills, as
amended, to the House, excepting the bill mak-
ing appropriations for carrying into effect certain
Indian treaties.
Mr. WISE moved a suspension of the rules for
fhe purpose of offering the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, requested to communicate to this House all
in  information which is in his possession, and *?Inch was
communicated to roe Henate of the United States, in rela-
tion to (be Cherokee treaty lately ratified.
The rules were suspended; and the resolution
having been received,
Mr. WISE moved its consideration at this
tim ;
Objection being made,
Mr. BRIGGS moved a suspension of the rules;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG inquired if it was the
intention of the gentleman from Virginia to have
those documents printed after they were commu-
nicated ? If so, the resolution would go to defeat
the bill.
Mr. WISE said it was not his intention to
throw any obstacles in the way of the passage of
the bill; all he wanted was information, «nd he
understood that that information was already
printed, and that the President could communi-
cate it to the House in a printed form.
After some remarks by Messrs. MANN of
New York, WISE, MERCER, SUTHER-
LAND, ADAMS, HAYNES, GRANGER,
and LAWLER,
Mr. MANN moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, called
for the yeas <md nays; which were ordered, and
were—yeas 27, nays 99.
So the motion to lay on the table was decided
in the negative.
After a few words by Mr. HOWARD, the
resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the House then
adjourned at nine o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 28, 1836.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported on the following
bills, that had been returned from the House of
Representatives with amendments:
The bill makingappropriations for the support
of the penitentiary in the city of Washington, for
the year 1836;
The bill appropriating the unexpended balance
of the appropriation for the building of the Wash-
ington bridge to the improvement of the Mary-
land avenue; and
The bill to authorize the closing of certain
streets in Georgetown.
On motion of Mr. S., the amendments were
severally concurred in.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported the
following bills from the House, without amend-
ment:
The bill to authorize the Washington Monu-
ment Society of the city of Washington to erect
their monument on the public mall;
The bill in addition to the act incorporating
the Provident Association of Clerks;
The bill to organize fire companies in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
The bill giving the assent of Congress to the
act incorporating the Alexandria and Fredericks-
burg Railroad Company.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported, with amendments, the bill
granting half pay to widows and orphans whose
husbands and fathers have died, or may hereafter
die, in the service of the United States; and the
amendments were ordered to be printed.                ,
CENSURE OF THE PRESIDENT.              i
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate took
up the resolution submitted by him to rescind,
repeal, and declare null and void, the resolution
of the Senate of the24th March, 1834, censuring
the President for the removal of the public depos-
its from the Bank of the United States; when
Mr. WHITE addressed the Senate in a speech'
of considerable length in support of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WALKER followed in reply, contending
that the resolution would not reach the case, and  '
that expunging was  the only proper remedy;
after which the question was taken, and the res-
olution was rejected by the following vote.
VEAS—Messrs. King-of Georgia, and White—2.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Benton, Black, Brown, Buch-
anan, Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthburt, Davis, Ewing
of Ohio, Goldsborougb. Hubbard, Knight, Leigh, Linn,
Nicholas, Paje, Rives, Robbins, Robinson, Ruggles, Swift,
Tomlmsen, Walker, and Wright—28.                                I
INSTRUCTIONS OF NEW YORK.
Mr. W RIGHT presented certain resolutions
of the Legislature of New York instructing their
Senators to support Mr. Benton's expunging
resolutions. Mr. W. said that he had had these
resolutions in his possession for some time, and '
had only delayed presenting them till the subject
was called up in the Senate.
! Mr. CLAY observed, that as the resolution of
the Senator from Tennessee was disposed of, he
thought it would be proper to take up the other
1 resolution on the same subject, and dispose of it
also.   He had not the charge of these resolutions,  '
and would therefore make no motion.                     '
I     Mr. CLAYTON said that he" would move to f
i take it tip. He did not wish to make a speech ,
j| on it; but, having been instructed by his Legis- I
11 lature to vote against these expunging resolutions,
| he wished to record his vote in obedience to h¡B
instructions.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that there were only
thirty Senators present; and he hardly thought
gentlemen would take a question of such import-
ance when the Senate was so thinly attended.
Mr. BENTON said that he had intended to
ask for the vote on his resolution after the reso-
lution of the Senator from Tennessee was dis-
osed of, or rather to give notice of the hour when
e would call it up, in order that there might be
a full attendance of Senators when they came to
the vote. If twelve o'clock to-morrow was agree-
able to the Senate, he would call up the resolu-
tion at that hour.
Mr. CLAYTON expressed his concurrence in
Mr. Benton's notice, and withdrew his motion.
JOINT RULES.
The joint resolution from the House to amend
the joint rules of the two Houses in relation to
bills not acted on at the close of a session of Con-
gress, was read, and ordered to a second reading.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE.
Mr. KNIGHT moved a reconsideration of the
vote on ordering the bill to extend the patent of
Joseph Grant to a third reading; which was
agreed to.
Mr. KNIGHT moved a reconsideration of the
amendment, exempting from the operations of
the bill those who have used Mr. Grant's inven-
tion since the expiration of his patent.
A debate ensued, in which Messrs. KNIGHT,
CLAY, PRESTON, NILES, WALL, POR-
TER, and LINN, took part.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time and passed:
The bill for the relief of John Randolph Clay
and others;   ,
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tive  of Michael Fenwick, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Andrew Hoover, of
Indiana; and
The bill for the relief of James Alexander and
Ira Nash.
JOHN BRAHAN.
Mr. MOORE moved to take up the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the subject of
the balance due from the estate of the late John
Brahan to the United States; and, after some re-
marks, moved that it be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that it be laid on the
table; which motion was carried.
PATENT OFFICE BUILDING.
On motion of Mr. RUGGLES, the Senate too*
«p'the bill providing for a building for the accom-
modátion-of the Patent Office, the fcill being on its
third reading.
Mr. CLAY called for the reading of the com-
munication mads by William Brent and others,
offering to sell the old brick Capitol to the Gov-
ernment for the use of the Patent Office; which
being read,
Mr. RUGGLES laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the chairman of the committee
of the other House on the subject; which was
read; and after some remarks from Mr. RUG-
GLES, in support of the bill, and from Messrs.
CRITTENDEN, and CLAYTON, in opposition
to it,
Mr. CLAYTON moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions
to report a bill providing for the purchase of the
building formerly used for the temporary accom-
modation of Congress; and, after some remarks
from Messrs. RUGGLES, CLAYTON, and
CALHOUN, the motion was rejected by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Black, Clay, Clayton, Critten-,
den, Davis, Goldsborough, Kent, Leigh, Moore, Nicholas,
Page, Porter, and White—14.
NAYH-JHessrs. Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Ewing of
Ohio, Hendricks, Hnbbard, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn, Morris, Niles, Pieston, Rives, Robinsou,
Ruggles, Swift, Tomlinson, Walker, and Wall—19.
Mr. RUGGLES moved to amend by adding
the following proviso: " Providing a contract can
be made for the erection and completion of the
same in a workmanlike and faithful manner, for
a sum not exceeding $108,000, to include all ex-
penses whatever;" which amendment was agreed
to; and, on the question, "Shall the bill pass as
amended?" it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
20, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Ewing of Ohio, Hendricks, Hubbard. Kent. Km of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Linn, Nfcbxrfas, Nife«,PMé, Rob-
inson Rubles, Swift, TomMasos, Walker, and Wall-80.
