THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
BY DLAIR &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESS10V.
First Sessiojj, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, JULY 4, 1836.
Voixme 3....No, 38.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Louisiana, moved the en-
grossment of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, opposed the
motion, on the ground that the awards liad not
undergone the revision of the Commissioner of
Public Lands.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, supported the
motion; pending the consideration of which the
hour harm; arrived, the Chair announced the
special order.
Mr. RENCHER moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of taking up and consider-
in  the bilt reported from the select committee,
on the subject of the mileage and pay of mem-
bers of Congress, and asked for the yeas and nays;
which were refused; and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER communicated the following
message from the President of the United Suu*s,-
I> <fo Mmr of (¡(««wWmi .-
I iran-mit to the (lou-e of Representan vri a report fro 
the S ere-.a.v r< H' ir. n.n.vyinj tlie nrofimtion called for
b. t.ie llou é ni it> re-otutiun of yesterday, concerní"? ttie
Cherokee ireatv rtceml* raurled.
AVB EW JACKSON.     I
W shi«.tos, Jutit-28, 1633-
W«  Dsr*imtB<rr> Am , I85S.
Air: In eoilhriiijty with • resohi'ion of the flou** of
Ri-presenutivcso! ye-terday, I have the honor to  uburtto
fou copie  ol liie document m rotation to the t'UrroKee
man jl.ueh ratified, winch n kip eouutt|HM«tted lothe Sen
«te. and w'hicli contain the information catted for by the
House.
It t> -me, vour deiire that those documentó should So «cm
•jus uumi'iix, i u.iva been compelled to traiuutt a copy of
Ji -in pniit-n by order of the Senate. To have tran-cub d
rr tn the original* wnntd hare delayed the answer, and pre-
rentrd the nuornia.iou from neacbiiif the House officially
u tune, perliap ■ tor in coasdcratioa.
Very rt-pccUuUl', your  o i obedient «errant,
,      ,_     ~-#,í                              LEW: CASS.
To the President or the UsiTEn States.
Mr. WISE moved to refer the message and ac-
companying documents to the Committee of the
Whole, and that they be printed.
Mr. HAYXES called for a division of the
question on reference and ou printing:. The lat-
ter branch of it Ueshould object to, if the Indian
bill wits to be delayed till they came from the
printer.
The first branch of the motion having been
agreed to, and after seme remarks from Mr.
H. on the second branch,
Mr. ADAMS called for a further division,and
the message was ordered to be printed, but the
House refused to order the documents to be
printed.                                                                        !
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, made an ineffectual
attempt to get up the bill from the Senate entitled
"An act to suspend the disetimmatmgduties upon
goods imported in vessels from Portugal, and to
reduce the duties on wines."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved to set
apart Friday next, till the hour of twelve, for the
consideration of the Senate bill to increase the
military establishment of the United States, and
for other purposes; but the motion was disagreed
to.                                                                                 ,
The House then passed to the special order,
and proceeded to. the consideration of the addi-
tional                                                                           i
HARBOR BILL.
A bill making additional appropriation for the |
Delaware breakwater, and for certain harbors,
and removing obstructions in and at the mouths
of certain rivers, and for other purposes,for the
year 1836.
The bill had been reported to the House from
the Committee of the Whole, with sundry amend 
ments, the details of which were giren at length
when the bill was under consideration in com-
mittee,
The first amendment of the committee was con-
curred in without amendment.
The second amendment of the Committee of
the  Whole was, to strike out the clause, " for
continuing the improvement of the navigation of
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers from Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, to New Orleans, Louisiana, and
from the mouth of (lie Ohio to the mouth of the !
Missouri river, $110,000," and insert, "for the
improvement of the Ohio and Mississippi, from
Louisville to New Orleans, $70,000; for the im-
provement of the Mississippi river above the
mouth of the Ohio and Missouri rivers, to Inde-
pendence, f50,000, in such manner, and for the
removal of such obstructions, as the Secretary of :
War shall direct."                                                    '
Mr. SMITH moved to strike out " $50,000,"
and insert, "|30,000;" which was lost.                 I
Mr. HAWES opposed the whole appropri-
ation, on the ground that its effect would be to
iucrease the number of officers of the Government, i
Mr. BOON said that he wished to say a very
few words before the question was taken. Mr.
B. said that he had been honored with a seat in
the House of Representatives during a period of
nine years, and had uniformly voted for appro-
priations of money for the " common defense and
general welfare of the United States," whether
the money was to be exoeuded on the Atlantic
sea-board, or tn the South, and he would now
vote against the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky. But, (said Mr. B.,) I will take this
occasion to advise gentlemen, that unless a more
liberal policy should hereafter be extended to-
wards the new States of the West, he would, if
his life should be spared him, return, at the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress, pre-
pared to organize a western influence, that would
be felt against all appropriations of money east
of the mountains, until justice should be done to
the people of the new States in the West. Sir,
(said Mr. B.,) I will not longer consent to have the
people of the new States taxed in the purchase of
the public lands, for the benefit oX other portions
of the country.
Mr. B. said that pledges had been given him,
for some two or three months past, that a direct
vote should be liad on the bill to reduce the price
of the public lands before the adjournment of the
present session of Congress. Yet this promise
had not been fulálled, nor was there any reason-
able prospect that it would be. Mr. B. concluded
by saying that he had become tirud ofliving upon
promt es alone, and called upon gentlemen from
the western States to prepare to go with him in
future in opposing appropriations for the sea-
board, until something should be done direct for
the people of the West.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, said that he was
sorry to detain the House at this late period of
the session; but the subject was interesting to the
people he represented in Illinois, which was his
excuse for addressing a single word to the House.
The gentleman from Kentucky said he was,
opposed to the amendment, as it created more
officers to superintend the work on the western
waters than were necessary. It is not possible
for any one officer, no matter hew efficient and
competent he may be, to superintend all the
works of improvement that ought to be made on
the Ohio, Mississippi,and Missouri rivers. The
House well know that these rivers stretch overa
vast extent of country; so that, if the work is to
be done at all during this season, it will require
more officers than one to carry it on with that
efficiency that the Government ought to observe
in the improvement of these rivers.
The gentleman from Kentucky [ftf  ■ Ha*<s]
I also states, that $50,000 for the imfvavementof
the Mississippi, above the mouth of the Ohio
and the Missouri, to Liberty, is too much, and
. more than the Secretary of War required.
! Mr. R. said, if theCongressof the United States
1 appropriate anything at all for these noble and
' useful rivers, it ought not to be less man that
I sum. It would be a ridiculous improvement that
¡ a less sum would effect on the Mississippi, be-
! tween the mouth of the Ohio ar>4 the Falls of
I St. Anthony, a*d th« Missouri, as high up as
Liberty.   The sum is not too much.   If anything
he given at all, let it be that mim or more.
Mr. IIAWES then asked for the yeas and
nays on concurring with the Committee of tlifl
Whole in this amendment; which were oideredj
and were—yeas 104, nays 81.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WISE then moved to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill. He wished to test the,
sense of the House on the subject of internal im-
provements by the General. Government, and
repeated what he had said in the Committee of the
Whole, that, now that, the deposit bill was passed,
the bill under consideration was nothing more
than a scramble for unequal shares of the public
money before the day of distribution came.
Mr. W. asked for the yeas and nays on his
motion; which were ordered; and were—yeas
52, nays 133; so the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH moved on additional itum of
$15,000 for building a^ steamboat to -aid in the
removal of the Red river raft; which was agreed
to.
Mr. HAWES renewed his motion to strike
out the appropriation of $900,000 for the im-
provement of the Hudson river, and spoke at
some length in support of his motion.
Mr. SUTHERLAND then moved the previ-
ous question; which was seconded—ayes 84,
noes 48.
Mr. HARDIN called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question to be put; which
were ordered; and were—yeas 106, nays 78.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion shou'd be now put.
Mr. LEWIS then moved a. call of the House;
which was lost.                  ___
On the call of Mr. PATTON, the yeas and
nays were ordered on the main question, being
on the engrossment of the bill; and the question
being taken, was decided in the ami ¡native—yeas
126, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Anthony, A>Jj,
Cramer, Cu-.hin*, Cu*uroai , Uarlinttou,. Daw*, Deuuy,
Dickerson, Doubled, -, "Evans, Pairfitd, Farlin, French,
Fry, WílHam K. ÍHilícr. Galbrsltb, Klcc Girlaud, Gillet,
Grana r, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hard. Harper, Hazel-
une, Hender on, Hevter, Hoar, Howard, Howell, Hnbley,
l Hunt, Uuntington, Ingcríoll, Jíiguam, W-liiam Jackson,
J.ibez Jackson,.lane-, Ric'iard M. .'ojh-o i, Il^ury John-
son, Benjamin Jones, Judso-i, Kunnon, Kiljore, Kinnard,
' Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Liy, Gideon Lee, Jo Ima Lse,
Tuninaa Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Love, Ab jali Mann, Job
• Maan, William Ma o , Mo'e* Ma on, SaTip on Ma-on,
May, Mcttennan, McKoon, MoHun, Mer-er, ¡Miller, Mil-
| ligan, Moore, Morgan, Morns, Mulilenbcrj, Oivuns. Pag?,
Patterson, Dutee J. Pearoe, Pitelp*, Phillip-, rotts, Jolui
1 Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, fiussell, Seymour, Miinii,
Swale*. Slade, Smith, Spangler, Spragua, Storer, Suther-
land, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Touecy, Tu rill,
Vanderpoel, Vinton, Wagener, Ward, VVardwell, Wash-
ington,   Elisha Whittlesey, and Tilomas T. Whittlesey
__123.
NAYS—Meswr . ChiUon Allan, Beale, Beaumont, Boul-
d n, Boyd, Buchanan, Bunch, Bynum, John Callioon,
Campbell, Carter. John Chambers, Natbani.il H.Claiborne,
JoUu F. It Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor,
Doberry, Drouizoole, Foreatei, James Garland, Graves,
Gray=on, Gnffin, Hardin, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynee,
Huntsman, Jarvn, Jenuer, Cave Jolro-on, John W. Jo «i,
Lawler, Luke Lea, Lewn, Loyall, Luoas, Lyon, Ma-'tw 
Maury, McComas, McKay, McLnne, Montgomery, Park*
Pattoi,   Franklin  Vm<-n,  PtneMmr . Jlefteher,  Konnc,
Underwood, Wtate, L*V¡t Wuhan  , «nerrod WiHiam ,
I aad Wlse-6«.
So the bill wa* ordered to be engrossed for a
*MrraJZeWE8 «aid he diá.nat wfch W jel*F
this bill,but he wanted a direct «ot«of *  House
upon the appropriation of «200,80© <br the Hud-
son river. He moved tq reconUrnt the bill to the
C^nniuee of the Whole, with instructions to
strikTout that clause, and asked for the yeas and
aavs; which were ordered.                 twww    .u„
After some remarks from Mr. BOON, the
question was taken and decided in the negative-
veas 60. nays 101.                          ,
^The House then took the usual recess.
38
