(1330.
THE1 CONOflESSHJNAfc GLOBE.
805
• sum as that aopropnateí during the remainder
ot the A ear eronom-caJlv or profitably. The old
rsv of esnendituri for fvn tifications (he said) had
imirev eded $60,0001n n year,and nowuwas
proposed to appropriate, m time of piofound
peace, when th'TP was not the s izhtest prosoeet
or i \\ ir, n th s bul, and the one that had been
arm from the Senate to the House, at least tour
and a ha'f mi,lions of dollars. He wished to
.know, and lie earnestly desired gentl  roen to
imwnr Inm, why it was sought to make this rast
and unusu.il appropriation at this time? Was it
i'itendtd that it s'io ild remain locked up in the
Treasury, or remain in tho hands of (he disburs-
ing agents' It was peuectly clear (he said) that
this money would not be required, and ought not
to be apn'opnated, and he therefore moyod to
recommit the bill w-th instructions to reduce the
appropriations one half.
Mr. CLAYTON did not consider the appro-
pr.at.ons too ¡ugh, considei tns that last year the
fortification bill tvas lost, and that they w ere now
appropriating for two \ears, instead of one. In
Order to ooviate the dith -ulties suggested by the
Senator from South Carolina, as to the moneys
remaining: idle in the hands of the disbursing
agents, he would submit aaamendment, provid-
ing that it shall not be drawn from the Treasury
unfl i; is wintcd for the expenditures authorized
by tho bi'l.
Mr. CALHOUN withdrew his motion to re-
commit, in orderto give way to the above amend-
ment by Mr. Clvttojí.
Mr. CL \Y thought the amendment would be |
a y ry proper one, whether reduction of the ap-
Cropnat r ns was made or not. Buthe hoped the
ill would be recommitted, in order to reduce its
enormous and hitherto unheardof appropriations.
Mr. C. then addressed the Senate at length on the
aub|eet of the large appropriations generally made
at the present session, bringing them up, by his
calculations, to the sua  of «40,000,000—a sum
(he said) sweater than the whole civil, military,
naval, a-id other annual expenditures jof Great
Britain, excluding her payments nnder+ier pen-
sions and public debt. Mr C.compared the ex-
penditures under this bill, and the bill of the
Senate, with the expenditures for similar objec's
of former years, which never (he said) exceeded
seven or eight hundred thousand dollars, even
when the country was unprotected as it was at
the conclusion of the last war, and earnestly
urged the recommitment pf the bill for the objects
v contemplated.
Mr WPJGHT opposed the recommitment in
a speech of some length. He denied that the
appropriations were unreasonable, considering
that they were now passing a bill for two years,
instpad of one, in consequence of the loss of the
fortification bill pf the last year- He asked gen-
tlemen to point out any particular item in the LhU,
and show thai it was unnecessary and unreason-
able. The appropriations (he sai<D were all
founded on estimates from the War Department,
and made with a view to economy, as far as was
consistent with the public service. Even if gen-
tlemen were correct, in their predictions, there
could be no inconvenience in appropriating more
money than would be expended within the year;
for, by the deposit bill just passed, it would ad,
after the 1st of January, be distributed among
the States, no more being drawn from the Treas-
ury than would be wanted for expenditure. In
reply to Mr. Calhoun's argument, as to time,
Mr. W. said that last year not a dollar was ap-
propriated; and that now that they were in the
middle of the year, without having appropriated
a dollar, ihey were told that they must not ap-
propriate this money because it could not be ex-
pended. When (he asked) would another bill
/or fortifications be passed' Why, not before
the 3d of March next; and the works would be
stopped. Mr. W. said that gentlemen* in speak-
ing of the heavy appropriations under this biU,
did not seem to consider that there was a consid-
erable amount appropriated in it that had no con-
nection with fortifications. Mr. W. then took a
view of these items; such as arsenals, accóuter-
ments for the volunteers and for the army, fire
engines, to be distributed among the public build-
ings, &c. As to the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware, he had no objection U> it.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, expressed h s strong
objections to appropriating at this time so much
hrsrer a sum than had ever been before applied to
sn< h objects: and contended that the i xpenenco
of former years showed that when approi%nntions
did not run ovi r #800,000, large lmlarn.es of it re-
mained unexpended at the end of the yenr. He
was satisfied that it would be impossible to spend
more than oik  thud of th smnm v fiom the want
of engineers, and th< difficulty of procuung labor
and materials in siiffi-n nt quantities If time
was airy one to blame for the lateness of the ap-
propriation, it was the House of Representatives,
who had kept the bill back to this time.
After some remarks fiom Mr. CALHOUN,
Mr. Clayton's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALL moved to amend the bi'l by pro-
viding, that of the appropriation in the eighteenth
line for Port Delaware, the Secretaiy of War
shall be authorized to expend a sum not exceed-
ing $36,000, to ppifect the tale of the United
States to the Pea Patch, in case it shall be his
oninion, and that of the Attorney General, that
such perfection of title is necessity
An elaborate and lengthy legil argument grew
out of this motion, in which the orig-.ial and con-
flicting titles of the States of Delaware an J New
Jersey, and the title of the United States under
Delaware, and that of Dr. Gale cinder New Jer-
sey, were discussed with great force and ability—
Messrs. WALL and SOUTHARD contending
for the validity of the ti le of New Jersey, to
Show that the title of the United Stat' s was im-
perfect; and Messrs. B WARD and CLA.YTON
contending for the validity of the title of the State
of Delaware, and the perfection of the grant to the
United States; the argument being principally
between Messrs WALL and BWARD.
On taking the question, Mr. Wall's amend-
ment was rejecti d by the following vote-
YE\S—Mesar" Brown, Cliv, Emng of Illuiots, I, nn,
Nile-, Preston. Robin on, Southard, Tomhn-on, and Wall
-10
N YYS—Mews. Ravard, flemón, Black, Clnj ton, Cm   ]
tendrá, Cnthbert, Ewiun oí Oüio, Goidaborousb,  Hen
dnck-   Hiibbard, Kent, King of Alabimi   Leigh, Moore,
Nicholas. Pa e-, Porter  Kive- liitibm,, ">tvi t, Tallmadgc,
Walker, Webster, WbiM,  nd Wright—2o
Mr. CALHOUN then moved to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Finance, with instruc-
tions to reduce the appropriations to an amount
not exceeding $1,630,000
Aftersome remarksfrom Messrs.CALHOUN,
CRITTENDEN, and EWING of Ohro, in favor
of the motion, and fiom Mr. CLAYTON in op- ¡
position to it, the question was taken, and lost—
yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YE4S—Me«rs Bayard, Black. Calhoun, Clay. Critten-
den. Ewmgof Ohio, Gold borough, Kent,Kingot Alabum,
Leigh, Moore, Porter, Preston, Robbing Southard, Swnt,
Tomhn'on, and While- 18
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown„ Buchanan, Clayton,
Cnthbert, Giving of Illinois, Hendricks, Hubbard, Linn,
JVfwTr , Nichola , Nile , Page, Rive«, RoHn*on,T-il!madge,
Tipton, Walker, Wi tfeter. and Wright—30
Mi. CLAY then moved to lay the bill on the
table, for the purpose of going into executive
business.
Mr. BENTON asked for the yeas ana nays,
winch wvre ordered; and the question was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 16, nay* 21, as fol-
lows:
YEA*?—M'vtr* Bli-k, Calhonn. Clav, Clauon, Critten-
den. Ewini of Ohio. Kent. Leteh, Mnord Porter. Preston,
Robbing -"-lu-hard, Swnt, Tomlms-oii, and Wtbater—16.
N 'VYs—Me--r-    Bayard, Benton. BroiVD,  Buchanan,
Cnthbert, Ewini of i!lnini«, Hendricks, llubbird, King ot
Alabima. Linn, MArn-", N cholas, Vil  , Pag , Rives. Rob- ,
m-on. TuUmadge,Tipton, Warkur, White, and Wright—21
Mr. CLAY said he would make another effort I
to bring down the expenditures of this bill, and j
this would be- the last effort he would make for I
arresting the enormous, extravagant, and alarm- |
irig appropriations of this Congress. Aftersome I
remarks, Mr. C. moved to recommit the bill, With
instructions to reduce the appropriations one-
third.
Mr. CLAYTON asked for a division of the
question. He desired to see it taken or) the ques-
tion of «commitment first. He felt the force of
the arguments of the Senators from South Caro-
lina and Kentucky, and he was willing that the
bill should be recommitted in order that an ex-
amination might be made to see if any of the
I items could be reduced consistently with a due
regard to the public service. But he never rottld
give his vote to i istiuct the coiumifbe to bring
down the appropriations to an arbitral y s ind nd,
without considering what could oi < hi Id not be
properly reduced "Gentlemen talked of unprece-
dented, enormous, slid alai mug appioo-iation- ,
and this mi*ht all b( so, but In doubted h He
wanted gentlemen to put tVir fini> is oi t s"ig e
item of this bill, and show hir.i th u it ¡ oa'd be
dispensed with He, foi his p'tit, coi'd not me
any that ought to be dispensed wi h He k H'w
tlut there were many iteintí m tins but wm li
wens in the bill of last year that «is lost, and no
wmn objected to them. Now gentlemen ta'ked
óf the enormous appropriations in the aggregate,
without showing any pauicular items that could
be objected to.                                                 >
Mr. «'UTHOERT said that it was well known
in the first place that this bill had not suddenly
sprung up, and that it did not cdme before them
without sufficient estimates. It came to them
with the approbation of the other House, with
whom aioropnatio'is usually oi lginate. It was,
theieloie, not « little extraordinary that the
Senators from South Carolina and Kentucky
should indulge in a strain of invective and decla-
mation, not to show that the nnpiopiiationx were
not suited to the exigencies of the count]y, but
against the sttengtli and canacity of the coun-
try to car.y on the usual and oidmary opeia-
tions in providing for its defense. Ntvíi befo-e
was ltdoubted thata nation had thes rengthar.d
capacity to use the ample means at its own dis-
posal. A most wondeiful and piofound calcula-
tion, that the power Of a nation toprmiefe for the
security and happiness of its' members wns di-
mished in proportion to the abundant íesoun-es '
He had no objections to a full t-xtrrrnation of
the appropriations contained in this-bill, but let
it (lie said) be made on just a-id correct pnnci-
pleii, and not in accordance wi h tin denunciations
of the Senators from Kentucky arid South Caro-
lina. It was no. the mere sound of p impous
language and loud declamation that should weigh
against the appropriations in this b.U. Let gen-
tlemen, as the" Senator from Delaware had well
remarked, point out the rfems that weft extrava-
gant or unnee-essary; let gentk men correct the
estimates, and show* that Ihey were too high,
instead of indulging in general denunciations.
Convince him thatany particular item was extrav-
agant or unnecessary, and he would vote cither to
reduce or strike it out.
i The debate was fu-*her continued by Messrs.
WEBSTER,CALHOUN,PRESTON,and DA-
VIS; after which th.. question was taken on the
recommitment without instructions, and cairiej
—yeas 24, nays 18; as follows.
YE\«—Me?«r? BnyarJ,Back Cihomi C'i\. Cliuon,
C m^nd -n, Dui«, E;vm; o O io, Gol I bir>u,*li. II n
dncKs. K nt Kiig o Alabum Knil o O-o-mi, Lei 'i,
Maiigum, Moore, Porter PrMoii,Ro'>btii , 8JUttrard,Swi t,
Toniiin^ou, Web ter, and White   Si
NAYS—Me« r¡>  Bentun, BioWi, Buchsmn, Cu'bbert,
Ewuig of 'thnoi«, Grundv   Hubb-ml  Lin -. Mom- NIcTi
ola-  Pa?*, Rives, ILibinion, Tallm id;', Tfpt-m, Waiker,
and Wnght-18
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedvbsdat, June 23, 1836.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Virgmn, the
Committee of the Whole was dise,barp d ^op
the further consideration of the bill t¡? chartsJethe
time for holding the district courts of the United
Slates for the Western district of Virginio, at
Clarksburg, and the same having been biou^t
into the Hottsc, was ordere i to be engrossed fur
a third reading to-day.
REORGANIZATION OF THE  POST OFFICE DE-
PART A1ENT.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the House went
into the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union, ( Mi. C aset in the ehair,) on (he bill for
the reorganization of the Post Office Department,
and the more effectually to provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts thereof
The question pending was the amendment of
the Senate striking out the forty-third ajid fo-ty-
fourth sections, which prevent the postmasters
