<m
THK CONCSKDisKJNJlLGl.OHE.
JuB^ao,
tfertmn fro  liHikf , tot lio thought it too late
in lhe session m>wlo obi*in information from the
Gem r.il Land Office, which w.is necessary before
milium: so important a change._
Mr. Tipton's mouon was r<jectcd,nnd the bill
was ordered to 1* engrosad tor a third reading.
It was, in a subsi qw-nt part of the evening, read
the tlnrd time and passed.
BILtS BlSrOSEB OF.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Nerbert was
taken up for comiduation, and rejected; and
The bill for the relief of William Walker,
Abraham Woodall,and the heirsof Samuel Brown,
was md< finitely pos'poiud.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, a id considered as in Commtttee of
the Whole, end ordeied to a third reading, and
after being engrossed, read the third time and
passed;
The bill authorizing the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to is'ue a patent to David
Talbot, for a quarter section of land in Missouri;
The bill for tho relief of John Cowper;
The bill for the relief of Scioto Evans;
The bill for the relief of James Herrón;
The bill for the relief of John H. Holland;
The bill for the relief of Joshua Pitcher;
The bill providing for a pension to Mary J.
Babbitt;
The bill for the relief of John S. Devlin;
The bill for the relief of Dr. J. E. B. Findly
and A. E. Deas;
The bill for the relief of William H. Robert-
son and Samuel H. Garrón;
The bill to amend the act for quieting posses-
sions, enrolling conveyances, and securing the
estates of purchasers within the Districtof Colum-
bia, passed the 1st day of May, 1632;
The bill to authorize the Shenandoah Bridge
Company at Harper's Perry to erect a bridge
on the rands of the United States at or near the
town of Harper's Ferry;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Forbes, deceased^
The bill for the relief of James Tucker and
John Judge;
The bill to explain an act entitled "An act to
alter and amend the several acts imposing duties
on imports;"
The bill for the relief of Patrick Green; and
The bill for the relief of William East.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for carrying into effect certain Indian treatieswns
read twiee, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The Lull from the House making an appropri-
ation for the continuation of the national road
from Vandalia to the Mississippi river; and
The bill from the House to continue the na-
tional road from the Mississippi river to Jeffer-
son city, in Missouri, were also read twice and
referred.
On moHion of Mr. ROBINSOTÍ.the bill to con-
firm claims to public lands in certain cases was
taken up, and, after being carried through the
usual stages, was passed.
demotion of Mr. LEIGH, the bill to change
the times of holding the district courts of the
United States for-Uie western districtof Virginia,
holden at Clarksburg, was taken up and ordered
to a third reading, ana afterwards read the third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill for
the relief of Jamos Bradford, of Louisiana, was
taken up, and ordered to a third reading.
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Piatt;
"' -The bill for ttjo relief of the children and heirs
of William Fisher, deceased; and
' Tn« bill td reward the capto f« of the privateer
Lydia, were also consicUfrud, and ordered to a
third reading.
,.$ONOP,S TO THE LATE JrjÍMES MADISON.
¡iitylc.  RIVES, from the «elect committee ap-
.jppjnleá to me$| rch committee a* lpiglH he ap-
pointed by the other House toconsider and report
4 y what token of respect and affection it may be
proper for the Congress of tho United Slate  to
, *l*pies  the deep sunsibihty of tlw nation in the
4mVáiQsÍrfAf* ttUfi  ¿OsO^MSA  a£ ^Ám*    ^(IjuL^^UsW   VMmMaCi&afi
the   following   resolutions; which  were unani-
mously adopted:
Tliel'reidcMof tV United States hovbts. communicated
to the two limine:. of"Con;rre s the niu.uic'.iol) i.itcllis<'ncc
oft lie death m tlreir illiK-ti mtis lellow citizen, James alad
i ou. of \ irgiuia, Ute 1're.ident of the C'nitcd State , and
the two [Inure- sharing in the general grid winch this dis-
tressing event niiu-t produce—
Resolved Ay the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of\4mertca tn Congress assembled, That
Ibe cltaim of Hie Pre rdcntoflhe Senate and of the Speak
rr of the House ut Rcnresentauves be shr.nnted tn black
during the residue ot the senior, and that the President of
the Senate, tlie Speaker of the ll< u c of Representatives,
and the members and officers ot both ilonsoa, wear the
usual bodge ot monrnmp for thirty days.
Retrimd, That n be recommended tnthe people of the
United Stales to wear crape on lite left arm. a* mourning,
far thirty dayx.
Resolved, That the President of the United Suites be re-
quested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to ¡Mrs.
Madison, and to x-eurc her of the profound respect of the
two Houses of Congress for her 'person and character, and
of their < incere condolence on the late afflicting dispensa-
tion of Providence.
MESSAGE PROM THE HoTJSE.
A message was received from tlie House of
Representatives, by Mr. Fiianklin, their Clerk,
stating that the House had passed bills making
appropriations for the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities, and for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year 1836; in which they asked the
concurrence of the Senate.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 30, 1836.
Mr. McCARTY moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of offering the following
joint resolution:
Resolved lythe Senateand House of ResntstnUttiv«t>af
the United States of Jlmtiica tn Congress assembled, That
in the construction of tlie Cumlierland road In the State of
Indiana, the Secretary of War shall cause the appropriation
of $250,800, passed at the present session of Congress for
tlie continuation of the Cumberland road *B the State of
Indiana, to he applied to the bridging and graduation of said
road through the said State, until the said graduation and
bridging i< Bauhed, etcept'o much os may be necessary
for the collection of material* for a bridge ou the \Vaba.-h,
not exceeding twenty thousand dollars.
And be i( further resolvei. That it shall hereafter be the
duty of the Sccreta-y of War, in the further construction
of said road, to cause the same to be let out by contracts
to the lowest bidder, upon notice, under such regulations
as the War Department may direct.
Mr. McC. asked for the yeas and naya on his
motion; which were ordered; and were—yeaa 78,
nays 75; not two thirds.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
DISTRICT BANKS.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, the Rouse pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill from the
Senate to extend the charter of the banks of the
District «f Columbia, and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. W. B. SHEPÁRD, the bill
was ao amended as to strike out the words," and
funds equivalent to specie," wherever they oc-
curred in the bill.
Mr- TJJOMAS called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the bill to a third reading; which
were ordered.
Mr. GILLET said he intended to offer several
amendments to this bill, which, in his opinion,
were important to be adopted, to protect the in-
terests of the community generally. It had also
been his intention to address the House at con-
siderable length on the bill and amendments; but,
as he clearly perceived that a majority of tj e
House preferred to act on the original bill, and
as some of those who acted with bun on this sub-
ject deemed it best to vote directly on the bill, he
would yield his opinion to theirs, and not offer
the amendments. He would contenthiroself with
making some remarks generally against, the bill,
and in lea  length than he had intended. Mr.G.
then proceeded in his remarks, a sketch o? which
will hereafter be given.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, moved to strike
entail after the enacting clause, and insert* sub-
stitute renewing the charters of the several banks
therein enumerated till the 4th of July, 1838;
when, after a few words from that gentleman
and Mr. Thomas,
Mr. THOMAS moved to strike out from the
of Georgetown: witch was lost, only 62 voting
in the «ffirtnaiivii.
Mr. THOMAS asked for the yeas and nays
on tlie amendment of Mr. Gauland; which were
ordered.
• Mr. FAIRFIELD moved to strike out the " 4th
of July, l«38," and insert "4th of March, 1837."
Mr. MAY asked for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to, and the substituto of Mr. Gaklaioi
was adnptcd—--yeas 128, nays 50.
Mr. LANE demanded the previous question
on the engrossment Of the bill; which was sec-
onded without a division; and the main question
being ordered,
Mr. MILLER asked for the yeas and nays
thereon-, which were ordered; and were—yeas
126, nays 55.
So the bill wa  ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading; and having been engrossed, was
read the third time.
Mr. LANE demanded the previous question 
on the passage of the bill; but the House refused
to second the motion.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to lay the
bill on the table; which was lost.
The bill was then passed.
TIME OF ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, move } a sus-
pension of the rules, for the purpose of offering a
joint resolution to rescind the resolution fixm 
the day qf adjournment on the 4th of July, ana
extending Hie time to the 11th of the same, month;
which was lost.
EXfcCUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States; which, with the accompanying documents,
on «lotion of Mr. Mason, of Virginia, was re-
íerred to the Commtttee on Foreign Affairs:
Washington, June 30, I8ÍX).
TV the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress copies of a treaty of peace, friend-
ship, navigation, and commerce, between the United bunas
and the Republic of Venezuela, concluded on the 30th of
January, and the ratifications of which were exchanged at
Caraccas on the 31st of May last.
ANDREW JACKSON.
The SPEAKER also communicated the. follow-
ing message from the President of the United
States; which, on motion of Mr. Whittleset,
of Ohio, was referred tp the Committee of Claims:
Waibinotox, June 30,1836.
To fht House of Representatives :
I return to the House ot Representatives the papers which
accompanied tbwiciolutionof tun Out of May la*t,Tu! ti e
to the claim of Don Juaa Madraeo, together with * report
of the Secretary of State, and copies of a correspondence
between him and the Attorney General, showing the
grounds opon which that officer declines giving the opinion
«quested by tlie resolution.
ANDREW JACKSON.
CHEROKCC TREATY.
In execution of the order of last night, on
motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, tho House
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for carrying into effect certain In-
dian treaties', Ac.
The question pending "being the motion of
Mr. Adams to strike out the appropriation of
$4,500,000 for carrying into effect the treaty with
the Cherokee , [as stated jn the proceeding  of
last evening,]
Mr. LAJME edftctuded his remarks in opposi-
tion ,to the, validity of the treaty. In the course
of hjs remarles, Mr. L. referred, the gentleman to
the letter of Major Davis, of Kentucky, and
called upon the gentleman from Kentucky «ear
him to state what he knew of that gentleman.
Mrt JOHNSON, of Kentucky, then rose and
said: Called unon as to my knowledge of the stand-
ing of Major "William M. Davis, I atate, with very
great pleasure^ that I have known him, f<v niany
y^ars^and intimately; and no man s ands higher
for honor, honesty, integrity, patriotism ,«ud firm-
ness, But tp f rev,ent any wrong impressions as
W th« feeling  and npiman of Ma¿pr Davis, from
my correarjonderteje with him, and various con"
«Nr* ti£««*J * * ¿M lj£4itM )r tefofiiat, taking
