v89&
ÍHBUONGRE88K3NA)h^I.OHB
mi
«It «he foe  together, wp to this day, Major |
Davis, placed tn my situation, would now tole i
far tíie appropriation, as 1 «hall tot* to tarry :
into tffeel ilus treaty with the Cheroktes.            1
Mr. LANK said it was nob his object to dis-
cuas ihr- provMMtia #f the treaty, or the bill un-
der consideration—satisfied aa he was, that it
would be sustained by a large majority of this
House. He should not pause to defend the Exe-
cutive or bis Cabinet—they require no such de-
fense from any one.
His object was to respond to the inquiry made
bv the honorable gentleman from Sew York,
[Mr. Lora.J " trio it Sttunmrhom ?" Sir, I
have been acquainted with this much-abused in-
dividual some twenty-five years, and will inform
tire gentleman from New 'i ork thathe isabighly
respectable and intelligent American chinen, ven-
erable for yi-ars and appearance; a gentleman in .
manners, whose life and conversation at all times,
and on all occasions, correspond with his profes-
sions; a high-minded andan honorable roan; and,
more than all, an honest man, the noblest work
of God. And though he has rendered much
service to his country, he has never sought office,
but has been sought after; and as evidence of this
fact, I speak knowingly, when I say that Mr.
Schermerhorn has refused to accept a high and
honorable office provided for by the very treaty
 ow the subject of debate.
Sir, I have said nil I intended to say, when I
rose. If I had said less, I should have been reck-
less to my duty towards a friend and acquaint-
ance. Others on this floor can bear equal and
honorable evidence of the integrity and worth of
this amiable nnd interesting man.
After some debate by Messrs. HARDIN and
ROBERTSON, the House took the usual recess.
ÉVEX1NG SESSION.
The bill granting the Winnisimmet Company
the power to lay out a road across the public
lands was read the third time and pa/wed.
The following bills from the Senate were sev-
erally read twice and referred:
An act to renew the patent of Joseph Grant;
An act granting a pension to General Eleazer
W. Ripley; and                                                    j
Ao act to establish a foundery in the West ox
Sooth; armories in the States in which there are
none; and depots of arms in certain States and
Territories.                                                           |
EX-PRESIDENT MADISON.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
the following message;
IViSBlKOTO , Am 30,1856.
I* <M Scaefee** Hotu* •/ Rqpr«M*4ttfn*.-
It becomes my painful duty to announce to roa the mel-
ancuolr intelligence of the death of Jame* Madison, ex-
Pretndent of oSf United States. He departed thw life at
kail" past aia o'clock, ou tbe Hionung of the 38ta iMtant, fW I
of year* and full of honors.
1 hasten Uiu eonynumcatio , ¡a ordartba* CosgreaMnay
adopt sncli measures as may be-prtper to testify their «raise
of the respect whiehtaaueto the SMtaWy «f ote whose life
has cautnsmed so essentially to the happiness sad glory of
bit country, and K> the good of nwokiud.
ANDREW JACKSON.
The message having been read,
Mr. PATTON said that the particular relation
in whkh he stood, aa his immediate representa-
tive and personal friend, towards the great public
benelaclot whose decease, "full of years and
full of honors,'' had just been announced by the
message of the President of the .United States,
had induced the Virginia delegation to devolve
Xn him the mournful duty of proposing for the
ption oí* the House, the resolution he was
•bout to offer, for the purpose of determining
«pon the course to be pursued for giving expres-
sion to the national sensibility to the great be-
jcavsmeat we had suffered.  ■ -
I do not, however, Mr. Speaker, feel it to be a
Suitable occasion in which to employ or indulge
in any studied phrase or panegyric upon the
public or prívale virtues of the venerabla man
whose km  we deplore.
It is true, sir, that, early imbued .with the
sincerest veneration for the character of Mr.
Madison, with the profoundest admiration of his
talents, and the warmest gratitude for his eminent
and varied public services, there is no language
tfcs> I «mid employ which would exaggerate the
deep emotion with which 1 hay* been hnpnewd
by the melancholy intelligence of his death* and
I am sure that it would be equally impossible far
me to speak of him in any terms that woaM de-
pict an individua) preefnineft  in tvrl the virtsre  of
social and private life, or one that combined the
merits of a patriot,statesman,aa*l Bage^that would
not And a ready and fuH response in the mind sand
hearts of all who hear me. Bkit it is not a feebfe
effort of this kind, s\teh as I could make, nor
even by tibe highest, effort of human eloquence,
the lofty inspiration of poetry, " the stoned urn
•r animated bust," that can rear an appropriate
monument to the memory of Mr. Madison, or
erect a suitable monument to his fame.
Hrs appropriate and enduring eutagknn is to
be round inscribed in those pages of hiscoontry's
history which are ideiitifiea with her honor and
glory. It is engraved upon every pillar of that
splendid fabric of constitutional liberty under
which we live. It is identified with the existence
of that glorious union of confederated States
which he contributed so essentially to form, and
the maintenance and preservation of which, with
all its numerous blessings, were the constant ob-
jects of his care during his long* laborious, and
useful public life, nnd of his most earnest ami
anxious solicitude in the shades of retirement.
And, Mr. Speaker*another and not less de-
cisive and more affecting evidence of his merit
and title to public gratitude Will be found in the
deep grief with which his loss will be deplored
by every man in the nation as a great national
calamity. I offer the resolution which I now
send to the Chair:
Rnolvtd, That a committee he appointed oh "the part of
this Honsc, to join sucb committee i- may be appointed on
the part of the Senate, to consider and report by wbnt token
of respect and affection It nsajr be proper for the Congress
of the United States to express the deep sensibility of Uie
nation in the event of the decease of Mr. Madison, just an-
nounced by the President of the United States to this Hous-e.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. ADAMS rose, and addressed the Speaker.
By the general senW of the 'Honse (said he) it is
with perfect propriety that the delegation from
the Commonwealth of Virginia have taken the
| lead in the melancholy duty of proposing the meas-
, ures suitable to be adopted as testimonials  of
, the veneration due from the Legislature of the
■ Union to the memory of the departed patriot and
sage, the native of their soil, and the eitite  of
their community.                                   >     >
It is not without some hesitation, and some dif-
fidence, that I have risen to offer in my own be-
half, and in that of my colleagues upon -this) floor,
and of ourcommon constituents, to join our toree,
at once of mourning and of exultation, at the event
announced to both Houses Of Congress by themes-
sage from the President of the United States—of
mourning at the bereavement which has befallen
our common country by the decease of one of her
most illustrious sons—of exultation at the spec-
tacle afforded to the observation of the civilized
world, and for the emulation of aftertimes,-by the
close of a life of usefulness and of glory, after
forty years of service in trusts of the highest dig-
nity and splendor that a confiding country oouW
besfow, succeeded bytwenty year  of retirement
and private life, not inferior, in the estimation of
' the virtuous arid the wise, to the honors of the
1 highest station that ambition can ever attain."
t    Of the public Ufe of James Madison what could
' I say that Is hot deeply impressed upon the mem-
(ory, and upon the heart of every one within the
sound of my voice?   Of hisprifate life, what bht
I nrtrst meet an echoing shout of applause from
! every voice within thi* Hall?   Is it not in a pre-
! eminent degree by emanations from his mind
i that we are assembled here as the represfrtatives
of the people and the States of this Union•.   Is it
not transcendently by his exertions that we all
address each other here by the endearing appella-
tion of countrymen and fellow-citizens ?   Of that
band of benefactors of (he human mce, the found-
ers of the Constitution of the United States, James
Madison is the last who has gone to his reward.
Their glorious work has survived them all.-They
hare transmitted the precious bond of union to
us, now entirely a succeeding generation to then-
May ¿t sjavvar cease.to bea.voioe at admopition to
us «f sur duty to transmit the inheritance unhn-
psired to our" children of the rising age! •   ''
< Of the personal relations with.this great man,
which gave rise to the long career of public ser-
vice^ in which twenty years of myownirfe has
beeji engaged, it becomes me not to speak; The
fullness of the heart must be silent, even to the
serppresskm of the overflowings' oF gratitude and
aüection.
The resolution was agreed to; and the commit-
tee ordered to consist of one member from each
State.
A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the adoption of the following resolution
by that body:
I  StNArEov th« UntTSp States,
June 30, 1833.
Reitlcei, That 1 committee be.appowtcd on the part of
the Senate, tsjotn such committee as maj be appointed on
the part of the Hou^ to consider and report by whnt
tbkans of refpect nnd aflscoon rt may be proper for the
tfosgfese of the United States to express the deep tensi-
bihty of the nation to the event of the decease of Mr.
Madison, Just announced by the President of the United
States.
Ordered. That Mr. Rives, 'Mr. Cut, Mr. Cir.nor , Mr.
CrORDYjMt.BuohanaM, Mr.LsisB,andMr'-T«LLMAD«E,
be the committee.
Attest:                       WALTER LOWR1E,
Secretary.
On motion of M?. PATTÓN, the House con-
curred in the resolution of the Senate; and,ac-
cording to,a previous Order of the House, the
committee was ordered to consist of one from
each State in the Union; olid the following gen-
tlemen were appointed: _
Mr. PATTQN,dfVirg'mia?Mr.M^AsoN,qf Maine;
Mr. Qoshman, of New Hampshire; Mr. Adamj,
óf Massachusetts; Mr. Toucet, of Connecticut;
Mr. Pear-ce, of Rhode Island;'Mr. Allen, of
Vermont j, Mr. Warb, of New York; Mr. Paí-
ftER, of New Jersey; Mr. Anthony, of Pennsyl-
vania; Mr. Milligan, of J)(jlaware; Mr. Wash-
ington, of Maryland; Mr. Deberrv, of North
Carolina.; Mr.' Qtarrni, of South Carolina; Mr.
Coffxe, of Gfe'orgia; Mr. Johnson, ofifentucky;
Mr, Dcnlaf, of Tennessee; Mr, McLene, of
"Óhíp; Mr. RipLEt, of Louisiana; Mr.CARR, of
Indiana; Mr. Claiborne, of Mississippi; Mr.
Reynolds, bf, Illinois; Mr. Lton, of Alabama;
and Mr. ¿Jarrison, of Missouri.
CHEROKEE TREATY*
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole (Mr. Lincoln in the chair) on the bnl
making further appropriations lor carrying into
effect certain Indian treaties, arid for other pur-
poses.
The question perlding was the rhotion of Mr.
Adams to strike out the-rbllowrng clause:
For the amount stipulated to be paid for the lands ceded
in the first article of the treaty with th<- Oherokees of the
99th of December, 1833, deducting the eo*t of the land fo
be prended for them west of live MHSusippt, under the
second article of the treaty, $4,000,000.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Kentucky, addressed the
committee at some length in opposition to mak-
ing the appropriation. He did not regard Ais a
treaty B  arfl  and Would sot vote this appropria-
tion under any «onsúieratiorj. Should it be said
that the Government  because it had the. power,
should force this fraud upon tile Cherokee na-
tion? for no man could say that it wa á treaty.
He would take occasion to «sit the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to state the
items on which the §35,080 for1 bearing the ex-
penses of making this tseaty were based.
Mr. CAMBBELENGstated that <|$ ,Q00 were
for bearing the expenses of the delegation from
the western to the «astern Cherokee , andlrom
that to^ WashingtoJit. and #6>iHM>fbr the expenses
of the eov nii s  ) ersf in tbs negotiation of the
tre4tyj-                 "
Mr.' GALsHQUN resumed, and said he was
satisfied withthe explanation; but he would «he
to see the vouchers from which this appropria-
tion was made out, or to kno*'whetfaer theoe
were any. He then went on to eh**, byteier-
euce U> lette* , that the statements of M . Scher-
merhorn in relation tt  Maj** Daws "were un-
fettaded a  fact* ■■■■•>'
The ouestiot wastateen on the motion tostrnte
out; which Wa decided ift the negative, without
* M*^ WISE then offered An  arfle d est to strike
out the elause above alluded te-, awl insert an ap-
propnatioe of $4^0O,0ü(Vfo  *«• pwrohése of 
