THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBJT.
Jiutft:89,
trs*t of country west of the Mississippi, for the
use of the Cherokee nation, omitting   reference
to the treaty. Mr. W. dewed that there was a
treaty.and called upon gentlemen to say whether
there was one.
Mr. DUNLAP replied that there ud bet* a
treaty made under the authority of the President,
and conarroedbytbeSenate; and this treaty was
made under the Goastiiutioo of our country.
Mr. WISE resumed, and denied that there
was any *  « jWe treaty, because tlie Cherokee
nation had never agreed to this treaty, and now
almost unanimously protested against it. He
contended that the whole proceeding in relation
to the negotiation was a fraud upon the Indians.
This Mr. Schermcrhorti was a complete " raw-
head and bloody bones" to these ignorant Indians
while their chiefs were at Washington; and he
had made with them what he called a treaty with
a very small portion of the Cherokees. Mr. W.
quoted from various documents, and addressed
tie committee for about three hours.
Mr. PEYTON followed in reply to Mr. Wis*,
and xa support of the appropriation. He de-
nounced Messrs. Schermerliom and Currie as the
two worst agents that.could have been selected
in .all God's creation, and entered into an exami-
nation of the character of all Indian treaties,
which could not be weigfied by the rigid rules of
Puffendorff, Grotius, and Vattel. ' So far from
their having been made, or avowedly made, be-
tween equal contracting parties,they had always
been made by force. Mr. P. theri moved that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. WIS£ remarked, that his amendment was
pending, and he trusted it met the views of'his
mend from Tennessee. .Xet ús (said,Mr. W.)
rote the money, but strike out all about a treaty,
xrhidi was a thing not in esse.
Mr. BOON said he had heard the letters <jf
Messrs. Davis and Schermerhbrti read, but
neither of therb.' weighed anything with him,
coming, as they did, from persons who were
interested. It.was enbúghJbrnJm" to know that
the treaty had been approved .by the Executive,
and ratified by twb thirds of the Senate; and he
would vote for it, in that case, if its stipulations
took every dollar of the surplus revenue out of
the Treasury. Let the contracting parties—the
President of the United States, and the commis-
sioners making the treaty, and the Senate of the
United States confirming it—be responsible for
the act; he would vote for the appropriation.
The amendment of Mr. WISE was then dis-
agreed to without a division.
Mr. BELL proposed an additional item of
SI.OOQ to defray the expenses of removing ihe
octaw Indian , residing within the State of
Mississippi, to their location west of the Missis-
sippi river; which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL moved in amendment ¿king the
time of the payment *f the pension to Colonel
-Gideon Morgan,from 32dof March, 1814,agree-
ably to the fourteenths article of the Cherokee
treaty; [Colonel M. was Wounded at the battle
• of the Horse Shoe;] which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to increase the
item of $35,000 for the negotiatory and other ex-
penses attending the Cherokee treaty to $37,212;
which was agreed to.
' Mr-CAMBRELENG afeo moved an additional
clause appropriating $T ,600 for surveying the
hinds set apart for the Cherokee^ under the stip-
ulations of the treaty; which 'Was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved an additional
section, providing Üwt no part of the appropria-
tion heretofore made under the treaty with (he
Eastern Creeks should be paid to any Indians
■engaged is: hostilities agsanet the "united States,
except in such a diangw of circumstances as to
induce die President of'ib* Unite  States to direct
otherwisev which wa* agreed to.
- 'MrvC.arta moved a femhersection,extending
the prenvisions of a bill relating to the Winne-
bago Indian ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WISE called for a statement, item by iters,
*f the appropriation o< *35,000, for expenses
attending the negotiation of the said treaty, and
of the delegation.                                                '   '
Mr. CAMBRELENG said the gemleman'from
Kentucky had put the'same rjwestion, which Mr.
C. hoe them answered:   Mr- G. ther  stated the
j items composing the aggregatp, part .of which
' I were provided for under the fifth article of the
'• treaty.
Mr. WISE was not satisfied with the expla-
nation, and he moved to strike out the clause, as
follows:
For expanses attending the negotiation of the said treaty,
and of the daiegaiiiMi,,according to uu> null sruala of «aid
supplementary treaty, $35,0(10;
which was lost without a count.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose, (at a quarter to nine, p.m.,) and
reported the bill and amendments to the House.
The Speaker having resumed the Chair, the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole
were severally concurred m without a division;
and the question being on the engrossment of the
bill,
Mr. ADAMS asked for the. yeas and. nays;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 125> nays
45, as follows:                             I
YEAS—Messrs. Anthany, Ash, Barton, Beat , Ball,
BocKeer.Boau, Bouldtn, Bunch, Duma, Caisareleofe Camf
bell, Carter, Casey, Chancy, Chapman, Cbauin, John F. H.
Claiborne, Cleveland, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Custi-
man, Dtckersoa, DouNeday, Dromgoole, Danlap, Fairfield,
Fail in, Forester, Fowler, French, Fry, Wllliasi K. Fuller,
James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, tíranünmi, GnUip,
Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamcr, Hardin, Harper, Samuel S.
Hnmson, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Havnes,
Hopkins, Huntsman, Ingham, Jahez Jackson. Jarvis, Rich-
ard M. Johnson, Cava Jolin on, Henry Johnson, John VV.
Jones, Judson, Kilgore, Lane, Lansing, Lawlor, Gideon
Lee. Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewis, Logan, Lnyall, Lucas,
Lroh, Abijati Mann, Job Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason,
William Mason, Moses Masdn, May, McKay, MeRcon,
McKim,JncLenc, Miller, Montgnmery, Morgan, Owens,
Parker, Parks, Patterson, Dutce J. Pcaree, James A. Pcarce,
Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew, Peyton, Phelps,, Pinckney,
John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Rogers,
Schenck, William B. Shepard, Shinn, Pickles, Smith,
Storer, Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Totl-
cey, Towns, Ttirner,TumlLVanderpof 1, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwell, Washington, Webster, White, Thomas T.
Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam«, Chilton Allan, Heman ARcn,
Ashley, Beale, .Beaumont, Brug , John Calluxm, William
B.Calftoan, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark, Cluhing,- He
berry, Denny, Evans, Everett, Graves, Grennell, Hard,
Hazeltine, Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Hunt, Ingersoll,
Jenifer, Lawrence, Lincoln, Love, MeCairty, Millijran,
Morris, Phillips, Pott), Reed, Robert*™, Russell. ¡ilude.
Taliaferro, Visteo, EliKha Wbittlasey, Lewis Williams,
and Wise—45.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and having been engrossed, was
read a third time. ,
Mr. VINTON asked for the yeas and nays on
the final passage; which were ordered; and were—
yeas 127, nays 54; a  follows:
,     YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Ash,   Barton, Bean, Befl,
Bockea, Routdin, Boyd, Ikiiieü, Burns, Catnbreleng, Cans-
bell, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín, John F. U. Clai-
borne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, praig, Cramer, \
Cashinan, Doubleday, Uromgoole, Dunlsjb, Fariin, Forester, '
Fowler, Freites, Fry, Wilnona K. Fuller, Galbraith, James
Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, GcanUand, Griffin, Ualey,
Jossph Hall, Hanier, Hardin,. Harper, Albert G. Harrison,
Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Hopkins, Hublcy, tluntsman,
Ingham, Jabfiz JacVson, Jarvis; Cave Johnson, Henry John-
ton, RichardM. Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Judson, Kennou, Kilgore, Kiunard,Lane, Lansing, Lftwler,
Gideon Lee, Thomas Lcc, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewis,
Logan, Loyall, Lacas, Lyon. Job Mann, Martin, John Y.
Mason, William Mason, Mose  Mason, Manry, May, Mc-
i.Ksy, McKim, Miller, Montgomery, Montan, Owens, Page,
: Parker, Parks, PaUerson, Patton, Franklin Pierce, Dutee J.
| Pcarce, James A. Pearce, Pettigrew, Peyton, PheIps,,Pinck-
rley, John   Reynold", Joseph   Reynolds,  Roane, Rogers,
1 Sdheock, Wittun 8. Shepanf, Shields, Shim , Sickles,
; SmiWjStOferjSutkorland.'fasrtor^'rioniaSiJolUi Thomson,
; Toncey, Towns,  T«jrn)l,   Watcner, VVajd, Wardwell,
¡ Washington, Webster, White, Thomas; T. Whittlesey, and
BKterfod Williams—P27.                   ,       •      7
NAYS ■*-Messrs.Adams, Chilton Allan, Woman Alien,
Asmey, Bailey, Bea^e, Ik-aomfmt, Band, Urijgi, John Cal-
¡ boon, WiHiam B. Calliouu, George Chambers, Nathaniel
I H. Claiborne, Clark, Crane,,Cu.jbin , Darlington, Dcberry,
¡ Denny, Evans, Everett, ijmve . Gnrtnetl, Hard, Harlan,
i Haxeluse, Henderson. Heister, Hoar, Howell. Hunt, lager-
soil, Jenifer, Lawrence, Lay, Lincoln, Loye, Sampson
Mason, McCarty, Mclicnnan, M«rcer, Milligan, Morris,
Phillips,Potts; Reed, Rbbcrwon, Riisscrt, Slade,Taliaferro,
Vinton, EHeha'Whittlesey, Lewis VTilliasw, nml Wfee-i-54.
So the bill was passed,   •                       '
CUMBERLAND ROAD.      ,     , :
The following engrossed bills -were /end a third
time and passed r           ■       '-:.■... -.
"?he act to continue the - iiatroíiíil fdad froln
Vandalia, in the State Of IHiftois', « tfte Mi*«is-
aipfii rive-r;
Th«act t* éominue the titottonal 'remé ftdttiííc
Mississippi river to Jeffersén City, i  the'etttte
of Missouri.                    "     :'     '  *""■ r-i 1.J1—Í1
OtsmoüonofMKCAMBRELENG.theHopise
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole^m
the state of the Union, (Mr. Mason, of Virginia,
, in the chair.)
WDMW HOSTILITIES.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee took up the bill making appropriations
fbr the suppression of Indian hostilities, and for
other purposes.
[The bill made applicable a balance of a former
appropriation of $1,000,000, and further appro-
"pnatéif the sum of $2,400,000 fbr the objects
■stated in the title.]   ,
*  ; Mr. STORER saló* nc hurl voted fhis fevening
"tibwarrls of five millions of dollars to remove
'tSlesc'Indians peaceably, and he did so on proper
grounds, but the document from the War Depart-
ment did not, in his opinion, justify this addi-
tional call of two millions and a half.    Moreover,
• he had heard' it stated that the Creek Avar was at
an end. He could couceive, then, of nb other
object ftir this large appropriation than this: that
the magnificent scheme of fortifications, having
been vnted down by the House and the Senate,
the object now was to exhaust as much as possi-
ble of the surplus to be distributed in January
next. He was not disposed to stint these appro-
priations, and, if satisfied they were necessary,
he would go to the verge of liberality. Mr. S.
.moved to reduce the second section to $J,000;ÚOO.
Mi1.' WHITE, of Florida, entered intd an ex-
planation of UÍ6 necessity of the appropriation.
There were now between six and seven thousand
men employed in the Creek campaign. A portion
of the appropriation was already expended, and
-drafts were coming in every day. No one knew
for certain that the Creek war was ended; buLjt
would be better to appropriate as much as might
be necessary in case of exigency, since no more
would be expended than was required.
Mr. STORER was satisfied with the explana-
tion, and withdrew the ame'ridment.
Mr. PEYTON moved an additional section,
-providing that the horses of the mounted volun-
teers received into the'service under the act passed
at'the present session of Congress, should be'sold
as the property of the Government, when the sajd
volunteers were discharged front the-service, arid
each volunteer should receive the srum at which
each horiewas valued at the time he entered the
Service.  "                                         ■     ■ . > •        n
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then laid ^aside.  "•-'
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then  took up the bill making appropria-
tions for the  Military Academy of the' United
{ States for. the year 1836.
An amendment, inserting some'timáll additional
item, was moved by Mr. INGERSOLL, and
agreed to.
Mr. PIETtCJP. of New Hampshire, rose an,d
addressed the committee at some length, in oppo-
. sition to the principles of the institution, and ad-
! verted.to.the continued and successful opposition,
1 on the'part of its friends, to permit the report of
! the investigating committee'of the last Congress
! to be published.    [At an early period of the pre-
sent session, the 14th df January, we believe;
Mr. P. had addressed the House for about half
an hour orí the resolution of1 Mr. Hawes, propo-
sing to print that report.   His remarks were cut
n(T by the expiration of the hour devoted to
(jamming business, and from that time the resolu-
tion has never been reached.    Mr. P. availed
h'tmself'of this occasion to conclude Ms remarks,
, «id the whole will be published in a cdnsecutive
foWnassoon as it can oeprepared.]   Mr. P.gttve
Way to
Mr. CAMBRELENG, whty- moved that the
^committee rise, and report the bill for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities, and lay the one
utjdef consideration aside.                                   :::
Mr. BRIQGS objected to the rnotiori.,
. Mr. BELL said gentlemen were mistaken in
ffynRing thai no biffs could be sent tb the Senate
lb-morrow.   There was'nbthing id'the rules to
prevent it.    •            "                   ...■,•.:>•■•
K MrV WARD suggested t*kt the present bill be
also reported-to the House, and if there w$s:«riy
1ntemioíti(r/errpose""ifi lé^tTiÉrfis^^oártieíH-be n*We
