I8SSÜ.
THBiei^NCÍRt)$8K)NAfciGí,í)BIÍ.
m
in tfee Hon ", and he pledged himself to-exert
tv iiatever mliueiKO ho mtglrt b v* t  prevent the
application of tiw previous-question. We have
\said Mr. W>) now been here upwards of «it
niomiis, without any appropriation having been
made tor the Military Academy, and now we
hawefmi exceeding one hour left upon t.i |ch*.bill
can be sent 10. the Senate for concurrence) and
unless ikus biH is im>v> disposed of favorably it
will be lost. There is no reason that can be i
urged against this appropriation, for the in*ltu-
Uon has not been abolished by law; and until
that is done, which I trust will not happen soon,
the appropriation must be made. He hoped gen-
tlemen would not, at this period of the session 
interpose *uy further objections against this bill.
Such was the situation of the finances of this in*-
Mtutioo, that many of the young gentlemen had
been obliged to call upon their friends for money
id reach their homes;and the gentlemen who had
been appointed visitors of the institution had not
receive d the usual compensation for their service*,
ill. W. said, in conclusion, that he would not
consent that the committee should rise on the one
bill without at the same time reporting the other.
Moreover, there were several other bills that
ought to be acted upon at the present time.
The motion was then disagreed to without a
division; and Mr. Pierce concluded his remarks.
Mr* CAMBRELEXG again expressed a wish
that the bill should be brought into the House at
once. He stated that he had, in every instance,
voted to take up the Resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Hawes,] to print the re-
port of the sekct committee on this institution,
and he was confident the friends of the institu-
tion '♦*(! nothing to fear from investigation, or
Ule publication of that report.
Mr. GRIGGS made some remarks in.defense
of tlw institution.   ->
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, then «mewed the
motion that the committee use 
Mr. VANDERPOIX moved a modification
that the two bills be reported to. h« House.'
J4r. IJOOX then addressed the committee,, in
opposition to the principles of the institution,
which he described to be of an aristocratic and
exclusive character.               ,
Mr. HAWES then proceeded to address the
«ommutee, and* after proceeding fbf some time,
gave way to
Mr LEWIS, who rmrred that Uie committee
rise.
Mr. VANDERPOEL mored to amend the
motion by adding  "and report the bills to the
House."
Mr. PLVCKNEY called for a division of the
question; and on taking it on the bill making ap-
propriations for the West Point Acadjfrny, the
tellers reporting—«ye  74, nays 30, not a quo-
rum, the committee rose and reported that fact to
the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved a sustention of the
rules, for the purpose of considering <Re following;
resolution:
Jlaolred, That a *eleetet>ntnitMe,«oaMMnig of mae,be
cpponitnt to? UMpin what* if *ay,an«rau«Mtt aré expedient
I  be made hi the ennatitnoon and government of ttie Mil- ,
Msry Academy at Wen Point; aaa what, if additional,
legislation uripcihent upon M c —>nect of ractt academy,
with power to vua nal academy, prior to lire next Ksm
of the present I'ongreas, to send lor persons and papera, and
to repoa rtfu proceeding* and, views upon tie whole nat-
ter thus ^nbuiUled to ttiem !ls early as may be done after
tile comm^neetnem Of the neit session of Congress.
The motion to suspend was lost without  
division                                                         (
Mr. CAMBRELENC3 moved that ton thou-
sand copies of the report of the select committep
on the West Point Academy be printed, remark-
ing that it ought to ha\e been printed twelve
months ago.
Mr. BR.IGGS said it ought not to be printed at
all.                                         .                             !
Mr. EVANS contended that, as the committee
kad risen- for want of a quorum ,110 business could
be transacted until it w as ascertained whether a
quorum were present.
Tie SPEAKERcaused the House to he cannt-
ed,anda<fuofum being found present, the Blouse
again weut into committee on the West Point
Academy ImU.
Mr* ¿iAVVfiS mored to strike out the «natung
clause Bind, after spanking for some time, -the
question was taken, and tltc motion disagreed to.
The committee then rose and reported both the
above bills to the House, when the amendments
to both were scvoisrUy/concwricd in, and they
•were ordered to athird readmg,rcad a third time,
and passed.
The House again went into Committee of the
Whole, (Mr. Briogs in the chair.)
STAf B AN  TRftA&VHY DEPARTMENTS.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, the committee
took up the bill to' provide fbr erecting a fire-
proof building for the adcoihlnmdatiori of the
Departments of tire Treasury .and of State.
Mr. JARVIS moved some amendments; which
were agreed to; and after a few remarks from
Messrs. JARVIS, TALIAFERRO, and PAT-
TON,
Mr! GRAVES moved a proviso that the cost
of the building should notexceed the amount ap-
propriated in the bill, (being $200,000 )
On taking the question, the tellers reported—
ayes 97, noes 46. The committee rose for want
of aquorom, arid reported that fact to the House.
EX-PREáIDENT MADISON.
Mr. PATTON, from the select committee,
made-the fallowing repxirt:
The Fr* *d«mof tlw Urate* States noting communi-
cated to toe two Houses 01 Oongtess the melanehoiy-intet-
ligence 01 the doatk of Uieir illustriou  anitbduYcd tejtan&-
emzen, JVMls AIadisos, of Virginia tatc President otitic
United State , and the two tloir-e  «Inrin  in the general
griff winch this distressing eietil man produce:.
Readlaei by Ike StnaU vni House of Repreunt ¡jtu «s pf
tie Uiuted States  n Congress assembled, Tliat the chaixs
of the President of the Senate, and or the Speaker of thfe
House of Uepre«enntives, be «hroudqd 111 black during the
preseat session; antf that the rrtsirianTef tlié Sénnti^the
Speaker of the Uouae of RepresentauYep, and toe memlxjrs
and officer* of both UouoC? «eat tile u^iil b<Wge of mourn,
inz for thirty dij«                                                     ,
Jtesolperf, That it be recommended to Hk people or ihe
United States to wear crape on the left arm, as mourning,
lor thirty day*.
Retailed, That the President of the United States be
requested W rransmit a copy of tlie«b resolutions to Mrs
MadMnv, and to assurfc her of the profound re«pict -of the
two Houses of Congress for her peuon and character, and
of the  Fiscere condolence-oa the late aiilucilng rii peesa-
tion of Providence.
The report and resolutions were concurred in
unanimously.                                              ,
On motion o£ Mr. T1RIGGS, the Httuse i)A-
joumed at one o'ic)05k fa the morning.  '     ,
IN SENATE.              '     '
Friday , July 1, 133G.
At ten o'clock, the Vice President not berog
tresent, the Senate was caljed to order by the
ecretary, who announced that a quorum was
present; and,                                    J
On motion of Mr.WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to ballot for a President pro tempore, and
on counting the ballots they resulted as follows:
Por Mr. Hive, of Alabama............22
"   Sotjf hard.....................H J
"    Websiír..................... 1'
"   Ci,* ......... .....j..k..;.... 1
"   Koto, of Georgia..............1
•Rlarik..,....'..................I1
There hanng been given fortybaHots, ofwhwh
twenty-one wert necessary to a choice, Mr. Khvc,
of Alabaras, hawing «cmwdr unrcntyi-rAtri votes,
•wo* declared to be duly ejected, and-^wps con-
ducted to the chair by Mr. White.          , n
, Mr. KING then rose and addressedstíie Sana^P
as follows:
,  ekfOUmen eftht. SenaU: Tins ^aftesins Mani-
festation of the confidence and respect of my
brother Senators fills my ¡icart with the liveliest
sensibility.   To be called to preside over the de-
liberations of the Senate of the, United; States^ d is-
tinzuished, as it is, for intelligence, moral worth,
and a patriotic devotion to the principles of lib-
erty, is an honor of which the first in this land
might be justly proud.   1 shall entej upon the
discharge of the duties which ypvr'kindness has
j devolved upon me, with the determination to dis-
1 charge them faithfully ,zealously,and impartially.
I am, however, fully aware that, unless I am
1 sustained by the Senate, all my, efl^rt  «orreetly
i and usefully to discharge them must prove \ain
I «id fpiulow; but too ordW, the decorum, whiah
lias heretofore WKqminentljr distinguished, the
Senate of the United Spates, the ..courtesy and
good feehng which ha  uniformly, marked^thte
official antisocial intercourse ofitsmcmbers-.grife
me the strongest assurance that I may confidently
rely on llieir kindness and support. 1 earnestly
request honorable Senators to make properallow-
unccs for the en 01s into which I may occasion,-
ally fall,, and to .aid me in collecting them.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HEÍÍDRI'CKS, from ihe Committee on
Roads and Canals, to whaeh had been referred
the bills from the House to continue the Cumber-
land road from Vandalia to the Mississippi riyer,
and to continue the national road to Jefferson city,
Missouri, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. TOMLINSON submitted a resolution
making additional allowances to the messengers
of the Senate, -which was agreed to.
Mr. MANGfUM submitted a resolution^allow-
ing an additional allowance of ¿300 per session, for
the present and two previous sessions, to the Ser1-
geant-at-Arms; which was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted a resolution to al-
low Lewis H. Machen, clerk m the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, $300 in addition to his
pay for'acting as principal cleik during the ses-
sion, which was passed.
On motion of'Mr HENtfeiCKS,die Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals was discharged from
the fqrther consideration of all subjects referred
to them and not acted on.
On motion of Mr. EWIJiG, of Ohio, the Cim-
mitlec on Public Lands was discháiged from'tha
further consideration of ^ho,vanous subjects,re-
ferred to them and not acted on.
'On motion of Mr. TIPTON.the Committee on
Claims was discharged from the further Consid-
eration of the^arious subjects referred to them
and not acted on.                                    ,.       ,
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the Cdrnmitiee
oñ the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the various sub-
jects referred to them and not acted on.             m
Mr. MOORE made a similar motion with re-
spect to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
, Mr. BLACK made a similar motion with re-
spect to the Committee ón Pi 1 vate Larld Claini '.
Mi. TOMLINSON made a similar motion with
resppot to the Committee on Pensions; áhd
Mi. KENT made á similar motion with respect
' to the Committee on the District of 'CoKimtlá;
1 all of which motions were agreed to.
1                      HOUSE BILt'S PASSED.
The following bul  fiom the House were, sev-
erally canied thiough their different stages and
passed.                                v       ,
The bill making appropiiations for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities; and
> The bill for the support of the Military Acad-
emy f«C the year 1836.                                   , /
The bill fiorn the House making appropria^on*
for the building of light-houses, light-boats, bea-
con-lights, buoys  an.d surveys; and
The Bill fi&m the House making appropriations
fbr Ufe lmbrovemtent! of certain, haroarff therein
rfientioned, were severally read the «etbrfd tÍHie
arid referred. '
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Om motion of Mr. PRESTQN, the report of
the Committee 00 Foreign Relations aiiyths «qb-
ject of Texas, was taken qp,.
The report of tb« Gomnnttee on Foreign Rela-
tions concludes wUh a resolution declaring that
the independence of Teyas ought to be acknowl-
edged as sbon as the President shall have received
sausfoetory in formation that she has established
tm'indcptmdent Government, ««pable of «^""K
into relations of amity and commerce wit*'ft>r-
* Mr PRESTON, after addressing th* Senate in
a -peech of eonsidorabifl If ngth hi feyor of the
cause of Texas, ajad sjigtainwjg the views of ¿he
committee,and *he message of the President «P
tlie subject, moved to amend the resolution, with
which their report concludes, by adding a, clause
expressing 0  satisfaction,ofrip *<£•£ AM* 
Presideiit?sliavingadoptedjn(,a*uje8forobtaii)irjg
