«64
THE €ONGKB$ttONAL Gf.OBE.
JatyMI,
aeettrate information as to the civil, military, and
•political condition of Texas.                          ____
1Mr« r* CLAY, WEBSTER, WALKER,
BUCHANAN. NILES, SOUTHARD, and
BENTON, scvrrallv followed Mr Prestov,
tnkinir srenerally the same Tiews, and expressing
thrir'accjuiescenre in the resolution and amend-
ment; after which the amendment was agreed to;
and the resolution, asamended, was unanimously
adopted—yr«s 39; as follows:
YKAS—Mm«in. Bayard, Benton, Black, BucJianan,Cal-
houn, Clav. Cta>ton.Vnthbori. r nn«, Rwinfrnf Illinois,
Kivlnt 01 IMiio.GohUboroujh, tirundy, Ilemtncks, Kent,
K«ms i %latoaina, Kineoi Uoorgia, Leigh. Linn, Maaiun,
Moure. Nicuota*. Nile , 1'age, Porter, Preston, Rives, Uob-
bms. l!oliin«oii.Ru |le-. Southard. Swift, Tallniadpe.Tom-
limt'ti. Walker. Wall, Webster. While, and Wright—39.
TRACKING PRIVILEGE TO MRS. MADISON.
Mr. LEIGH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to extend the franking privilege to
Mrs. Madison; which was unanimously carried
through the different stages, and sent to the other
House for concurrence.
Mr. L. then mjved a suspension of the joint
rules, so far as concerns the above bill, wnich
prohibits bills from being seat from one House
to the other during the last three days of the ses-
sion ; which was agreed to; and the Secretary was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House in
the suspension.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Piatt;
The bill for the relief of John Powell; and
The bill for the relief of James Bradford, of
Louisiana.
The forlowtng bills from the House were sev-
erally carried through their different stages, and
passed:
The bill for the relief of James Baldridgc;
The bill for the relief of the Lexington and
Ohio Railroad Company;
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Jacob Shoemaker, deceased;
The bill to retVair and extend the United States
arsenal at Charleston, South Carolina;
The bill to renew the gold medal, struck and
presented to General Morgan by order of Con-
gress, in honor of the battle of the Cowpens; and
The bill for the relief of the sureties of Nich-
olas Cum.
. The Senate here took a recess from three to
five o'clock.
.EVENING SESSION.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelsov, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of War, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate in relation to frauds in. Indian reserva-
tions; which was laid on the table.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
War Department on the subject of ordnance,
made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affair , to which had been referred the bill making
appropriations for carrying into  effect certain
•  Indian treaties  reported the same with amend-
ments; which Were read.
■ The Bill Was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and the amendments of the com-
mittee were concurred in, and the bill ml ordered
(oftlhird reading; «fid after being engrossed, was
read tfie third lime and passed.
PA* by.lfFVEm/E OFFICERS.
. On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the bill to regulate
■the pay Of the officers of the revenue cutters was
token up; and after beingamended, was ordered
to a third reading; and afterwards read the third
time and passed.
"   DCLAvtARS BREAKWATER.
On motion of Mr. 0AVI9, the bill making
additional apptopnátíonsfor the Delaware break-
water, and for the improvement of certain har-
bors, was taken up.
Mr. MANGUM addressed the Senate at length
in opposition to the bill.
Mr. BUCHANAN replied in support of It.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
LINN, DAVIS, WEBSTER,and SOUTHARD,
in its favor, and Messrs. WALKER, PRES-
TON, MOORE, and CALHOUN, in opposition
to it. The amendments were ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 1, 1836.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported Senate bill for the
relief of George F. Strother, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass; which was committed.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the following resolution!
Rrto/ieJ, That the Committee on Indian Aftair  have
poner to ¡.it m the reces  of Congress, fbr the purpose of
completins the investigation directed by the resolution of
this House of the 15th of January last; aad that any two or
more of them, under the direction of the comtDittee, be
authorized to take testimony in relation to the same.
Mr. B. said the resolution was the unanimous
recommendation of the committee.
Mr. MANN, of New York, hoped the resolu-
tion would not be adopted. Experience had
shown the inutility of these investigations by
committees during the recess of Congress; be-
sides, they subjected the country to considerable
expense. He was utterly opposed to the adop-
tion of the resolution; and therefore called for the
yeas and nays on its adoption; which were or-
dered.
Mr. McCARTY said a few words in support
of the resolution, and of the expediency and pro-
priety of the proposed investigation
Mr. HE1STER moved to lay thi
on the table.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, asked for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and th,e
House refused to lay the resolution on the table
—yeas 69, nays 84.
Mr. BELL remarked that the object of the
resolution was to authorize two or three mem-
bers of the committee to take the testimony dur-
ing the recess, and not that the whole committee
should regularly hold their sittings.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved a modifica-
tion to that effect.
Mr. EVERETT pwftrred  the resolution as
, orginally introduced.
Mr. HAWESdemanded the previous question;
I which was seconded—65 to 55-, and the main Ques-
tion being ordered, was put; and tfie vote was—
yeas 87, rmys 87.
The CHAIR voting in the negative, made 87
to 88; so the resolution was not agreed to.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. LOYAL, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, reported the following resolution; which
was considered and agreed to:
Raolced, That the Clerk of the House cause to be dis-
tributed to each member of the Scaate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the present Congress, three volumes of the
Digest of Commercial Regulanons of Foreign Countries,
arranged by the Secretary of the Treasury under a resolu-
tion /the House of the 3d March, 1831.
lay the  resolution
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a .peneior) to
Richard Hall; which was read twice and éoñimit-
ted.
Mr. CHAPMAN,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported, without amendment, 8enate
bill to create a new land district jn the State of
Alabama; which was committed.
Mr. CRANE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for thevelief of
the children and heirs of Lieutenant Colonel
Henry Irwin, deceased; which was rend twice
and committed.
Mr. VINTON, from the «elect committee on
patent , reported a bill to renew the patent right
of William Perkins; whieh was read twiee and
committed.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the Matnwee
Branch Railroad Company to construotarttilroajd
through the public lands in the Territory of
Michigan: whieh was read twice and committed.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Bradby True Gibson; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported Senate bill, without amend-
ment, providing for the construction of a build-
ing for the Patent Office; which was committed.
Mr. J., from the same committee, also reported
a joint resolution from the Senate, without
amendment, providing statues for the front step 
of the Capitol; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. DOUBLEDAY, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to Robert Frazer; which was read twic< and
committed.
Mr. P1NCKNEY asked the consent of the
House to introduce the following joint resolu-
tion:
JteMfcfcl ly the Senate and Home of Reptmlenttiitée+f
the United Statet of America in Congrese attembled, That
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and lie. is hereby, author-
ized to pay to the child or children of James Kennedy, who
was kiHed in the service of the United States on the 10th
of March last, the half monthly pay to which tbey would
have been entitled, under the pravianas oí the act of 19th
March, 1836, entitled " An act to provide for the payment
or volunteer and mititia corps in the service of the United
States," if the said James Kennedy had been kilted subse-
quently to the passage of the aforesaid act.
The motion was objected to.
Mr. McKAY asked the consent of the Housfe
to take tip the bill providing for the appointment
of three additional paymasters; which was ob-
jected to.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, suggested that there
would be a great saving of time if the Hottse
wonld go on regularly.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, Senate bill
for the relief of H. Newman and others; which
was Tend tfie third time and passed.
Mr. CUSHÍNG, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
AHen Smithy which was read twice and commit-
ted.
CREEK FRAUDS.
&|r. ££\VIS said he held in his hand a, mogf.
novel and interesting document from the scene, of
the Creek war. He said it was of an interesting
and important character, and he must ask the
reading of the document, as it was but jjhort. It
was his intention to introduce a resolution predi-
cated on the memorial, on which no debate could
arise, and which could be disposed of in a few
minutes.
The memorial having been read by the Clerk,
_ Mi% LEWIS said he had given to the content 
of this paper the best consideration the little time
allowed would permit, and he proposed the fol-
lowing resolution;        ,.    -, ,.
RetolveA, That the memorial of certain citizens of Ala-
bama and Georgia, rei-pecting alleged frauds in thopurclj|as'e
of the reservations of the Creek Indians, arrd the eamA
of their present boitUitiesy an referred to th« President of
the United States, and that he ho requested to cause such
meksure* to be taken fbr investigating these transactions,
and (bt the prosecution of the persons engaged itt them,
who may have been gmlty of any benches of the laws, as
may appear to be proper, and within the power of the
Executive.
Mr. GnANTLANrJvtts of opinion that there
ought to be a most thorough ana efficient ¡nvesti-
fation into this subject. He believed there Jiad
een frauds, and that those frauds had been the
cause of the Creek war.
Mr. WISE objected to the- resolution because
it referred the matter to the President of the
"United States, and he could put ho confidence it 
any agents he might send out there, who might
be the minions themselves engaged in the'frauds.
:He suggested a modification, that a committee be
raised for the purpose, and subsequently moved
to amend it by referring the memorial to a select
committee of thie House, consisting of——J mem-
bers, with power to send for persons and paper ,
and that they have leave to sit during the reces .
Mr. BELL stated that thi  was one of tbo ob-
ject -of the Committee on Indian Affair  that
morning, when their proposition was voted down.
Mr. WISE modified his amencUaimtby rt«r-
r+ng it te> the-ComWitiee on India* AMUinu-'
