y
610
^r^rt^r
TH$ CJONORESSIONAI, íQD0p$r.
July 2,
Rrtelí ti Thtt «aid committee embrace in their inquines
mrv connection tu ttrecn denoiit bank , or others, and tlie
h  I oliicc,  >r Hie i nt > "•«* <« «peculation
l>r.n   e     riist —ii ¡í i mini rte.  inqu re how fir, and to
mli\m  1 ' S> 'i't>'   i ,n I"1'1'1    ,'lnii'"  tl,c *po-it banks
Imm i-.-i' l<   rulinu  >l(lui>-it without hi ictiul ckpo-it
in i KM mii 'o nil-it t \ttnt II n IiiuIhi ¡i received m piv
u iu i"t iiurcluat  ui  imjiii. lands M tin. several load
°ft                                                                          *          .
¡¡ffr,i,^,l  Th it «ml committee n quire now ror, «nil to
„    ,     \ <   i  i    nl ii in >n- i i tin  pun luc-e ot the public
umI* Ikh ■ hvt i tdrnn.il, or ire tomón?. mflleUniuv -tronj,
I     ,, i     m       !l lll>l         tOlOU I >l  W   lll\ tXKllttlll 1  gis
M       i t   n >t ( on;' v>
Mr. HUNT addressed the House at some
length in siipiori ol the resolutions.
Mr L YÍNL said tin- House cannot have for-
50  111 t'u
piinful suffeungs ot yesterday, the
linn* cessary and wanton sacrifice of the time of
the House and ot the public business, occasioned
b\ a similar h solution rtported by the chauman
ot ti  Committee on Indien \flMrs, [M1. Bell,]
which, and iho motion akin to it, occupied tlie
House from ten o'clock in the morning until
,itt, r nine o'eloek in the evening, in idle, angry,
and useless debate, after which those honorable
and patriotic gentlemen, who have sacrificed so
lar^c a portion oí the time of the session, by cry-
ing Jraud and corruption, until those terms have
become as i-vmiliar to the cars of oJiers as they
appear to have been to themselves, retiitdets uiitai,
liiviu£ the few, very few, to sit until after one
0  clock in tne morning, in ord< r to accomplish
that which ougnt to have been done within the
usual hours ot legislation.
Mr L said, before he submitted tlie motion
he had nson to make, he owed it to himself to
«i\ , that he was not engaged in any land spec-
iihuons, cither as an individual, or as the agent
01   member of any company, that he was not ni-
di otcd to any bank in or out of the Distnct of
Columbia, on the contrary, the indebtedness'*as
on the other side.
Mr L concluded by moving to lay the report
and resolutions on the table, and that they be
printed.
Mr. HUNT asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordt red
Mr ADAMS called for a division of the ques-
tion
The question was first taken on laying on the
table; and decided in the affiimative—99 to 70,
and the motion to print was agreed to without a
division.
OTHER REPORTS.
Mr UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the childien of Hoiace Cooper; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. WISE, from the select committee on the
subject, reported a bill for tlie relief of die heirs
of GeueralThomas Nelson, which was read twice
and committed.
Vauous standing committees were discharged
from the further consideration of the unfinished
business befoic them
Mr CAMBRELENG called for the orders of
he ui) , and, on motion of Mr  McKENNAN,
l House resolved ltstlfinto the Committee of the
hoie on the stale of the Union, (Mr. Mason,
of Virginia, in the chau.)
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mi GRAVES moved that the committee take
üp the bill to authoii7p the purchase of private
stock, on the pan of the United States, in the
Loui^vil! and Portland canal, which was lost—
ayes 53, noes 73
Mr Ct. made several other attempts to get up
this bill, but the vote was. alwaj s against its con-
3 ilt ration.
REORGANIZATION OP THE GENERAL LAN]>
OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. KENNON, the committee
took up («em. con.) the bill to reorganize the Gen-
eral Land Office.
The btil having been read, the committee took
vip the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Public Lands
Mt4 K. hoped the committee would not concur
in -any of the amendments, but agree to the bill
aa it «ame from the Senate.
On this considerable discussion arose, in which
ft
Messrs. LINCOLN, WILLIAMS of North,
Carolina, VINTON, JOHNSON of Tennessee,
CH VPM \N, JOHN SON of Louisiana, h\ O'S ,
GRENNELL, JVRVlb, WHITTLESEY ot
Ohio, PARKER, BOO\, and KE>iNOrs, took
part, win n all tlie amendments of the committee
vveie 1 onou.ru d pi
Mr KENNOX offered an amendment to the
bill, adding t\v nty additional cleiks at a salaiy
of$l,Q00tich. Mr K explained thatthisamend-
mi nt was contained in the Senate's bill, but was
left out in the eugrossmtnt by mistake.
The ami ndment was then agreed to
Mr LINCOLN moved to strike out the pro-
viso in the fourth section, which vvas agreed to.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee, ofTeied an
amendment as a substitute for section nine, a sec-
tion providing that the commissioner should have
a stated number of clerks, to be appointed only
for two years. He stated his object to be to have
all the work of the office now lying behind bi ought
up, and then leave it for Congiess to fix the num-
ber necessaiy to be employed hereafter.
After some remarks by Messrs WHITTLE-
SEY of Ohio, BOON,' J\RVIS, VINTON,
WILLIAMS of North Carolina, and PARKER,
The amendment of Mr. JOHNSON -was re-
jected
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, offered asan
additional section that the offices should be kept
open ten hours a dav in the summer season, and
eight hours in the winter; which was agreed to
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered an amendment
placing restrictions upon registers of land offices;
which was agieed to.
Mr. HAWES submitted an amendment pro-
hibiting officers of the General Land Office from
purchasing public lands; which was agreed to.
Mr.  JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved   an
amendment providing that the thirty-live clerks
provided foi by the bill at a salary of $1,000,
should not be appointed for a longer term than
tw o years, which was lost.
I     Mr J then offeied an amendment for the pur-
pose of increasing the pay of the clerks in the
War Department
l     After a few remark? bv Messrs. VINTON,
I CAMBRELENG, and JOHNSON, the amend-
ment was refected.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee then took up the bill in addition
to the act making appropriations for the support
of Government for the year J836.
Some of the amendments submitted by Mr. j
Cambrelevg, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, were concurred in; when
The House, took the usual recese, from half 1
past two to four o'clock.                                             '
E\ ENtNG SESSION.                           '
The House, by general consent, took, up the
bill for the relief of Stockton & Stokes and Daniel
Moore.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
to the said bill was concuiied in, and tlie bill was
read a thud time, and passed.
,                   HARBOR  VND RIVER BILL.                   ]
The House then took up the bill making appro-
priations for certain harbors
The several amendments of the Senate, pro-
posing reductions, were concurred in.
j     The question then íecurred on the amendment
I proposing to insert the clause struck out by the
House, making an appropriation of $30,000 for ,
surveys                                                                        I
Mr SMITH called for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment; which weie or-
dered; and were—yeas 7lJ nays 64.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the Secretary of the Treasury,
showing the amount of duties on merchandise
during the year 1834, and a communication from
the same, transmitting a statement from the Re-
ftster of the Treasury', showing the amount of
tmes paid, and drawbacks payable, on several
articles imported into, and íeexported from, the
United States in 1832, 1833, and 1834, and both
of which were laid on the. table, and ordered to
be printed
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
Mi. SMITH, fiom the Committee of Way?
and Means, icpoited, without amendment, the
Senate supplementary bill legulatmg the deposits
of Uk public money, which wat, oidcied to lie
OVel
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House went into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr Mason in
the chan,) and resumed the consideiation of the
bill in addition to an act making appi opi íations for
the support of Government for the year 1836.
Various amendments submitted by Mr. Cam-
brbleno were agreed to.
Mi JARV1S moved an additional clause, ex-
tending the Capitol square westward to the first
street, including the. botanic garden, (so called.)
Mr. P\RKS briefly advocated the motion
Mi WARD said he concuired in opinion with
the gentleman from Minie, [Mr Parks,] as to
the propriety of extending the public grounds on
the west of the Capitol as far as First street, and
he hoped the proposed amendment would prevail.
The public squaie will be much mipioved in
appearance, and will be more in keeping with the
splendid Capitol; for the public grounds on the
west are too limited for a building covering neaily
two acres of ground In point of economy, (he
said,) it was desirable, because it is now pro-
posed to erect an iron fence around the botanic
garden, which will cost, at least, thirty or fotty
thousand dollars, and next year there will doubt-
less be an application foi making an non fence on
the triangular lots which lie to the north of Penn-
sylvania avenue, and south of Maryland avenue.
If the grounds are extended to Fust street, as
proposed, they will be handsomely laid out in
walks, and planted with trees and shrubbery,
and will, moicover, allow sufficient space for the
fountain, or a jet d'eau, to be elected, five thou-
sand dollars being appropriated in this bill for
that object.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. MANN offeied an amendment authorizing
the-President of the United States to contract for
the construction of a building for the Treasury
Depaitment of the United States.
Mr. TALIAFERRO offered an amendment to-
the amendment to provide for the erection of a
fire-proof building for the Patent Office
Aftei some remarks by Messrs VINTON, A.
H. SHEPPERD, TALIAFERRO, and JAR-
VIS, the amendment was agreed to, and the
amendment, as amended, was also agreed to.
Mr. GRAVES offered an amendment to pro-
vide for the purchase of the stock of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal; which Was lost—ayes
50, noes 72
Mr. DUNLAP offered an amendment appio-
priating ft5,000 for the erection of a marine hos-
pital atMemphis, Tennessee.
Mr. D saia that the amendment he offered was
one of necessity, that every State west of the
mountains vvas more interested than the State he
had the honor in part to represent, but his imme-
diate constituents in the town where the hospital
was intended to be erected were dnectly interested
as individuals. They had to pay annually moie
than two thousand dollars 111 private contubu-
tions for the support of such persons as were put
on shore at this town sick, and unable to pay
anything for their suppoi t and protection. This
burden I ask the House to relieve my constituents
from. They have less interest in the hospital than
any other portion of the community, except the
town of Memphis. When the citizens of my dis-
trict get so near home as Memphis, tbeir friends
will come and take care of them.
Mi. Chairman, (said Mr. D.,) 1 now hold in my
hand the list of the steamboats engaged in the
navigation of the Mississippi river The number
of tlie boats will give the House some idea of the
number of peisons engaged in the navigation of
said river But, sir, there is another meritorious
class of our citizens engaged 111 the navigation of
the Mississippi nver; th*>y are persons who take
their surplus produce to the southern market in
