1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6L1
flat-boats, and return home on the steamboats.  '
Sir, the persons who are en<ra?ed in the naviga- '
tion of the Mississippi river are compelled to go
«o market in that st uson of the year that they are
suoi'V to all the diseases incident to the southern
climate.
Mi. Chaum-in, (said Mr. D.,) Memphis is sit-
uated he'uecn three and four davs' travel above
N< \\ OiLau«. and those whocontract the disease
of cholera, vellow fever, or small-pox, by the
time tin y arrive at Memphis, the disease makes
it"  appearance, and the captains of the boats
leavi liie persons thus diseased lying on the banks
of the river, without any place tógo to. No public
house will take them in; and the private families
do not wish to take persons among their families
with contactou* diseases, ai d the persons are left
to lie on the wharf and die, or are placed at the
charity of the citizens. Sir, if there is one man
on this floor who will rise in his place and say
an hospital is not necessary at Memphis, I will
not press mv amendment. I cannot* believe that
any represéntatee of the American people will
refuse to appropriate money sufficient to build a
house for the reception of the sick and disabled
American citizens who are engaged in the navi-
gation of the western rivers.
Mr. STORER offered a substitute for the
amendment appropriating $5,000 for the purpose
of makin? examinations and purchase of suitable
■ties for hospitals on the western waters.
Mr. PEAKOE, of Rhode Island, opposed the
adoption of the amendment, on the ground that
the House was not in possession of the informa-
tion necessary to justify the appropriation at this
time.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, said that he
knew it was unpopular to rise and speak at this
late hour of the session. His excuse for it was
the situation of the working class of men on the
western waters. It was for them, and not for
himself, that he exposed himself on this occasion
to the censure of the committee. The gentleman
from Rhode Island (Mr. P«arce] said, we must
wait. Mr. R. said he would have no objection
to wait if sickness and death to the sailors on the
western waters would also wait. He said ha had
brought the subject before the House and Com-
mittee on Commerce the session before the last,
but nothing was done. The gentleman from
Rhode Island does not know the situation of the
working men on our rivers, or he would not
urge a continuance of this subject. They are
not like the gentlemen, living at their ease, with
physicians and all the comforts and luxuries
attending them. They walked not on carpets in
navigating their vessels. They needed legislation,
and he hoped they would receive it.
Mr. R. concluded by observing, that nothing
was demanded but a preparatory step to purchase
sites and report to th* next Congress.
The substitute and the amendment were both
rejected.
Mr. HAWES offered an amendment appro-
priating $300 for the printing of the report in re-
lation to the West Point Academy; which was ,
lost.                                                                             |
Mr. LOVE offered an amendment for the erec- |
tion of an hospital on some point on Lake Erie;
which was lost.
Various other amendments were offered to the
bijl and acted on by the committee.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
PATENT LAWS.
The committee then took up the bill to promote
the progress of the useful arts, and to repeal all
acts or parts of acts heretofore made for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HAWES offered an amendment reducing
the salary of the Commissioner of the Patent
Office to $2,000.
After a few remarks by Messrs. WILLIAMS
of North Carolina, VINTON, REED, JOHN,
SON of Tennessee, PARKS, and HARPER -
thé question was taken; and the vote was—yeas-
35, nays 55; no quorum.
The committee then rose and reported that fact
. to the1 House.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
My. DROMGOOLE moved a caH of the House;
which was ordered and proceeded in for some
time, when its furtherproceedings were dispensed
with, and the House a^ain went into committee.
The question being taken on the amendment,
no quorum again voted, the tellers reporting first
23 to 76, and'then 32 to 77.
Mr. CAMBRELENQ said he hoped the com-
mittee would rise, and that there be a call of the
House, so that it might be seen who were absent
on so important an occasion as the present.
The committee then rose again for want of a
quorum.
Mr. McKAY moved a call of the House.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, asked for the
yeas and nays, by the taking of which, he said,
it could be ascertained if a quorum were present
or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were—•
119 to 35.   So a call of the House was ordered.
TEXAS.
Mr. MASON gave notice, that as soon as the
business before the Committee of the Whole
could be disposed of, he would ask the consent
of the House to make a report from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs in relation to Texas. He
moved that the further proceedings, of the call be
dispensed with; which was agreed to.
The House then went again into committee,
and Mr. Cambreleng moved that the committee
rise and report some of the bills to the House;
which was agreed to; and the committee rose and
reported.
Mr. ADAMS raised the point of order, that
the chairman of the committee ought not to have
reported any of these bills, notwithstanding the
vote of the committee, on the ground that any
one bill was open to amendment until they were
all gone through. He addressed the House at
some length on the point. Mr. A. then moved
to recommit the bills; which was lost.
REORGANIZATION  OF THE   GENERAL  LAND
OFFICE.
The House took up the bill to reorganize the
General Land Office.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were all severally concurred in; and the
bill having been engrossed, was read the third
tune, and passed.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then took up the bill in addition to
the act making appropriations for the support of
Government for the year 1836.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
were severally concurred in.
Mr. DUNLAP then renewed his amendment
to appropriate f 5,000 for ihe erection of a marine
hospital at Memphis, Tennessee.
After a few remarks by Mr. DUNLAP, Mr.
HOWARD moved the previous question, which |
was seconded by the House, and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
The bill having been ordered to be engrossed,
was read the third time; and the question being
on its passage,
Mr. PATTON moved to recommit it to the
Committee of the Whole, with instructions to
strike out the clause appropriating the compen-
sation to the Senators and Representatives from
11 Michigan.                                                '                   i
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved the previ-
ous question; which was seconded by the House
—ayes 77, noes 52.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays on ordering the main question;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 94, nays 73.
The bill was then passed.
PATENT LAWS—AGAIN.                     I
The House again went into Committee of, the
Whole on the bill to promote the progress of use-
ful arts, &c.                                                                 I
The amendment pending was, the motion of,
Mr. Hawes to reduce the saíary of the Commis-
sioner of the Patent Office to #2,000.                        |
The question being taken, it was decided in the |
aegattre-*ayes 28, noes 93.                                      I
Mr. HAWES moved to reduce the salary of,
the chief clerk to #L50Q; which was lost.              j
Various other amendments were submitted by
Messrs. HAWES, ADAMS, GRAVES, and
HOWARD; all of which were rejected.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House.
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved that the
committee take up the bill providing for the ap-
pointment of three additional paymasters in the
army; which was agreed to—ayes' 88, noos not
counted.
The committee then took up said bill.
Various amendments were submittedby Messrs.
McKAY and KINNARD; which were acted on.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill; which
was lost.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House.
JUDICIARY SYSTEM.
On motion of Mr, THOMAS, the committee
then took up the bill entitled " An act supple-
mentary to the act entitled an act to amend the
judicial system of the United States."
There were several amendments proposed to
this bill by the Committee on the Judiciary.
After a few remarks by Mr. THOMAS,
!     Mr. EVERETT moved to lay the bill aside.
After some further remarks by Messrs. GAR-
LAND of Louisiana, GARLAND of Virgina,
UNDERWOOD, MARTIN, BELL, ROBERT-
SON, JOHNSON of Louisiana, SUTHER-
LAND, JOHNSON of Kentucky, EVERETT,
and RIPLEY, the motion to lay the bill aside
prevailed.
DUTY ON WINES.
The committee then took up Senate bjll enti-
tled " An act to suspend the discriminating duties
upon goods imported in vessels of Portugal, and
to reduce the duties on wines."
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee Oh
Foreign Affairs, submitted sundry amendments;
wliich were agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a proviso, that
the benefits of this act should not extend to any
wines entitled to debenture; which was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
i                           GENERAL RIPLEY.
The committee unanimously took "P the °iH
granting a pension to General Eleazer W. Ripley.
The bill was read and conside ed, and ordered
to be reported to the House, n^m. ¿is.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
rose and reported the foregoing bills and amend-
ments to the House.
PATENT LAWS—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
House took up the bill en titled " A n act to promote
the progress of the useful arts;" and to repeal all
acts and part of acts heretofore made for that pur-
pose.                                                              .   •
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, moved tq.lay
the bill on the tabte; which was lost.
Mr. TALIAFERRO moved to recohtidérine
vote by which this bill was ordered to a third
reading; "which was lost.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS—AGAIN.    ^
The House then took up the bill to appomt
three additional paymasters in the Army of fte
United States.                                          ,    ,     ^
Mr. WILLIAMS, of-Kentucky, moved tp lay
the bill on the table -t jtf  jeb «raj lost.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were concurred in; and the amendments
having been ordered to be engrossed, the bill was
read a third time and passed.
DUTY ON WINES—AGAIN.
The House then took up the bill to suspend
the discriminating duties on eoods imported in
vessels of Portugal, and to reduce the duties on
WThe' amendments were all ~"™?.«¿£?*
having been ordered to be engrossed, the MI was
read a third time and passed.
GENERAL RIPLEY—AGAIN.
The House then took.up the bill granting a
