61*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
Jyúy^,
p*nsiont<  Qem+aJ E!e*«erW. Ripley; which «H
read a third time and passed.
HARBOR AND RIVER BILL.
The House took up the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill making appropriations for certain
harbors for the year 1836.
Mr. PATTON «w ed to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky .called for the
yoas and nays, which were ordered; and were—
yeas 04, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Mewrs. Beale, Beaumont, Belt, Bond, Dovltfin,
John Oalaoon, I'ambrejoiig, Casey, Chapman, John f. II.
Claiborne, ClevpHiid, Call's, Craig, Crane, Kor*-tPr, Frv,
James Garland, Graves Hale>, Joseph HnH, Ilihunl Hall,
Hawo, Hawkins, Havnss. Henderson, llopkin*, Hulilev,
Jams Jo^n W Jone-, Luke Loa, Lewis, Logan, Loyatt,
Lucas, Abijan Mann. Job Mann, Marun, John Y. Mason,
Mi'Kn. McLene. Montcomerj, Moms PatMn, Pinokney,
Rencbcr, Ro'jertsoi, Rogers, Ausustine II 3hepin*rt,
Stamieier, L'iiU«woo8, VVagener, Webster, White, Slier-
rod William , ami Wise—jt.
N*Y*S—Mesar*. Adams, Heman Allen, Art), Ashley,
Baiter. Barton,Boeltee, Bordea, Boyd, Bucos, Bum , Wil-
liam ll.C'ailioun, Jolan (Jhambers,Cuapin,L'or\viu,Crainer,
Cashing, Cueliiiiaii, Darlington, Demi), Dickcron, Douhle-
daj, E\nn<, Farlm, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Rice
Garland. Gillet, Granger.Grennell. Hamer, Hard, Harper,
Albert G. Harrison, Hazelunr, Hetster, Haw, Howard,
Huntington, Insersoll, ingliaua, Jabcz JacH^on, Jane ,
Richanl M. Johnson, Henry Johnson, Jud.-onT Kileore.
Kmnard, Lane, Landing, Lawrence, Lav, Tlionia' Lee,
Lincoln, Lore, William Masoti.fampson Mason, McCartA,
Mc Ken nan, McKeon, MCKim, Miller, Nilligan, Moore,
Mubleaberg, Patterson, thitee J. Poarce, iaan*A. Pearee.
Pettigrew, PliiTfips Kee.l, Ripley, Rossetl, ScUenck, Slnnn,
Sickle , Smith, i*p- n«lrr. Sprain", Siorer, FHtlwrlaml.
Thomas. John Thomson. Toucfv. Tamil, Vinion, Watd
woH, Washington, Elista Wh*ttleseyx and Thomas T.
Whittlesey—91.
So the motion to lay on the table was negatived.
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved the previous
question; which was seconded by the House—
ayes 88, noes 33.
The main question was ordered; and the
amendments were concurred in.
DEPOSIT BILL.
The House then took up the supplemental de-
posit bill from the Senate.
Mr. RENCHER submitted an amendment pro-
Tiding for the disposition of the United. States
bank Btock owned by the United States, in case
it should be received before the distribution bill
came into operation, (viz: that its proceeds should
be added to the amount to be distributed,) and
asked for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
Mr. McKIM moved the previous question; but
the House refused to second the motion, only 54
Toting1 irt the affirmative.
Mr. WISE then addressed the House on «he
principles of the onginalbill; and, after a few
words in explanation from Mr. PATTON,
Mr. MANN moved to Jay the billon the table;
which was lost.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; which, was decided in the negative—yeas
BO, nays 76.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill having been ordered to a third reading,
vas read the third time and passed.
PENSION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY.the House
taekut> the amendments of the Senate to the bill
entitled " Aji act*ranting half-pay to widows and
orphans where fjieir husbands and fathers ^ave
died, or shall hereafter die; of wounds received
In the military service of the United States, in
certain cases.              _                                 ___
After a few remarks bf Messrs. WHITTLE-
SEY and UNDER WOOD, the amendments of
the Senate were concurred in.
LAND CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, «f Louisiana,
the House took up the bill from the Senate con-
firming claims to lands in Louisiana.
The bill lies on its third reading.
Mr. WNCKNEY moved to lay it on tfie table;
■wfScft was lost—ayes 38, noes 87.
The bill was then read the third time and
passed.
CHICKASAW SCHOOL LANDS, ETC.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, said that
it was now near daylight, and he had been
patiently waiting from ten «fr'clock en the pre-
vious rooming' for «n opportunity of moving to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the bill from the Senate to carry
into effect the compact with the States of Alá-
ama and Mississippi, in repartí to the sixteenth
sections and five per cent. fund.
He was wearied with these repeated prolonged
sittings, these midnight vigils, but could not ne-
glect a bill which, though local in its character,
was of absorbing interest to his constituents. He
was aware of the competition for the floor—of the
deep anxiety of almost every gentleman to call
up some favorite measure; he knew that there
were bills upon the Calendar of more national im-
portance; but stilt he would throw himself upon
the indulgence of his friends around him, on all
sides and in all parties of the House, and ask for
the immediate commitment and consideration of
tkit bill  He would move to give it precedence
over all others. He had not heretofore been
troublesome, importunate, or officious: he had
proposed no partisan measures—mude no super-
fluous requests. The youngest member in the
House of Representatives, he felt, from the day
on which he took his seat, that he had much to
learn from the wisdom of the distinguished men
around him—much to ask and expect from their
liberality and kindness. He hod experienced
frequent instances of this from the committee,
which had already voted him, without opposi-
tion, handsome appropriations for the benefit of
his State. And He now asked, asa personal favor
to himself, and to his respected colleague, [Mr.
Dickson,] absent from indisposition—he asked it
as due to the people of Mississippi, and more
particularly to his enterprising and intelligent
constituents residing in the Chickasaw cession—
he asked it in behalf of the great cause of letters
and internal improvement, which will bo essen-
tially advanced, that the House do agree, in these
expiiing moments of its protracted session, to go
into committee on this bill. It would occupy but
a short time; it had passed the severe ordeal of
the Senate unscathed; and if opposed here—if any
gentleman desired explanations or arguments, he
I was prepared to plant his feet upon the compact,
and xipon the celebrated ordinance of 1785, and
defend the bill, in all its features, as long as his
almost exhausted physical powers would endure.
On motion of Mr. C., the House went into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and took up the bill indicated by him, the title of
which was as follows:
An act to carry inlo effect, in the States of Alabama and
Mississippi, the existing compact witlun those Stairs ia
regard lo tire five per cent-Jfund and the*cliool reserva-
tions.
[This bill is peculiarly interesting to the people
of Mississippi. It makes an appropriation out
of the Treasury of an amount equal to five per
cent, on the net proceeds of the sales of the Chick-
asaw lands, probably $30,000, and authorizes the
State to locate other lands in half or quarter sec-
tions, or eighths, in lieu of the sixteenth sections
i neglected to be secured by the provisions of the
treaty; and the land thus located is for the use of
schools in the twelve counties recently organized
in the Chickasaw cession. Alabama is alike
interested, but in a smaller degree.]
The bill was read, considered, and ordered to
be reported without amendment.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The committee then took up the bill confirming
claims to lands in the State of Missouri, and for
other purposes.
After some explanations by Messrs. HARRI-
SON of Missouri, and UNDERWOOD, the
amendment of the standing committee was con-
curred in.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
CONVENTION WITH SPAIN-
The committee then took up the Bill givi g
effect to the eighth article of the treaty of 1819
with Spain.
Mr. HOWARD moved to lay the bill aside;
which was agreed to.
THE JUDICIAL fl¥BTEM.
Mr. RIPLEY moved that the committee take
up the bill entitled "An act supplementary to the
act entitled an act to amend the judicial system
of the United States*"
On taking the question twice, the tellers first
reported—ayes 71, noes 44; second—ayes 72,
noes 36; no quorum.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the committee
rise, and report that fact to the House.
The CHAIR then rose, and was proceeding to
count the House, when
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, rose and
called the Chair to order.
The CHAIR desired the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to take his seat.
Mr. Wl LLIAMS. I shall not take my seat—
you take yours. [Loud cries of'' Order!" " Or-
der!" from every pert of the Hall.]
The CHAIR. Thegentleman from Kentucky
is called to order!
Mr. WILLIAMS.    I call you to order.
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky
will be pleased to take his seat.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall not take my seat i
You take yours; I call you to order !
The Speaker here appeared, and resumed the
chair; when
Mr. SUTHERLAND reported that, while in
Committee of the Whole House, Mr. Williams,
of Kentucky, a member of the Committee of the
Whole House, addressed the Chairman whilst he
was counting the members for the purpose of
ascertaining whether a quorum was present, and
was called to order by the Chairman and requested
to take his seat; this he positively and repeatedly
refused to do, and called the Chairman to order,
and demanded of him to take his seat. And Mr.
Williams persisting in his refusal to submit to
the authority of the Chair, the Chairman loft the
chair, and now reports the facts which had in-
duced the committee to rise, to the Speaker, and,
through him, to the House.
The SPEAKER decided the gentleman from
Kentucky to be out of order.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the House adjourn;
which was lost without a count.
Mr. VINTON then, by consent, moved that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn U> meet on
Monday morning at eight o'clock; which wai
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS then rose and said that, like
all other men, he was somewhat impulsive when
lie found his rights trampled upon, but he wished
the House distinctly to understand that what be
had done was not out of contempt or disrespect
to the House. The fact was that, but a few
moments before, he had called for a division of the
question, and the individual occupying the chair
had refused to listen to his motion. He himself
had passed it over then, though one of his col-
leagues liad come to him and endeavored to dis-
suade him from doing so. On what he considered
a repetition of the insult, he called the Chair to
order. He would now state distinctly, that he
intended no disrespect to the House, but he did
intend to offer an indignity to the man who occu-
pied the chair.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Then I will not lake
the chair again.
The SPEAKER. The chairman will resume
the chair.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. After what has fallen
from the member, I will not take the chair.
Mr. EVER.ETT moved that the House adjourn,
which was lost without a division.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had hoped that,
on the temporary rising of the committee, this
question would nave been settled without any
difficulty, and he still hoped so. It was a novel
case, and it was forthe House, under the circum-
stances, to take its own course. He again re-
quested the chairman to resume the chair.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said he must decline.
Mr. LEWIS remarked that a great deal was
due to temperance on this occasion. The fact
was, that the House had had, for several days
past, most protracted sessions, and the great in-
terest feft by particular members for particular
measures might have prompted the chairman to
nave done more for the dispatch of business than
was perhaps strictly regular, though without in-
tending it. He, himself, had no doubt that the
gentleman from Kentucky labored under the im-
pression that an indignity was offered to him,
though he was quite confident that none was in-
tended.   It was, perhaps, an innocent «oisunder-
