s
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
24th Cove... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of R
EPS.
•ahole country. When the present system of i
J,',- ,,,<> w«s projected, I undt rstand, the Board
 f Fiuon > r* eontenip'ated tin i vt ntual cons'ruc-
uon of [He-.e moMiis battem -. a« a pait of their
pin TIu _Teat unprovi nit ntswhi'-h hav. sime
nkeu p!.*ueii '1 tint ri.aus to tin application
ol" fit- pou' - of s't am.fui nish addition tl monies
for r>ro\ iii.n? l'ie-si' room rati\ e d< lenses Alter-
nad v prou^'n.-,' and protect  d by the fixed bat-
teries tneso niov file oms wid be found to be of .
the In? i« st importance. In fact, with an adequate |
force of (His description stationed in the vicinity
of our permanent military w orks, and enabled to
take refuse undtr tin ir co\ er whoneverneeesaary,
a hostile fleet would scarcely venture to pass the
position, and thereby expose itself to the hazard
of annovance in detail, and of being captured and
destroyed,\vhene\era calm,a change of  ind,or
any other of the many accidents to which a mar-
itime force is liable, might furnish a favorable
opportunity for the action of the steam batterus
Our A'Umic frontier wtH not be propt rly sei ured
till this means of efficient cooperation in its de-
fense is introduced.
In mjr last annual report 1 communicated the
facta which appeared to render it proper that the
operations upon tw o of the most important works,
lort Calhoun and the Delaware Breakwater,
should be temporarily suspended. Experiments
have been made to test the effects and probable
extent of the causes which were in operation, and
-which threatened to injure, if not destroy, the
utility of these works. It is believed that the
depression of the foundation of Fort Calhoun is
so nearly checked, that further danger is not to be
apprehended-, but, as will be seen by the report
of the Quartermaster General, the experiments
at the Breakwater have not been so decisive as to
settle the question connected with that woik and
it has been thought beat to ask of Congress an
appropriation only for (100,000, which, under any
probable circumstances, can be judiciously ex-
pended. It is to be hoped that the experimenta
which will be continued, and the scientific exam-
ination it is proposed to make next season, will
furnish data for a just conclusion on the subject
of this important structure, and indicate either
that the causes which have threatened to injure
it  utility hove produced their full effect, or that
they may be counteracted by some change in the
anginal plan. This artificial harbor is too valua-
ble to an extensive commerce peculiarly exposed
not to engage ev ery effort in completing U and
preserving it from destruction.
The report of the Visitors appointed to inspect
t^e Military Academy, and the documents trans-
mitted by tliem, are submitted for your consider-
ation, together with the suggestions they have
made, and which are calculated in their opinion to
promote the efucieacy of that institution.   These
annual examinations by a body of highly respect-
able  citizens, called from  various  parts of the
country, are not only useful as checks upon any
improper tendency to vv Inch all public cbtablish-
ments are more or less liable, but they are satis-
factory when they bear testimony to the value of
the system, and to the correctness of its adrrunis-
tmtion, and practically advantageous by the sug-
gestions they offer.   That improvements may be
made in the several departments of the Military
Academy cannot be doubted, nor can it be doubted
that a thorough examination by Congress of its
various concerns  whether administrative, finan-
cial, or instructive, would be highly useful, and
-would tend to its permanent amelioration.  Its re-
sults, so far as these can be judged by the charac-
ter  conduct, and qualifications of the officers of
the Array, about two thirds of whom have been
educated at (¿is institution, have been decidedly
beneficial.    Thr standard of acquirement for the
military, profession has been raised, habits of dis-
cipline u>$ subordination, necessary first to learn,
before ifé íuíjV p/ command can be properly exe-
cuted ,^ave,rje.ejií|eqüíred¿ elementary knowledge
peculiarly adapted to a raifitary life has been more
extensively and accurately taught, and we have
been better enabled to keep pace With those im-
provements which the nations of Europe have
made and are making in this important branch of
modern science.
Agreeably to y0ü*rj*4frís$ídn,fnáfe Introduce^
Oao the estímate* an additional sumfcrr the arma-
ment of the fortifications. Without going into
any unnecessary detail upon this subject at the
pit sent time, I will barely remark that this meas-
ure is called for by the actual state of our prepa-
rations, ,ind b\ a provident regard to the duty of
self-dt tense. If no incienso takes place in this
branch of the sen ice, m inv yeai s must elapse be-
fore our fortifications and arsenals are sufficiently
'provided.
A resolution passed the House of Representa-
Uves at the last sessiou,recJU,iring the Secretary of
War to procure certain information having rela-
tion to the establishment of a national foundery in
the District of Columbia. The information which
has been collected mil be communicated, m obe-
dience to tie retolution; but I am so nnpresstd
with the importance of the nvasurf, that I am
induced to bring it to your notice in this report.
The United States have no establishment for
the manufacture of cannon. The supplies wanted,
as w ell for the fit Id artillery of the army and
mihtm as for the armament of the fortifications,
are now procured from fourprivatefoundenesione
near Richmond, one at Georgetown, one oppo-
site West Point, and one at Pittsburg; which ap-
pear to have been established,at several periods,
in the expectation that their products would be
received by the Government as the public neces-
sities might require, and at such prices as might
from time to time be judged reasonable. As
there is no private demand for this manufacture
in our country.it is obvious that no person v\ ould
make the requisite preparations, which are un-
derstood to demand considerable investments, and
the employment of skillful workmen practically
acquainted with this branch of business, unless
expectations of a just reimbursement were held
out. Contracts for limited periods have from
time to tunc been made, provioing for the delivery
of stipulated quantities; but, as I had the honor
to communicate to you in my annual report of
November 21, 1831, the act of Congress ofMarch
3,1809, seems to present serious difficulties in
the way of such an arrangement, and since that
time no formal contract has been made for the
supply of cannon. The proprietors of tht se found -
enes have been annually informed, that if the ap-
propriations would permit, and if cannon of des-
ignated quality and size were fabricated, these
w ould be purchased. In this manner the subject
has lingered, without any action on the part of
Congress, and without any authority an the part
of this Department, to make more efficient ar-
rangements. During the present year the appro-
priation for the armament of the fortifications has
been principally expended in procuring iron gun-
carriages; and the foundenes have not been em-
ployed in the fabrication of cannon for the mil-
itary branch of the service. It is believed that
this circumstance, by deranging their operations,
has been seriously injurious, and if it again occur,
it may induce some of them to discharge the
I workmen specially employed upon this business,
and who may hereafter be collected with great
I difficulty. The Government now depends upon
this temporary and uncertain arrangement for
the supbly of this indispensable element of na-
tional defense. The circumstances which re-
quired a change. I had the honor to submit four
years sihee. They have lost none of their force
during the period which has intervened; and inde-
pendently of the considerations presented having
relation to the uncertain condition of these estab-
lishments, there are others, bearing upon the
quality of the material and the Workmanship,
which render it important that the Government
should be its own manufacturer of this article.
The cost of cannon, while this is kept within a
reasonable limit, is not an object, compared with
the two qualities of strength and lightness. With
the exertions of the present manufacturers of
cannon, so far as the necessary facts are known
to me, I have reason to be satisfied. But it is
sufficiently obvious, that in a branch of business
where a slight difference in the material, and
slight neglect in the process, may rJrodtiee irre-
mediable mischief, and* irhere, from cause's not
easily ascertained, these defects may disclose
themselves in the midst of the most active, service,
and after the guns hate resisted all the usual
proófs, the manufacture of the article should be
carried on wnerethe^e ttégkét* ar* lea** likely to'
happen; where, in fact, there can be no interest
to use any oth< r than the best materiils, nor to
employ any other than the most skillful artisans.
Time and experience are necessary to found and
perfi ct nn establishment for this purpose upon a
scale suited to our wants.
It does not si cm neei ssary to exhibit in detail
the number of cannon now in the possession of
thr Government, and distributed in its forts, ar-
| sonáis, and temporary posts, and the number
that will be required to complete the armament
of the fortifications already constructed, of those
in the process of construction, and of those pro-
jected, and the number necessary for the proper
demands of field service. It is sufficient to ob-
serve here, that the quantity is far more than
enough to justify extensive and vigorous ar-
rangements, and this without reference to the
accidents of time and service which must always
operate to reduce the stock on hand.
Such an establishment as the one contemplated
could be employed as weH for the Navy as for the
Army; but, while I allude to its general useful-
ness, it \  pMper I should avoid all details pecu-
liarly appropriate to another department.
The defective organization of the militia is uni-
versally acknowledged. But little practical utility
results from the administration of the present
sj stem, and if this great element of national de-
fense is worth preservation and improvement, it
is time the whole subject should be examined,
and that a plan suited*^ to the exigencies of the
country should be adopted. I am unwilling to
bebeve that there are such inherent difficulties in
this subject as to rpnder it impracticable, or even
very difficult, to organize this great force, so pe-
culiarly adapted to our institutions, and in such
a manner as to render it active and efficient in
those junctures when the country may be called
on to exert its power. I presume few would be
found to advocate the maintenance of a standing,
military force, adequate to all the purposes of
peace and war. When, therefore, these exigen-
cies arise, from which no nation can expect ex-
emption, and which call for an extension of our
physical means, wc must resort to an increase of
the Army, or to the embodying of the militia. It
is obvious, from the extent of1 the country, that
we can never keep, at all the exposed points, such
a permanent force as circumstances may occasion-
ally require. The natural, and, in fact, the neces-
sary dependence' must be upon the militia; and
if it be unorganized, we shall be found without
the means to repel a foreign enemy, or to repress-
internal disturbances, should these evils occur.
To depend upon organizing a system when the
exigency arises, is to reject all the lessons of ex-
perience, and to procrastinate, for examination,
what should then be the subject of action. Be-
sides, a permanent plan of organization should
be devised in a time of leisure and peace, so that
it may be introduced and thoroughly known be-
fore the force provided by it is required to be
exerted. It should, as much as possible, be in-
grafted upon the habits of the country, and be-
come a part of our institutions. The basis of art
efficient organization of tire militia must be a se-
lection for instruction and service of that part of
the population best qualified for these duties.
i Age and physical capacity present the proper
considerations for such a selection. The pnnci-
, pie is stated, with his usual force, by Mr. JefTer-
I son, in his message to Cohgress of December,
I 1805, wherein he said:
I     " Whether it will be necessary to augment
i ' our land forces will be decided by occurrences
[ ' probablj in the course of ytiur session.   In the
«mean time, you will consider whether it would
' not be expedient for a state of peace, as well as
• of war, so to organise and class the militia as
' would enable us on ft Sudden emergency to call'
*for the serticé of the younger portions, uneq
•^uáibered with the eld, and those having fanu-
' lies, upwards of three hundred thousand able-
« bodied men, betw%en the ages of eifhteen and
• twenty-six years, whiéh the last census show 
* we rttay now cotmt within our limits, will fur-
• Wish a competent number for offense or defense
* in any point where they may be wanted, and will
* give tkwe for raising regular forces aftef the ne-
cces*ity oT the* shall become certain; and the
•*d*eirif-%* the «Érrf IpfeHod of lift «U i  *<**«
