1835.]                               APPBRDlXTOTHEeONGRESSÍGNAUiltOBK.                                    3
24th Cotío....1«t S*s#,
Report eftha Secretary d/ War*
Sbnaie & Ho. oí^Rbps.
* services cannot but be desirable to our younger ¡
* citizens of the present as well as future turns,
«inasmuch as it engages to them in more ad\ anccd
* a<re a quiet and undisturbed repose in the bosom
*  of their families     I cannot, tht n, but canu stly
*  recommend to your early consult ration the e\-
* pediency of so modifying our militia system as,
' by a separation of the more active part from
' that u Inch is less so, we may draw from it when
* necessary an efficient corps, fit for real and acUv e
' service, and to be called in the regular rotation."
Had the general principles here recommended
been practically adopted, and a corresponding
system established, with the necessary details,
first for instruction, and then for active ser-
vice, it cannot be doubted that the course of events
which marked the commencement of the late
war would have been avoided, and an immense
expenditure of blood and treasure saved to the
nation. The warning voice, which was not heeded
then, may perhaps be heard now; and if it is, it
may produce incalculable benefits.
A board of officers of the Army and unlit ía was
organ zed some years since, under the instructions
ot this Department, and by virtue of a resolution
of Congress, for the purpose of examining this
subject, and of devising a practicable plan for the
organ zation, improvement, and efficient action of
the militia. Their report contains the outline of
ajwo/i/, which, with some modifications, appears
tome to combine as many advantages as any other
that can probably be adopted. The basis was a
classification of the adult male population of the
United States, and a selection of so many persons
from it above the age of twenty-one years as
should be necessary to complete the number re-
quired to be enrolled and organized at all times
for actual service, beginning in all cases with the
youngest above the prescribed age. Their report
stopped at the number they deemed necessary for
constant equipment. As regards instruction and
preparation, this limitation is no doubt proper; but
«till it would probably be deemed advisable so far
to organize the whole body within certain ages as
to produce a classification, and to afford the requi-
site facilities towards calhng them into service in
succession, should any contingency demand a
larger force than the first division could supply.
This arrangement would render available for the
defense of the country its whole physical force ;
not that any event could require it all to be embod-
ied at the same tune, but because a particular
section might sometimes be peculiarly exposed,
and call for the services of a large proportion of its
population, and the continuance of the pressure
might render it necessary to discharge in succes-
sion those who bad performed their prescribed
terras, and to require the services of others.
A mere organization would avail but little, un-
less inducements were held out for proper in-
structions and equipment. And I consider, there-
fore, gome provision for elementary instruction,
and (or such equipment as rimy be necessary to
excite a proper emulation, indispensable to any
improvement of oar miliua system—indispens-
able, I may add, to its very existence. An ar-
rangement for these objects would embrace the
first class only. It would, to be sure, involve
expense, for an adequate compensation must be
allowed to the persons required to be embodied
at these schools of instruction, for a few days in
the year. And Jt would probably be found ex-
pedient to conUnae the present plan of voluntary
corps, with some changes, and to require them
also to meet for improvement. It is in vain to
expect that the whole adult male population of
the country can or will furnish themselves with
the articles required by law, or that their collec-
tion for any number of days they can afford to
devote to this object, and under the usual cir-
cumstances of fuch assemblages, can produce
■any beneficial effect to themselves or their coun-
try. Already, in a number of the States, the
system has sunk under the weight of public
opinion, and (the practical question now is,
whether we shall remain in fact defenseless, or
resort to a largs standing military force in time
of peace, that just dread of all free Governments.,
or adopt an efficient plan, which will prepare for
the public defense tie greatest force at the least
cost, and without danger. The blessings we
have mherUed «sanot be preserved without exer-
tion, nor without expense. It were idle to sit
still and flatter ourselves with the hope that war
is never to overtake us, and it would be worse to
delay all efficient organisation of our phjsical
means, till the time for its active employment ar-
rives. Nearly fifty years have elapsed since the
adoption of the present Constitution. During all
that ume, no essential change has been made in
our militia system-, and it has gradually declined
in utility and efficiency, and in public confidence;
and there is reason to fear its entire abandon-
ment, unless it undergoes important modifica-
tions. In this long interval, the value of the
system seems to ha\ e been appreciated by all the
Presidents of the United States, as well those
who, from the habit of their lives, could best
estáñate its value by their personal observation,
as by those whose opinions may have been well
formed from the course of events baring relation
to this matter; and in their annual communica-
tions, commencing with the inaugural address of
General Washington, this subject has been al-
most constantly pressed upon the attention of
Congress.    For the purpose of showing its mi-
r>rtance in the opinion of these eminent citizens,
have caused their communications to be exam-
ined, and find that the subject has been presented
to the Legislature and the nation no less than
thirty-one times ro their official recommenda-
tions I indulge the hope that the present state
of public affairs may lead to a reexamination of
the system, and to such changes as may render
It permanently useful.
1 am gratified in being able to announce to you
that the Indians residing east of the Mississippi
river, appear to be yielding to the conviction that
their removal to the territory assigned for their
residence in the West, offers the only rational
prospect of any permanent improvement in their
condition, and that this measure is essential to
their prosperity. Both in the North and South
the reports of the officers having charge of this
matter are encouraging, and we may anticipate
the full establishment of our present policy, and
with the fairest prospects of success, if the pre-
existing prejudices, which have so long operated
to retard our efforts, can be removed.
The considerations which render this changa
of residence necessary are sufficiently obvious,
and are founded upon the results that have here-
tofore attended our intercourse with the Indians.
The causes which have so long continued to re-
duce and depress them in their present situation
within our borders, are yet in active operation.
Their food, derived from the chase, is disappear-
ing. Their habits are inveterate; and they can-
not or will not accommodate themselves to the
new circumstances which press upon them in
tinte to save themselves from extinction. And,
above all, their contact with a white population
has entailed and is entailing upon them evils
which, if not checked, must lead to their ruin.
They appear to acquire with much greater facil-
ity the vices than the virtues of civilized life;
and during the whole period they have been
known to us, they have abandoned themselves,
with strange improvidence, to the use of ardent
spirits. From my own observation of the In-
dian character, I consider the indulgence of this
habit as the great barrier against any improve-
ment of that portion of this race which, from
their position, are enabled at pleasure to gratify
this propensity. The difficulty of putting a stop
to this traffic, while the Indians are intermingled
with our citizens, is sufficiently obvious. And
if they are to be rescued from its effects, they
must be removed beyond the sphere of the traffic.
This is certainly one of the most prominent rea-
sons for the faithful prosecution of the system;
and Congress, apparently impressed with its
force, has provided by law that all ardent spirits
found in the Indian country may be destroyed.
The agents of the Government will not now be
compelled, as formerly, to resort to legal process
for the interdiction of this traffic, at the hazard
of the trouble, expense, and uncertainty attend-
ing such prosecutions upon a remote frontier-
I consider the experiments which have recently
been made to provide for the maintenance of the
Indians, by reserva,tionsfor their use, and with the
power of alienation, i«>v rever guardedrtp have
whoSy failed-   Thes  tracts are too often soid for
a very inadequate consideration, and the amount
received is dissipated in expenditures either posi-
tively injurious or altogether useless.
' As soon as the remaining tribes shall have been
established in the West, we may look forward to.
a happier destiny for the Indians. And if this
expectation be disappointed, the failure must be
attributed to the inveterate habits of this people,
and not to the policy of the Government. The ar-
rangements for the comfortable establishment of
the Indians have been projected upon a scale suited
to their wants and condition, and to the duties of
the United States. With a view to appreciate the
advantages which have been secured to them, i
deem it proper briefly to recapitulate provisions
that have been made. These are not applicable
in all their details to each tribe, as some receive
more and some less trramount, while certain arti-
cles are given to some and not to others. But the
general principles of distribution apply to all. An
extensive country has been reserved for them, and
has been divided into districts for the several
tribes. To this they are removed at the expense
of the United States.
They are provided with the necessary subsist-
ence for one year after they reach their new resi-
dence.
Annuities in specie, to a greater or less amount,
are payable to each tribe.
Agricultural  instruments,   domestic animals,
seed corn, salt, looms, cards, spinning wheels,
I iron, steel, cloths, blankets, rifles, ammunition,
and other articles, are distributed among them.
Mills are erected and kept in operation Coun-
cil-houses, churches, and dwelbng-houses for
chiefs, are built.
Mechanics are engaged and supported, schools
are established and maintained, and the mission-
ary institutions among them are aided from the
Treasury of the United States.
These are the principal arrangements nade for
the benefit of this unfortunate people, who will
soon have been removed, at great expense, when
this new system will be in full operation, and
where their peculiar institutions can be preserved
with such modifications as a progressive state of
improvement may require. They will be sepa-
rated, too, from the settled portions of the coun-
try* by a fixed boundary, beyond which our
population cannot pass.
The operations of the Department of Indian
Affairs are shown in detail by the report of the
Commissioner and by that of the Commissary
General of Subsistence. It was anticipated that
a considerable body of the Creeks of Alabama
would, ere this, have been on their way to the
West; but recent information induces the belief
that their journey has been postponed, but under
circumstances which will probably insure their
early removal in the spring. The treaty with the
Seminóles of Florida, for their removal, is in the
process of execution. A portion of the tribe
were not prepared to go at the time arrangements
were first proposed to be made for their removal,
and when by the treaty they might have been
required to depart. At their earnest solicitations,
the measure was postponed until the coming win-
ter, and assurances were given by them that
they would then be prepared to remove. A ma-
jority avow their readiness to comply with their
engagements, and will no doubt quietly go as
soon as the arrangements for their departure ahs.1)
have been completed. But some of them exhibit
a refractory spirit, and evince a disposition to
remain. J^s they now hold no land in Florida 
and would become a lawless banditti if suffered
to remain, their pretensions cannot be submitted^
to. They will, prohably, when the time fox;
Operations arrives, quietly follow their eountry-
ons arrives, quieuy luiiuw jiwom ►"  ««
Should they not, measures willIbe adopted
to insure this course, eauaHy diptated by a just
regard to their own welfare, a  well as to that of
our citizens in the vicinity of their residence.
Governor Stokes, General Arbuckle, ano M -
3or Armstrong, were appointed Commissioners
Ío make a treaty with the roving tribes of In-
dians who inhabit the great western prairie, with
the view of establishing permanent pacific re-
lations between these predatory tribes and the
United States, and also between the same tribes
and the other Indiana of that regios, lhe Ia-
i ej ted d>¿3iM miov ArmMrpuf-aepnved t&s
