APPENDIX WTHE C^NtíHESSfONXL^COfíÉ.
[Decerrjber f>$
i> 4th Cono...'. 1  t Seíts.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Si^aTe & Ho. of Reps.
Government of the services of that valuable offi-
ce*: Uit the other Commissioners succeeded in
e¡':ev."ip¡: a pacification, which I hope will lead to
a t'ri' nifty intercourse among all the tribes in that
quarter.
Under the authority of an act of the last session
of Conir^ss, an arrangement has been made by
Colonel BrookiS with the Caddo Indians, for the
cession of their claims to land in the State of
Louisiana and Territory of Arkansas. This will
be submitted to you at the proper time, for the
consideration of the Senate.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,                       LEW: CASS.
To the President or the United States.
RfT  t the Secretary «C ttoe Itm-ry.
Navt Department, Deeembtr 5, 1835.
Sir: In presenting to your consideration the
condition of our Navy for the past year, it affords
me ereat s-itisfaction to state, that all the availa-
ble means for its improvement have been success-
fully applied, and that its operations in protecting
our commerce, although inadequate to the exi-
gencies of that great and growing interest, have
been highly honorable to the officers serving upon
our naval stations, at home and abroad.
Sinre my reportof the 29th of November, 1834,
the ship oí the line North Carolina has beerr thor-
oughly repaired in her hull, has been lately taken
out of dock, and may be fitted for sea in eighty
da vs.
The repairs of the ship of the line Independ-
ence, now in dock at Boston, have been com-
menced, and are progressing with great dispatch.
The frigates Constitution and Constellation have
been equipped and sent to sea. The frigate
United States has *>een prepared, and is ready
For the reception of a crew. The hull of the
frigate Columbia, at Washington, has been so
nearly completed, under the law for the gradual
improvement of the Navy, that she may be
launched in the course of this month.
The sloops of war Peacock and Vandalia have
been equipped and sent to sea. The sloop of war
Warren is taking in her crew, and will sail in a
few days. The sloops of war Concord and Bos-
ton have been prepared, and are ready for the re-
ception of their crews, and the Lexington will be
equally prepared in a few weeks.
The repairs of the sloops of war Falmouth and1 '
Natchez, and of the schooner Grafnpus, have been '
recently commenced, and it is believed that in a ,
few weeks they may be ready for the reception !
of their crews.                                                     i
The building of a store-ship, authorized by a ]
law of the 30th of June, 1834, has been com-
menced at Philadelphia; and a steam-vessel has t
been commenced at New York, but will not be
ready for service until some time in the summer
of 1836.                                                                Í
The ships of the line Alabama, Vermont, Vir- i
ginia, Pennsylvania, and New York, and the
frigates Santee, Cumberland, Sabine, Savannah, I
Raritan, and St. Lawrence, are on the stocks, '
■well protected from the weather, and as nearly
completed as it is proper they should be, until it
is determined to launch them.
For a more detailed statement of the condition
of those vessels, as well as that of thó ships'of the
line Franklin, Washington, Columbus, and Ohio,
and their means of repair, I beg leave to refer to
a report of the Commissioners of the Navy Board
herewith submitted, marked K. And for the
Amount of timber, iron, and other materials pro-
cured for the gradual improvement of the Navy,
I refer to their report marked L.
The ship of the line Delaware, the frigate Po-
tomac, the sloop John Adams, and the schooner
Shark, have been employed in the Mediterranean
during the last year. The frigate Constitution
sailed for that station on the 19th of August last,
from New York. The frigate United States re-
turned from the Mediterranean on the 10th of
December last. The Delaware is ordered to the
United States, and is daily expected.
On the West India station the sloops of war
Vandalia, St. Louis, and  Falmouth, and the
a doners Grampus and Experiment, have been
ployed-.   Th« Vandalia, after undergoing con*
siderable repairs, sailed from Norfolk on the 14th
of January Inst, to resume her station in the West
Indies. The Falmouth returned from that station
on the 1st of August last, and is now at Norfolk.
The schooner Experiment also returned from
that station in April last, and has been employed
on the survey of the coast. The Grampus re-
turned to Norfolk on the 23d of September Inst,
is undergoing repairs, and will soon resume her
station in the West India squadron. The frigate
Constellation sailed for the West Indies on the
fcHh of October last, from Norfolk.
The sloops of war Natchez, Erie, and Ontario,
and the schooner Enterprise, composed the squad-
ron on the Brazilian station. The Natchez has
lately returned to the United States, having ar-
rived at New York on the 3d of October. The
schooner Enterprise has been detached from that
station,and ordered on a cruise tothe East Tndies.
She sailed in company with the sloop Peacock
from Rio on the 12th of July last: the Peacock
having sailed from New York for that station on
the 23d of April. In June last the Ontario was
ordered to the coast of Africa, with instructions
to visit the Island of St. Thomas, BaBsa Cove,
Cape Palmas, and Mesurado.
The vessels which have been employed in the
Pacific arc the frigate Brandywine and sloops
Fairfield and Vincennes and the schooners Dol-
phin and Grampus. The Vincennes has been
ordered home by the way of the East Indies, and
the Fairfield has lately arrived at Norfolk.
The events of the last year furnish much addi-
tional evidence that ournaval force in commission
is not adequate to the protection of our rapidly-
increasing commerce. The frequent insurrections
and revolutions in the governments of Fouth
America and of Mexico, endanger our merchant
vessels upon the Atlantic as well as Pacific ocean,
and in the Gulf of Mexico, and even upon our
own const. Influenced by a knowledge of these
circumstances, and in accordance with your sug-
gestions, I have asked and obtained from the
Board of Navy Commissioners, an estimate of the
increased annual expense of adding two frigates,
three sloops of war, and four steam-vessels, to
our force now in commission, to be employed upon
foreign stations, as well as upon our own coast.
By their report it appears that such an addition to
our vessels in commission would require annually
an appropriation of $478,000; but as not more than
one steam-vessel can be finished in the next year,
the appropriation wanted for 1836 for this purpose
need not exceed $434,000. This sum is small
compared with the benefits that may be fairly cal-
culated*) result from its expenditure, in affording
protection to our commerce, independently of the
advantage to the efficiency and discipline of our
Navy,by callinginto active service a large nurtmer
of officers now unemployed. A large portion of
the entire expenditure for the additional force pro-
posed must De incurred, even if it should not be
called into service. The vessels necessary for
such increase of force, (except the steam-vessels,)
will, if not so employed, remain at our wharves,
affording no benefit to the country, and suffering
more from decay than they would do if at sea; and
a large portion of the officers necessary for their
command, although earnestly asking for service,
will remain on shore, receiving pay, but perform-
ing no duty; adding nothing to their professional
skill, butiosing their habits of discipline, which
can only be preserved by constant exercise.
Should the proposed increase of force be sanc-
tioned by Congress, we shall have in commission
in the year 1836 one ship of the line,six frigates,
fourteen sloops of war, five schooners, and one
steam-vessel, with an addition of three steam-ves-
sels in succeeding years as soon as the same can
be prepared', the estimated expense of which ap-
pears by the report of the Commissioners, marked
Dl.
_ Appropriations fbr the gradual improvement
of our navy-yards are next in importance to like
appropriations- for the gradual improvement of
our Navy. The necessity of more ample means
for protecting our shipping, as well as the im-
mense amount of public property in the different
yards, must be apparent to every one who is ac-
quainted with the subject; and the expediency of
increasing the facilities for constructing and re-
pairing our ships, it not less apparent.  Moderate
appropriations, in addition to those that are usual
for three or four years, would accomplish these
important objects. In accordance with this view
of the subject, I submit a letter of the Board of
Navy Commissioners, marked E,No. 1, together
with an estimate of the probable cost of the pro-
posed improvements, which amount to S3,500,000,
including that of the dry-dock at New York,
amounting to $900,000.
A national founderyfor the purpose of casting
cannon, shot, and shells, as well for the Army as
the Navy, was a subject of discussion before the
two Houses of Congress at their late session,but
was postponed in consequence of the shortness
of the session, and the pressure of more urgent
business. No doubt can be entertained of the
importance of such an establishment, when we
consider the great improvements made in the fab-
rication of small-arms at the different armories
of the United States. In our future wars, espe-
cially on the ocean, we must rely much upon the
excellence of our cannon. The bursting of a
single gun may cause, as it often has done, the
loss of a battle. The disasters from this cause
that occurred during the revolutionary as well as
the late war, admonish us to guard against like
disasters in future, which, it is believed, may be
avoided by the means proposed.
It is only by a long series of experiments, and
i these attended with ^reat expense, that we can
hope to discover the best material for making
cannon which our country affords, and the art of
fabricating them with the most perfect accuracy
and efficiency. Believing that such discoveries
and improvements are attainable, and that they
¡ would be highly important in the Army,and still
more so in the Navy, I must be permitted to ex-
press a hope that the subject will he reviewed at
the approaching session of Congress, and that
the plan of a national fóundery will be adopted.
The importance of rearinga body of seamen,
by enlisting into the service of our Navy boys
over the age of thirteen and under the age of
eighteen, until they should arrive at the age of
twenty-one years, has already attracted the at-
tention of Congress. At the last session, a bill
for this purpose was introduced into the Senate.
Every year the importance of this measure be-
comes more apparent. Able seamen are much
wanted; while there are boys enough in our cities,
leading lives of idleness and vice for want of
employment, who, if thus enlisted, under judi-
cious regulations, would in a fww years afford us
a sufficient corps of able seamen to- man our
navy, and in the meantime render services to
their country worth their pay.
The compensation to be given by the late pay
bill to professors of mathematics is such as to
command the services of those who are every
way competent to perform the duties of this sta-
tion. A regulation is adopted to appoint none to
this station who shall not receive a certificate of
competency, after submitting to a rigid examina-
tion by scientific gentlemen who shall be ap-
pointed for that purpose. This will be of great
advantage to the young officers of the Navy, and
if a large portion of them should be called into
active service by employing an additional naval
force for'the protection of our commerce, they
will be enabled to perfect themselves in seaman-
ship—the most important part of their education,
and which can be acquired only at sea. But to
make them accomplished officers, something
more is required than what can probably be de-
rived from those sources: a knowledge of military
tactics, of engineering, and drawing, is deemed
indispensable in the education of an officer of the
Army, and which ought to be deemed equally so
in the education of a naval officer. Bo much of
chemistry, mineralogy, geology, and natural his-
tory, as is taught at the Miliary Academy, al-
though not absolutely essential to the military or
naval officer, yet is decidedly more important to
the latter than to the former. If provision should
be made for the admission of a class of one hun-
dred midshipmen at a time at the Academy at
West Point, to pursue such studies as should be
prescribed by the Navy Department, and to be
succeeded at the end of one or two years by an-
other class, all in their turn might receive the
advantage of this course of studies, highly neces-
sary to tlieif education as accomplismed officers
