1(635.1
4im$flpjfr mi m% s9m>m*mMiiflMm
34th Con«u,.1st Sjcm 
Report of*h& ¿kcrtfsry •/* ¿a. jViuig.
SvfAVB, & Ho^ftt^%f *
of the Navy, and at a «mall expense-, as the mid- |
shipmen, while at «he Academy, would receiv  '
no more pay than if attending the schools at the
navy-yards, or if waiting order .
A national observatory, although not immedi-
ately necessary to the defense of our country, is
remotely so; and, considered wjth reference to the
bearing it would have upon our Navy, our com-
merco, and scientific pursuits, it assumes an im-
portance worthy of the consideration of Congress.
It is hardly to be doubted, that we shall at some
future period make such an establishment; and I
will venture to express an opinion, that no time
can be more propitious for such an undertaking
than the present. It would not be attended with
any great expense. It is necessary now to em-
ploy an officer of science to keep our maps and
charts, to regulate «ur chronometers, and to pre-
serve all mathematical and philosophical instru-
ments required for the naval service; and build-
ings are* necessary for these purposes. These
duties would properly devolve upon the superin-
tendent of an observatory; and the buildings ne-
cessary to such an establishment would be amply
.sufficient for the preservation of our maps, charts,
.and instruments.
Under the act concerning naval pensions and
the navy pension fund, eighteen invalid pen-
sions have been granted since my last report,
making the number on the roll three hundred and
five, and the annual amount required to pay them
$24,944; and forty-one widows' pensions have
been granted, making the number on the roll one
.hundred and fifty, and the annual amount neces-
sary to pay them $32,594. The annual charge,
iherefore, according to the present roll, will
amount to $57,538. It is not probable that all on <
the list will claim; but as the death of a pensioner
is not officially known, except when the account
is settled by ¿i* or her representative, the num-
iier is made out from the rolls in this Department.
Some have not claimed for two, three,four, and
five years; hut as they are not known tobe dead, j
vheir names are still continued on the rolls. The j
receipts and expenditures on account of the fund, ¡
to 30th September last, will be seen in the state-
ment marked M, and the amount and description
•of stocks belonging to the fund, in the statement
,' ÜDdor the act of the 19th of June, 1824, re-
specting pensions chargeable to the private pen-
aron Fund, since my last report  bt widows have
.received five years.' pension each, amounting to
12,400; more than five years having elapsed since
Jhe date to which-they were last paid. Two in-
valid pensions have also been granted; making
the number on the roll thirty-six, and the annual
amount required to pay them $3,184. The ac- t
.count of stock, and of receipts and expenditures,
will be seen in statement N.                               _     I
The condition of the Navy hospital fund,, in-
eluding receipts and expenditures, will appear
in statement 0. The annual receipts are much
■greater than the disbursements; ana as they wil}
.probably continue to be greater for several years,
I respectfully repeat the suggestion in my last re-
port, that authority be given to vest the surplus
in some well-secured stock, for the benefit of the
fund.                                                                            !
Un4er the act of the 30th of June, 1834, the
widows of all officers, seamen, and marines,
who have died in the naval service since the 1st
¿ay of, January, 1824, or who may die in said
service, by reason of disease contracted, or of
¿casualties by drowning or otherwise, or of inju-
ries received while in die line of duty, are enti-
tled to pensions equal to half the amount qf the
nay to which their husbands respectively were
entitled at the time of their deaths. The act of
the 3d of March last, " to regulate the nay of
.the Navy of the United States," and which in-
-creased the pay of many officers, is silent as to
pensions. A. difficulty arises in ascertaining the
proper amount of pension to be allowed to
willows of naval offioers whose pay has been in-
creased by this act. The pay of a captain, in
command of a squadron, was increased to $4,000
a year; when on other duty, to $3,500; and when
off duty, to ¿2,500. A correspondió" ;nc,rease
.of pay is made to other officers. In the case of
a captain dying when in command of a squadron
in ¿foreign  uuion,.a.question arises ^hether
his widow should receive a pension to the amount
of Jf600 a year, to which she would have been
entitled if this act had not passed, or whether
she shall receive the half of the amount of pay
to which her husband was entitled at the time of
his death as a captain commanding a squadron,
as a captain on other duty, or as a captain off
duty. After much deliberation it has been de-
cided to allow a pension in such case of $1,135 65
a year, being the half-pay of a captain com-
manding a squadron, reduced by the amount of
$1,728 75, equal to his allowance before this act.
The salary of $4,000 a year to a captain in com-
mand of a squadron, is in lieV of former pay
and emoluments. Those emoluments, excepting'
one ration a day, amounted to $1,728 75; which
sum, deducted from $4,000, leaves $2,271 25, the
half of which, $1,135 62, is considered as the
proper amount of the widow's arfmlal pension.
Questions on pensions, mare complicated. than
this, may arise under this act; especially in the
case of the death of surgeons and assistant sur-
geons, whose grades of pay are more numerous
than those of captains.
The necessity of an explanatory'act to obvíate
these difficulties is respectfully suggested.
By the act of Congress of the 10th of July,
1832, it is required that any surplus money be-
longing to the navy pension fund, shall be vested
in the stock of the Bank of the United States.
The amount so vested,.is $619,000; and this De-
partment has no authority to make a different
investment of this money without the further ac-
tion of Congress.
Previously to the passing of the act of the 30th
of June, 1834, for the better organization of the
United States Marine Corps, double rations had
bee a allowed to the commandant of that corps,
and to the officers of the sanie commanding at the
navy-yards at Portsmouth, Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Washington, Norfolk, and Pensa-
cola; and the senior marine officers in the squad-
rons in the Mediterranean, the West Jndies, the
Brazilian coast, and the Pacific ocean; all receiv-
ing the sanction of Congress by their appropria-
tion. By tliis act of the officers, of the marine
corps are tq receive the same pay, emoluments,
and allowances, as are given to officers of similar
grades in the infantry of the Army. The act or"
the 16th of March, 1802, fixing the military peace
establishment of the United States, authorizes
allowances to the commanding -officers of each
separate post of such additional number of rations
as the President of the United States shall, from
time to time, direct.
These provisions of this last act were continued
by an act of the .3d of March, 1815  fixing the
military peace establishment.
, The paymaster of the marine corps madepay-
ñents for double rations to officers heretofore re-
ceiving the same, from the 1st Of July to the 90th
of September, 1884: But the accounting officers
of the Treasury did not think proper to ajlow the
same, inasmuch as the commands of these officers
had never been designated a* «afjarate stations^
agreeably 1* the rule prescribed for the Army.
This is a case of difficulty which, it is respect-
folly suggested, requires the interposition of Con-
gress.
Being still of the opinio* expressed in ray last
report, that the public interest would be promoted
by having the marine barracks placed ■«ikout the
navy-yards to which they ■wa attached tm early as
may be practicable^ estimates aré submitted for
purchasing- sites and erecting barracks at places
where they are deemed most-neeesaary.
- • In performance of my dnty under the act of Khs
3d of March last, authorising the coatstruotkm of
a dry-dock for the naval service in th* harbor oB
Ne / York, on its adjacent water*, I proceeded,«
May last, to the city of New York* where I was
met by an. able engineer, Loami Baldwin, Esq.)
whom I had previously. engaged to make (he
soundings and other examinations necessary to'a
proper selection of d Suitable sitt'.. After a long
and laboriousfexaminaXion^Mr. Baldwiamade his
report, which has been submitted to your oofi-
sideration; byMFhiah it appears that the proposed
dry-^iock may be.advanuige.Q*sly«0nstni«t d ip
' the navy-yarq at Brooklyn. -A selection pf this
| place tor this pUrpoW is recommended by The
1 consideration tbat4hel«nd«5<|Uf^a^ttte   y-
yard belongs to the United States, and..that th«
public buildings upon it, which, are ofrreat valvtfi
cannot be abandoned without serious loss.
One difficulty presented itself, which created,
some delay in making tills selociion. A building
for the purpose of distilling turpentine had been
erected so near to the navy-yard as greatly to en-
danger the public property. Other buildings for
similar purposes, or for purposes equally danger-
ous, might be erected near the yard, if not pre-
vented by some act of legislation. I am happy
to state that die Common Council of Brooklyn,
when the case was laid before them, promptly
passed an ordinance which it is behevea will ef-
fectually secure the property in the navy-yard
from-the danger of this nuisance and all similar
ones; and it cannot be doubted that the Common
Council pf Brooklyn will grant all reasonable
protection and accommodation to this navy-yard*,
arid that the S,tate of New York will protect and
promote the interests of the same by any legisla-
tive acts that may be,found to be necessary and
proper. I shall therefore proceed, under your
direction, with as much dispatch as present and
future appropriations will perrnk, to cause the
dry-dock thus authorized by law to be constructed
in the navy-yard at Brooklyn.
Under theactof the 30th of June, 1834, " au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to make
experiments for the safety of the steam-engine,"
and appropriating five thousand dollars for that
purpose, many proposed improvements have been
submitted for the purpose of being tasted by ex-
periments. Some of these were so easily tested by
those having stoam-engincs in operation, that the
aid of Government was not needed; others were
attended with greater difficulty, and could not be
tested without the expense of constructing boilers
and other machinery for the purpose. These
proposed improvements have not been such as,
in my opinion, to warrant a large expenditure of
money; and no experiments have been made
upon them. Such experiments, however, would
have been made, if they could have been so made
without the expense of constructing engines.
The act seemed particularly to require .that the
^team-engine devised -by. Benjamin Phillips, of
Philadelphia^hould be examined and tested, and
that Mr. Phillips should be employed in making
the experiments. Mr. Phillips was therefore em-
ployed to construct a model engine, with boilers
and other machinery which he deeme J necessary
for the purpose of testing his improvements,
Which he brought'to this District, where he re-
niained several weeks' making his experiments
before many members of Uie two Houses of Con-
gress, before the officers of the different Depart-
ments, and others.
I attended very carefully to these experiments,
but have not been able to perceive in them any
improvements increasing the safety of the steam-
engine,                                           i                          •
The money paid for Mr. Phillips's machinery,
preparations, and experiments, amounts to five
hundred and nineteen dollars and. seventy-five
cents; the residue of the appropriation remains
unexpended.                                                  ,       ,ti
, The fourth report of Mr. Rassler, Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey, upon the operations per-
formed in that work between the nionths of May
and December, 1835, together with his detailed
estimate of the appropriations required for the
samé for the next year, are herewith submitted,
marked T.                '          ...    *    _/.i_
Much, work appears, to hav<5 been done orí the
secohuai-y tWangulations, on the topographical op-
erations, and by the sounding parses. That more
has nóYfeerf demcin the ririmaVy trfangtilations xs
expíaineítf'itt the report-          <"       •■
Of the appropriation  herttofom «adeiof th 
smwey, there remained, on the first da* of this
monti an unexpended baknc* ef eight thousand
eight hundred and twenty-three dollarSi
" The duties of the soundingparuesarcperformea
by the officers and sqamen of the Navy, and the
chief part of iho expense is charged to the Navy
appropriations. As, however, there are some ex-
j¿pses .which cannot be charged to p*M appro-
priations, they must necessarily be charged to the
appropriate for the coast survey. IftSeptem-
ber, 1834, the schooner Jersey, not panted for
any purposes of U* ÍS&vj, *« purchased for tho
