«
¡APFSSIMA T9 THE. COKSREeSIQNALL GLOBE.
[DecefciBw
iJirtt CoNtí....rs  Skwu
Report of th* P*stomsterGen*r*l.
Samxrx & Ho. w> Retí.
áni*'on, to see that the postmaster  keep and re-
lurn tlx-*> r sisters to examine them when re- i
lurned, ami not  all di lmouen«ea<>f contractors.
Th a plan i- not ret in futl operauon.
It id «minded 10 apply the ¡mmo principle of
stri-t «upoMiaion to the return of receipt"  by post-
mast, r . to the making of deposits hy the depos-
iting othc  s,and the- forwarding of certificates of
d p> i . to the printing: " nd furnishing of blanks,
ami, as lar a  practicable, to «11 ser\ ices reqmn tl
bj h  and the regulations t>f the Department.
íMimcient atteiiuon lias b en given by the uu-
dcrs.ii* d to the uutiiuer in w Inch newspapers and
Oilier prista matter are conveyed by uitul, to sat-
«Iv hwl that it is  ra<ÍKt !ÍT «Jrt<rctive. No ¡ «per-
visiou or po vr o>t* punishment, exorcised Oi pos-
sessed by tin* Postmaster tjeusrtii, is adequate to
prevent, on some oecaa>otis, the canvas bags in
vii* h prtn'ed papers are stowed, from being left
behind, so long as they are carried separately i rom
the tetter mails, or  i> the outside of couches and
stages. To prevent the evil ui some degree, it
has been provided, in the contracts lutelv awarded
on the mam routes to the West, that, o i th ; out-
ward trip, no passengers siuill be earned ni the
maide el the mail eoacji, but that it shall be ¿evo-
ted exclusively to the mails; and on iimilar routes
along the sea-board, tlie same restriction will be
applied in bothdireetious. It is believi d that the
««fortemcDi of the contracts in this respect, will
in lure ths safe ronvevanoc of the newspapers as
iai as tbev travel on these rou es.
A further improvement in this respect is antici-
pa*, d from arrangements now in progress, to run
steamboat mads on the western rivers during1 the
season of steamboat navigation, and on a portion
•f the M.saissippi during the w hole vear.
it is «ill known that an immense correspond-
ence íscarrwd on during the busuiess season, in
steamboats, upon these waters. So long as the
Department haa no-mails apon the rivers, it is dif-
ficult if not impracticable, to enforce the Post
Office taws, and bring the letters so transmuted
into the post offices. Regular lines of boats are
now formed, and forming, on the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers. A contract has been made with
¿he owners of one of these lines to carry a mad
three- times a week between Pittsburg and Cin-
cinnati, during the season of navigation, for $1300
a year. A proposition has been received, and ac-
.eepted, to convey a mail, except when prevented
by ice, o  the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, be*
tweea Louisville and St, Lonis, three tunes a
week, and between Louisville and New Orleans,
three unies a week during the business season, and
iwiec a week «taring the rest of the year, touching
at all the considerable intermediate points, for
|30JJ0Qa?year for the whole service. Itisincon-
tempUuon to put this mail into operation early in
the coming year. From giving regular river mads
to the business of the West, it is expected that
they will convey almost the entire correspondence
upon those waters, and increase the revenues of
the Department in a sum at least equal to their
cost. This facility being furnished to the com-
munity, the Post Office laws can, with more pro-
priety, be enforced in relation to letters convpyed
in other boats. Nor is it one of the least advan-
Msee anticipated from these mails, that they will
relieve the land mails, in the West and southwest,
of an immense mass of mail-matter, and render its
conveyance more safe, at th* seasons when the
roads are most difficult, and, in the Mississippi
country, during the whole* year.
The muluplicauon of railroads will form a new
esa in tbo ma4 "establishment. They must soon
become the means by which the mails will be
transported on most of the great lines of inter 
«pmraunicauon, and the undersigned has derrotad
•orna at teat ion to the devising oi a system which
shall   render  the   change most uaaful to the
■^Hit-y-
i .The «Hies and large towns on the great linet
constitute centers from which the mails diverge-
to pervade and supply the surrounding country.
At these points generally are the distributing
post offices. The great whole will evidently be-
most speedily and effectually served, by causing'
the mails to pass with all possible expedition, by
night and by day, along the mam linea, through
these numerous centers, stopping for no losal ob-
jtW-Jnd pawainf *4 the distributing ornees only
king enough to exchange mads. The distribu-
tion through the country around mubt be made
attt r tin grtat mail has passed on, by means of
conch  s, stages, or other vehicles, ana horses, as
tin interest of the Department and the country
in iv mutually require. Or, if any iuti-rnn dkiti
ornees he supplu d b\ tlie ruilrotid , it should be
lhos( only win re the cars stop, unless a mode of
i xclutnging mail-bags, without stopping, can be
introduced for tin aeoomniodition ot  >th  rs
The means of transportation lw (mi i n Wash-
ington and Boston, aré now so complete, that this
m stem might be lulvuutogeousiy introduced, at
hwt during the season ot steamboat nivigntion
The time occupied in pas ui  iioiu Washington
to Baltimore, by the railroad, is but two and a
half hours To pass from Baltimore to Phila-
delphia by steamboats and the Newcastle aud
Frenchtown railroad, requires about nun hours,
from Philadelphia to New York, by the Cam-
den and Amboy railroad and sUamuoats, occu-
pies about eight hours, and from XiW Yoik to
ProMdeiica, about fiftc  n hours, and from Pio-
vidence to Boston, two and a half houis The
traveling hours from Washington to Boston are
but about thirty sevi n Allowing h df an hour
at Baltimore, Philadelphia,New lone, and Pro-
vidence, each, for exchange of mails, the time
occupied in transmiitingamail fiom Washington
to Boston would be thirty-nine hours.
This is the speed of present conveyances In
the course of m xt year it is expected that Balti-
more and Philadelphia will be connected by rail-
road, when the time occupied in passing from
city to city will not exceed six hours New
York will soon be connected \t ith Boston by
similar roads, when the time occupied between
thun w 11 not exceed fifteen hours. So that,
when a railroad line from Washington to Boston
shall be completed, a mail may pass, from the
one to the other, in, thirty-four hours at most,
and probably in a few years, from the progressive
improvements of locomotives, in less than thirty
hours.
Within the quarter of the Union embraced in
the recent letting of contracts, there are several
railroads Some of them made no offers, and
the rest demanded prices far beyond the usual
cost of transporting the mails on the same routes
heretofore, and beyond what was asked by in-
dividual citizens Anxious to give the mails the
greatest possible erpediUon between Washing-
ton and New York, the undersigned made an
effort to bring the companies, in whose hands
are the means of conveyance on that gn at line,
to act in concert with each other, and with the
Department, by which means two daily mails
might be run through that line, performing the
trip each way, and conveying passengers from
city to city, in about twenty-three hours. The
effort failed m consequence of the very heavy
compensation asked by them
t Not despairing of being able to induce the
companies to take a more enlarged view of their
own and the public interest, and to abate mate-
rially in the amount of their demands, the un-
i dersigned sent his chief clerk to confer with the
managers of all the railroads on the line, whether
finished or not, with a view to ascertain whether
any reasonable arrangements could be made with
them, present or prospective, for the conveyance
of this important mail Although the agent per-
formed the service with distinguished seal and
ability, his efforts were almost wholly fruitless.
The company owning the railroad between*
Washington and Baltimore, demanded #10,000,
or about #250 per mile, merely to haul one daily
mail from depot to depot, without other respon-
sibility, and #14,000 for two daily mads.
The companies owning the several railroads
now constructing from Baltimore to Philadelphia,
demanded #39,000, or upwards of #320 per mile,
to haul one daily mail from city to city.
The earn riawy1 owning the Camden and Amboy
road, demanded #26,000, or near #300 per mile,
for one daily mail, and #3,000 for a second.
Thecompameseomposing the upper line through
New Jersey, demanded #23*000, or abmrt #250'
per mile, for the conveyance of one daily mail,
and #8,000 for a second            '                          '     J
Aware that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post fiosdsaftnt idtotnia •i-ftepresentatives bad I
had the subject of the transportation of the maiks
on railroads under consideration at the last ses-
sion, and had unanimously proposed to restrict
the Department to seventy-five dollars per mile
for the service, and moreover, consideiing the
sums demanded disproportionate to the service,
and wholly unreasonable, the undersigned de-
termined not to accept any of tlie propositions.
To leave no means unessayed, however, to form
a satisfactory arrangement, he offered a contract
for nn n !y hauling a box containing the mail
from depot to depot, daily, to the Baltimore and
Washington Railroad Company, at #100 per mile,
which tin y promptly declined.
The undersigned does not intend to pay the
prices demanded bv theso companies, unless di-
rected to do so by those who have a right to con-
trol him. He will sooner put post-coaches or
mail-wagons on tlie old roads, and run them there
until public opinion, or the voice ot superior au-
thority, induces the associations which have been
permitted to monopolize the means of speedy
conveyance of these routes to abate in their
terms. To enable you to present the whole sub-
ject to the legislative body, a copy ot the instruc-
tions to the agent, and his correspondence with
the companies, and the subsequent correspond-
ence of the Department with them, is herewith
submitted.
The undersigned is happy to state, that mdi-
-cations of a spirit more in accordance with the
great object of public accommodation, which h«s
induced the LegislaUires of the States to sanction
the construction of these improvements by pri-
vate companies, have manifested themselves in
other quarters. The Boston and Providence
Railroad Company have intimated a willingness
to carry two daily mails between those cities,
embracing the New York steamboat mail, for
#2,000 a year, being at the rate of aboot twenty-
five dollars per mile for a single mail, and a con-
tract has been authorized.
The New Jersey Railroad Company, whose
road, when completed, Will extend from Jersey
City to New Brunswick, have offered to carry
the great mall from New York along their road,
one year, at #100 per mile, or four years at #159,
and to carry two mails for #306.
The company owning the Portsmouth and Ro-
anoke road, have contracted to carry the mail three
times a week, from Norfolk to Halifax, North
Carolina, a distance of ninety miles, for the com-
pensation paid the former contractor, which rs
ecmal to about twénty-six dollars per mile, the
mail to be conveyed on their railroad as far as
completed.
The Tuscumbta, Courtlandt, and Deeatftr Rail-
road Company have offered to carry the marl
three times a week, on their road, at the lowest
rate of post-coach transportation, in the southern
States, which amounts to about twenty-six dollars
per mile
It is conceded that th* mails carried on all these
roads, except the New Jersey road,are much less
than the great mail between Washington and New
York; but they probably bear a greater proportion
to that mail than the compensation asked for the
former service does to that offered by the Depart-
ment for the latter.
Referring to the instructions given to his agent,
for his further views in relation to the railroad
companies, the undersigned submits the question
to your disposition, and will await the instructions
of Congress as to the course hereafter to be pap-
sued with these companies, and other m-onopblie*
of like character, in ciemtraeting with which the
Department is unable to arvail itself of the spirit of
moderation superinduced by an active competí*-
t on. Indeed, the Post Office law, so far as it re-
lates to the advertising and making of contracts,
is predicated upon the expectation that there would
be a general competition for them, and does not
provide for cases where the Department has to
deal with monopolies, no such state of things
having been anticipated.
A new qu >stion Has arisen in the administration
of thw Department. A number of individúala
have established ah association in the northern
and eastern States, and raised a large sum of
money, for the purpose of effecting the immedi-
aurabolition of Slavery in the southern States,
One of the mean  retorted to has been the priht*
