188*)
APFENIHX T& THE CONFESS  3( AX GLOBE.                                         9
S4th Con«....Íst^jw*í
Repmi oftht Ptuttnaiict General
Suuate It Ho. or Re*r.
in  of a large number of newspapers-, pamphlets, I
tracts, and almanacs, containing exaggerated,
and 111 some instances, false accounts of the treat-
ment of slaves, illustrated with cuts calculated to
operate on the passions of the colored men, and
produce discontent,assassination, and servile war.
These they attempted to disseminate through-
out the slave-holding States, by the agency of the
public mails.
As soon as it was ascertained that the mails
contained these productions, great excitement
«rose, particularly ut Charleston, South Caro-
lina) and to insure the safety of the mail ia its
progress southward, the postmaster at that place
agreed to retain them m his office until he could
obtain instructions from the Postmaster General.
In reply to his appeal, he was informed that it
was a subject upon which the Postmaster Gen-
eral had no legal authority to instruct him. The
question again came up from the postmaster at
New York, who had refused to send the papers
by the steamboat mail to Charleston, South Car-
olina. He was also answered, that the Postmas-
ter General possessed no legal authority to give
instructions on the subject; but as the under-
signed had bo doubt that the circumstances of
the case justified the detention of the papers, he
did not hesitate to say so. Important principles
are involved in this question, and it merits the
grave consideration of all departments of the
Government.
It is universally conceded that our States are
united only for certain purposes. There are in-
terests in relation to which they are believed to
be as independent of each other as they were
before the Constitution was formed. The inter-
est which the people in some of the States have
m slaves is one of them. No State obtained by
the union any right whatsoever over slavery in
any other State-, nor did any State lose any of
its power over it within its own borders. On
this subject, therefore, if this view be correct,
.the States «re still independent, and may fence
round and protect their interest in slaves, by
such laws and regulations as, in their sovereign
will, they may deem expedient.
Nor have the people of one State any more
right to interfere with this subject in another
State, than they hare to interfere with the inter-
nal regulations, rights of* property, or domestic
police of á foreign nation. If they were to com-
bine and send papers among the laboring popu-
lation of another nation, calculated to produce
discontent and rebellion, their conduct would be
.good ground of complaint on the part of that
'nation; and, in case it were not'repressed by the
United States, ought be, if perseveringly per-
s.ated in, just cause of war.   The mutual obli-
fauona-of our several Stales to suppress attacks
. y their citizens on each,other's reserved rights
and interests, would «eeai to be greater, because
by entering into the Union; they have lost the
right of redress which belongs to nations wholly
independent. Whatever claim may be set up or
.maintained to aright of free discussion, within
their own borders, of the institutions and. laws
of other communities over which they have no
rightful control, few will maintain that they, have
a right, unless it be obtained by compact or
treaty  to carry on such discussions within those
communities, either orally or by the distribution
of printed papers, particularly if it be in viola-
tion of their peculiar laws, and at the hazard of
their peace and existence. The Constitution of
the United States provides that " the citizens of
.each State shall be entitled to all privileges and
.immunities of -citizens in the several_ States;"
but this clause cannot confer on the citizens of
one State higher privileges and immunities in
'. another than the citizens of the latter themselves
possess. It is not easy, therefore, to perceive
how the citizens of the northern States can pos-
sess or claim the privilege of carrying on discus-
sions within the southern States, by the distri-
bution of printed papers which the citizens of
the latter are forbidden to circulate by their own
laws.
Neither does it appear that the united States
acquired, by the Constitution, any power what-
soever over this subject, except a right to pro-
hibit the unp«.rLatiott; of slaves aft^r a certain date.
,Qn the contrary, that, jnstrus ent contains evi-
dences that one object of thessuthem States in
adopting it was to secare to themselves a more
pertect control over this interest, and cause it to
be respected by the sister States. In the exercise
of their reserved rights and for the purpose of
protecting this interest and insuring the safety of
their people, some of the States have passed laws
prohibiting, under heavy penalties, the printing
or circulation of papers like, those in question
within their respective territories. It has never
been alleged that these laws are incompatible with
the Constitution and laws of the United States.
Nor does it seem possible that they can be so,
because they relate to a subject over which the
United States cannot rightfully assume any con-
trol under that Constitution, either by law or
-otherwise. If these principles be sound, it will
follow that the State laws on tills subject are,
within the scope of their jurisdiction, the supreme
laws of the land, obligatory alike on all persons,
whether private citizens, officers of the State, «r
functionaries of the General Government.
The Constitution makes it the duty of the
United States " to protect each of the States
against invasion; and, on application of the Le-
gislature, or of the Executive, (when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened,) against domestic vi-
olence." There ia no quarter whence domestic
violence is so much to be apprehended, in some
of the States, as from the servile population,
operated upon by mistaken or designing men. It
is to obviate danger from this quarter, that many
of the State laws, in relation to the circulation of
incendiary papers, have been enacted. Without
claiming for the General Govenunent the power
to pass laws prohibiting discussions oTany sort,
as a means of protecting States from domestic
violence, it may safely be assumed, that the
United States have no right, through their officers
or departments, knowingly to be instrumental in
producing, within the several States, the very
mischief which the Constitution commands them
to repress. It would be an extraordinary con-
struction of the powers of the General Govern-
ment, to maintain that they are bound to afford
the agency of their mails and post offices, to
counteract the laws of the State , in the circu-
lation of papers calculated to produce domestic
violence; when it would, at the same time, be
■one of their most important constitutional duties
to protect the States against the ttatural, if not
necessary consequences produced .by that very
agency.
The position assumed by this Department is
believed to have produced the effect of withhold-
ing its agency, generally, in giving «imilatAoñ to
the obnoxious papers in the southern States.
Whether it be necessary moreeffectually to pre-
vent, by legislative enactments, the use of the
mails, as a, means of evading or violating the con-
stitutional laws of the States in reference to this
portion of their reserved rights, is « question
which, it appears to the undersigned, may be
submitted to Congress, upon a statement of the
faets, and their own knowledge of the public ne-
cessities!.
. The experience of the undersigned has con-
firmed his prior impressions, that the Past Office
Department requires reorganization. The ar-
-rangement of the administrative branch of the
Department is not particularly objectionable; hut
-the organization of it* finaboial branch is neither
convenient nor safe; and it may be doubted
whether it be constitutional. '              i •   ' i
It is hot convenient, because it imposes en the
-Postmaster Geneeal, whose administrative duties
are sufficient for any one man,the responsibility
of settling nearly fifty thousand accounts an-
nually, and disbursing Upwards of twe milliena
of dollars.
It is not safe, because the entire net revenue
of the Department, which now exceeds $2,000,000
annually, is by law put at the disposition of the
Postmaster General, subject to be paid over to
his check, draft, or order, without other safe-
guards than those he chooses to impose on him-
self.
It is of doubtful constitutionality, because the
Constitution requites that" no flioney shall be
drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of
■appropriations made by law;" thereby presup-
pondg.taat.ihe rtrttaaes of the Government are
first paid into the Treasury; whereas, no pan of
the tax collected from the people in postages,
amounting now to more than $3,000,000 annually,
ever appears upon the Treasury books, and it is
all expended without appropriation. If so large
a revenue may be properly raised and expended,
without going into the Treasury, by one Depart-
ment of the Government, it if not perceived why
the other Departments may not be authorized to
sustain themselves in asimilar way; thus evading
entirely the constitutional provision. The more
safe construction would seem to be, that all moneys
collected by the Government, whatever may be
the mode, shall, in the legal acceptation of the
phrase, be paid into the Treasury, to be expended
in conformity with appropriations made by Con-
gress.
There would be nothing impracticable or seri-
ously inconvenient in the application *f this prin-
ciple to the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
-ment. To effect this object, it i« not necessary
that the moneys be collected and deposited in
banks, or any other designated place, or that the
.existing system of collection should be deranged.
Almost a third of the gross revenue is absorbed
in commissions to postmasters, and the expenses
of their offices. Upon settlement of the peatmaa-
ters' Recounts, the ¡sums thus expended may be
carried to the debit and eredit of the Post Office
appropriation at the same time. The amounts
received by contractors from postmaster* may be
disposed of in Asimilar way. . The result would
be, that, although the Treasurer would have open
accounts only with the deposit banks of the Post
Office, his books would exhibit the whole amount
received from the people, and expended by the
Government, on account of the mail establish-
ment.
There is another feature in which the present
organization of the Post-Office Department is de-
fective ai>d unsafe. It is believed to be * sound
principle, that public officers who have an agency
ui originating accounts, should have none in
their settlement. The War and Navy Depart-
ments arc in general organized upon thin princi-
ple. In the orders, contracts, and i#gulations of
ihe. heads of those Departments!, or their minis-
terial subordinates, issued and made in confosm-
ity with law, accounts originate. The mpnej^s
are generally paid by another s«t of agents,,but
partially dependent on the heads ©f the Depart-
ments; and the accounts aronnajly settled oy ft
third set, who are wholly independent; of then*.
If, from any .cause, an illegal expenditure be di-
rected by the head of a Department, it is the duty
of the disbursing- agent not to pay the, ¡money;
and if .hedoes pay it, it is the duty of the Audit-
or  and Comptrollers to reject the item in the set-
tlement of his account. But the Postmaster Gen-
eral • practically unites_ these, three functions in
Jlis own person. He, issues orders, makes can-
tracts and regulations, producing the expend-
iture of .mpney, settles the accounts, and pays
the money. Although he is required to reuq^í-a
quarterly account to the Treasury, to be settled
.as other public accounts.aw  tins requisition l>a*
long ceased to constitute any practical, check
upon him,nor can it ever be otherwise under the
existing system. •   , .   .                                   ■   •
Herewith is submitted a printed pamphlet, ex-
hibiting! the interior organization ,of the Post
Office Department  as it now cxi*ta. The most
important imnrovenien^requiredis to separatetne
settlement of, accounts entirely from the Post
Qffice Denarinaeniy-^nd vest it in anAnditor an-
.noioited By the President with the advice ,and
¿ansentof }he Senate, whose dutiea shaW.  gen-
eral correspond with those assigned to the ac-
countant under the present organization.   ,    •
The Postmaster General would then be placed
on a similar footing with the o^her.head  of Ds-
nartments. His power over the funds of the De-
partment should extend only to a superintendence
over tie rendition of accounts, to prescribing the
manner in which postmasters shall pay over their
balances, to making drafts for the collection and
transfer of PostOlSce funds, to wsuiruj warrants
on the Treasury for the purpose of paypig balances
retwrted to be due by the Auditor, and making
advancesin special cases. The remaining portion
of his duties would be those of a ministerial char-
^ter, now j^rf^ne^upo . his responsibility,
