10
APPÜMBÜX T£> THE, OOKQRESSIOÜíM-'afcOlE.
[Deceitkat 1
Mrk GoNO^.lST.Scafc
Report ttfikt Postmaster General.
Srau** fit Ho. ok JRKP
g.
modified by salutary restrictians upon his discre- |
tion.                                                                       I
" To enable him to exercise an effectual sapervis-
ion over postmasters and contractors, a third As- i
^utaiitshould be given to die Department. These |
services have almost doubled since a second As-
-sntant was added, and have been recently ex-
tended, making them too onerous to be performed
by tyro Assistants, however distinguished for
their tndustry and devotion to the service. More-
over, these duties are constantly increasing, and
wdl he greatly enlarged by the extension of mail
•service which ia anticipated within the coming
year. If the United States were, for this purpose,
divided into three divisions, and an Assistant
-assigned to each, the stations would still.be among
the most laborious and responsible in the Govern-
ment.
- ■ Three Assistant , on the footing of Auditors
-as to salaries, with eight clerks each; a chief clerk
Oil ¡the footing  f chief clerks in the other Depart-
ments; twelve clerks for other miBCeUaneotLs du-
ties, including the dead-letter serviee; an agent to
-superintend the Post Office building and property,
'and attend to purchases of sfcitionery, furniture,
■Ac. ;a messenger, an assistant messenger, a labor-
-er, and two watchmen, would constitute a force
Willi which the ministerisil duties of the Depart-
ment could be performed with comfort, prompti-
tude, and efficiency.
The Auditor 's-ojiee wauld be the most exten-
sive and laborious accounting office in the Gov-
ernment,' «Meriting corresponding provision in
elerks*ndsalaries. Lik*othera«ditor#,hie should
here a chief clerk for general duties. The ex-
amination -of postmaster*' accounts, amounting
to about $48,OO0annEKilly ,-scehting out errofs, and
other attendant ser\ ices, constitute a severe duty,
*nd requires eighteen clerks. The registration
-<if postmasters 'accounts, after examination, and
Tfeeping the ledgers of the Department, requires
eight clerks. To keep the pay books, see that
postmasters pay ore  their balances *nd return ,
"the reeeipts, and prepare contractors' accounts '
(or settlement, requires -nine clerks. To collect
balances from farmer postmaster  and others,
make out statements of the accounts, and super-
intend suits and prosecutions, requires at present
«crew clerks.   Over each of these considerable
services rendered in pursuance of some preexist-
ing law, contract, or lawful regulation, and a
small contingent appropriation were assigned to
the Postmaster General, like those made to the
service of the other Departments, to meet neces-
sary expenditures, which cannot be foreseen or
provided for by contract or regulation.
Essential improvements might be made, as is
believed, in some portions of the kw regulating
the details of duty assigned to the Postmaster
General, particularly as to the making of con-
tracts. Additional precautions are necessary
against irresponsible bidding, and to prevent
combinations injurious to the Department. If
bidders were required in all cases  to furnish the
-names of responsible securities with their bids,
who should be bound from the date of accept-
ance, it would prevent the bids of worthless men
and mere speculators, which now produce great
inconvenience to the Department, and sometimes
serious loss. And if, on the othtr hand, combr-
nations- to prevent competition were punishable
by perpetual exclusion from the service of the
Department, it would, it is believed, ha-ve an ex-
-oellent effect on its interests, as well as on the
characters of its contractors.
It is worthy of consideration, whether it
would not be expedient to change the rates of the
letter postage, making them conform to the na-
tional currency, in gradations of five, ten, fifteen,
twenty, twearty-dve and thirty cents  Such a
provision would save almost half the tabor now
required in the examination of accounts in the
Departmental ! prevent numberless errors. It
would also much .simplify the system, if the
xnnsaberof miles to which these ratas should ap-
ply, were doubled at c«ch increase of rate from
the lowest to the highest.
There have been so many changes in mail
routes since their original establishment, that it is
now difficult, if not impracticable, to trace them
from their origin in the law, through all muta-
tions, down to their present condition. It would
contribute greatly to the convenience of the De-
partment if they were all reestablished in one
act, with such alterations raid additions, as the
accommodation of the public may require, and
the interest of the Department admit. A portion
of the surplus- revenue will be required to make
branches of duty there must be, as<at present, a j improvements on existing routes; bnt, it is be.
principal clerk, for whom liberal provision should  ' i;—J   *k-  n«—-*-~-* —   «r.. .^,,, ;----„,„..
be made. 'It is but just to the gentlemen em-
ployed in this arduous portion of the puMie ser-
Tke, to any, that their compensation, in general,
wmtpwretl witft that given in other Departments
«if the-Government, has hitherto been diepropor-
tioned to the labor required of them,una, as to
"married m«n, inadequate* id the suppori of their
families, and the education of their children. To
complete the drgaffteauon of that office, there
must be also a messenger and one assistant mes-
senger.
The proposed reorganization would somewhat
reduce the number of person  employed in the
business of the Post Office, by rendering useless
'the clerks now occupied in making out the Post-
master General's accounts tor the Treasury, as
also the clerks employed In -examining them in
the Fifth Auditor's office, if not also thosein the
"Comptroller's office, assignee to the same duty.
The utility of requiring all the 'Post Office ac-
counts to be reported to the Comptroller', is not
perceived. It would perhaps promote íhé ends
of justice and operate as a saMtary check upon
¿he Auditor, if an appeal were aHowWd to the
"Comptroller, at 'the instance of the claimant or
"Póstmastef General; should either, in any case,
be dissatisfied with his decision..
If the business of the Fost Office Department
Vrere thus organized, it mighf be required of the
Postmaster General to furmslf to Congress, annu-
ally, specific estimates; setting forth thé Sumé ex-
pected to be required under each head of genéuál
account now lappeariiifg on the books, and arty
others that Congress1 iroght require to be opened;
and after obtaining aiiapproBfiation of the.aggre-
' gate for the support of the Post Office establish-
ment, not to exceed the current reyehtie, to ren-
der an account at the next session, of (he aihount
expended for each purpose specified'in fiih esti-
mates. It would be a further'improvement, if
"éñ Tdtowancés-were prohibited, other than for
lievod, the Department can, without inconve-
nience, put -into operation tttsw routes, not ex-
ceeding in cost $300,000 a year, as soon as they
can be established, and the necessary arrange-
ment* made.
The aid of legÁslatiori is required to close,
equitably, some of the old claims «gainst the De-
partment. Various demands exist for services
rendered by authority of the Department, in a
measure sanctioned by «sage, which, though to
some extent last, ewnwot, in the opinion of the
undtrsTgned, be adjusted and paid without the
sanction ©f Congress. It is hoped that power
wiay be rested hi the Auditor,if one be created,
-with th* sanction of the Comptroller, to settle
these claims upon principles of justice and equi-
ty^, or, if this course be not deemed .expedient,
that Congress will provide some other means for
their speedy adjustment.
Th* undersigned cannotclo.se th'wcsmmunica-
tiou without paying an hu*vbie tribute to the
worth of a patriot and friend—the late Postmaster
General. It nay be said of him, as (he head of
this Department, that the reason he had not a
batter fortune wa s that he was to  good * man.
in other position*, and -under other circurü-
stances, he would have been xsaie of the greatest
«ad roost useful, m he was one of the best and
«•at highly endowed, of our public aien. Having
for more than twenty years been acquainted whh
Mrj Barry (and beenhonored with his friendship;
knowing hi  prívate worth.his lore of country,
and his disinterestedness; and having always
had an abiding confidence in has integrity and
-honor, it would b* to the undersigned a source
of lasting regret," rf anything said or done by
him, in the administration of this Department,
should"fcmiundenrtood as intended or calculated
to depreciate his virtues, or «asp a stain upon his
-memory.
.1 have «foe honor to bet yow obedient servant,
,    .. i   u '              AMOS KENDAUL.
Postmaster General'I Intfritctians to the d^tnt to
negotiate with the Railroad Compmnies.
Post Office Department,
October 31, 1335.
Sm: It is important for the business of the
•country, and essential to the interests of the Post
Office Department, that the public mails should
be transported by the most speedy means of con-
veyance which modern improvements afford. To
give them the utmost practicable degree of use-
fulness, they should travel on all the main routes
by night and by day, stopping only nt the most
important offices, and there only long enough to
be exchanged, leaving it to the ordinary mails to
supply other offices on the main as well as the
diverging and less important routes.
By liberal arrangements with the railroad
-companies these objects may, within a short
peHod, be accomplished on the great line running
from Washington through Baltimore and Phila-
delphia to New York, and probably to Boston.
That the railroad companies have an interest
in carrying travelers through with all possible
expedition, is abundantly evident to every man
who has witnessed the increase of travel within
the last few years, and contemplated its causes.
No people appreciate more highly economy in
time than the people of the United States.
In general, when they start on a journey, they
hurry to its end ki the shortest possible tinle,
without regard to the dangers and discomforts
Which may «wait them in traveling. By exist-
ing arrangements between Washington and the
North, travelers are obliged 10 stop in the large
cities, where their tavern bills liear a large pro-
portion to the entire expense of transportation.
If they had the means of passing onward and
saving theer" heavy bills ( as well as tho tin*; lost
while ineumng them, multitudes would travel
who now are not able to afford it, and the receipts
of the railroad companies would probably be
doubled.
The time newoeCHpied in travelingfrom Wash-
ington to Baltimore is about two hour* and n half.
We are informed that by the 1st of November,
1836, a railroad will be completed from Philadel-
phia to Baltimore, upon which the mails niny run
through in five hours. Allowing one hour for
change of mails, Ac., in Baltimore, the mail may
then go through to Philadelphia from Wash-
ington in less than nine houi . When the con-
tinuous railroad communication through New
Jersey shall be completed, it may run through
to New York in six hours, which, allowing an
-hour's delay in Philadelphia, will give a mail from
Washington to'New Yotk in eighteen hours. If
the means of conveyance through New Jersey
shall remain as at present, it may be carried
through in nineteen, or at most twenty hours.
Through Long Island Sound, from New York to
Providence, it may now be carried with much
regularity in sixteen hours, and two hours and a
half more will bring it to Boston by the Boston
and Providence railroad. Allowing onehoirr's
delay in New York, and a half an hour in Provi-
dence, and we have a mail carried from Wash-
ington to Boston, a distance of five hundred and
thirty-six mifes, in about forty hours.
By a liberal arrangement with the several com-
panies in possession of the means of communi-
cation upon thai line, this object might now be
accomplished in forty-two hours; and as soon as
we have an uninterrupted chain of railroad be-
tween the principal «ities, the time may be greatly
reduced.
It is- unquestionably the interest of the Depart-
ment to prefer contracting with those companies
which can furnish uninterrupted railroad land
transportation; for in that case theinconvenienee,
irregularity, and expense, of shifting from or-j
line to another, upon the efiange of weather am-.
seasons, would be avoided. You are, therefore,
requested to wait upon the president and other
managers of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, and apprise them of the earnest desire
of the Department to make an arrangement with
them for the transportation of the principal mail
between Washington and Baltimore on terms
which shall be satisfactory to all parties, and
promises to be permanent. You will press upon
them the idea, which is undoubtedly justified by
all reasoning and experienco, that the  own
