1995.]
AW tíÑt>Í3t ^ T«É CttNGRESiSfcHtfrtt,1 1&DB&
ti
24th Coito..1..!«¡t Sésil'
Rtpiort frm €>mmi sitmer of Gmerál Land t?Jfee.
Senate- b Hd: ©r Rtrfc 
interest is deeply involved in giving to the mails '
and to travelers the promptest possible convey-
ance between the two cities, and promise them
that the stage Unes run by contractors of the De-
partment, and terminating in the two cities, shall
be made to connect with their lines of cars at the
most convenient hours of departure.
The specific propositions to be made by you
must be It ft very much to your discretion. The
following suggestions, however, may be found
useful:
If the railroad company will agree to run a train
of cars at such hours as may accommodate and
expedite the mail, it is the desire of the Depart-
ment to impose as little responsibility upon them
as possibk. If they will inclose, in a strong and
substantial manner, a portion of their baggage car,
or some other car, to be devoted exclusively to
the mails, the Department will cause them to be
placed in it at one depot, and taken out at the
other, without requiring anything from the com-
pany in the way of service or responsibility, but
to haul it from the one to the other. In that event,
it would be proposed that a strong lock should be
placed on the apartment, to which only the post-
masters at Washington and Baltimore should have
keys, so that the mail should not be accessible to
any one between the two depots.
Or, the Department will furnish a strong fire-
proof box or chest, 90 constructed that it may be
readily transferred from a wagon to a car prepared
for the purpose, into which tie entire mails shall
be put and locked up at one post office, not to be
molested or opened between the two cities, which
■hall be delivered and received at the depots of the
road, without any service or responsibility on the
• part of the company, beyond the transportation
from one depot to the other. Or, if wheels can be
constructed which can be used alike upon the rail-
road and the streets of the cities respectively, then
the Department will furnish an entire car, con-
taining the mails to be delivered at one depot and
received at the other, asking nothing of the com-
pany but to haul it from the one to the other.
"Y ou will ascertain for what additional charge
they will undertake themselves to transport this
box or car between the post offices and their de-
, pots—pressing this arrangement as the one which
' would De most acceptable to the Department.^
You will earnestly press upon them the im-
mense importance to the entire business of the
country  of having the mails on the main routes
of which their road constitutes a part, travel
by night as well as by dav.as already suggested;
and if they cannot be induced, without a com-
penaation which the Department cannot afford
to pay, to run a night line, then you are instructed
to solicit from them for the Department, the priv-
ilege of putting on. 4* road a locomotive, for
the sole purpose of carrying the-roail, with asuit-
, able guard. It is believed «>at the_ importance of
' the object will induce the public-spirited men who
manage this concern to permit the Government,
for a suitable consideration, to use their road for
a purpose so useful to their fellow-citizens, at
hours when they may- Ito* t&ink proper to use it
themselves.
It is not deemed necessary to press upon them
any supposed rights which the Government may
hava to use railroads owned by private companies
for public purposes, allowing such compensation
as may be fixed, in a way to be pointed out by
Congress-.   Yet it May be useful to call their
'«ttention to that paint.  The GerutKutkm coalers
■ «a CoogTMS the power *' to establish post offces
aj>A post roads." So far asttrespsets roads, this
delegation of power has been construed to mean
• that Congress may designate the roads e* which
the mails shall be carried.   To this construction,
the practice of the Government has hitherto con-
formed.   Congress have designated the roads on
which 0 aiU shall be carried, embracing State
. roads, county roads,,township roads, streets of
cities, and turnpike roads belonging to private
companies.    Penalties are prescribed by law for
'obstructing the mails upon these roads; and a
preference is given to the horses and vehicles b'y
which they are conveyed.
None ofthose horses or vehicles can be stopped,
not even by the law process of the States for the
•debts of thgir owners, while actually employed
in the" conveyance oT the mails.
These laws are based upon the unquestionably
sound principle, that when a power is clearly
delegated by the Constitution to the General Gov-
ernment, it is not within the constitutional rights
of any State, or company, or individual, to pre-
vent or obstruct its execution.
Railroads differ from turnpikes owned by pri-
vate companies only in the fact that in the former
case the companies own the means of conveyance
as well as the road; but if established under the
authority of Congress as post-roads, is it possible
for those companies to prevent the carrying of
the mail upon them? If they attempt to do so,
either directly or by running their cars at incon-
, venient hours jOr by asking an unreasonable price,
may not the Department fulfill the law and ac-
complish its object by placing locomotives upon
the road for the purpose of conveying the mail,
to which everything else must give place ? If it
be not so, and if these railroad companies m*y
refuse to carry the mails at the hours required in
the execution of the laws, or may, by any means,
direct or indirect, prevent their transportation,
then may they obstruct, if not defeat, one of the
powers unquestionably delegated to Congress.
For it must be apparent to the most casual ob-
server, that if the mails are driven from the rail-
roads and obliged to depend on stage or horse
transportation on the main routes, they will soon
cease to be of any considerable value, and this
important and useful branch of the Government
will sink into contempt.
You are not desired to assume the position in-
dicated by this argument; but you may find it
useful to present it for consideration, with all the
grounds which occur to you in its support, taking
care to assure the company that the Department
is anxiously desirous to avoid all such questions
now and forever, by a permanent arrangement
for the transportation of the mails which shall
not be liable to any just exceptions, either on the
part of the Government or the company. In dis-
cussing the amount which ought to be allowed
'for the transportation of the mail, you will not
¡ forget to avail yourself of the fact, that the great
I object of chartering the railroad by the State was
I to cheapen transportation of every kind, and that
nothing hae higher claims to that advantage than
the mails of the United States, in which are in-
volved the interest of millions. You will know
how to amplify this argument, and all others
which have been suggested. Nor will you for-
get to press the fact, that at the last session of
Congress the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads in the House of Representatives, by a
unanimous vote, inserted a clause in the bill for
reorganizing the Post Office establishment, re-
stricting the Department to $75 per mile for rail-
'road transportation of the maijs; and represent
that we cannot venture to exceed that hmk to
any great. exten£. You are requested to use the
utmost frankness in your communications and
discussions with the company; to make them
sensible that the Department desires nothing
which is unreasonable; that it seeks only that
which w5ltpromote the interest ol the public,
and enhance the prosperity of our common coun-
try; and that, ¡n seeking after those results, it is
ready to contribute liberally, but not extrava-
gantly, to the profit of a company which has
done so much in facilitating the means of inter-
course and trade betweta our associated commu-
nities.
You will by no means consider yourself as re-
stricted to the propositions or arguments herein
suggested; butyou will propose any otlierarrange-
ment which intercourse with the company may
suggest to you, subject to the ratification of the
Department; and you will use such arguments
as, may occur, consistent with reason and truth, to
effect the object of your mission.   Having com-
Éeted your business with the Baltimore and Ohio
ailroad Company, you will visit the president
and other managers of the railroad from Philadel-
phia, through Wilmington, to Baltimore, and by
urging similar propositions and views, endeavor
to form a prospective contract with them, subject
to the approval of the Department, for the con-
veyance of the great mail on their roa4, when it
shall be completed. No change occurs to me as
necessary in the proposition suggested other than
thai the postmaster at Wilmington should have a
key to the box or car in which the mail shall be
transported, that he may there open it and ex-
change mails.
If no satisfactory arrangement can be made with
the managers of this road, then you will inquire
into the practicability of making an arrangement
with the managers of the railroad said to be in
progress to connect the road from Philadelphia to
Columbia, with the city of Baltimore, when that
road shall be completed.
Having finished your inquiries and discussions
on those routrs, you will proceed to New Jersey,
and open similar negotiations with the managers
of the road from Philadelphia to Trenton, and
through, by New Brunswick, to New York, it
is thought a preference should be given to that
over the Amboy route, because, in avoiding all
steamboat or water transportation, it is likely to
afford a more regular and certain means of con-
veyance. For the sake of uniformity, as well as
safety, it is desirable that the same plan of send-
ing the mails in a separate box or car, should be
here also adopted. If a portion of the trans-
portation be upon the turnpike from Trenton to
New Brunswick, the mail box may be readily
transferred from the railroad car to a carriage
constructed to receive it, and at the end of the
turnpike again transferred to the railroad car, so
that the mail shall not be exposed or disturbed.
A t Trenton and New Brunswick the postmasters
may have keys and exchange mails.
If no satisfactory arrangement can be made on
(his route, then you will confer with the managers
of the Amboy road, and if practicable make an
arrangement with them. If these companies
cannot be induced to run a night-line, then you
will ascertain for what compensation they will
transport the great mail by day, and also for
what compensation they will carry a second mail
between the two cities. But in all your negotia-
tions with these companies, as well as those
already adverted to, you are particularly in-
structed to .ascertain whether they will carry a
mail by'night, and on What terins, and what dif-
ference they will make between carrying the
freat mail by night and by day, and also what
ifference they will make for carrying a second
or small mail m the same manner.
Having finished your negotiation* in New Jer-
sey, you will pfoceed to New York, and confer
freely with the* president ami managers of úte
Boston and Providence feaHroad Company, with
a view to a contract with that company éwrttig
steamboat navigation to carry from New York
the entire eastern mail distributed at Providence
and Boston. Here, also, let the same secure
mode of conveyance be suggested.
Youare further instructed to inquire of each of
the railroad companies with which you may con-
fer, for what sum of money, paid in hand, they
will undertake to convey the mails onee perday,
and for what Sum twice per day, at sfutn hours
as may from time to time be prescribed by the
Department during the continuance of their re-
spective charters. Yott wiH apprise mem that
this inquiry is -made with a view, if their terms
be reasonable, to ask Congress for an appropria-
tion to purchase the freedom of tfceir roads for
the United States mails, ff it be found imprac-
ticable or inconvenient for you to finish yo#r
negotiations with any company on your outward
trip, then yoo can pttt them in train, and com-
plete tiern on your return.'                          '
It hi desirable that this service be condaéed
with aS practicable expeVirne*. Ywk will from
time to time report progress.^ __,Tv«r r
Very respectfully,       AMOS lCPfiDAMi.
P. S. LopcHBOROtjGH, Esq.   .                  ,
Communicated to Congrets December 8, 1835.
GeseRal Laud OrricE, December 5, 1835.
Sir: I have the honor herewith to transmit
statements exhibiting the operutionsof the seve-
ral land offices during the year JOT, and the
first, second, and third quarters of the year l«3o,
indicating the quantity of land sold—the amount
of cash and script received in payment therefor—
the   amount of incidental expenses—and   the
