18S5:>
AJPPGItOIX TO THE1 COWGHSBEIOriAliOTJCWBK
m
34th Cong...'.Ist Sess.
x'\Rt$orl:frmm Cmmkiiw*r+fSkiáia*<Affk¡Ttp <' '  fiu- S«s*tlE fe H^or Rcts.
The united nation of the Chippewa, Ottawa, I
and Potta**ntomi Indians having, by the treaty
of 1*33 and 1834, coded to the United States the <
lands in Illinois and Michigan, west of and l e-
twfi-n the lake and the lands previously ceded
liv the Winnebago and other indiana, the sur-
iryor general was instructed, in August last, to
have that portion of the cession aitnnte in Michi-
gan run off into townships; and since that time
he lias been instructed to have those townships
subdivided. The survey of this cession, and of
some of the adjoining townships, in the previous
cessions, will not only complete the eurveys in
this district, but of all the lands between Lake
Michigan attd the Mississippi, which have been
ceded "to the Government.
In rtil«ob.
In this State the office is advised of the survey
of ninety-eijjht tow uships and fractional town-
ships, eiubtacini the v hole of the Pottawatomi
cessuon of 20th October, 1832, and such portions
of the adjacent cessions as had not been surveyed,
tlius completing the surveys in the Danville dis-
trict and m the southern part of the Chicago dis-
trict. The whole of these surveys can be brought
into market during the next spring.
In the northwestern land dis'.riet, the surveyor
genera! has contracted for the survey of all the
lands north of the old Indian boundary,and west
of the extension of the third principal meridian,
into townships, and for the subdivision of a por-
tion of those townships in to sections; and although
the office is not advised of the number of town-
ships which will be prepared for market in that
part of the district during the next year, yet it
may be safely calculated that sufficient progress
wUl kavc been made to ^ admit of one or more
public sales. Instructions were given to the sur-
veyor general in August last to hayp that portion
of the lands ceded by the treaty of 1833 and 1834,
with the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomi
Indians, which, is situated in Illinois, run off into
townships, and he has been since directed to
subdivide those townships into sections, prepara-
tory to their being brought into market.
An appropriation of $o00 having been made at
the last session of Congress for surveying the
confirmed lots of Peona, the necessary instruc-
tions were given to the surveyor general to carry
the act into effect.
J  Minora-i.
Tn the northern part of the State, the office is
advised that the surveyor general has contracted
for the svrvey of the exterior lines of about one
hundred and thirty-eight townships, and for the
subdivision of thirty of those townships. The
surveyor general has also informed the office of
his having contracted for running the exterior
lines of about one hundred and eighty-nine town-
ships^principallyupon the waters of the Osage
and Grand rivers, and adjoining the surveys!
already made.
An appropriation of $20,000 hating" been made '
in 1834, for surveys in the southwest part of the
State, the surveyor general has been engaged in '
executing surveys in that section of the State,
and the whole of the amount appropriated for
that object baa been remitted to him for their
payment; but as yet it is not in the power of
this office  to  say what number  of townships"
have been surveyed, or «tate the precise' time
when they can be brought into market, although,
it is confidently expected 'flfat the wishes of the
settlers will  be  complied with, "by proclaiming
some of those lands during the next season.
In the SUUt qf Louisiana.
The information derived from the surveyor
general enajMeirme U  say tharby the middle of
March next there will be about two hundred and
forty-eight townships and fractional townships
surveyed and returned, Which have1 not been pro-
claimed for sale. Some of these townships woul*
h*vé been offered during the preeeht year, if the
land offices had not been again opened, by the
act of the 6th February hut, for the investigation
and decision oi the private claim* to land in that
State, and the consequent apprehension that dif-
ficulties might arise front offering these land* for
aaie during the period in which individuals are7
attmd *• Wring fetward their «Mm*. >, If,f *•*-
ever, the office can satisfactorily ascertain that
any portion of those lands can be offered, without
the risk of interfering with such alleged claims,
such lands will be brought into market during
the next year.                                                              j
In Mississippi.
The office of the surveyor for the public lands
in this State having necessarily been closed since
the termination of the last session of Congress,
no surveys are known to have been made dtiring
the present season It is estimated, however,
that only about forty townships are now required
to be surveyed, to complete the survey of the
lands ceded by the Choctaw treaty of 1830.
From the representations which have been
made to this office, it is greatly to be apprehended
that such numerous errors have been committed,
many years ago, in locating and surveying the'
confirmed private claims in that part of the Au-
gusta district south of the thirty-first degree-j^
latitude, as to render it indispensably necessary
that the subject should be examined *by the land
officers and the surveyor general, in order that
the nature and extent of those errors might be
correctly ascertained, and instructions had been
given to them in relation thereto, when the closing
of the surveyor's office prevented any progress
being made in such examination. Whenever the
office is filled, the surveyor general will be re-
quired to go on with the examination.
In that part of the State included m the limits
of the Chickasaw cession of 1832, and where the
operations are carried on tinder the directions of
a surveyor general specially provided for by the
treaty, it is believed that almost the whole of the
operations in the field will be completed during
the present season, with the exception of some
townships in the Mississippi swamp, and of such
of the lands bordering on the line between that
cession and the Choctaw cession of 1830, as could
not be surveyed in consequence of that line not
being run tind marked; but as the surveyor gen-
eral has been advised of the course of the line,
and has directed to have it surveyed, it maybe
expected that the whole surveys will be completed
during the next year.
1                                I  Jlkbama.
I     In this State all the ceded lands, with the excep-
tion of some townships south of the thirty-first
i  degree, and of some bordering -upon the unde-
cided boundary between this State and the State
of Georgia, have been surveyed.
Owing to the complaints which had been made
i respecting the surveys of the lota in the city of
Mobile, and of the claim*adjacent thereto, and in
consequence of the great value of the property in
question, it was thought advisable that ¿lie sur-
veyor general should personally examine the sub-
ject, and have the surveys corrected under his own
immediate superintendence, and he therefore de-
voted a part of the last winter and spring to the-
aeoompJisument of that duty, which it is hoped
has new bee  correcdy and satisfactorily per-
formed.             •     „ > .
I - Florida. ;
The nrrcyt trf the public lands in We* Flor-
ida having been almost entirely completed, the
attention of the surveyor general for the last year
haw been principally directed to the extension of
those in the peninsula, and along the Atlantic
border of East Florida; but in consequence of the
nature of the country on each side of the. tract
formerly reservad for the Seminóte Indian , but
which was ceded U *he United Slater by the.
treaty of the 9th May, 1833, it has bee  thought
advisable to extend the extensión of the surveys
in that section «f the country, until the Indiana
shall be removed under (he provisions of the
treaty1. This suspension will not, beware , cause
any inconvenience' to the public, a* it wM enable-
the surveyor general to prepaid for market thoer
surveyswhich have already beet  made, and which
the reported sickness of bwderkfr and want of aádí
in his office, has heretofore prevented him from
doing.
- During the last season a survey of the con*
firmed chums and of the public property in  the
city of St. Augustine, we* nwde under the pro-'
visions of the act of «he 28th June, 1832.
ht Jfrktíntm.
By1Wlmntóofc%ee*iveé fr%nV'tKéí*uTv%y<*>
general, it appears that about eighty-five town 
ships and fractional toivnships have been sur-
veyed, of which the plats have not been reoeived
at "this office, and that about sixty-four town-
ships and fractional townships were under con-
tract for subdivision into sections. Some of these
lands will be offered for sale during the next year.
Not only as showing the nature of the work
contemplated to be performed during the next
season in' the different districts, and for which
appropriations are now asked, but also the man-
ner in which it has been found absolutely neces-
sary to apply the appropriations heretofore made
for extra aid, in the offices of the surveyors gen-
eral, I beg leave to refer to the accompanying
reports from those officers.
The paper G, herewith transmitted, is a state-
ment showing the amount of forfeited land stock,
issued and surrendered at the United States land
offices, to the 30th of September, 1835; also the
amount of military land scrip surrendered to the
same period.
The paper H is an exhibit of the periods to
which the monthly accounts of the registers and
receivers of the public land offices have been
rendered, and showing the balance of cash in the
receivers'hands, at the dateof the last monthly
accounts current, and the period to which the re-
ceivers' quarterly accounts have been rendered.
The act of Congress of 3d March last, second
section, appropriates an additional quantity Of
land for the satisfaction of warrants granted by
the State of Virginia to the officers, soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines of her State and continental
establishments, during the revolutionary war, to
the amount of six hundred and fifty thousand
acres; and provided that, if, on the 1st September,
1835, the amount of Warrants filed should exceed
the amount of ¡and so appropriated, the commis-
sioner should apportion the said six hundred and
fifty thousand acres of land among the warrant 
"which may be then on file, in full satisfaction
thereof."
The amount of warrants filed on 1st Septem-
ber last so far exceeded the quantity of huid
appropriated by the law, as to require the redac-
tion of ten per cent, from the nominal amount
of each warrant. The scrip has been ordered to
be prepared accordingly, and considerable preg1
rem has been made in the issue.
I hate the honor to be, sir, with great respect,
your obedient «errant,
ETHAN A. BROWN.
Hon. Levi Woobbv/rt,
Secretory of the Treasury.
Report frena the Cwmmlsslotaer oT ladlari 
Affairs.
W*H DiMR/TMEirT,
■ Ornee Ivwaw Affairs, Ab . 24, 1835.
■ St*: In compliance with yeur order of the 4*b
September-last, I have had the honor to present
an estimate of the amount required by the Cont-i
missioner of Indian Affairs for the ensuing year?
also the estimated amount of current expense*
of the Indian Department for the same period,
exclusive of the expensed of emigrations and also
an estimate of the sums required for the payment
of annuities due to individual Indians, and India*
tribes, and for the fulfillment 6f treaty stipulations'
for Ihe coming year. Those estimates were re-
ferred to in eevernf papéis thffi submitted, «Mtf
marked A, B, and C.                                      '
Such other statement  as might see   *£ >■<
port with th^ spirit of your requisition, a** here-
with added, for the purpose of ewnmuitteatirig
spec.Hie details of our Indian concerns, under the
superintendence of this Department.                 '
írt"thé paper marked D, will be*Jourtd the
amount drawn front the .Ti-éaSW*,^J**}***
for disbursement, under the dnfeftnt heads of
appropriation for the first three quarter* of the
«resent year; also the amount of the *efcewnt#
rendered for the corresponding period, under
their respective heads, together with the -balance 
remaining to be accounted for, according to the
books of this office. The remittances for dis-
bursement form a sum total,-as there appears, of
«.075,693 66; accounts have'been rendered for
Síe amount t f «817,938- 3S,< *£ «f "2J 5
¿BB;«6 31 * elff odt." I* He  4* the Mads of
