1835.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H
*24th Cong....1st Sess.        Abolition of Slavery in I}iitrict of Columbia—-Mr. J. Garland.
Ho. of Reps.
hand—pictures and cuts representing southern
mi 'land southern \v omen in the most odiousand
di--?ustin* form u hich it is possible for human
in;> mutv and devilish purpose to invent. [The
pnpt r Mr G held m his hand was a huge sheet,
pr.nted on one side, and illustrated with cuts
representing the pretended cruelties inflicted on
the nesroes of the South ] The authors of such
papers are cold-hearted, base, and malignant
Itbelers and calumniators, and deserve the bitter-
est execrations of every good and patriotic heart
—they should be scouted from society.
But, Mr Speaker, we are called upon to dis-
tinguish between these petitioners for the abolition
of slavery within the District of Columbia, and the
Abolitionists who are members of the societies.
Sir, I cannot distinguish between them. I wish
I could honestly. I know not one of these Aboli-
tionists. I know nothing: about them, and can-
not therefore say anything against their personal
character. But m relation to the schemes of the
Abolitionists, and the designs of these petitioners,
I have this remark to make, that I cannot distin-
guish between, the denl and those tcho do his wmks.
Thev are all equally seeking abolition. Thev
have the same common object; and, mark me, if
these petitioners should receive countenance by
this House, we shall find many of them —ay,
sir, I fear all of them—soon ranking in the same
association, and pursuing the same reckless
schemes together. They have a common object,
a common purpose, to effect. Did not the
gentleman from Vermont himself preach to us
about the evils of slavery, and the universal
rights of man, and our duties to the African
race' Did he not openly avow himself an Aboli-
tionist to a greater extent than asked for in this
memorial' Did he not declare slavery a sin
against Heaven, the effect of which would be,
although not avowed, to send every slaveholder
to perdition, your Washington among the rest'
I listened to the gentleman, and I cannot think I
mistook the purport of his language. Sir, these
Abolitionists (I class them altogether) have excit-
ed a feeling of alarm in the South which cannot
easily be quieted. The safety of our wives and
our children is endangered by their mischiev ous
and incendiary attempts to produce a servile in-
surrection amona: our slaves. But, oh, says the
gentleman from Vermont, you are in no danger;
all will be effected peaceably and quietly' Sir,
will the gentleman permit us to judge for our-
selves J We are in the very midst of the slave
population, while he is securely sheltered behind
the ramparts of the Green Mountains of the north.
He can neither see nor hear nor feel the danger
with w hich we are beset, because he knows and
feels he is secure from the effects of it, came how
and when it may. The gentleman, therefore,
will excuse us when we express our own appre-
hensions and feelings on this subject, because we
best know our own situation.
But, sir, these beautiful printsand these devilish
pamphlets are not the only firebrands attempted
to be circulated among us. These very memo-
rials themselves, coming here in the midst of all
this excitement and alarm, hypocritically canting
about the piracy and tyranny of slave-owners,
have the very same tendency. Gentlemen may
conceal it from themselves, but I tell them the
tendency is the same—ay, and the design is the
same. Why, sir, the Abolitionists, from whom
gentlemen seem so anxious to separate these pe-
titioners, are now laughing in their sleeves, and
openly too, that they have allies who, by a dif-
ferent route, are indirectly laboring to achieve
the same object with themselves, and who give
respectability to their designs. Yes, the aid they
receive in this way stimulates them to exertion,
and animates them to hasten the approach of the
final catastrophe they are themselves seeking to
bringabout. Every movementmade in this House
for the abolition of slavery wxthm the District
is a stepping-stone to the Abolitionists to mount
up to their uork,and encourages them to seek
the accomplishment of their purposes. They
who tell us that these memorials only look to the
District of Columbia, tell us what cannot be
«redned. If their object was to be limited to the
District alone, to free the slaves here, the success
would net be worth the exertion, and we should
•Ml nothing about it.                                               1
No. 2
There is another reason, Mr. Speaker, why
the House should adopt a more direct and deci-
sive course now than heretofoie, growing out of
the reasons I have just offered, and it is this: the
continuance of debate on this subject is calculated
to encourage, if not to excite, the slaves them-
selves to insubordination and insurrection. Do
what you will to prevent it, these things find
their way, through some channel or another,
into the midst of the slave population. They
know everything that transpires here. They are
aware of everything going on in the North, and
there is a spirit of insubordination in some places
almost amounting to insurrection among them
already. They believe the whole North to be
favorable to their emancipation, and they are
thus encouraged to exertion; they buthttle doubt,
if they can once organize and commence the at-
tack, the northern people will fly to their succor,
and second their efforts. Then I say, sir, these
memorials and their presentation are improperly
tuned; and however much I might be disposed
at other times to discuss the merits of these pe-
titions, I will not do it now. I appeal, then, to
our friends tn the North, and to the people of the
North, to rescue us, by decisive action upon
their part, from these influences, which are thus
mischievously operating upon our slave popula-
tion, and our own safety. We do not ask our
friends of the North to come personally to our
aid in the conflict with winch we are threatened.
No, sir; come when it may, victory is ours; but
we appeal to our brethren of the North in be-
half of our wives and of our children, and for
their protection and security against the instiga-
tors of midnight murder and assassination. Our
northern friends cannot truly sympathize with
our feelings; they cannot realize our true situa-
tion; they are distantly removed from our slave
population, and know but little of their character
and disposition; we are in its midst, and can there-
fore know and feel the extent and true character
of the danger which the efforts of the fanatics are
bringing upon us, hence, knowing our danger, and
feeling it, too, we appeal (we do not supplicate—
supplication is a plant which does not flourish in
the South) to the North to do their duty to the
South, and to the Union, by discharging their ob-
ligations to the Constitution, and that speedily.
Mr. Speaker, how ought this question, as it is
now presented to us, to be settled' One mode has
been attempted, and it failed. Then the only way
is, to withdraw from these deluded and misguided
fanatics all inducements, all hope of aid from the
North. Let the northern people themselves tell
them, your scheme shall not be carried out. Why
is it necessary for us to appeal to the gentlemen of
the North' These fanatics are in the northern
States, which are sovereign and independent as to
their domestic relations, beyond the reach of our
laws, and we cannot reach them by any legislation
of ours; but the northern people can, and ought to
do it. However, we have had some specimen of
the sincerity with which this scheme has been put
down in one part of the North, which I will men-
tion for the credit of the parties concerned. I un-
derstand there has been a celebrated Anglo-Scotch
vagabond traveling through a certain section of
the North, by the name of Thompson, preaching
abolition, and I hope I shall not be regarded as
uncourteous or uogallant in again referring to the
females of the North. Well, this felon—for he
deserves no better name, and would disgrace that
if it were possible—has been holding forth in the
churches and public meeting-houses of the North,
lecturing and propagating his incendiarism, to the
great horror and indignation of the people. But
what is most singular, the charming influence of
the females, those blessed pious old maids, has
protected him from the rage of the indignant citi-
zens! Ay, sir, even at the very moment when
the people surrounded him, breathing threaterungs
and denunciations, determined to suppress his
doings and chastise his insolence, his charming fe-
male followers and admirers exercised so powerful
a charm over him, that they carried him away un-
seen, as in the midst of a cloud; whether in their
pockets or how, no one can tell; but so it is, he
was carried out unseen, and escaped untouched,
entirely through female intervention. How potent
the charm thus to paralyze indignant patriotism; j
and fraternal affection!                                              I
Mr. SLADE said Thompson had never been
in Vermont.
Mr. GARLAND. Well, I am very glad to
hear that Vermont has not been cursed with his
presence, and I wish I could say that Ins principles
had never been there; but somehow or other, all
his doctrines have reached there, have apparently
taken pretty deep root in some of its soil, and are
broached here in their every odiousand detestable
form and shape. I will, therefore, say to the
people of the North, give us your aid in this thing.
We love you as brethren, we love the Union; we
ask you, as citizens having the power by force
of law, which we have not, to put down these
abolition schemes, and their aiders and abettors
in your midst, and to protect us against these in-
cendiary attempts to bring war and desolation
into our very domiciles. This, sir, is a national
consideration—a consideration deeply affecting
the southern country and the Union itself; and 1
should despise myself if I could allow any other
feelings to enter into my consideration, where the
property, the lives, or the liberties of my fellow-
citizens are at stake.
Mr. Speaker, I hope I need scarcely remark
that I do not include all the people of the North
with the Abolitionists. God forbid' I belte\ebet-
ter of them. Sir, I know them to be incapable of
the designs of these midnight murderers, for so I
call the Abolitionists. They are not open and
manly murderers, for they do not dare to show
their faces in the South, and propagate their
schemes, but stand at a distance, safely moored
behind the ramparts of the laws and institutions
of independent States, artfully exciting, insinu-
ating, and stimulating our slaves to the work of
destruction. Sir, they are murderers in the most
obnoxious sense of the term. I could have some
respect for the man who boldly marches up and
assaults me openly; but I abhor and detest the
dastardly fiend who approaches me by stealth,
or fires at me from behind the bush. I repeat, sir,
their object is murderous, and I can prove it out
of their own mouth. Is it not notorious, that but
a short time ago one of them boldly avowed that
every southern slaveholder ought to be executed '
And yet, that very fellow walks in broad day, un-
molested by the men, and caressed by ladies, in
the streets of a northern city of this Union. Have
they not declared in print that they would pull
down and destroy the very arch of the Union,
rather than they would fail to effect their purposes t
Sir, is this language, in the midst of our northern
friends, to be tolerated ' Are these the pious ac-
tions of these benevolent servants of God? Sir,
they are actions,but they are not those of the holy
and peaceful religion of the Savior of the world,
whom they hypocritically profess to follow, and
whose religion they profess to propagate. He
did not effect, nor seek to effect, the grand object
of his mission by violence. No, sir, the religion
of the Savior is of a different order; its object is
peace, its works are peace, and its ends are peace.
Not so, these fanatics. Theirs is the religion
which seeks the attainment of its designs by fire
and sword, and would drag heretics to the stake,
burn them with fagots, or torture them With the
rack and the inquisition. The real Christian is
never stimulated to, and never incites to murder
and midnight assassination; and I regret the name
of Christian should ever have been connected with
this unhallowed, detestable association. It is a
desecration to the name ! Sir, these people must
be put down, and that speedily, or dire conse-
quences, which I dread to contemplate, will ensue.
The time has arrived when the people of the South
must msist upon it. Security, liberty, life, all
are involved in this question; and they will never
surrender their rights. They may be driven from
them, but abandon or surrender them they never
will. It may be matter of no serious concern
to these meddlers with our domestic rights, with
those instigators to the murder of our wives and
children, to contemplate our plains drenched with
blood, in a servile war; they are absent and se-
cure; but to us, who are husbands and fathers,
who must be in the midst of it, it is with no slight
concern, no ordinary emotion, that we can con-
template, or could see the blood reeking from the
bosoms of our wives and children, pouring from
wounds inflicted through the instigation of these
disturbers of our peace, and enemte* of our live 
