1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. Lee, of New York.
Ho. op Reps.
such petitions be not received, but, if I could do
so, I would vote that they should be all thrown
together into the middle of the Potomac.
Air. Speaker, let us examine the proposition to
reject, which will likelv follow a reconsideration
ot the reference. In the course of this debate,
reference was had to the example of the Senate
during the first session of the last Congress, to
show that the rejection of this memorial would
be disrespectful. Sir, the cases are not analogous.
If my recollection be right, the vote of the Senate
in that case was not upon a proposition to reject,
but upon a proposition not to receive the paper.
That was more disrespectful than to reject, be-
cause the motion to reject is necessarily made
after the paper has been presented—after it has
been in the hands of the Speaker, and read to the
House; but the motion not to receive, is in priority
of all these formalities, and is therefore a more
decisive expression of the disrespect of the body
to whom it is offered. The motion to reject means
simply to reject the application, that is, the prayer
of the petitioners or memorialists, and nothing
more. But it is contended that even this, as well as
the motion not to receive, is at war with the right
of petition. Now, sir, what is this right of peti-
tion? Gentlemen bring petitions here, present
them, and ask theirreference to some committee of
the House. Committeesare not organized by law
or by the Constitution, but by a rule of the House
for its own convenience, and for the convenience
of having that brought to its consideration which
could not be conveniently done by the whole
House. A committee sometimes reports, orpasses
over sub silentic, or asks leave of the House to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject; and cannot the whole House do at once
what it may do on the recommendation of one of
its own committees? Suppose the committee to
whom a petition may be referred, report that it
should be rejected, where is the want of power
or the disrespect on the part of the House to do
the same thing without the reference ? If the
House confirm the report of the committee, it
all amounts to the same thing—to rejection; and
the only question is, whether the same thing
■hall be done directly without reference, or indi-
rectly by reference and report, the House having
determined its course before a reference is asked?
Now these petitioners know nothing about the
formula of proceeding here, and it is the same
thing to them whether their petition be rejected
by a direct vote of the House, without going to
a committee, or whether it go to a committee,
who may report that it be rejected, and the House
confirm that report.
But, say gentlemen, it conflicts with the right
of petition, a sacred right guarantied by the Con-
stitution. Sir, there is no man on this floor who
respects the right of petition more than Ido; but
yet, with all this regard for the right of petition,
there is some respect due to ourselves, and it
must always be understood with some restric-
tions. The right of petition is the right to petition i
for a redress of grievances affecting the petition-
ers themselves; but when pious and godly-given
ladies in some few portions of the North are pe-
titioning to redress my grievances, when I feel
no grievance, when I know of nogrievance at all,
I humbly conceive it to be an improper and im-
pertinent interference with my rights. Now. sir,
pray how are these good, and godly, and pious,
and christian-like ladies, affected by slavery in
the District of Columbia ? They are not living
in the District of Columbia, but in Vermont or
Massachusetts. They are not affected by slavery
in the District of Columbia. They are not stained
by its guilt. They are not affected by its sins.
Its blood is not upon their skirts. Why, then,
should they ask a redress of the grievances of the
people of the District of Columbia ? Are not the
people of the District themselves the best judges
of their own grievances? Are they not adequate
to judge for themselves, and to apply for redress
of their grievances if they have any; and do they
come here, or to their own Legislature, to ask
redress ? Sir, I must say, I respect no petition
coming from people who are not interested, di-
rectly or indirectly, on the subject about which
they petition; ana less so, when its object is to
interfere with the rights of others. When peti-
tion* come from those who feel and suffer griev-
ance, couched in respectful language, I will then
respect and hear them in the most respectful
manner. Then, sir, why not come up directly
to the question, and reject this petition, and all
petitions of a similar character, instanter ? I
have referred to what has taken place heretofore
in relation to petitions of this character, which I
then thought sufficiently decisive—laying them
on the table; but that was when the country was
quiet, and had not been disturbed by the circula-
tion of pamphlets and vile wood-cuts among the
people of the South. Then we were satisfied,
because there was nothing serious to apprehend;
the demon of discord had not then been stalking
through the land; but now, sir, we see the dan-
ger, and yet all we ask is an express declaration,
on the part of our brethren of the North, of their
determination not to legislate upon this subject.
This we have a right to ask and to expect. If
we had the power, as they have, we would not
ask even this of them. No, sir, we could man-
age these fanatics exceedingly well if we had
them among us; but we cannot reach them as
long as they confine themselves within the limits
of other sovereign and independent States; we
cannot, we will not, violate the jurisdiction of
other States.
But, say gentlemen, why press the constitu-
tional question now? I reply, we press it from
the most urgent and imperious necessity. It is
due to our safety, to our quiet, that we press it.
Every other form in which this question has
been presented has failed to secure us against the
repetition of these memorials and petitions. Noth-
ing, it seems to me, short of a declaration on the
part of Congress of their want of constitutional
power, will restrain these fanatical crusaders from
seeking the intervention of Congress in aid of
their diabolical schemes, and perpetually harass-
ing the country. I do not ask gentlemen to vote
contrary to their sense of right. If they believe
Congress has not the power, then this agitating
subject will be put to rest, so far as Congress is
concerned. If gentlemen think Congress has the
constitutional power, let them say so—we shall
not, if they decisively refuse all legislation upon
this subject, upon grounds of expediency, com-
plain of their opinions upon the mere question
of power—a power which they do not intend to
exercise—and sever the Union on that account.
No, sir, we value it too highly, and love it too
dearly. But if the power exists, this House
cannot pledge its successors—the South has no
security for the future. The Constitution pro-
vides for the amendment of the Constitution, by
reference to the source of all power—the people.
It will be our duty to seek through the people an
amendment to the Constitution, restricting the
power of Congress upon this subject. Such an
amendment must and will prevail, if the northern
people are sincere, which I do not doubt, in their
professions of attachment to the Union, and respect
for our rights—seeing, as they must do, the infi-
nite danger to our rights and our safety which
would result from the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia. This would test the true
feelings of the North, and quiet the apprehen-
sions of the South, and secure the Union against
the most formidable enemy by which its integrity
could be assailed.
Sir, I am anxious to see this distracting ques-
tion put to rest, and that we may be able to say,
with true feelings of national pride, in the lan-
guage of the poet:
" Where'er beneath the sun, by sea-winds fanned,
There floats the banner of my native land."
Not, sir, the banner of a northern empire—not
the banner of a southern empire, but the banner
of the Union; that banner which conducted the
heroes of the Revolution to victory in the cause
of freedom, and which has now waved in triumph
for upwards of half a century, untarnished and
unscathed. Sir, I do hope this question will now
end; that our northern brethren will meet it in
the most decisive form, and give such an explicit
expression of their sentiments as will tranquilize
the South on the one hand, and silence the fanatics
on the other.
As to the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ingersoll,] for whose pa-
triotic feelings exhibited upon this occasion I
cannot withhold the expression of my highest
admiration, I can only say that it is true; but it
does not meet the present case.    The question
before the House relates to the District of Co-
lumbia alone.    The proposition of the honorable
gentleman refers to slavery in the States.    The
proposition that Congress has no constitutional
power to abolish slavery in either of the  States
I of the Union need not be decided, because none
' assert it; and a decision of that question would
i in no wise decide the question arising upon this
petition.
The only way in which the question can be
I presented so as to procure the definitive and speedy
action of the House, will be by  reconsidering
the vote of reference now sought to be reconsid-
ered, which I earnestly hope will be done.
Note—The "rejection" of a petition of this character,
and for which I intended to vote, is not without precedent
in the House of Representatives. In March, 1790, the
Quakers of Pennsylvania presented a petition for the abo-
lition of the African slave trade, and to provide means for
the ultimate abolition of slavery in the United States. The
House refused to refer the memorial to a committee, but
rejected it. This was not then deemed a denial of the right
of petition, but a rejection of the prayer of the petitioners.—
See Journal of the House, and Elliott's Debates, vol. 4, p.
211.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
REMARKS OF HON. GIDEON LEE,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House or Representatives,
January 14, 1836,
On the bill for the Relief of the Sufferers by Fire
in the city of New. York.
Mr. GIDEON LEE said:
It was not my purpose, Mr. Chairman, to par-
ticipate in the debates of Congress the present
session; but the extraordinary occurrence which
has induced the report of the bill before us, the
very singular amendments proposed by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, the deep interest I feel in
the speedy resuscitation of that devastated "city,
compel me to depart from the silent course I have
prescribed for myself.
The gentleman's amendment proposes, first,
to strike out the proviso in the first section, the
whole of the second section, and finally, the gen-
tleman promises, when so amended, to vote
against the whole bill. My arguments will there-
fore have reference to the whole bill, and I promise
the utmost brevity. But first I must disclaim the
honor of the biblical title of Babylon, which the
gentleman has given to New York. I must also
disclaim the honor he ascribes to us of governing
the four-and-twenty States. We feel no such
honor; we exercise no such power; and if the
gentleman means the State, which is not precisely
the basis of the present discussion, he is still mis-
taken.
That ill-fated city, sir, in a single day, by an
act of God which no human foresight could avert,
which no human arm could stay, has lost more
than one fourth part of its entire assessable personal
estate. That desolated city stands a debtor to the
nation in the sum of three millions six hundred
and sixty-eight thousand dollars. The bill before
us proposes—not to forgive the debt, not to dimin-
ish the principal sum of the debt, not to jeop-
ardize it—it proposes merely to postpone the
payment from the dates of maturity to the several
dates named.
Mr. Chairman, permit me to view this case as
it really is. The nation a rich and prosperous
creditor; the devastated city not an insolvent but
a debtor oppressed by a calamity unparalleled in
the two hundred years' history of this country,
and rarely equaled in any age of any country.
It has ever been the common sense of mankind
that the relations of debtor and creditor imposed
mutual obligation as well as mutual interests. It
has ever been the practice of mankind, in this
relation, under great calamity and privation of
means on the part of the debtor, to claim and
receive from his full-handed creditor not only the
kind of relief provided in this bill, postponement
of payment, but advance, moreover, of money or
other necessaries. Shall we depart from a prin-
ciple of ethics, and a rule of practice sanctioned
by all ages and by all grades of men?   No, sir;
