22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 18,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Relations with France—President's Message.
Senate &. Ho. of Reps.
perity of a commercial people ? Believe me, the
aid of your Treasury will be returned fourfold
hereafter. The money is not required; the se-
curity of the Government is not diminished, and
you afford the means of renovating the commer-
cial system. Give New York the means to sus-
tain her commercial credit, and she will soon add
to the riches of the public coffers by her ex-
tended importations.
We may be told that, in a question of this na-
ture, we are in danger of surrendering our judg-
ments to our feelings. I do not admit, by the
adoption of this bill, we should be committing
such an act, and, even if we did, to what nobler
conqueror could we yield submission than to the
best feelings of our nature—to the sympathy for
the sufferings of our fellow-men ? The destruc-
tion does not confine itself to those for whose re-
lief the bill on your table is intended. Would
that our action, within constitutional limits,
would permit us to encircle all those who suffer by
this calamity; torelieve the thousands thrown out
of employment; to succor the infirm, the aged, and
the helpless; to save from misery those who now
must bide the pelting of the pitiless storm. Much
do I regret that, to borrow the figure of eloquence,
our kindness must resemble the sun, which in its
rising only illumines the loftiest eminences, and
not that sun in its meridian effulgence which dif-
fuses its light and warmth not only over the lof-
tiest palace, but into the deepest valley. We ask
not for charity—for that charity which has al-
ready afforded precedents for noble acts in the
thousands given to the people of Caraccas, and to
the people of New Madrid. I will not refer to
cases to show how former legislation has not been
remiss in the execution of the duties of philan-
thropy; but while I point to these cases, and ask
you to not even advance so far, but to afford us
cold, unfeeling justice, to relieve the distresses of
our community, I do hope this wilL not be denied
to us.
Let it not be supposed that this is a mere local
question. I feel confidence in appealing to the
various interests which are here represented: to
the manufacturer and mechanic, the profitable
result of whose labor depends much on the capa-
city and integrity of the merchant; to the agri-
culturist, who, although his main dependence is
upon the soil, is aware that the value of that soil
and the products of that soil must be increased
by his sustaining the prosperity of our commer-
cial interests. The various industries of the coun-
try are so interwoven and depend so much upon
each other, that it is the duty of all to uphold such
as may be in danger. The influence of commerce
is not only felt in particular points. To its in-
visible power not only the magnificent cities with
•which our sea-coast is studded, but the most re-
mote hamlet in the Union, may attribute their
prosperity and advancement. The gentleman
from Kentucky asks, who are these merchants?
Will he permit me to answer him by remarking
that they are his brethren, protected by the Con-
stitution of our country, which extends its bless-
ings to every citizen: that Constitution which
provides that into your hands shall be given the
care of the interests of commerce. And for whom
do I ask the sympathy of this committee ? For
men whose industry is ever active; whose talent
is unsurpassed; men who are strongly identified
with the interests of the country; who have ever
been foremost in works of kindness, and whose
philanthropy has been extended to the unfortu-
nate of every clime, I claim it for those whose
spirits are unbroken, and energies uncrushed
amid the ruins of their desolate Rial to; I ask it
for those who have carried the glory of the Amer-
ican name and the fruits of American labor into
the most distant portions of the earth. For such
men I claim it.
- But a few days since, and but one feeling was
in this House, The glow of sympathy was vis-
ible in every quarter. I was indulging the hope
that relief would be instantaneously afforded.
The whole country seemed to be alive to the oon-
«equences of the catastrophe. J cannot forego
this opportunity which is here afforded me of
offering my thanks to those communities which
have expressed their kind feelings in behalf of
•New York. To their Representatives on this
floor, 1 cannot but say, that however my con-
stituents may want in me one who can give com-
petent expression to the deep feeling of gratitude
which they entertain for the generous sentiments
sent forth from every quarter, in their behalf,
they may rest assured that their kindness has
not been extended to those who are cold, or in-
sensible of its value, or by whom it will soon be
forgotten.
I trust, sir, that the warm feelings of sympa-
thy expressed on every side are not dying away
with the sounds which carry to the furthermost
bounds of our country the report of this awful
calamity. The tumultuous noise is still break-
ing over the land; but it is echoed back into these
Halls in the shape of the resolutions calling upon
the Representatives of a generous people to sus-
tain the commercial metropolis of the Union.
Confident I am it will be heard before long from
beyond the Alleghany, calling upon my friends
from Kentucky. Let us obey that voice, which
speaks to us in tones of comfort for the distressed;
which tells us to aid in the cause of our afflicted
merchants, and to allow commerce once more to
pursue her course. It does not become us to re- [
fuse assistance to that gallant vessel which in the
hour of misfortune has been overtaken by this
sudden tempest. She still appears above the
wave with shattered spars, and riven by light- '
ning, yet bearing upon her deck a noble crew,
whose energies are unchecked, and hopes un-
broken, amid the darkness of the storm, and ,
struggling to preserve their bark from the yawn-
ing gulf. Must they be deserted in such an hour? 1
Must they perish ? Will you extinguish the
light which has been shining here, cheering them
in their struggle, towards which they have turned
their anxious eyes ? Let it not be said that you
hesitated to extend the indulgence of the nation
to the unfortunate; that Commerce had made
her appeal in these Halls to the Representatives
of a generous people—to those intrusted with
I the guardianship of her interests, and that her
] appeal was denied. Let it not be said that an
i American Congress refused to American mer-
! chants forbearance.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
DOCUMENTS
ACCOMPANYING THE SPECIAL MESSAGE OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO THE TWO
HOUSES   OF   CONGRESS   ON   THE   18tH  JANUARY,
1836.
[No. 1.]
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Barton.
Department of State,
Washington, June 28, 1835.
Sir: Mr. Livingston arrived here the day be-
fore yesterday. By the mail of yesterday, your
letter of the 7th of May, with a copy of Mr. Liv-
ingston's last note to the Duke de Brogue, was
received.
After an attentive examination of Mr. Living-
ston 's correspondence with this Department and
the Government of France, elucidated by his ver-
bal explanations, the President has directed me
to say to you that the Messrs. de Rothschild have
been authorized by the Treasury Department to
receive  the  money  due  under the treaty  with
France.    Of this authority they will be directed
\ to give notice to the French Government, without
' demanding payment.    For yourself, you will, if
i the bill of indemnity is rejected, follow Mr. Liv-
| ingston to the United  States.    If the  money is
! placed at the disposal of the King, conditionally,
! by the Legislature of France, you will await fur-
| ther orders from the United States, but maintain
i a guarded silence on the subject of the indemnity.
1 If approached by the Government of France, di-
rectly or indirectly, you will hear what is said
without reply—state what has occurred in full to
the Department, and await its instructions.    It is
, the desire of the President that you will  make
! not even a reference to the subject of the treaty
in your intercourse with the French Government,
until the course intended to be pursued is defi-
j nitely explained to the United States, Whatever
may be said to the Messrs. de Rothschild, it will
be their duty to report to you, as well as to the
Treasury Department, and whenever they con-
verse with you they must be reminded, that it is
expected that they will wait for express notice
from the Government of France, that it is ready
to pay, before an application forpayment is made.
The course adopted by Mr. Livingston has
been fully approved, and the hope is indulged
that his representations have had their just influ-
ence on the councils of the King of France.
However that may be, the President's determina-
tion is, that the terms upon which the two Gov-
ernments are to stand towards each other, shall
be regulated, so far as his constitutional power
extends, by France.
A packet from the Treasury, addressed to the
Messrs. de Rothschild, and containing the in-
structions of the Secretary, accompanied by a
special power, appointing them the agents of the
United States to receive the payments due under
the treaty of 1831, is forwarded herewith. The
copy of a letter from this Department to M.
Pageot is also inclosed for perusal.
lam, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
Thomas P. Barton, Esq., &c.
[No. 2.]
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Barton.
Department of State,
Washington, September 14, 1835.
Sir: So much time will have elapsed before
this dispatch can reach you, since the passage of
the law by the French Chambers placing at the
disposition of the king the funds to fulfill the
treaty with the United States, that it is presumed
that the intention of the French Government will
have been by that period disclosed. It is proper,
therefore, in the opinion of the President, that
you should receive your last instructions in rela-
tion to it. It has always been his intention that
the Legation of the United States should leave
France ¡f the treaty were not fullfilled. You have
been suffered to remain after the departure of Mr.
Livingston, under the expectation that the Gov-
ernment of France would find in all that has oc-
curred its obligation to proceed forthwith to the
fulfillment of it as soon as funds were placed in
its hands. If this expectation is disappointed,
you must ask for your passports and return to
the United States. If no movement has been made
on the part of France, and no intimation given
to you or to the banker of the United States, who
is the authorized agent of the Treasury to receive
the installments due, of the time that payment
will be made, you are instructed to call upon the
Duke de Broglie, and request to be informed
what are the intentions of the Government in re-
lation to it, stating that you do so by orders of
your Government, and with a view to regulate
your conduct by the information you may receive
from him. In the present agitated: state of France
it is the particular desire of the President that
your application should be made in the most con-
ciliatory tone, and your interview with the Duke
marked by expressions, as coming from your
Government, of great personal respect for that
Minister, and of an anxious desire for the safety
of the King of France. If the Duke should inform
you that the money is to be paid on any fixed
day, you will remain in France; otherwise you
will apply for your passports, and state the rea-
son to be that the treaty of indemnity has not
been executed by France.
The President especially directs that you should
comply with these instructions so early that the
result may be known here before the meeting of
Congress, which takes place on the 7th of De-
cember next.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
Thomas P. Barton, Esq., &c, &c, &c.
[No. 3.]
Mr. Barton to the Duke de Broglie.
D.
Legation of the United States of
America, Paris, October 24, 1835.
Monsieur le Due: Having executed, to the
letter, the last instructions of my Government,
in the interview which I had the honor to have
with your Excellency, on the 20th of this month,
iu order further to comply with those instructions,
