1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Relations with France—President's Message.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
I am about to return to the United States. Be-
fore leaving France, however, I have thought
that it might not be altogether useless to address
your Excellency, and submit to you the conver-
sation which then took place between us, word
for word, as I understood it. In pursuing this
course, 1 am prompted by a double motive first,
bv a sincere desire to avoid even the slightest
misunderstanding as to the precise meaning of
any expressions used on either part, and also
m ith a view, in presenting myself to my Gov-
ernment, to furnish indisputable proof of my
fidelity in executing the instructions with which
I had the honor to be charged. This last motive,
Monsieur le Due, does not interest you person-
ally, but the first, I am sure, will not appear
without importance in your eyes.
Having said that I was instructed to employ
both language and manner the most conciliatory,
1 begged you to behe\ e, should anything appear
to you not to partake of that character, that the
fault mutt be attributed to we atone, and not to
my Government; as in that case I should be cer-
tain that I neither represented its dispositions,
nor faithfully obeyed its orders.
I began the conversation by informing yoti
that I had requested an interview, by order of
my Govemmeni, and that on the result of that
interview would depend my future movements.
I said that I was ordered to convey to the French
Government assurances of the very lively satis-
faction felt by the President, on receiving the
news and confirmation of the King's safety; and
that I was further instructed by the Secretary of
State to assure you, personally, of his high con-
sideration. After an obliging answer of your
Excellency, I liad the honor to submit the fol-
owing question:
'• I am instructed by my Government to inquire
' of your Excellency, what are the intentions of
' his Majesty's Government in relation to the
funds voted by the Chambers'"
And I understood you to make the following
answer:
" Having written a dispatch to his Majesty's
' Charge d'Affaires at Washington, with mstruc-
1 tions to communicate it to Mr. Forsyth, and M.
' Pageot having read it to Mr. Forsyth, I have
'nothing to say in addition to that dispatch."
I said, " I am also instructed to inquire of
1 your Excellency, whether his Majesty's Gov-
1 eminent is ready to pay those funds'"
And you returned this answer: " Yes, in the
terms of the dispatch."
I added, "I am instructed to ask another ques-
■tion Will his Majesty's Government name
1 any fixed determined period, when they will
' be disposed to pay those funds'"
To this question the following was your Ex-
tellency's answer, as I understood it:
" To-morrow, if necessary. When the Gov-
' eminent of the United States shall, by a written
' official communication, have expressed its regret
1 at the misunderstanding which has taken place
1 between the two Governments, assuring us that
* this misunderstanding was founded on an error
*—that it did not intend to call in question the
'good faith of his Majesty's Government—the
'funds are there-, we are ready to pay. In the
'dispatch to M. Pageot we gave the views of our
' Govemmenton this question. Mr. Forsyth not
' ha\ing thought proper to accept a copy of that
' dispatch, and having said that the Government
'of the United States could not receive acommu-
' nication in such a form, I ha\e nothing to add—
' I am forced to retrench myself behind that dis-
' patch. If the Government of the United States
' does not give this assurance, we shall be obliged
' to think that this misunderstanding is not the
' result of an error, and the business will stop
«there."
To your Excellency's offer to communicate to
me the dispatch to M. Pageot, I replied, that as
my instructions had no reference to that question,
I did not think myself authorized to discuss it.
After some minutes I rose and said: "In a
short time I shall have the honor of writing to
your Excellency."
You answered, " I shall at all times receive with
pleasure any communication addressed to me on
the part of the Government of the United States;''
and our conversation ended.
Such, Monsieur le Due, as far as my memory
serves me, are the literal expressions employed
by both of us. Should you discover any inac-
curacies in the relation which I have the' honor
to submit to you, it will give me pleasure, as it
will be my duty, to correct them. If, on the
contrary, this relation should appear to you in
every respect conformable to the truth, I take the
liberty of claiming from your kindness aconfirma-
tion of it, for the reasons which I have already,
I believe, sufficiently explained.
I eagerly avail myself of this occasion, Mon-
sieur le Due, to renew the assurances of the very
high consideration with which I have the honor
to be your Excellency's most obedient humble
servant,
THOMAS P. BARTON.
His Excellency the Due de Bkoglie,
Minister of Foreign Jiffairs, ¿(c
[No. 4 ]
The Duke de Broghe to Mr. Barton.
[E.]                            Paris, October 26, 1835.
Sir: I have received the letter which you did
me the honor to address to me on the 24th of this
month.
You are desirous to give your Government a
faithful account of the conversation which you
had with me on the 20th. While communicat-
ing to me a statement of that conversation, you
request me to indicate the involuntary errors
which I may remark in it. I appreciate the mo-
tives which influence you, and the importance
which you attach to the exactness of this state-
ment; and 1 therefore hasten to point out three
errors which have found their way into your re-
port, acknowledging, at the same time, its perfect
conformity, on all other points, with the explana-
tions interchanged between us.
In reply to your question, whether the King's
Government would name ¡my fixed and determinate
period at which it would be disposed to pay the twen-
ty-five millions, yon make me say: " To-morrow,
' if necessary, when the Government of the Uni-
' ted States shall, by a written official communica-
' tion, have expressed its regret at the misunder-
' standing which has taken place between the two
' Governments, assuring us that the misunder-
' standing is founded on an error—that it did not
' intend to call in question the good faith of his
' Majesty's Government," &c
Now, this is what I really said- "To-mor-
'row, to-day, immediately, if the Government
'of the United States is ready on its part to de-
' clare to us, by addressing its claim (reclamation)
' to us officially, in writing, that it regrets the
' misunderstanding which has arisen between the
'two countries; that this misunderstanding is
' founded upon a mistake, and that it never en-
' tered into its intention (pensée) to call into ques-
' tion the good faith of the French Government,
' nor to take a menacing attitude towards France."
By the terms of your report I am made to have
continued thus- "In the dispatch to M. Pageot
' we gave the views of our Government on this
'question. Mr. Forsyth not having thought
'pioper to accept a copy of that dispatch, and
' having said that the Government of the United
' States could not receive the communication in
'that form,"&c. That was not what I said,
because such was not the language of Mr. For-
syth to M. Pageot. On refusing the copy offered
to him by that Charge d'Affaires, Mr. Forsyth
gave, as the only reason, that it was a documento/
which he could make no use; and that was the phrase
repeated by me.
Mr. Forsyth made no objection to the form
which I had adopted to communicate to the Fed-
eral Government the views of the King's Govern-
ment; in feet, not only is there nothing unusual
in that form; not only is it employed in the inter-
course between one Government and another,
whenever there is a desire to avoid the irritation
which might involuntarily arise from an exchange
of contradictory notes in a direct controversy,
but reflection on the circumstances and the re-
spective positions of the two countries will clearly
show that it was chosen precisely in a spirit of
conciliation and regard for the Federal Govern-
ment.
Finally, sir, after having said, " If the Govern-
' ment of the United Suites does not give this as-
' surance, we shall be obliged to think that this
'misunderstanding is not the result of an error,"
I did not add, " and the business will stop there "
This last eiror is, however, of so little import-
ance, that I hesitated to notice it.
Receive, sir, the assurances of my high consid-
eration.                                         V. BROGLIE.
To T. P   BARTON,
Charge d'affaires of the United States.
[No. 5.]
Mr. Barton to the Duke De Broghe.
F.
Legation of the United States of America,
Paris, November 6, 1835.
Monsieur le Due. Having been recalled by
my Government, I have the honor to request
that your Excellency will be pleased to cause
passports to be prepared to enable me to proceed
to Havre, thence to embark for the United States,
and for my protection during the time I may find
it necessary to remain in Pans. I am instructed
to give, as a reason for my departure, the non-
execution, on the part of his Majesty's Govern-
ment, of the convention of July 4, 1831.
I avail myself of this opportunity, Monsieur le
Due, to renew the assurances of very high con-
sideration with which I have the honor to be your
Excellency's most obedient, humble servant,
THOMAS P. BARTON.
His Excellency the Duke de Broglie,
Minister of Foreign Jiffaiis, 1{C.
[No  6]
The Duke de Broghe to Mr. Barton.
Paris, November 8, 1835.
Sir: Having taken his Majesty's orders with
regard to your communication of the 6th instant,
I have the honor to send you herewith the pass-
ports which you requested of me. As to the
reasons which you have been charged to ad-
vance, in explanation of your departure, I have
nothing to say, (7t n'ai point a m'y arréler.) The
Government of the United States, sir, knows,
that upon itself depends henceforward the exe-
cution of the treaty of July 4, 1831.
Accept, sir, the assurance of my high consid-
eration.                                        V   BROGLIE.
To Mr. Barton,
Charge d'affaires of the  United States of America.
[No. 7.]
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Pageot.
Department of State,
Washington, June 29, 1835.
Sir- I have the honor to acquaint you, for the
information of your Government, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has, in conformity with the
provisions of the act of Congress of the 13th of
July, 1832, designated the Messrs. Rothschild
Brothers, of Pans, as agents to receive the pay-
ments fiom time to time due to this Government,
under the stipulations of the convention of the
4th of July, 1831, between the United States and
his Majesty, the King of the French; and that
the President has granted a special power to the
said Messrs. de Rothschild Brothers, author-
izing and empowering them, upon the due receipt
of the same, to give the necessary acquittances
to the French Government, according to the pro-
visions of the convention referred to.
The power given to the Messrs. de Rothschild
will be presented by them whenever the French
Government is ready to make the payments.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient ser-
vant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
M. Pageot, Charge d'affaires, Sfc.
[NoTl]
Mr. Pageot to Mr. Forsyth.
Washington, June 29,1835.
Sir- I have received the letter which you did
me the honor to address to me this day, and by
which you communicate to me, for the informa-
tion of my Government, that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in virtue of the act of Congress of July
13, 1832, has appointed Messrs. de Rothschild
