24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 18,
24th Cong...-1st Sess.
Relations with France—President's Message.
Senate &t Ho. of Reps.
Broihtrs, at Paris, agents for receiving, as they
bttome due, the sevtral payments of the sum
stipulated as indt nuuhcation by the convention
comludtd on the 4th of July , 1631, between his
Mmsn the King oí the iremh and the United
¡Sai s of Ami rica.
I lo^t no time, -ai, in transmitting this com-
munica'ion to mv Uovtrnment, and I embrace
■ t'i s opportunity to oiin v on tin assurance of the
hiirh lotisidt ration with whuli I havt the honor
to bi, jour mot>t iiumble and obedient servant,
A  PAGEOT.
To the Hon. Mr. Forsyth,
¡secretary of State.
[No. 9.]
.V -. Pageot to Mr   Forvyth
Washington, December 1, 1835.
Sir: On the 11th of September last, I had the
honor, as I was authorized, to read to you a dis-
patch, which his Excellency the Minister of
Foreign Affairs had addressed to me on the 17th
of June previous, respecting the state of the rela-
tions bet-  een France and the Unittd States. The
object of tins communication was to make known
to the Cabinet at Washington, in a form often
employed, the point of view from which the King's
Government regarded the difficulties between the
two countnes, and to indicate the means by which,
in its opinion, they might be terminated in a man-
ner honorable to both Governments. I was also
authorized to allow you, in case you should de-
sire it, to take a copy of this dispatch; but, con-
trary to the expectation which diplomatic usage
in such cases permitted me to entertain, you
thought proper to refuse to request it.
I regretted this resolution of jours, sir, at the
time, because, in the fiist place, it appeared to be
at v ariance with (s'écoríer de) that conciliatory
spirit which so particularly characterized the com-
munication just made to you; and next, as it
seemed in a manner to deprive the Cabinet of
Washington of the means of knowing, in their
.fullextent, the views of the King's Government,
of which an attentive examination of the Duke
de Broghe's letter could alone have enabled it to
form a just estimate. These regrets, sir, have not
tieen diminished; and at the moment when the
President is about to communicate to Congress
the state of the relations between France and
the United States, I consider it useful and neces-
sary for the interests of all, to endeavor to place
him in possession of all the facts which may
afford him the means of giving an exact account
of the real dispositions and views of the King's
Government on the subject of the existing diffi-
culties.
With this intention, and from a desire to neg-
lect nothing which, by offering to the American
Gov ernmcnt another opportunity of making itself
acquainted minutely with the highly conciliatory
sentiments of his Majesty 's Government, may
contribute to restore good understanding between
the Cabinets of Pans and Washington, I have
the honor to transmit to you a copy of the Duke
de Broghe's dispatch, and to request you to place
it under the eye of the President
I embrace this oppoitunity, sir, to renew you
the assurance of the high consideration with
which I have the honor to be your most humble
and most obedient servant,        A   PAGEOT.
To the Hon  John Forsyth,
Sec> etary of State q) the United States.
[No. 10.]
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Pageot.
Department op State,
Washington, December 3, 1835.
Sir- I had yesterday the honor to receive your
note of the 1st instant, with the accompanying
paper, purporting to be a copy of a letter ad-
dressed, under date of the 17th of June last, by
his Excellency the Duke de Broglie, Minister of
Foreign Affairs of France, to yourself. After
referring to what occurred in our interview of the
11th of Septembtr, in regard to the original letter,
and rxprts=-ing your i egrets at the course I then
felt it my duty to take, you request me to place
the copy inclosed in your letter, under the eye
qf the President.
In allowing you, during that interview, to read
tome the Duke de Broghe's dispatch, which I
cheerfully did, you were enabled to avail your-
self of that informal mode of apprising this
Department of the views of your Government,
in the full extent authorized by diplomatic usage.
The qutstion, whether or not I should ask a copy
of that dispatch, was, of course, left, as it should
have been, by your Government, exclusively to
mv discretion My reasons tor not making that
requist were fianklv stated to you, founded on
a conviction that, in the existing state of the
relations between the two countries, the Presi-
dent w ould think it most proper, that every com-
munication upon the subject in difference between
them, designed to influente his conduct, should,
before it was submitted to his consideration, be
made to assume the official form belonging to a
direct communication from one Govcriinunt to
another, by which alone he could be enabled to
cause a suitable reply to be given to it, and to
submit it, should such a step become necessary,
to his associates in the Government. I also had
the honor, at the same time, to assure you, that
any direct communication from yourself, as the
representative of the King's Government, to me,
embracing the contents of this despatch, or any
other matter you might be authonzed to commu-
nicate, in the accustomed mode, would be laid
without delay before the President, and would,
undoubtedly, receive from him an early and just
consideration
It cannot have escaped your reflections, that
my duty required that the circumstances of the
interview between us should be reported to the
President, and that the discovery of any error,
on my part, in representing his views of the
course proper to be pursued on that occasion,
would, without fail, have been promptly commu-
nicated to you That duty was performed the
substance of our interview, and the reasons by
which my course in it has been guided, were im-
mediately communicated to, and entirely approved
by him. I could not, therefore, have anticipated,
that after so long a period had elapsed,and with-
out anv change in the condition of affairs, you
should have regarded it as useful or proper to re-
vive the subject, at the time and in the form you
have seen lit to adopt Cordially reciprocating,
however, the conciliatory sentiments expressed in
your note, and in deference to your request, I
have again consulted the President on the sub-
ject, and am instructed to inform you, that the
opinion expressed by me, in the interview be-
tween us, and subsequently confirmed by him,
remains unchanged, and I therefore respectfully
restore to you the Duke de Broghe's letter, as I
cannot make the use of it you desired.
I am also instructed to say, that the President
entertains a decided conviction, that a departure,
in the present case, from the ordinary and accus-
tomed method of international communication, is
calculated to increase, rather than to diminish, the
difficulties unhappily existing between France and
the United States, and that its observance, in their
future intercourse, will be most likely to bring
about the amicable adjustment of these difficulties,
on terms honorable to both parties. Such a result
is sincerely desired by him, and he will omit noth-
ing, consistent with the faithful discharge of his
duties to the United States, by which it may be
promoted. In this spirit I am directed by him to
repeat to you the assurance made in our interview,
in September last, that any official communication
you may think proper to address to this Govern-
ment, will promptly receive such consideration as
may be due to its contents, and the interests in-
volved in the subject to which it may refer
As the inclosed paper is not considered the
subject of reply, you will allow me to add, for
the purpose of preventing any misconception in
this respect, that my silence in regard to its con-
tents is not to be construed as admitting the accu-
racy of any of the statements or reasonings con-
tained in it.
I have the honor to renew, &c. &c ,
JOHN FORSYTH.
[No. 11.]
Mr. Pageot to Mr  Forsyth.
Washington, December 5, 1835.
Sir:  I yesterday evening received the letter
which you did me the honor to write to me on
the 3d of this month, with it, you return to me
the copy of a dispatch which I had tiansmitted to
vou two days before, and the original of which
was addressed to me on the 17th of June last, by
his Excellency the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
I will not seek, sir, to disguise from you the as-
tonishment productd in me, by the return of a
document so very important in the present state
of the relations between the two countnes, neither
will I undertake to reply to the reasons on which
this determination of yours is based. My inten-
tion in communicating this document to you in
a form not only sanctioned by the diplomatic
usages of all nations and all ages, but also the
most direct which I could possibly have chosen,
w as to make known the real dispositions of my
Government to the President of the United States,
and through him to Congress and the American
people, conceiving that, in the existing situation
of the two countries, it was essential that each
Government should fully comprehend the inten-
tions of the other; this consideration appeared to
me paramount to all others. You have judged
otheiwise, sir, and you have thought, that what-
ever might be the importance of a communica-
tion, it was proper, before receiving it, to exam-
ine whether the form in which it came to you,
were strictly accordant with the usagesnecessary,
in your opinion, to be observed in diplomatic
transactions with the Government of the Repub-
lic. I will not insist further. I have fulfilled all
the duties which appeared to be prescribed for
me, by the spirit of reconciliation, in conjunction
with the respect due by me to all communications
from my Government, and nothing more remains
for me, than to express my deep regret that the
misunderstanding between the two Governments,
already so serious, should be kept up, not by
weighty difficulties, which involve the interests
and the dignity of the two countnes, but by
questions of form, as uncertain in then princi-
ples as doubtful in their application.
I have the honor to renew to you, sir, the as-
surances of my high consideration
A. PAGEOT.
To the Hon. John Forstth,
Stcretary of State.
[No. 12.]
Mr. Pageot to Mr. Forsyth.
Washington, January 2, 1836.
Sir- I have the honor to announce to you that,
in consequence of the recall of Mr. Baiton, the
King's Government has given me orders to lay
down the character of charge d'affaires of his
Majesty near the Government of the United
States. I shall, therefore, immediately begin the
preparations for my return to France, but, in the
mean time, I think proper to claim the protection
of the Federa! Government during the period
which I may consider it necessary to remain m
the United States.
I have the honor to be, with the most distin-
guished consideration, sir, your most humble and
obedient servant,                          A. PAGEOT.
To the Hon John Forstth,
Secretary of State of the United States.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Pageot.
Department of State,
Washington, January 2,1836.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge your note
of this day'8 date, in which you announce that
you have the orders of your Government, given
in consequence of the recall of Mr. Barton, to lay
aside the character of the charge d'affairs of the
King of France near the Government of the Uni-
ted States The protection of the Federal Gov-
ernment is due, and will, of course, be extended
to you, during th time necessary for your prep-
arations to return to France.
I am, sir, with great consideration, your obe-
dient servant,                      JOHN FORSYTH.
M. Alphonsb Pageot.
The following letter was referred to in my mes-
sage of the 7th of December last, and ought to
have been then transmitted with that of the 25th
of April, but by some oversight it was omitted
A.. J ■
