1936]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Rekffiorii toith France—President's Message.
Senate & Ho. of'Reps.
Legation of the United State ,
Paris, January 29, 1835.
Sir: Having already had occasion to acknowl-
edge the receipt of your Excellency's letter of
the 13th instant, and to answer that part of it
which most urgently required my attention, I
proceed to a consideration of the other matters
which it contains. I shall do this with a sincere
desire to avoid everything that may exeite irrita-
tion, or increase difficulties which already unfor-
tunately exist. Guided by this disposition, I
shall confine myself to an examination of your
note, considered only as an exposition of the
causes which his Majesty's Government thinks
it has to complain of in the message sent by the
"resident of the United States to Congress, at the
opening of its present session.
Your Excellency begins by observing, that
nothing could have prepared his Majesty's Gov-
ernment for the impressions made upon it by the
President's Message, and that if the complaints
he makes were as just, as you think them un-
founded, still you would have reason to be aston-
ished at receiving the first communication of them
in such a form. If his Majesty s Government
was not prepared to receive complaints on the
part of the United States for non-execution of
the treaty, everything I have said and written,
since I have had the honor of communicating
with your Excellency, and your predecessors in
office, must have been misunderstood or for-
gotten. I ean scarcely suppose the first; for if
my whole correspondence is referred to, and my
verbal representations recollected, they will be
found, in the most unequivocal language, to ex-
press an extreme solicitude for the execution of
the treaty, a deep disappointment at the several
delays which have intervened, and, emphatically,
the necessity which the President would be un-
der of laying the matter before Congress at the
time, when, in fact, he has done so, if before
that period he did not receive notice that the law
had passed for giving effect to the treaty. To
urge the obligation of the treaty, to prepare his
Majesty's Government for the serious conse-
quences that must result from its breach, or an
unnecessary delay in executing it, was my duty,
and it has been faithfully and unremittingly ex-
ecuted. To my own official representation on
the 26th, I added, on the 29th July last, the
precise instructions I had received, to inform
his Majesty's Government that " the President
' could not avoid laying before Congress, on the '
' 1st of December, a full statement of the posi-
' Uon of affairs on this interesting subject; or
' permit the session to end, as it must do on the
' 3d of March, without recommending such meas-
' ures as the justice and the honor of the country
' may require."                                                           '
In this alone, then, there was sufficient (inde-
pendently of my numerous applications and re- ,
monstrances) to prepare his Majesty's Govern- '
ment for the just complaints of the United States, I,
and for the " impression " they ought to produce,  !
as well as for the " mode" in which they were
communicated—a mode clearly pointed out in
the passage I have quoted from my note of the
29th of July; that is to say, by the annual mes-
sage from the President to Congress; which, as
I have already had occasion to observe, his Ma-
jesty's Ministers have erroneously considered as
addressed  directly to them, and, viewing it in
that light, have arraigned this document as con-
taining groundless complaints, couched in lan-
guage not called for by the occasion, and offering
for consideration means of redress offensive to the
dignity of Prance.    I shall endeavor, by a plain
exposition of facts, to repel  those charges.    I
•hall examine them with the freedom the occasion ;
requires;  but,  suppressing  the  feelings which
some parta of your Excellency's letter naturally I
excite, will, as far as possible, avoid all those ¡
topics for recrimination which press upon my ',
mind.    The observation I am about to make will i
not be deemed a departure from this rule, because :
it is intended to convey information which seems
to have been wanted by his Majesty's Minister,
when, on a late occasion, he presented a law to
the Chamber of Deputies.    It is proper, there-
fore, to state that, although the military title of
General was gloriously acquired by the present
head of the American Government, he is not, in
official language, designated as General Jackson,
but as "the President of the United States,"
and that his communication was made in that
character.
I proceed now to the examination of that por-
tion of your Excellency's letter which attempts
to 'how that the complaints set forth in the Pres-
ident's message are groundless.
It begins, by assuming, as a principle of argu-
ment, that, after the Chamber of Deputies had
rejected the law, and his Majesty's Government
had promised to present it anew, the United
States had, by receiving that promise, given up
all right to complain of any anterior delays. I
have vainly endeavored, sir, to find any rule of
reasoning by which this argument can be sup-
ported. It would undoubtedly be much easier
to strike off from the case the delays of two years
in proposing the law, than to justify them.
It is true that the United States, with a modera-
tion and forbearance for which they receive no
credit, waited two years, almost without com-
plaint, for the performance of a treaty which
engaged the faith of the French nation to pay a
just indemnity, forwhich they had already waited
more than twenty years. It is true that his
Majesty's Government offered solemn assurances,
that, as soon as the constitution of the country
would permit, a new attempt would be made to
redeem the national pledge given by the treaty.
It is true, also, that the'President of the United
States gave credit to those assurances; but it is
also true—and your Excellency seems to lose
sight of that important uncontested fact—that
formal notice was given that the performance of
those promises would be expected, according to
their letter; and that he could delay no longer
than the 1st of December the execution of a
duty which those assurances had induced him
to postpone. Whatever reasons his Majesty's
Government had for not complying with Mr.
Serurier's engagement, or however they may
have interpreted it, the President could not be
precluded from considering the whole case as
open, and adding to his statement the wrongs
occasioned by the delays anterior to the vote of
rejection. Those delays are still unaccounted
for, and are rendered more questionable by the
preference given to another treaty, although sub-
sequently made, for the guarantee of the Greek
loan.
Confining  your observations to this  second
F;riod, you say that the reproaches which the
resident thinks himself authorized in making
to France, may be comprised in the following
words: " The Government of the King had prom-
' ised to present the treaty of July anew to the
' Chambers as soon as they could be assembled.
' But they have been assembled on the 31st of July,
' of the last year, and the treaty has not yet been
' presented." Stating this, as the whole of the
complaint, you proceed, sir, in your endeavor to
refute it.
I am obliged, reluctantly, here to make use of
arguments, which, in the course of this discus-
sion, have been often repeated, but which seem
to have made no impression on his Majesty's
Government. I am obliged, in repelling the re-
proaches addressed to the President, to bring to
your recollection the terms of the promise on
which lie relied, the circumstances attending it,
and the object for which it was given. These
must be fully understood, and fully weighed, be-
fore the question between us can be resolved.
The circumstances under which Mr. Serurier's
note was written, are material in considering its
true import. The payment stipulated by'a treaty
duly ratified on both sides, had just been formally
refused by a vote of the Chamber of Deputies.
More than two years had passed since it had been
proclaimed as the law of the land, in the United
States; and ever since, the articles favorable to
France had been in constant operation. Notice
of this refusal had some before been received
by the President. It would have been his duty,
had nothingelse occurred, to communicate to Con-
gress this event, so unexpected and so injurious
to the interest of the country. One circumstance
prevented the performance of this duty, and jus-
tified the omission; the notice of the rejection was
accompanied by information, that the Minister of
France was instructed to make explanations and
engagements on the subject; and that a ship of
war would be dispatched with his instructions.
The President has waited a month for the arrival
of this ship. An unusually long session of Con-
gress still afforded an opportunity for making the
communication,even afterherarnval. If made, it
would undoubtedly have produced consequences,
the nature of which may be imagined by consider-
ing the events that have since occurred. It was
necessary, then, to prevent an interruption of the
friendly relations between the two countries, that
this communication should be postponed until the
subsequent session of Congress; longer than that,
it was well known that it could not be deferred.
This was clearly and explicitly stated in a con-
ference between Mr. Serurier and the Secretary of
i State of the United States, in which the former
' gave the promise in question. But the President
desired to have the engagement in a written and
official form, (and as Mr. Serurier expresses it in
his letter,) "pour des causes prises dans les neces-
sités de votre Gouvemement." What govern-
mental necessity does he allude to? Clearty that
which obliged the President to communicate diese
engagements to Congress at the next session.
Here, then, we have a stipulation made under
special orders sent out by a ship dispatched for
, that express purpose, communicated first ver-
bally, in an official conference, afterwards reduced
to writing, and delivered to the proper officers,
for the double purpose of justifying the President
for not making an immediate communication at
¡ their then session, and also to serve as á pledge
which he might exhibit, if unredeemed, at their
next. These objects are well stated by Mr. Se-
rurier to be, " that the Government of the Repub-
lic may avoid, with a providential solicitude, in
' this unsettled state of things, all that may become
' a cause of new irritation between the two coun-
* tries, endanger the treaty, and raise obstacles
j ' that may become insurmountable to the views
' of conciliation and harmony whichanimated the
* councils of the King." It was, then, to avoid
a communication to Congress, which Mr. Seru-
rier Baw would endanger the peace of the two
countries, that this engagement was made. Sure-
ly, then, every word of a stipulation made under
such circumstances, and for such important pur-
poses, must have been duly considered, and its
import properly weighed, first by the Gabinet
who directed, afterwards by the Minister who
delivered, and the Government which received it.
What, then, was this engagement f First, that
the Government of the King will use every legaS
and constitutional effort which its persevering
persuasion of the justice and advantages of the
treaty authorize the United States to expect from
it.
" Son intention est, [I quote literally] en outre,
' [that is, besides using those endeavors above
' mentioned,] de faire tout ce que notre constitution
'permet pour rapproacher autant que possible,
I'M 'epoque de la presentation nouvelle de la loi
'rejettée."
Your Excellency cannot fail to have observed
two distinct parts in this engagement; one relating
to the endeavors the Ministry promise to make in
order to induce the Chambers to pass the law, for
the success of which they could not answer;
another relating to the time of presentation of the
law, a matter which depended on them alone,
restricted only by constitutional forms. The
promise on this point, then, was precise, and
could not be misunderstood. Whatever th« con-
stitution of Franc* permitted, the Government of
France promised to do, in order to hasten the
presentation of the law. What was the eause of
this desire to bring the business before the Cham-
bers at an early day ? No one can doubt it who
knows the situation of the two countries, still less
any one who has read the correspondence. It
was to enable the President to make those state-
ments to the next Congress, which, relying on
the engagements of the French Minister, he had
omitted to make to this.
It was clear, therefore, that more was required
than the expression of a desire on the part of Ins
Majesty's Ministers to execute the treaty—a de-
sire, the sincerity of which was not doubted, but
which might be unavailing, as its accomplishment
depended on the vote of the Chambers. For the
President's satisfaction, and for his justification,
