1836]                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'                                      27
24th Cong....1st Sess.
District Banks—Mr. Huntsman.
Ho. or Rbps.
contrary, expressions of sincere regret that cir-
cumstances obliged him to complain of acts that
di^turotd the harmony he wished to preserve
with a nation and Government, to the high char-
acter of w Inch he did ample justice.
An honorable susceptibility to everything that
may in the remon st degree affect the honor of the
lojntrr.is a nuionnl sentiment in France, but
> ou w ill allow , sir, that it is carried too far w hen
It b< comes impatient of just complaint, when it
williWow none of its acts to be arraigned, and
consdir , as anofftnse, a simple and correct
r vuiuna'ioii of injuries received, and as an insult,
a di liberation on the means of redress. If it is
forbidden, undir the penalties of giving just
lause of offence, for the different branches of a
fo'eign Government to consult togtther on the
nature of w rongs it has received, and review the
several remedies which the law of nations present
and circumstances justify, then no such consulta-
tion can take place in a Government like that of
the United States, where all the proceedings are
ptiblu., without at once incurring the risk of war,
w Inch it w ould be the very object of that consul-
tation to avoid.
The measures announced m the close of your
letter, as n til as the correspondence that it has
occasioned betwten us, have been transmitted to
nu Government, and I wait the instructions
whu-fi thu communication will produce.
I pray youi Excellency to receive the renewed
as-.uraiRt ot the high consideration w ith which I
have the honor to be, vour most obtdient humble
«errant,                EDWARD LIVINGbTON.
His Excellency Coivt de Rig\t,
Minuter, Secretary cf State of Foreign .Iffairs.
DISTRICT BANKS.
REMARKS OF MR. HUNTSMAN,
OF TENNESSEE,
Is THL HOCSE OF  REPRESENTATIVES,
On the bill to extend the Charters of the Banks
in the District of Columbia, until t*e 1st of
October m xt.
Mr  HUNTSMAN said-
Mr. Spevker- As one of the committee ap-
pointed to investigate the situation and condition
of these Banks, I ñ el it to be my duty to submit
a few remarks ior the consideration of the House,
in reply to the g< ntlemen from Indiana, New Jer-
sey, and Rhode Island It seems to be insisted
by the two former, that the House committed a
great eiror in referring this subject to a special
committee, and that if it had been submitted to
the Committee for the District of Columbia, the
i in cstigauons necessary would have been at least
half through by this time. There is a great deal
of sensibility manifested by the Committee for
thi District of Columbia upon the subject. It
would seem, from their continued complaints,
that the y suppose the House has robbed them
of a portion of their rights.
I am willing, sir, to admit, that the Committee
for the Distnct of Columbia possesses more
ability , and can transact this business in a style
exuu.sAcly gi ntfcl, systematic, nice and scien-
tific, more ¡>o than any committee in the House,
or than ever was in it. But, notwithstanding all
th.s, upon a full, thorough, and ample discus-
sion, it has not been the pleasure of this House
to assign this duty to them. It has thought, for
reason  satisfactory to the House, that a select
committee should be charged with this investi-
gation. If those gentlemen are dissatisfied with
the decision of the House, I know of no way to
reverse it, unless they will take an appeal or writ
of error, and then I know of no revising power,
which can take jurisdiction of it, unless the ap-
peal, or writ of error, is taken to the gallery.
The g< ntkman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Pearce.,] says that he had a conversation with
the president, or perhaps some of the directory of
one of these banks, and that he has the books,
papers, and documents all ready, and that an
examination can be made at their houses.
I entutain no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that it is bv
thest tiiree hours' examination of banks that has
enabled many of them to commit the deepest
frauds, and to fatten upon the substance of the
laboring classes of society, and then, in a proper
time and prudent manner, break very genteelly.
There are two characters of breaking in this coun-
tiy—one is to break very poor, and the other very
rich; and a three hours examination of any bank
will enable it to choose between the two modes.
In fact, sir, I consider it no examination at all.
It is not within the compass of human possibility,
it is not within man's power, (the Committee for
the District of Columbia always excepted,) to
make any examination into the situation and con-
dition of a bank, and the manner and correctness
with which it has been conducted, where has been
transacted a large business for the last fifteen or
twenty years, and digest the information in an
intelligent form such as should be laid before this
House, in three hours or three days. It may take
weeks. If an examination is gone into, it should
be a thorough and satisfactoiy one. If there has
been any foul practices by it, or rotten places now
in it, undtr it, or about it, this should be fully evis-
cerated and brought before the public; it is an
important item to take into consideration, upon
the present application to renew their charters.
If the affairs of these institutions have been fairly
and honestly conducted, it is alike due to the
public and the banks that the facts shall be known
and set down to their credit. Is it possible that
the gentleman from New Hampshne can suppose
all this can be done in three hours> It is true,
sir, they may bring up the prettiest set of bank
books, more neatly bound, and more handsomely
gilt, with the finest writing; the t's all crossed
and the i's all dotted, which will exhibit a most
splendid appearance, and which will answer all
the purposes intended by a three hours' exam-
ination. But, sir, all things may notbe so smooth,
honest, and fair, when we get a peep behind the
curtain, there may be something rotten in Den-
mark.
I w ill now, sir, turn to that part of the subject
which operated upon the minds of the committee
in relation to the extension of their charters until
the 1st of October next. There are seven or eight
banks in the District; some of those, it is under-
stood, have, through all the fluctuations of the
times, whether produced by those shocks and re-
vulsions which will occasionally happen in the
moneyed concerns of any Government, or by the
celebrated panic, sustained their credit and repu-
tation by paying at all times the gold or silver for
their notes whenever they were presented, while
others (which may, in the examination of the se-
lect committee, be considered of the second class,)
did not honor their notes, but suspended specie
payments, much to the injury of the citizens of
the community who were in possession of those
notes at the time of this suspension. The first
inquiry of the committee,in regard to these banks,
will be to ascertain the causes which pioduced this
suspension, was it by causes over which the di-
rectors of these banks had no contiol, or pro-
duced by circumstances thatcould notbefoiescen,
and fairly calculated upon by exercising a reason-
able degree of prudence and precaution. Some re-
ports have gone abioad quite unfavorable to a
portion of those banks in the District, which had
suspended specie payments. It is unquestionably
due to the public and the trading community, to
ascertain the ti uth of these statements and estab-
lish the facts if they be. It is equally important
to the banks so implicated that a stuct examina-
tion should be made. If the reports are not true,
let them be honorably acquitted. I consider it due
I to them as an act of justice. It will require much
time to do all this. These charters expire on the
3d or 4th of March, and although the committee
I could accomplish the task by that time, if leave
was obtained for it to sit during the session of the
I House, yet it is an alternative to be avoided if
possible. The members of the committee have
I important business committed to them by their
, own constituents, which requires their attention,
I while the House is in session, which they cannot
1 dispense with without great delay, and perhaps
danger of its being lost for want of attention.
But separate and apart fiom the beforemen-
tioned reasons for continuing the charter of these
banks until the first of October next, the interest
of the banks and the policy of Congress both re-
quire it. It is impossible for the banks to wind
up their business in  six weeks without great
injury to themselves and the commercial com-
munity of the District. If Congress, after a full
examination of their concerns, shall not think
proper to recharter them, the time specified (the
hist of October) is as early as they can wind up
their affairs, without cieating a shock to the
moneyed concerns of the District. It is right
that a sufficient time be given for that purpose;
therefore, I am opposed to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hawes] to restrict
the time to the  1st of June.    I am equally op-
fosed to the motion of the gentleman from Rhode
sland [Mr. Pearce] which proposes an exten-
sion of the charter to the 4th of March, 1837.
It is the duty asfwell as the policy of Congress
to dispose of the whole subject, and finally, at
this session. If we fail to act upon it now, and
postpone it to the next session of Congress,
which is a short one, it cannot receive the con
sideration to which it is entitled.
And, again, Congress will be harassed with
the question some three or four weeks, much to
the detriment of other business. If it shall be
the pleasure of Congress, upon a full examina-
tion, to recharter those banks, then it will requn e
time to introduce those modifications into the
charters which time and experience has afforded,
in order to make them as perfect as possible, so
that their usefulness may be felt with as little in-
convenience to society as their practical operations
will allow, and, at the same time, to guard against
the abuses and frauds of the banking system. I
have no doubt this can be done to a considerable
extent. This is an enlightened era of the world;
the march of improvements, and inventions, and
of mind has no former example; it has outstripped
the wildest conceit that existed even fifty years
ago. There is no science which has received
more improvement and accessions of knowledge
than that of banking.
Take the same men, such of them as are yet
living, who framed the bank charter for the Uni-
ted States Bank, and let them now sit down to
the work, with the additional information and
experience they have since acquired, and they can
construct one infinitely preferable, that not one
sixteenth part of the frauds which have been
charged upon that bank, could have been com-
mitted without an easy mode of detection. But
to form such a charter it requires time.
For myself I have not much favor for the bank-
ing system, much less for its abuses. I have
never voted for but one. I had opportunities to
vote many. In some instances it may be a ne-
cessary evil. When it is so, the charters should
be so framed as to make that evil as light as pos-
sible. As to those in the District of Columbia,
I have neither partiality for, nor prejudice against
them. I think I can do justice, but in Older to
ascertain what is just, 1 hope the House will
pass the bill as it stands, which will afford both
time and opportunity to arrive at that end.
ADMISSION OF MICHIGAN.
REMARKS OF HON. E. A. HANNEGAN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
On his motion to reject a Memorial purpoiting
to come from the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the State of Michigan.
Mr. HANNEGAN, in reply to Mr. Thomp-
son, of Ohio, who proposed to him to withdraw
his motion to reject the memonal from " the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of the State of
Michigan," said, that be felt obliged to that gen-
tleman for the suggestion, as he entertained no
doubt it was  made in kindness, and so he re-
ceived it, but, under existing circumstances, he
must decline being governed by it     Whatever
, m.ght be the opinions of the  gentleman fiom
Ohio on this question, he himself could not avoid
seem  that important results to the States of In-
diana" and  Illinois were involved.    They might
1 not be equally important to the State of Ohio,
that, however, was a question to be settled by
the delegation from Ohio.    For himself and Ins
colleagues, and the delegation from the State of
Illinois, they were unanimous in the belief, that
I the acceptance of the memorial  by the House
