68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
24th Con«....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Cuthbert.
Senate.
Tvould be an indirect, if not a direct admission of i
the State of Michigan into the Union, and an ac-
knowledgment of her territorial limits as claimed
bv her constitution. That constitution has set
up a claim to a large portion of the State of In-
diana, some twelve or fifteen hundred square
miles, embracing one of the fairest portions of
the State, or indeed of the Union. Their right
Xo the jurisdiction is asserted positively and ar-
bitrarily. In so doing, they have nullified the
various laws of Congress admitting Indiana into
the Union, confirming her sovereignty, and de-
fining her boundaries: all which Congress had
done with a full knowledge of the facts and cir-
cumstances upon which Michigan now relied for
the support of the claim she had so strongly as-
serted, and so unwarrantably attempted to en-
force. Michigan, however, had not been content
with nullifying the laws of Congress alone; she
had also by these acts in Convention violated
the Federal Constitution, as would be palpable
to every gentleman who would examine the third
section of the fourth article, which says in sub-
stance, that new States may be formed, but that
no new State shall be formed, out of any existing
States or parts thereof, without the consent of
the Legislatures of such States and of Congress
having been previously obtained.
Sir, (said Mr. H.,) how is it possible for the
House to receive a memorial, couched in lan-
guage which gives it character, as in this instance,
without conceding the right of the memorialists
to the corporate and sovereign capacity they as-
sume? If you accept one act of the State of
Michigan, acknowledge her existence as such, at
one point, how can you refuse to receive her in
any attitude she may subsequently assume? If,
without qualification, this memorial should be
received and referred, as desired by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Beardsley,] with
what consistency could the House to-morrow
deny a seat on the floor, with full privileges, to
the Representative elected by the same power
that gave existence to the body which presumes
to address Congress in the capacity of an inde-
pendent sovereignty ? Certainly this House
would wish to preserve itself before the world—
would desire to avoid any act seemingly incon-
sistent.
But there was another point of view, in which
it seemed to him that the House should regard
the matter before acting. He alluded to the
high-handed and revolutionary measures which
had marked the whole course of Michigan in
asserting her right to enter the Union on equal
terms with its members. Instead of pursuing
the example of her sisters, similarly situated, on
former occasions, she had rushed violently for-
ward, and her conduct showed a determination
to seize by force upon the privileges and immu-
nities which they had desired in peace, and
received under the guarantee of law. Her whole
course, from the commencement, had been
marked by acts of lawlessness and arrogance,
disrespectful alike to the States and the Federal
Government, and he hoped the House would not
lend its sanction to such measures—measures
more decidedly revolutionary in tone and cha-
racter than had hitherto marked the history of
the Union.
It had been suggested to him by gentlemen, that
the rejection of this memorial would be a viola-
tion of the great constitutional right of petition.
This was not the case, as would appear after a
moment's examination of the ground upon which
he relied. That privilege was intended for indi-
viduals, citizens of the country, or for the estab-
lished authorities, recognized by the laws. In
this instance, a memorial was before us, from
a pretended sovereignty, whose existence had
never been acknowledged, but, on the contrary,
was utterly unknown. Congress had no right to
receive petitions or communications from a for-
eign Power; they should come to us, if made at
all, through the Executive. Would any gentle-
man pretend that this House should receive a
memorial from the Government of Great Britain,
or the provincial Parliament of Canada ? Cer-
tainly not. And yet to our constitutions and
laws, up to this time, they are no more alien than
the State of Michigan. He wished gentlemen
therefore distinctly to understand, that no one
could be further from wishing to impair, in the
slightest degree, the sacred right of petition; a
right, holy to every friend of liberty, and only
dreaded by the minions of despotism.
The pretensions now set up by Michigan
would, if they were sustained by Congress, go
to deprive Indiana of the very benefits reserved
to her from the date of the ordinance itself. The
whole object of her extending her limits on the
north to the southerly bend of Lake Michigan,
was to afford her an outlet and a harbor within
her own jurisdiction. The intention of Michigan
now appeared clearly to deprive her of these ben-
efits. What else would it amount to, if the line
should be run pursuant to the aaim of Michigan ?
Restrict her to the southern point of Lake Michi-
gan, where, from the very nature of things, it is
impossible to construct a harbor, and you make
her northern territory at once tributary to Michi-
gan. It is this state of things that Indiana would
■avoid, and it is to this to which she will never
willingly consent.
If the States of Indiana and Illinois admit no
more, by sitting quietly in this stage of the pro-
ceeding, we, as their Representatives, feel aware
that, at the least, it may be leaving ground
upon which hereafter a point may be made be-
fore the judicial tribunals of the country. We
can neither be flattered by false suggestions, nor
terrified by insidious threats, out of a conviction
so palpable to every eye. Sir, this alone is suffi-
cient to warn us that a precipice is before us.
These States have not, they cannot, they never
will, admit the jurisdiction of any tribunal over
this question other than that of arbitrary force.
They acknowledge no right of interference here
or elsewhere; and such interference, whenever
attempted in contravention of rights solemnly and
deliberately guarantied, will be met, upon the part
of the people of the State of Indiana, just as the
same attempt against their rights would be met
by the people of Virginia, Carolina, or Massa-
chusetts. They will be met, as the oppressed,
when roused by manifold wrongs, meets the in-
vader and the oppressor.
There is no man living who cherishes a more
deep and abiding devotion to the harmony and
integrity of the Union than I do; but there is a
point to which, if a State once permits herself to
be driven, she sinks forever a miserable and de-
graded object in the moral and political world.
To that point, the ultimate success of Michigan
i in relation to this boundary would drive us.
I He hoped that the House would never, directly
or indirectly, open a door to controversy involv-
ing the most serious results, and that about a
matter which the repeated action of various
branches of the Government had long since sanc-
tioned as an absolute right in the States already
formed.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
SPEECH OF HON. A. CUTHBERT,
OF GEORGIA,
In Senate, January 20, 1836.
The resolution submitted by Mr.  Benton for
appropriating the Surplus Revenue to purposes
of National Defense, was taken up as the order
of the day; when
Mr. CUTHBERT observed, that the remarks
he should make on the question then pending
would be very few in number, and very circum-
scribed in their extent. The message which had
just been received from the Executive, containing
such important matters for the consideration of
that body, rendered it the less necessary for him
to enlarge on the subject, even had it been his
intention to do so. He should, therefore, occupy
but little of the time of the Senate on the present
occasion. As all discussion of this subject must,
from its peculiar character, be of a delicate nature,
it was proper for him to wish to avoid giving
offense by any expressions which he might use in
the heat of debate. He would, therefore, express
it as his opinion, that there breathed not one
American who was desirous of a war with the
French nation; that there breathed not one Amer-
ican who would not avert it if in his power; that
•here was not one who would not consider it an
unnatural conflict between two nations bound to I
each other by the powerful ties of interest and
feeling; and that there breathed not an American
who would, even for the sake of peace and all its
blessings, be willing to sacrifice the honor of his
country. With these qualifications, he begged
that no construction of an offensive nature might
be put on any phrases or expressions he might
inconsiderately use in the hurry of debate. Let
me then (said Mr. C.) urge to those gentlemen
who may be considered in opposition to the
Government, but who, in reference to that body
solely, [the Senate,] were the Government itself,
and regulated all its movements, that the part
they had to act was an important one, and deeply
concerned th e honor and interests of their country.
It was their duty to prevent any foreign nation
from falling into the delusion that this might be
a divided people—it was doubly their duty to do
so, for they had taken it upon themselves to act
as moderators in the controversy between their
own Government and that of another country.
If (said Mr. C.) they have thus taken it upon
themselves to act as moderators, they ought to
show to the foreign nation that they will preserve
a proper portion of firmness with their mildness,
and that although they are anxious to conciliate,
they will maintain, at all hazards, the honor and
interests of their country- Was this observation
a just one? It was. Did it carry its force to
every American bosom? It did; and it was with
this view of the subject that he should briefly
occupy the attention of the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts, as chairman
of the Committee on Finance, on the last day of
the last session, reported a bill, which had been
returned with amendments to the other House,
which had come back with an additional amend-
ment to the Senate, and which amendment having
been rejected, and the rejection adhered to, the
bill was lost. It had been made a question on
this very principle, that foreign Governments
were not to be deluded with the idea of any di-
vision here, whether the course of the gentleman
was a correct one. He thought it was not. He
had always thought that in the defeat of the bill,
commonly called the "fortification bill," the
course of the gentleman on the last evening of
the last session, was, to say the least of it, indis-
creet. The gentleman declared to the Senate,
and to all the world, that it was not by his means
that a bill, so important to the nation, and in
such a doubtful posture of our foreign relations,
suffered a failure. He (Mr. C.) thought other-
wise. The Senator had appealed to the lateness
of the hour at which the bill was brought into the
Senate. Was he not as much aware, then, that
the session was approaching its close, as he was
now? If so, was the tone of his remarks such as
were calculated to preserve the bill, and further
its passage through both Houses at that late
hour ? Was his course the happiest that could
have been taken to facilitate the legislation of
Congress on matters of such various extent and
interest as were embraced in the bill ? If it was
his object to have saved the bill, peculiarly im-
portant to the country at that crisis, what should
have been his course with regard to a measure
with which his committee was peculiarly con-
cerned?
[Here Mr. Webster explained. The gentle-
man (he said) was mistaken in every fact he had
stated since he got up. He (Mr. W.) never re-
ported the bill. He had no more to do with it
than any other member of the Senate till ho
moved to reject the amendment, and the Com-
mittee on Finance had no concern with the
amendments, or the disagreement between the
two Houses.]
Mr. C. continued. He accepted the correction
of the gentleman. Voluntarily, then, the gentle-
man stepped forward; voluntarily did he make
those forcible remarks which accompanied his
■motion to reject the amendment of the other
House; and voluntarily did he cause the failure
of this important bill, if he did so cause it. How
do I (asked Mr. C.) establish these facts ? If the
gentleman had been desirous of saving this bill,
or preventing the loss of so many and important
necessary appropriations, and of avoiding the
embarrassments which that loss has occasioned,
what should have been his course? He would
have admonished the Senate that the session waa
