30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
24th Cove... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
ists, anxiously lonsring to exalt the white flag
over the tn-color. and all these embarrassed, in
a more or less decree, the operations of the party
in power There was another feature in the com-
position of the French Chambers worth attend-
in"' to They (the Chambers) rtfused to appro-
priate the money required to fulfill the stipulations
of a solemn treaty entered into by their Govern-
ment without the compliance with an extraordi-
nary condition, thereby manifesting a want of
experience tn the principles of government, that
they may vet attain, but which they must attain,
as all other Governments have, after long and
laborious application The gentleman from South
Carolina rtterred to the fr endly disposition of
the King of France (Louis Philippe) towards
this country He tells us (said Mr. C ) of the
perfect good faith and sincerity with which the
King and his Ministers have entered into this
treatv, of their anxiety to have its stipulations
carried into effect, and of their exertions to get
the necessary appropriation through the legis-
lative Chambers. But of what avail is the friend-
ship of the King, without a corresponding dispo-
tion on the part of the legislative branch of his
Government ' We cannot rely on the good dis-
position of the French King, because he cannot
control the various conflicting elements of which
his ow n Government is composed.
In the entire want of the habit of public speak-
ing, (Mr. C said,) he had passed ovcrone or two
topics which could have been profitably referred
to. He would, however, but briefly call the at-
tention of the Senate to one fact, and then close
his remarks. Was there a man there, who did
not understand one important principle in Euro-
pean politics, and one that had more than once
been acted on by this very French nation ' It
was, that in commencing a war it was their policy
to strike the first and most decisive blow, unex-
pected to their enemy, and without giving him
time for preparation. While consuming time
here (said Mr. C.) with unnecessary scruples,
and combating dangers that exist only in imagin-
ation, your commerce may be swept from the
ocean, your gallant seamen may be dispersed,
and your Navy, which has added so much to the
nation's glory, be left unmanned when called on
for action if it occurs to France (said Mr. C.)
that there is to be some signal advantage in strik-
ing us some decisive blow, what was to prevent
her seizing this advantage, if the arguments of
gentlemen prevail' Come what might, he (Mr.
C.) did not fear the result, though he was of
opinion that both honor and policy demanded
that every necessary preparation should be made.
There was a zeal, an energy, and promptitude in
this young and growing nation, equal to any
emergency, and capable of encountering and over-
coming the greatest of dangers. He relied with
the utmost confidence on the spirit and gallantry
of the Amei ican youth, who, without experience,
but stimulated by love of country, and their coun-
try 's honor, could rush unprepared into the great-
est dangers, and by their chivalrous daring, add
new renown to their country's flag It was with
the deepest interest he had read the romantic
■tory of the gallant and youthful Blakely, who,
with a crew of youthful and inexperienced sea-
men, proceeded to the British Channel, there cut
up the British commerce, and by his victorious
conflicts with the enemy, furnished the brightest
pages of our naval history, and shed an imperish-
able lustre over his early grave.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
SPEECH OF HON. H. HUBBARD,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In Senate, January 19, 1836.
The Senate having under consideration the res-
olutions moved by Mr. Benton, for setting apart
the Surplus Revenue for the defense and peí ma-
nen t security of the country, and for other pur-
poses, and the amendment to those resolutions
moved by Mr. Goldsbohough—after Mr Cuth-
bkrt, of Georgia, had finished his remarks—
Mr. HUBBARD, of New Hampshire, rose and
addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. Prkiiveht: The Senator from Georgia,
who has just resumed his seat, has undertaken [
to nariate the events of the last evening of the
last session of Congress as they transpirrd in this
Hall with reference to the progress and fate of
the " fortification bill." He lias also undertaken
to inform us of the temper and spirit which char-
acterized the debate in this Hall upon that bill. I
was not then a member of the Senate, and from
mv own knowledge, can neither affirm or dis-
affirm the correctness of the statements made by
the Senator from Georgia I have no recollec-
tion that I visited this Hall in the course of that
evening. As to what took place upon the subject
of the appropriation bills, from the time they
were introdeced here until the final action of the
Senate upon them, I shall be guided by the Jour-
nals of the Senate and of the House of Represent-
atives, and I hope to be able, from the records,
to show that neither the House of Represent-
atives, nor any committee of that body, deserve
the rebvJct—the censure—the blame which has been
imputed to them in the course of this debate.
This is all I have to offer now—all that I have to
state, before I proceed to present the precise ques-
tion now submitted to the consideration of the
Senate. What is that question ' What are the
resolutions offered by the Senator from Missouri'
And what is the amendment proposed to those
resolutions by the Senator from Maryland' They
are as follows:
" Resolved, That the surplus revenue of the United
State , and the dividends ot stock receivable from the
Bank of the United States, ought to be set apart and ap-
plied to the general delen-e and permanent security of the
countr)
" Rejoined, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed of—
" 1st  The probable amount that would be necessary for
fortifv ing the lake, maritime, and gulf frontier of the Uni
ted States and «ueh points of the land frontier as may re
quire permanent fortification
' 2d The probable amount that would be necessary to
construct an adequate number of armories and arsenals
in the United i?tate~, and to «upply the States, with field
artillery (e-pecially brass field piece ) for their militia,
and with side arms and pistols for their cavalry
' 3d   The probable amount that would bi necessary to
supply the United States with the ordnance, arm , and
munition  of war, which a proper regard to self defense ,
would require to b° always on hand
" 4th The probable amount that would be necessary to
place the naval defenses of the United States (including
the mcrea-e of the Navy, navy >ird¿, dock yard , and
steam floating batteries) upon the footing of strength and
re-pectabihtv which is due to the security and to the wel
(are of the Union "
To the foregoing resolutions, proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, the following amendment
was offered by the Senator from Maryland-          |
To strike out all after the word " resolved,"in
the first line, and to insert:                                        i
" That the general defense and permanent secuntv of the '
country are principal objects of the na'ional care, and there
fore adequate and liberal specific appropriations from the
public revenues ought regularly to be set apart and applied
to these purposes "
I feel no particular solicitude whether the reso-
lutions offered by the Senator from Missouri, or
the substitute offered by the Senator from Mary-
land, be adopted. They both look to the same
object. They both contemplate the same pur-
pose—" The general defenst—the permanent secu-
rity of our whole country." In the event of this
Senate agreeing to these resolutions or to the
amendment, it can have no other effect than to
pledge this body to give their support to such
legislative measures consequent upon the adop-
tion of the resolutions, or of the amendment, as
shall have for their object the accomplishment of
the great purpose in view, viz: the general defeme
and the permanent security of the country. Regard-
ing the subject in this light, it is a matter of
entire indifference to me whether the resolutions
or the amendment be adopted. I should wish, in
case the resolutions offered by the Senator from
Missouri should be preferred, so to alter the terms
of the first resolution as to require such a part
only of the surplus revenue of the United States
to be set apart for the objects in contemplation as
may be necessary, proper, and expedient. With
^uch an alteration in the terms of the first resolu-
tion, I should not hesitate to give to them my
hearty support—I should feel myself bound by
every consideration of public policy and of public
duly, not only to vote for them, but to vote and
to support any legislative measure necessary
upon their adoption.
The resolutions following the first call merely
for information—information which would be in
any event desirable, if not indispensable, for the
action of Congress upon this all-important sub-
ject of general defense and permanent security.
It was not my main purpose, in addressing the
Senate at this time, to discuss at length the reso-
lutions offered by the Senator from Missouri, or
the amendment proposed to those resolutions by
the Senator from Maryland. I had another ob-
ject in view, but before I proceed to state that
other object, I must ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate in submitting some few general remarks upon
the propriety, the policy, the urgent necessity of
adopting tn extenso, the resolutions of the Sena-
tor from Missouri, or the substitute offered by
the Senator from Maryland. What, sir, is in-
tended to be accomplished by the adoption liter-
ally of those resolutions ' It is proposed, in sub-
stance, that as much of the surplus revenue of
the United States as may be necessary, shall be
set apart and applied to the general defense and
permanent security of the country. The amend-
ment proposes to appropriate adequate and liberal
sums for the accomplishment of the same objects.
The first question which must present itself to the
mind is, are appropnations at this time necessary
for the general defense and permanent security of
the country ' On this point, I presume there can
be no difference of opinion, here or elsewhere.
The state and condition of our maritime and in-
land frontiers, call upon us, as the representatives
of the nation, loudly and imperatively, to pro-
vide efficiently, promptly, and without delay, for
the general defense, and the permanent security
of the country. I well remember the untiring
efforts of a distinguished gentleman from South
Carolina, no longer a member of Congress, but
who was then a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and at the head of the Committee on
Military Affairs, in the furtherance of these ob-
jects. He labored hard, he accomplished but
little, and from that time to this, the work has
progressed slowly,it remains undone Whether,
Mr. President, we are to have war, or whether we
aretoenjoyacontinuation of peace and prosperity,
I would engage, forthwith, in putting our coun-
try, our toAoie country, in perfect defense; to place
it in permanent security—every consideration of
public policy demands it. It is the voice of wisdom,
of experience, it is the lesson of history—that we
should, even in peace, piepare for war. Who can
bring to mind the disastrous, the disgraceful
events of August, 1814, without feeling his pride
as an American citizen humbled to the dust'
Who can bring to mind that the very heart of our
country was made accessible to the enemy; that
unobstructed and unopposed he crossed our Hamp-
ton roads, passed up the Chesapeake and the
Potomac, visited the city of Washington, laid
waste our Cipitol. and dined at our palace. Even
at this late day, the rehearsal of that occurrence
cannot fail to fill our hearts with chagrin and sor-
row. It is past. But should we not take counsel
from our experience' Ought we not to consider
whethei the "long sword of France " may not,
in the same way, reach through the same city, in
the event of a war with that nation' God forbid
that we should ever be disgraced by the repetition
of such a scene'—that the fair page of American
history should ever again be stained by such a
record' I would, then, Mr. President, with all
possible dispatch, make our maritime frontier im-
pregnable to any and to every foreign enemy. I
would, with all possible dispatch, complete every
fortification, man and arm every fortress connected
with the public defense, for the permanent security
of the country. I would, with all possible dis-
patch, increase our Navy, so that we could float
into every sea and into every ocean, a sufficient
force for the protection of American commerce, and
for the maintenance of American honor. I would
do all this, sir, at every hazard, and under any
circumstances I would do it from the highest
consideration of public policy. I would do all this
from a solemn sense of public duty, a duty which
we owe to ourselves, as well as to posterity. I
should not, therefore, be embarrassed as to the
course which I should pursue even if we had less
available means than we have; but, fortunately,
we «hall not be called upon in the execution of
the great work of general defense, to resort to
