39
APPENDIX It) THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the bill appropriations having not the remotest
connectionu itii the u\ lland diplomatic expends
of the Governimnt—ltdid mdtoil become mees-
lairv to change its title, but the alteration of the
title, bi it it int inhered, was the utof tht Si lí-
ate, and when it reappeared in the Hous  of
Representatives, its title was, "An act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for 1835, and for other
purposes."
1 will not undertake to say what could have
induced the Senate, twenty-four hours before the
close of the session, to send to the House the
general appropriation bill, amended by adding to
it bills which had originated in the Senate, and
whnh had not received the consideration of the
House. How it happened, I know not; it cer-
tainly must be regarded as a proceeding some-
what extraordinary But, sir, the Senator from
Massachusetts has further rebuked the House of
Representatives for not ha\ ing incorporated in
the Army bill the appropriations necessary for the
support of the West Point Military Academy
And, sir, it would occur to any man who skould
read this part of the speech of the Senator—or
should read the article w hich I have read to the
Senate, that there had been a most palpable
omission of duty on the part of the House with
reference to the appropriations for the West
Point Academy. This imputation, cast upon the
House of Representatives, is unmerited What
are the facts connected with that matter' The
West Point Academy bill was reported with the
other appropriation bills; it was confided to the
care of one of its warmest friends on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, without objection,
and without opposition on the part of the com-
mittee. Whatever may have been the opinions
of mdmdual members of that committee upon
the propriety of continuing that institution, cer-
• tain the fact is, that a bill for its support was
•easonabty reported and committed to the charge
of Mr. Bh™«t I have no doubt that gentleman
managed the bill with his usual ability and fore-
sight. He saw, beyond doubt, that there would
oe no opposition to u if it was attached by way
of amendment to some one of the appropriation
bills then pending in the Senate. He undoubtedly
supposed that such a course was the safest and
the most advisable course for him to take. He
took it. But the House is charged with suffering
this bill to sleep; and that the West Point Acad-
emy was saved by act of the Senate, and that no
thanks are due to the House, but to the Senate,
for keeping this institution alive. This is most
unjust, and most unmerited. There is not to be
found a vote upon the Journals of the House
going to show any decided opposition to the
measure. This amendment of the Senate to the
general appropriation bill was readily agreed to
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and as
readily adopted by the House of Representatives.
So much for this matter.
The Senator from Massachusetts has con-
cluded his remarks upon this bill by adverting to
an amendment which the House made to one of
the numerous amendments of the Senate. He
has amused us by giving as account of the incon-
gruity of that amendment with the title and de-
sign of the bill. The House, it is true, did amend
the amendments of the Senate by adding " a bill
making appropriations for the public buildings
and grounds, and for other purposes;" and it was
upon some of the items of this bill that the Sen-
ator saw fit to display his pleasantry and wit. I
would ask, sir, ifthere were anything more out
of the way, more strange in providing " for the
salary of the gardener employed in superintend-
ing the Capitol «piare and other public grounds,"
than in providing for the balance of the salary of
Valentine Giesy, late superintendent of the Cum-
berland road'; anything more extraordinary forim-
pronng Lafayette square, than for compensating
Lemuel Slater for his services' None, unless it
be in the quarter from whence those amendments
proceeded. The first and third weTe included in
the amendment proposed by the House. The
second and last were amendments proposed by
the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts next pro-
ceeds to give us what he calls a narrative of the
proceedings of the two Houses upon the forüfi-
National Defense—Mr. Hubbard.
cation bill, and it was the fate of that bill which
Ins eluited this debate. The recollt etion of the |
Senator and my own do not in all particulars
agree. After having read the Senator's speech,
I ft It myself colli d upon, from the eircumstanets
to whuli I have alr< ady referíed, that of being a
member of the last House of Representatives, of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and also of
the committee of conference, to give my account
of the rise, progress, and final loss of that bill.
The fortification bill was reported to the House,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, on the
2d of January, 1835, it passed that body on the
20th of January; it was on the same day received
by the Senate, and on the 24th day of February—
thirty-five days after it was first received by the
Senate—it passed that body with amendments.
The Senator says, and says truly, that it was
sent back to the House on Tuesday, the 24th
day of February, a week before the adjournment
of Congress, and asks how it happened that this
bill remained from the 24th of February, until
the evening of the last day of the session '
Sir, I can only answer this inquiry by referring
to the Journals Within this period of time, the
House w as called on to consider the amendments
w Inch the Senate had made to the general appro-
priation bill, the amendments which they had
made to the bill making appropriation for building
hght-boats, beacons, ¿Cc, the amendments which
the Senate had made to the bill making appropri-
ations for Indian annuities, &c , with a mass of
other public as well as private business, together
with the absorbing questions connected with the
resolutions which had been reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, upon the subject of
our affairs with France. There was no delay
which could be avoided, and if, by unavoidable
occurrences, the action of the House on this bill
was delayed until the very last day of the ses-
sion, the greater the necessity for a conciliatory
and an accommodating spirit—the greater the
necessity for not being over nice and scrupulous
touching the forms of proceeding. It is true, that
not until the last day of the session did the House
come to any agreement upon the amendments pro-
posed by the Senate to the fortification bill
Since I came into the Senate this morning, I
have procured from the files of the Senate the
original bill, with the amendments reported from
the Committee on Finance. The first amendment
recommended was to increase the appropriation
for rebuilding Fort Delaware, i'rom seventy-five
to one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. The
second amendment proposed was for the arma-
ment of fortifications, one hundred thousand dol-
lars. The third amendment made, was upon the
motion of the Senator from Missouri, for an ap-
propriation for the repair of Fort Mifflin. The
fourth,fifth,and sixth amendments were reported
from the Committee on Finance, and were as
follows-
"That the «urn of seventy five thousand dollars be, and
the same is hereby, appropnated toward the repiir of the
fortifications on Castle [-land, in the harbor of Bo-ton, ac
cordtngto the plan submitted by the Board of Engineers on
the thirteenth dav of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
four, the same to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwi-e appropriated "
'•That the sum of one hundred thousand dollars be, and
the same u hereby, appropriated oat of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be applied or ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary ot War, in ira-   ,
proving the defenses within the State of Maryland "            I
"That the Seoretary of War be, and he is hereby, au-
tbonzed to purchase six acres of land adjoining Fort Mc
Henry, near Baltimore, being the same rented from the
heirs of the late Philip Swartzance "
When the House of Representatives first acted j
on these amendments proposed by the Senate,
they agreed to the second, third, and sixth amend-
ments, and ultimately agreed to the first and to
the fifth, with an amendment, leaving only the
fourth amendment, which had also been agreed
to in the first instance by the House, with an  i
amendment embraced in the following section,  |
which the House proposed to add:
" That the sum of three millions of dollars be, and the
same 19 hereby, appropriated out of fftiy money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended, in
whole or 111 part, under the direction of the President ot the
United ¡states, for the military and naval service, including
fortifications and ordnance and increase ot the Navy.
Promdefy Such expenditure  «hall be rendered necessary
for the defease of the country pnor to the next meeting of
Congress."
Senate.
It follows, then, from all this, that the House
felt an anxious solicitude for the passage of this
bill, that, so far from opposing its pas^a^e, they
asstnted to the various amendments of the Senate;
and it is matter of history, in relation to the pro-
ceedings of the two Houses upon this very bill,
that the House had yielded the objections which
it at first entertained as to the propriety of the
very-appropriations embraced in the amendments,
and ultimately agreed to pass each of those with
one amendment.
It will appear, distinctly appear, by a refer-
ence to the House Journals, that while the fort-
ification bill was under consideration, Mr Ever-
ett, of Massachusetts, moved the following
amendment:
" For the preservation of Castle Island, and for repairing
the fortifications on Castle Island, in Boston harbor, &c ,
$75,000."
That Mr. McKim moved to amend the bill by
adding—
" For repairing Fort McHenrv, at Baltimore, and for put-
ting the same in a proper state ot defense, $50,000 "
Both of the propositions were rejected on a
vote by yeas and nays in the House—the first by
a majority thirty-three—yeas 87, nays 120, the
second by a majority of sixty-three—yeas 66,
nays 129, and yet, after the Commute on Finance
had kept in their possession this very bill thirty-
five days, they reported it the Senate with amend-
ments; and two of the amendments proposed
were, in truth, the amendments which had been
rejected by the House. Yet, sir, the House gave
up their objections to these very items, so anxious
were they to secure the passage of the fortifica-
tion bill They not only agreed to the other
amendments, but they reversed their former de-
cision, and agreed to one and all the amendments
proposed by the Senate, with an additional section,
proposing an appropriation of $3,000,000 for the
defense and permanent security of the country.
Is there a man within our Republic who does not
regret, most deeply regret, the loss of the fortifi-
cation bill of the last session' Is there a man,
in office or out of office, on the sea-board or in
the interior, who does not now regret, most deeply
regret, that the appropriation proposed by the
House at the last session, " for fortifications, for
ordnance, and for the increase of the Navy," did
not become a law ' I will not believe, I cannot
I believe, that there is an individual between Maine
and Florida, between the lakes and the ocean,
who does not,in truth and in soberness regret it.
The House, in perfect good faith, and under a
deep conviction that the state of the country re-
quired that a large amount should be appropriated
for the purpose of general defense, proposed this
appropriation as an amendment to the Senate's
amendment. At that late period of the session
it could not have accomplished this object in any
other way. It was not for the reason that the
House objected to the fourth amendment of the
Senate, but it was merely and solely forthe purpose
of obtaining a large appropriation for the objects
specified in the amendment, which induced the
action of the House—an appropriation which not
only the defenseless state of our whole maritime
and inland frontiers demanded, but which the pe-
culiar exigency of the times—the state and pos-
ture of our affairs with France, called loudly and
pressingly on Congress to make.
How was this feeling met' How was this
proposition treated by the Senate > There could
be no misapprehension—no mistake about the
object; and yet no sooner was the communica-
tion made—no sooner was the amendment read
at the table of the Secretary, than the Senator
from Massachusetts moved to disagree to the
amendment. The motion was carried. The House
were informed of this proceeding of the Senate.
A motion was then made for the House to recede
from their amendment. That motion was nega-
tived by a decided majority. Information was at
once communicated to the Senate; and, without
any intervening motion, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts moved that the Senete adhere to their
vote of disagreement. This proceeding on the
part of the Senate has been justly commented
upon by the Senator from Georgia.
It is unnecessary for me to add to his remarks.
Certainly it was, considering the lateness of the
hoar, a most embarrassing, a truly unfortunate
