1836J
AF$e$OTx TO. THE COiNGgE^BlONAL, GLOBE,
35
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr, Hubbard.
Senate.
don1 mor1 than was done ou this, occasion. He
bi ought the subject-matter to the consult ration of
Concuss. He lonfitlt d in thou dibcn tion. Hf
kft it for Congress ti do whatever ti y might
think propt r to do He called f >r no d fii Ue—no
pi ei^i i ipioprntio'i He finked for no distinct
at ion on tin part of Congr ss Such a coulee
w Oi kl, i i ni / a i w , havi bet n wrong Pie com-
mit! d uiselii, jud aou-Jii—properly committid—
the ivhole niattf'i to Co lgress,, itlyinj that every
m a-uic> w ' u bo adopted whieh tin honoi, the
safi tv, the interest of the country demanded.
[A i. Hibbard here gave way to a motion for .
an adjournment.]^                                                          !
Wednesday, January SO, 1836.
Mr. HUBBARD. When the Senate adjourned
laste\ enmg, I had submitted all the remarks w hich
I had intended to have submitted m lelation to
the proceedings of tin two Houses of Congress at
the last ses&ion upon the appiopjiation bills, and
Particularly upon the fortification bill, as it has
een familiar1 y called in the coiuse of this debate.
I had clideavoied to answer the first giound of
objection taken by the Senatoi fiom Massachu-
setts in his opposition to the amendment of the
House to that bill. I can assure the Senate that
in doing what I have done, in doing what I have
to do, I have felt impelled by a sense of duty
which I owed to mv «onstituents, to myself, as
well as to the last House of Representatives, of
which I was a number. Whethei I have been
able to set history right touching the proceedings
of the two Houses of the late Congress on the last
evening of their session, Í leave for otheis to de-
cide. It has been jny puiposo faithfully to state
the facts m the order m which, they transpired.
It cannot be denied that the fortification bill was
lost, it had passed the House of Representatives.
It had passed the Senate with amendments; those
amendments were principally concurred in, one j
was agieed to with an amendment, and the con-
sequent action of the two Houses upon the sub-
ject of this last amendment, proposed by the
House of Repi esentatives, teiminated in the sac-
rifice of the bill itself.
It is but au act of justice to the chairman of
the committee of conference on the part of the
House, to say, that so late was the hour of the
night, so determined was a portion of the House,
that the constitutional power of that body had
ceased long before the chairman came in with his
report, that it was in my opinion utteily out of
his power, and out of the power of any other
person, to have induced any action of the House
upon the subject of that report, for this plain
icason that a large and respectable number of that
House cons"ientiously believed (if their declara-
tions lie credited) that they had no light, under
the Constitution, to act upon any subject of legis-
lation—they believed that their functions had
ceased. This was, sir, the sentiment, as I íe-
marked yesterday, of Mr. Gilmer, of Geoigia,
and also of one or more of his colleagues. This
opinion, whether right or wrong, influenced the
course of many meinbeis of that House. The
gentleman from Georgia, to whom I liave referred,
stated in Ins place, before even the committee of
conference waa organized, that the hour of twelve
had arrived. Before the committee could have
«■ven agreed upon any report, Mr. Jarvis, of
Maine, offered a resolution " that the hour having
an rved when the tern for which this House was
elected has expired, we do now adjourn." I
aay, then, en, in justice to the chaiiiuoii of the
committee, that there was no quorum of the
House in attendance; which fact was ascertained
by taking the yeas and nays, as well as by tellers,
attei be came into the House with the report of
the committee of conference. And, Mr. Presi-
dent, after the message of the Senate was com-
municated to the House—
"Mr C vttBKFiENo, the chairman o<" the eonfcees on
th° pirt of tin- IIou e then rose, and stated that lie de-
fliiKil to nuke irtportof the pro-erding-s-of the committee
of (oii*( 'diet More j'd, o i the ground that, from the vote
o,i t'le r< olu'ir n g'uiting c l.pp nidation to Robert P
I ('ch >r, Wiiitli voter a- At titled at the timcth" committee
r< t ii nf ti into the I'on-e from the c-inference, it wa* aseer
t uii< (i tli t i qiiorn n vas not present, and further, that he
il (lini l to ■ ii'i^ t'.e said re por , on th  ground that the
coa litutioiidl te in tor vv inch this House had been fhoscii
had expired "
Mr. Lewis, from the confereeb, then made a
repoit, as, follows:
" The conferee- had agreed to recommend to the iesp ct
ive llou-t-, t latt'ie liou eotltepte emativi-recul nom
it- lineadme lit continim.; in pppioprution Oi t*ir mi Uors
of dollar-, to b° expon I d m v iiol<> or in part, under th"
direction ot the l'levident, tor the military and naval ser
vice, including fortifications and ordninci, and incii a-e ol
the nav,, and thai, m U j tin reot, the bill be amended by
lii-erting th ram the following, vi7
" V- in idditional appropriation, the sum of three hun-
dred thousand dollar* shall be appropriated tor armi'ig the
fortification- oí the United States, over and above the sums
provided in tin- act, and that the sum ot five hundí oil
thou-and dollar* «hall he, and hereby r*, appropnited lor
the repairs and equipment of the vei-ol i of w ar of the Uni
ted States, in ¡tddiHon to previous appropriations, the said
sums to be paid out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wi-e appiopnated
"The item proposed by the conferees m lieu of the
amendment of the House was then read, and the question
wa- stated, that the Hou^e do adopt the same; when it was
objected that a quorum was not pre-ent; and, thereupon,
Mr CiMiiurLt -¡a and Mr Lfwis were appointed telle r- to
return the Hou«e , vid the House being counted, tne tellers
reported that a quorum was not present "
The Senator from Virginia, in the conclusion
of his speech, remarked, " Why or how it hap-
* pened that the result of the compromise was
'not repotted to the House of Representatives,
' why oi how that House was induced to suffer a
' bill of that importance to be lost by its own m-
' action, he did not pretend to know, no had heard
' something, and he had his suspicions or con-
jectures, but it was not proper or decent, it
' would be disorderly to say what he suspected."
For one, Mr. President, I know not, I cannot
conceive, to what the Senator refer3, unless it be
to an allegation made about the time through the
public journals. What reliance could be placed
upon that statement, may be gathered from a
publication mseited in one of the newspapers in
the city of Philadelphia, made as late as the 1st
of May last. I have subjoined the following ex-
tract from the National Gazette. The chaige
made, and the answer to the charge, are infer-
able, from a persual of the extract:
[rrom the National Gazette.]
"Last week we gave, m an editorial article, a statement
of the causes of the failure of the lortifieation bill at the last
session of Coagress. That «tafment was derived from
several highly re-peetable source,, we b=heved it to be
correct, and we are sure that the particulars were deemed
certain by the informants in substance, it had appeared
in other new-papers , and a- the lo-s of the fortification
bill wa- i -eriou- wrong and evil, we endeavored to a*cer
tain th( r->a! hi torj ot the case Y( -terday we received
from Mr Forsvth.the decretar) of State, a letter, in which
the statement is contradicted in the part that relates to him
and Mr Vau Buren We subjoin the text of hi  contra
diction
"'The course pursued bv Mr Cambrelen; i- imputed
' in th >t article to advice given to lum bj Mr Van Burt i
' and iny-elf, to prevent the repon ibinty ot the 1 nlurt of
'the bill liom falling upon the f'r -lduit of the LiniiJ
' State I am sonv to hi obliged to in onn \ ou th it \ our
' paper 1 as been made the m-trumentof in lt'ipo-itiO'i upon
'the public The statenvnt. as regards Mr Van liuren
' and my-elt, is m every re-jiect untrue ' "
With reference to this groundless charge, Mr.
Cambreceng himself addressed a letter, which I
also subjoin:
"Mvnsion House, March 31, 1835.
" To the Editor of the National Gazette
' '¡ill On mv arnval in tins citj, I find, in the National
Giz ti" of the ¿7th in-tant, an editorial article vvhith ap
poar- to be toundi d upon information denvtd from some
of' the most respectable members of the House,' and
' Senator*, too, ot the highest character,' concerning the
proposed appropriation ot toreo mUhons, and the fortifica
tion bill.
'• In regard to the notice I gave the House of mj inten
tion to move to lay the third re-olution on the table, as I .
pioposed to offer an amendment to the fortification bill, '
Hiitlioruirig a conditional appi opriation of three millions tor
the dc< n-e ot the country, it i- «tated in tlie.irticle referred
to that ' it is denwd by some ot thP mo-t re-pectablc inem-
' bers of the Hou-e, who were in positions to know what
'passed, that any such notice was heard, or heard of, m
' the Home Senators, too, of the highest character, aver
' that they were not apprised of it' I regret, sir, that you
should h ive been impo-t d upon no doubt unintentionally,
by authority «o respectable Bv relerrine to the files of the
Globe, and also ot the Intelligencer, vou will find the no-
tice reported m both papers in Ur.^ua^e v. Inch could not
hive been eii-under-tooj an 1 in ai ipi * time to liavegiveu
the reformation to everv member of both Hou-es
"The other statement, that 'Mr Van Buiuv and Mr
Forsyth advi-ed Mr Cambreleng to abstain from rej>ort-
ing the comprqmi-c, and to l^t tin I>u' di 1,1 the Hou e,' 1-
unequivocaHy fal e, whether foundi-d or not on the «nm •>
' mo-t re-|K?et«Me' authority, or on the statements of gen-
tlemen ot < the highest character. 
" I aiu, very resnectliiUy, &«.,
, "C. C. CUuuutuatq. 
All tint I ha\c to say with n fi ronce to this
matte i>3, that 1 had no knov ledge of a'iy such
occurrence, aod |<? any such *i uisactKm e^er did
take pbee, let tie nu hois Tid the atiettois be
expound, that the jmbhc uiJig'rtion may rest
whi'c it s'i^uld test If it b" scandal, pitiful,
contoinpti'il , msoiallf1 s-andal, then let the
odium re&t on *ts> malignant author, be he whom
he may.
TheSenator from Massachusetts, speaking of
the couise of the President in relation to a vote
of the Senate inde'imtely postponing the nomina-1
tion of a Judge of the Supreme Court, remarked
" that this \ote of the Senate was carried to the
President's room by theSecretary of the Senate,"
and the " President told the Secretary that it was
' more than an hour past twelve o'clock, and
1 that he could recerve no further communications
' from the Senate, and immediately after, as I have
' understood, left the Capitol. The Secretary
' brought back the paper containing the certified
' copy of the vote of the Senate, and indorsed
' thereon the substance of the President's answer,
' and also added that, according to Ins own watch,
' it was a quarter past one o'clock.
"Thee are two views, sir, in which this oc1-
*  currcncc may well deserve to be noticed. One
' is a connection which it may perhaps have with
' the loss! of the fortification bill; the other is its
*  general importance, as introducing a new rule,
'or a new practice, respecting the intercourse
' between the President and the Houses of Con-
' gres:s on the last day of the session.
"On the first point I shall only observe that
' the fact of the President having declined to
"* receive tins communication from the Senate,
'rnd of his having left the Capitol, was ímmedi-
'a'ely known in the House of Representatives;
' that it was quite obvious that he could not re-
' ceive a communication from the Senate, neither
"* could he receive a bill from the House of Rep-
1 resentatrves for his signature. It was equally
' obvious that if, under these circumstances, the
f House of Representatives should agree to the
' report of the committee of conference, so that
' the bill should pass, it must, nevertheless, fail to
' become a law for want of the Presidt nt's sig-
* nature; and that, in that case, the blame of losing
' the bill, on whomsoever else it might foil, could
* not be laid upon the Senate."
What does this statement of the gentleman
show' One fact most distinctly, that this com-
munication from the Senate was made as late as
a quarter past one of the clock in the morning of
the 4th of March. Another fact, also, is drawn
from this statement, that the circumstance was
immediately known in the Hou-e of Representa-
tivi s, and that it produced an influence upon that
body, m relation to their proceedings on the re-
port of the committee of conference. The fact
that the President had refused to receive a com-
munication from the Senate at a quarter past one
o'clock, says the gentleman, was known m the
House of Representatives, and influenced the ac-
tion of that body, with reference to the report of
the committee of conference; and for what put-
pose ' To save the President from the blame which
would necessanly attach to him, in the event that the
report should be agreed to—the bill should pass,
and his signature should be withheld. This is
certainly an asiumption somewhat extravagant
and extraordinary. The gentleman does not tell
us how the President became acquainted with the
then condition of the fortification bill, or how the
House became informed of the decision of the
President, in refusing to receive the communica-
tion from the Senate. I had supposed, from the
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, as well
as from the remarks of other gentlemen, that it
was contended that this íeport of the committee
of conferí nee was made to the two Houses be-
fore the hour of twelve o'clock, and therefore
should ha\e been acted on. I now learn from
the statement of the gentlt man, that as late as a
quarter past one o'clock th" determination of the
President was known; and that sealed the fate Of
the bill. Sir, this is far-fetched. The decision of
a majority of the House, with reference to the
f ji ti hcation b'll, and with reference to every other
Cubhc nva'UHc, was fixed and deteimined  long
pfore the hour of one o 'clock in the morning
The last publrc business which was done in the
