38
•*AÍf¥ErMx TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&fe.
[January 90)
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Hubbard.
Sknatk.
the execution of a law containing, in precise
terms, such an appropriation—no one, to whom
such an expenditure should lv confided, would
presume to lay out a single dollar of the appro-
priation except upon the very objects specially
enumerated m the amendment — "Jjilijicalions,
ordnance, ii/;<i increase e/í.'if A'iri/." It' the unu nd-
nient had not contained the word " inc'uding,"
there would be no room for doubt. If the
amendment, instead of the word '• including,"
had used the word meaning, there could be no
doubt.
In mv apprehension, then,without committing
any violence upon language, such a construction,
plain, common-sense construct ion, could be fa'rly
made as to the amendment, which would, in ciTect,
entirely exempt it from the objection stated by the
Senator. Cut take it as it is—in its broadest
sense—and accept the description of the Senator
from Massachusetts, "that it is as general as lan-
guage could make it,''yet it is no departure from
the authority of precedents. Our statute-books
are replete with appropriations as general, as un-
defined, as unlimited, as the appropriation pro-
posed by thf- amendment of the House to the for-
tification bill. I will here give to the Senate
precedents, to show what has been the legislation
of ConsTess upon this subject ever since the adop-
tion of the Constitution. At the very first session
of Congress, immediately after the adoption of the
Constitution, when iis provisions must have been
familiar to every man who composed that assem-
bly, an appropriation bill was passed, and ap-
proved by Washington himself, for the service
of the year 178*.', from which I make the follow-
ing extract:
"That there be appropriated for the «f-rvicc of the pres-
ent year, a «=nm not cxc-endinsr *J16.000. for defraying the
expenses of the civil list under the late and present Govern-
ment ; a sum not excecdint; «137 .Ü0U, for defraying the ex-
penses of the Department of War.''
And on the 2d of March, 1801, an appropria-
tion bill was passed, and approved by the then
President, from which I make the following ex-
tract:
" For the fortification of ports and liarliors within the
United States, the sum of <$230.iKW. For tho fabrication
of cannon and small-arms, and the purchase oi' ammuni-
tion, being the balance of appropriition< unexpended,
which have been carried to the surplus fund. .?400,000.:'
It would seem that no language could be used
more general, less specific, than the language
used in the two preceding- extracts, and the appro-
priations proposed by them as unlimited as the
appropriation proposed by the amendment in ¡
question.                                                                       !
The Senator has referred to the doctrines of !
Mr. Jefferson upon this subject, and asks, "what ',
'have the friends and admirers of Mr. Jefferson ,
'to say to this'appropriation?   Have they for-
'gotten, all  forgotten,  and  wholly  abandoned '
' even all pretense for specific appropriation ?   If j
rnot, how could they sanction such a vote as ¡
' this?"    There is nothing in the writings of the
individual to whom the Senator has referred, con-
veying a sentiment that an appropriation like the
one proposed by the House in their amendment,
is an infringement of the Constitution.    In his
first message to Congress, he holds that—" In our
' care, too, of the public contributions intrusted
' to our direction, it would be prudent to multiply
' barriers against their dissipation, by appropn-
' ating specific sums to every specific purpose
' susceptible of definition; by disallowing all ap-
' plications of money varying from the appropri-
' ation in object, or transcending it in amount; by
'reducing the undefined field of contingencies,
* and thereby circumscribing discretionary powers
' over money, and by bringing back to a single
' department all accountabilities for money where
' the examination  may be prompt, efficacious,
"and uniform."
The whole amount of the doctrine ofMr. Jeffer-
son was, as dedueible from the preceding extract,
that specific appropriations should be encouraged
with a view to a corresponding accountability.
Examine the proposed amendment of the House,
and there is no doubt that there is not only " de-
signation of object," but a clear accountability
created. The purpose of Mr. Jefferson is well
«secured by the appropriation contained in the
jwnehdment of the House. But we arc not with-
out authority, even in the days, and under the I
administration of Mr. Jefferson, for this pro-
ceeding of the House. In 1S0Ü an appropriation
was made '■ for orec'ing and completing fortifi-
cations and barracks, §70,500;'* without defining
what portion of this sum should be expended
upon fortifications, and what portion shou'd be
expended upon barracks—without defining in
what S>at" f"rtifie;itiuns should lie eree'ed, and
m what they should, not—confiding the whole
expenditure to the executive. In IRO.I a bill
passed, appropriating" for fortifications, arsenals,
magazines, and armories, §109,6% ?8;" and in
1^07, Congress passed an act, which was ap-
proved by Mr. Jefferson, as general and as unde-
fined as the amendment in question. It gave to
the President authority to expend the whole ap-
propriation upon what port or upon what har-
bor lie might please. He had power to expend
it in fortifying the harbors upon the lakes, or in
protecting the ports upon the sea-board. There
was one all-important and essential ingredient in
every appropriation, clearly preserved; and that
was accountability to Congress—responsibility
to the nation. Precisely so in the amendment to
the fortification bill, as proposed by the House.
It not only fixed the sum, and, with sufficient
degree of certainty the objects, but a clear re-
sponsibility—a direct accountability upon the
person charged with the expenditure. I would
ask any candid person to show the difference be-
tween the following appropriations, made by Con-
gress in 1S?07: "That a sum of money, not ox-
' eeeding one hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
' in addition to the sums heretofore appropriated,
' be, and the same is hereby appropriated, to en-
' able the President of the United States to cause
'the ports and harbors of the United States to be
' better fortified and protected;" and that con-
tained in the amendment of the House.
As late as 1812, when the honorable Senator be-
fore me (Mr. Calhoun) was in Congress, aiding
with all the powers of his mind to advance the in-
terest, by maintaining the honor of his country—
an appropriation bill was passed, providing, "that
' the sum of §500,000 be, and the same is hereby
' appropriated, in addition to the sums already
1 appropriated, for the purposes of fortifying and
' defending the maritime frontier of the United
' States; and that the same be paid out of any
' moneys in tile Treasury not otherwise appro-
'priate'd."
No proposition could be more general in its
terms, no one could be more comprehensive in its
objects. It embraced the whole subject of fortify- [
ing and defending the maritime frontier of the
United States, in just the way and manner the Ex-
ecutive should determine. The bill was strenuous-
ly opposed in the House of Representatives, but
was finally passed by a large majority, and among
those voting for this appropriation will be found
the name of the Senator before me; and also the
name of Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, whose views
upon constitutional power are well known. If
possible a still more undefined and unlimited ap-
priation was made under the same Administra-
tion, providing "That the sum of $500,000 be,
' and the same is hereby appriatcd, in addition to
' the sums already appropriated, for the purposes
' of fortifying and defending the ports, harbors,
' and maritime frontier of the United States."
Prom thecasescited, from the precedents which
have been referred to, there seems to be no lack
of authority for the proceeding of the last House
of Representatives upon this subject.   There is
an indispensable necessity growing out of the
complicated and multifarious business of Con-
gress to make general appropriations, confiding
the expenditure to persons of responsibility,    ft .
is not the sum of an undefined appropriation which '
makes it unconstitutional.    If you appropriate
$10,000 for contingencies without specifying any \
object, it is just as, and nomore, unconstitutional
than it would be if you appropriate $10,000,000
for like purposes.                                                        i
We are in the habit, year following year, of
granting money for contingent expenses to every '
Department; and to every subordinate bureau
under the Government, and to both Houses of
Congress such appropriations are made. They
are not specific—they could not be so, but are
they less constitutional?                                             j
The very amendment proposed by the Senator !
himself to the fortification bill has not the char-
t acterof a specific appropriation—"$100,000 for
improving the defenses within the Slate of Mary-
land."
In all these appropriations the great principle
to be preserved is accountability. No matter
what may be the terms of an appropriation bill,
keep alive a due responsibility in the expend-
iture of the people's money, and you will not fail
to preserve inviolate the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in conclu-
sion, remarked, that he dare not prophecy how
long the Senate coidd bear this partisan warfare;
thnt unless there be an adherence to the consti-
tutional principles which the Senate have sus-
tained—unless " we can give to true principle its
superiority over party," then there arc among
the living those in the land who will record the
last days of the Republic. Where docs the Sen-
ator perceive ground of apprehension ? Where
exists the cause of alarm? Not in the spirit of
enterprise which is nbroad in the land. Not in
the unexampled prosperity of our common coun-
try. Not in the extraordinary success which
crowns the efforts of every class of our citizens.
Not in the elevated character and condition of
the moral, religious, and literary institutions of
the Union. These realities are within the range
of every man's observation. It would indeed be
difficult to imagine where arc concealed the fires
which are to consume the free institutions of the
Republic.
It would, indeed, be difficult to imagine where
exist the imminent dangers which are besetting
us and threatening to involve in one common
ruin the labors, the intelligence, the experience)
of half a century. Where is the destroying
wave, the overwhelming cataract? Mr. Presi-
dent, there is more fancy than fact, more poetry
than prose in the description of surrounding dan-
gers. We are constantly reminded of the great
contest now waging between power and liberty;
we are told, day following day, of violations Of the
constitutional compact. But, thanks be to Heaven,
the country is safe, the people prosperous and
happy. When the Senator adverts to the un-
tiring efforts of the Senate to maintain sacred and,
inviolate " the stern and sturdy principles of the
■ Constitution," does he intend to say that the
other branches of the Government are less faith-
ful in the way of duty ? Will he assert that the
Representatives of the people disregard the pro-
| visions of that instrument ? Sir, I cannot believe
i it. The frequency of elections is the political
thermometer in the hands of the people by which
the character and fidelity of every public servant
! is determined. If the Representative fails to exe-
cute the trust confided to him, there will be no
failure on the part of the constituent in the dis-
charge of his duty.
I am free to say, Mr. President, that I, for
one, have no fears, no apprehensions, for the
permanency of our institutions, for the peace and
security of this Republic, and for the preservation
and perpetuity of the Federal Constitution. Sir,
I do not believe that there are among the living
those who will record its last days. There is
too much intelligence, tbo much virtue, too much
patriotism abroad in the land to warrant any such
declaration, or to justify any such conclusion.
I will not believe that there exists any party, in
any section of our happy country, who would,
if they could, sow the seeds of disunion; who
could, if they would, produce a dismemberment
of this Confederacy. The bond of union is too
strong to be severed by light causes. It is a
. union of interests, established by the services,
1 and sealed with the common blood of our revo-
lutionary fathers. Such an union will continue
; unbroken, undissolved, unimpaired, as long as
virtue and intelligence shall find a resting-place
in our land.
What remains to be done ? What is the voice
of wisdom and experience ? What are the les-
sons derived from history? Jill combine to teach
us, in time of peace, of general tranquillity, to
prepare for the greatest of all calamities —a
national war. What then remains for the Con-
gress of the United States, the representatives of
more than fourteen millions of people, to do now,
promptly and efficiently ?   Sir, nothing less th'aa
