40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfrE.
[January H6r,
Q-Itii Cono....1st Sess.
of Mich « cms-, than from any idea of authority
l)rp,>«ii in the coiuinituf. The deposit qui s-
l.o 'lull !>%'!i sr"<- prteni. n>e in this iiwnntr
,>\. i al' o'*v i ni-- 11 ^s. Hu' the pmposiaoii b<-
t >!■> t i. Hon* i  not only to *•> ' ipait the whoie
t.tii. of tint H<.us  to tlu constd. union of a par-
lieiilir mil or measure, nor to bills of the same
nature m ¡ill rt spvcts, but to all the appropriation
bills, including die bill for the support of the In-
(iuui dt p irtmiiit. This i:-, u bill winch the Com-
mittee on Indian All ma may and will claim the
rislit ot' examining before it shall past  this House;
ot U ast, so much of it a* shall propose the appro-
priation of money not specifically authorized by
existing laws. As to the Army and Navy bills,
tture mav be sonu semblance of light m the
Committee on Foreign Vffurs to urge their con-
sideration, since thai i omnnttee maj be pit sumed
to ha\o some more know It dirt of the state of our
fort iijii relations th in tlu other comniuti_t_¡> of the
House, and mav thus st e more clt arl v than others
the propriety of proceeding without delay to their
consideration. But why include all the appro-
priation bills' Why ask the House to come to
a determination to take up not the Army, not the
Navy bill, nor both together, but all ' What
must be the consequence of this couise of pro-
ceeding, if it shall be adopted by the House' It
proposes the exeiusn e attention of the House to
dry and not very mteresting detail—to figures and
calculations for months and months together.
No measure of a local or other nature, however
interesting to large sections of tin Union it may
be, will be suffered to be taken up. It is known
that there are many measures of this nature hi -
fore the Hoife, and that a large proportion of
the members feel a deep inttn st in taking thtm
up, but it will not be in their power todo so,
until all the appropriation bills are voted The
consequence -will be, to críate a feeling of rtst-
lesaness in the House—to «i ar out its pitii.net ,
to cut off and suppress discussion and mvt auga-
tion into the various items in the appropriation
bills, and finally to force them down, ,\ithout a
proper examination into their corrects ss. The
previous question will be the instrument by which
those bills are to be forced throusrh en masse. It
is an unusual and unparliamentary mode of pro-
ceeding. The substance of the proposition is to
take up all the appropriation bills on Tuesday
next, and to admit no other business to interfere
until we agree to alt of them. This is what is
asked.
The gentleman from Virginia  [Mr. Mason]
haa read, rather artfully, a passage from the late
special message of the President, in which large
and immediate appropriations are recommended,
in order to show this House, not what the Presi-
dent requires it to do-, oh no,but what the coun-
try expects from it.    We all know, and feel, that
the recommendation of the President is a power-  1
ftl argument in this House at this time; but, sir, '
is it fair to be always holding up such argument  ¡
to influence the action of this House >   I will not
say that it is unfair, but why have we such things
eternally  pressed  upon  us >   If there is a real
necessity for immediate action upon those bills,
from what cause have proceeded the delays which
have already taken place >    Why bring forward
this measure to-day'   Where has slept the rec- I1
'ommendation of the special message until now ' ,
What has called the attention of the Committee  ,
on Foreign Relations to this subject, particularly i j
at this time'   The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means had got it into his  head .
some two weeks ago that it Was important to ,
take up the appropriation bills.   He was at that
time so anxious and impatient to get at them,  j
that he could not spare a few hours or a day for I,
tho discussion and amendment of the rules of the I
House; though, for want of such amendment, we.
have already lost a full month of the time of this
House during the present session; but before we
had prepared the rules and orders of our proceed-
ings—br forp we had got ready the machinery— i
the tools by winch we were to work, he called  |
upon the House to proceed to the appropriation
bills.    Well,   sir, what happened  then'    Some
discussion arising upon the first bill which was
taken up, it was laid aside, and the Navy bill  '
was brought tip  for consideration.    That was   |
«onaidered one day, and the next it was slipped  I
National Defease—Mr. Bell.
away from us—no, sir, I will not say slipped
away, foi I mean nothing disuspectful—but, sir,
the Navy bill was in turn I nd down unfinished,
and on the motion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Wa\ s and Means, the bill for the rt lief
of the New Yoik sufieicis by fire was t iken up,
and after speaking some days upon this bill, it
was hud aside, according to the practice of the
House; for this, sir, is now our pi actio-. There
is no re mi dy under the present rules and order
of our proceedings Every one must now see
and feel that every decision that is made by the
Chair, or by the House, upon the rules, only
makes " confusion worse confounded. '* I know,
sir, the embarrassment product d by this state of
things. I know, sir, that an honest man in that
chair must feel gieatly embarrassed by the pres-
ent state of the rules of the House. If he is par-
tial, or prejudiced, or desires to favor one side or
the othi r in the llouse, he has it completely in
his povvtr to do so; he has the command of the
business of this House. Sn, I do not doubt that
you feel this embarrassment.
Cut to return to the subject. After the New
York relief bill had taken its turn and been dis-
cussed a day or two, what did w e next see in this
House' What did we see on Friday moinmg
last' Why, sir, on that morning, without wait-
ing to receive reports from the standing commit-
tees of the House, a most necessary course of
piocetdmg, the House, by an overwhelming
vote, set aside all the rules of the House—put
aside not only the private bills for that day and
the next, but for each succeeding day; and all
this for the purpose of taking up the considera-
tion and discussion of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] the
strongest party movement I have evirseen in
the course of ei^ht years, during which I have
had the honor of a seat in this House, made by
any mtrabtr of the House. Win le, then, sir,
was the spi rial message, and the recommenda-
tion of immediate and large appropriations by
the President' This resolution, fiom its nature
and necessary connections, must call for the dis-
cussion of cveiy party question or topic which
agitated the country during the last summer and
fall. Every gentleman who voted to consider
that resolution must hav e seen that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] would not be
allowed to make a speech upon the subject of it
without a reply. We all know that great politi-
cal consequences are expected to grow out of the
subject of this resolution, by those who manage
the interests of party out of this House. We
know what use has already been made of this
question in the country and before the people.
We know where and upon whom it has been at-
tempted to fix responsibility for the failure of the
three million appropriation, for political effect.
Sir, could less than a month's discussion be ex-
pected to arise upon this resolution ' Now that
the subject is up, and has been partially discussed,
can gentlemen mean by this movement to sup-
press further discussion ' Would such a design
be consistent with a reasonable libei ty of speei h
in this House' Well, sir, who are they who
have brought this measure into the House ? It
required a vote of two thirds of tho House to
get the subject before it, and that vote was given.
Look at the yeas and n íys, and you will discover
who are responsible for this movement.
Sir, the resolution of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, is now the business properly in order.
It was also the business in order on Monday.
Even petitions could not be regularly admitted
until this resolution was disposf d of. Sir, under
such circumstances, the resolution of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and his move-
ments in favor of immediate and large appropria-
tions, strike me with some surprise. If there is
nothing new—if there is no very recent news
from abroad, how is it this proposition is made
now and urged upon the House' It will roon be
three years since the French Chamber of Dep-
uties rejected the treaty or refused to make the
appropriation necessary to carry it into effect. It
is said that the country is in a dt f< nseless condi-
tion now; so it has bet n for the last three years,
and no steps have been taken to put it into better
condition. No steps were taken or recommended
at the commencement of the session.   The Navy
Ho. of Reps.
bill, when once taken up, was laid aside. How
happens it that there is so gieat an alarm just at
this moment' Has a war panic come upon us so
suddtnly' Must we vote all the appiopnation
bills without fuither delay' Aregentlt mm afraid,
that if tht se bills aie suspended until the 15th of
February, borne ínfniínation may be received
from the other side of the Atlantic which may
satisfy us thut extensive prt parations for war are
not necessary' Do gentlemen mean to get up all
the appropriations, and foice them through the
House, under a war panic, and to throw them
before the Senate, that that body may, in turn,
be found to vote every dollar in the Treasury be-
fore it is certainly known that any extraordinary
preparations for defense will be necessary, or to
incur the odium with the country of rejecting
necessary appropriations' Is the Treasury to be
depleted at all events, war or no war' Must the
whole revenue be expended' Is there a plan to
distribute the surplus revenue, under the pretext
of pn paration for war, without waiting to know
that the special message, if not the first message
of the President, may not produce a more con-
ciliatory feeling on the part of Franco? I do
not charge the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr.
Masov,] or the Committee on Foreign Relations,
with any of these designs. I have no right to do
so; but, sir, will the gentleman explain •why it is
that he proposes that all the appropriation bills
shall pass immediately' I must confess, sir, that
under the circumstances, although I do not charge
such purposes as I have alluded to as the motive
which has influenced the committee, yet, sir,
unless such designs are at the bottom of the
movement, it is to me wholly inexplicable.
I have said that it appealed extraordinary that
tho Committee on Foreign Relations should re-
port such a resolution. It is entirely contrary to
all the rules and ordeis of proceeding heretofore
know n m the practice of this House. But as I
find myself again upon the subject of the rules
of the House, I will venture to allude to another
abuse w Inch exists in the practice of the House.
I am aware, sir, to what misconstruction every-
thing I say upon the subject of the rules and
order of proceeding in the House is liable. I
know that I am represented by some to be ac-
tuated by very improper feeling; but this shall
not restrain me from speaking whenever I think
the public interest requires that some one should
speak. The abuse to which I allude, and which
has obtained to some extent during the present
session, is this: Honorable chairmen of commit-
I tees often submit a resolution or other proposition
to the members of the committee separately in
this House, sometimes in these Chambers, and
get their consent to report it to this House. This
is unparliamentary, and a great abuse.    It pre-
I vents all investigation and consultation in com-
mittee,and leads to great inconvenience and error
in the action of the House itself. Reports so
made are not the reports of a committee, and
ought not to be received by the House.
That I may not be misunderstood in the re-
marks I have made, before I sit down I wish to
state that I stand here ready to vote all neces-
sary supplies for putting the defenses of the
country upon a proper footing, whenever the
appropi íation bills sliall be brought forward, and
moved in this House according to the  regular
i  ordinary forms of proceeding.    I will vote, sir,
all the money in the Treasury, if it be necessary,
to prepare  for war, and  to resist the attacks
not only of France, but of all Europe; but I wish
( to see upon what grounds extraordinary appro-
|  priations are required.     Sir, so far as appropri-
i  ations are necessary for the immediate service
of the Army or the Navy, so far as the finishing
and repairing of our vessels of war, and for our
I fortifications  already in a course   of   construc-
tion, I will vote them even without estimates,
I and upon my own judgment, if gentlemen, upon
any punctilio, are averse to furnishing estimates
for those objects. And, in a question of this
kind, I am not disposed to weigh the money I
would appropriate in golden scales, as a gentle-
t man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sutherland] in-
sinuated, in reply to my remarks upon the Navy
I bill the other day. Nor, sir, would I be anxious
to bring down the sums total to the accurate limit
1 of a few dollars, or a few cents.   I would take
