4*
APPENDIX TO THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉE.
[January 526',
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Mason.
Ho. of Reps.
\s to the loss of the fortification bill, it is much ,
toVe regretted, and such is the universal senti-
ment. Who is to blame for this miscarriage I
know not. Whether the Senate or the House, or
some number of tins or the other House, is to
be censured, 1 know not. I shall engage in no
discussion about it. But as to this three million
appropriation, which has been so strangely dis-
turba in the grave to which it was consigned
last session, and whose ghost is made to walk
amongst us now, I beg leave to say the phantom
'■ frights iii>t me." I am ready at all times, and
in aíl places, without fear or apprehension, and
without any " compunctious visitings of con-
science," to vindicate myself for contributing to
its surcease. I am better satisfied now,after full
opportunity of deliberation and reflection upon
this extraordinary and, I believe, unprecedented
appropriation, of the propriety of the vote I gave
on that occasion; and while I wish to cast re-
proach upon nobody else, I will maintain and
defend that vote whenever I may be armigned—
at anv proper time, and before any competent
tribunal. 1 shall make no apology, offer no ex-
cuse. I stand upon my justification before my
constituents and the country. But I will not be
provoked now to encourage and keep up this
untimely and misplaced debate here, about what
was not done, or ought to have been done, or not
done, by the last Congress, to the delay, and
probably almost indefinite postponement of ac-
tion upon matters involving deeply tire rights and
interests and character of die country.
I believe it impossible to ascertain the precise
facts necessary to be ascertained for determining
who is to blame, if any person be particularly to
blame, for the failure of the fortification bill. We
must rely upon the vague impressions-—the con-
tradictory recollections of members about the
time of the happening of particular events—upon
which little reliance is to be placed—not from any
want of confidence in the veracity of any mem-
bers, but because of the existence of circum-
stances which you and I,Mr. Speaker, and every
man who w s here, know were well calculated to
prevent any very accurate observation or remem-
brance of the occurrences which took place on the
last night of the last session. Nearly one half
of the present House have no interest in this
question. They know nothing about the facts,
but it is proposed that this discussion shall super-
sede the consideration of the appropriation bills
in which we are all interested—in wliich the coun-
try is greatly interested—and for the action upon
which the eyes of the whole people are anxiously
looking. Let us take them, up—let them be
soberly, deliberately, examined—with full dis-
cussion, with full examination, with the recom-
mendations and the estimates of the proper de- ,
partments, and with proper and constitutional
restrictions, of executive discretion, limitations
of purpose, and specifications of object. Let us
approve what is worthy of approbation, and de-
manded by a wise policy, and reject what we may
not be satisfied is proper or necessary. I feel
much solicitude that we should do so. There is
one subject now depending before the House, in
relation to which I feel a deep and most painful
anxiety, in which the rights, interests, and prop-
erty of the whole southern country are most se-
riously implicated. I have (said Mr. P.) most
strenuously exerted myself to bring this subject
to decisive action, to a direct vote. I hope, though
not with confidence, that we may get that vote
without much more delay. But while I will post-
pone that subject to no other business, I should feel
myself impelled, by the obligations of duty to the
whole country, to put off even that decision, for.
the purpose of taking up, and acting upon, the
appropriations essential for the support of the-
Government, for remedying the evil of the fail-
ure of the fortification bill, and for preparation for
possible, if not probable, contingencies that may
arise.
I should be sorry, Mr. Speaker, to be under-
stood as intending to express the opinion that war
is impending. 1 know the importance which is
given to such opinions in some quarter or another,
uttered on this floor, even from so humble a mem-
ber as myself. I do most sincerely hope, Mr.
Speaker, that this deplorable calamity may,in the
providence of God, be averted consistently with I
the rights and honor of the country. But I can-
not shut my ears and eyes to what is passing
around us, calculated to weaken the confidence I
might otherwise have in these hopes. If they
should be falsified, let us endeavor to be prepared
to meet it when war comes.
Mr. REED said he felt the force of the remarks
of the gentleman when he said the country needed
defense; he perfectly agreed with him; but he
thought it would be the best course for the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to present its own
measures to the House, and let the House pro-
ceed to the appropriation bills in their usual mode.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said that it had not
occurred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
that they would have rendered themselves obnox
ious to the charges which had been brought against,
them. The resolution proposed interfered with
the duties and jurisdiction of no committee of the
House. It related to the business in the House,
or in Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union. It would be remembered, that
when, some days since, the chairman of the
Committee of, Ways and Means proposed an
extraordinary appropriation to the naval bill, in
reference to the peculiar posture of public affairs,
the honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Thompson,] in a strain of fervid eloquence,
objected to the proposition, as resulting from
subjects peculiarly within the jurisdiction of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. That gentleman
had also declared that, if the occasion required,
he was ready to exhaust the Treasury in a patri-
otic defense of the rights and honor of the nation.
Mr. Mason believed that these were the senti-
ments not only of that gentleman, but of the
whole of the gallant and chivalrous people repre-
sented on this floor.
He was sensihle of the delicacy and responsi-
bility of his situation. Humble and compara-
tively unknown to the country as he was, he was
yet aware that, in the state of anxiety at present
existing, whatever proceeded from the committee
of which he was the organ, would be regarded
with some degree of interest. The committee
had not intended to agitate the public mind by
declaring any belief that the differences between
this country and France were to terminate in war.
But they felt that they would be equally criminal
to encourage a fatal apathy, a false security; by
crying, Peace, peace, when there might be no
peace. Entertaining these opinions, afl thatthey
meant to say was, that the relations of our coun-
try, not only with France, but with another na-
tion, independently of our Indian affairs, were so
equivocal and critical as to make it the duty of
Congress to use its constitutional power in pre-
paring to resist aggression and to protect our
rights. To what extent appropriations for these
objects should be made, were left by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to the decision of the
House.
Ithasbeen said, more than once, that this coun-
try is unprepared for war. This is true. But it
is strange that such an argument should be used
against measures of preparation. In time of peace
the country will hardly ever be prepared for war.
The genius of our institutions is opposed to large
military establishments, and it is not to be ex-
pected that they can be collected at a moment's
warning. The panoply of war is not suited to
the full exercise of our energies in pursuit of in-
dividual happiness in the season of peace. But
when our country is surrounded by circumstances
of danger, when our relations with,foreign Gov-
ernments render it possible, not to say probable,
that we cannot presefve the honor, without dis-
turbing the peace, of the country,,it seemed to
him to-be-the highest, the most solemn, duty of
republican statesmen to put in requisition the
vast resources of the country, and to assume an
attitude of preparation, which would enable us
to protect our rights,^nd to resist the aggression
of others. These were the feelings and motives
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. They did
not say that there would be war. He prayed
God to arrest such a calamity; but great as the
evils of war were, there were greater still which
might befall the country—the loss of its honor,
' and with it the loss of national security.
| ,   It was not for him to say that there liad been
no errors in our negotiations with France.    In
the arduous, protracted, and delicate diplomatic
intercourse which had occurred between the two
Governments, the President of the United States
might congratulate himself on singular good for-
tune, if no step had been taken which it would
be desirable to retrace. Mr. M. said that he
believed this congratulation might be offered, but
this was not the occasion to discuss that subject.
He certainly would not, with the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] admit that our Govern-
ment had fallen into errors in common with
France. He believed the present occasion re-
quired all the energies of this vigorous Republic
to be put into requisition, and he should, by his
vote, endeavor promptly to effect that object.
Mr. M. said that the objections urged by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] were of a
character which he had not expected from that
quarter. That gentleman says, no doubt with
perfect sincerity, that he is prepared to vote sup-
plies for defense, when the honor and interests
of the country require them. I may ask, (said
Mr. M.,) does the proposition of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs require him to give such vote
unless called for by those high considerations ?
The adoption of the resolution only puts it in the
power of the House to act promptly and speedily
on these important measures, and the necessity
of each must be considered as it is proposed.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee has
animadverted on what he has been pleased to call
abuses, which have grown up in the House, to
one of which he has especially referred—the
practice of chairmen of committees going to mem-
bers of their committees in their seats in the
House separately, and obtaining their consent to
report certain measures.
Mr. BELL said he had not made a charge
against any one. He had said the practice was
unparliamentary, and had led to error.
Mr. MASON said that he had understood the
gentleman to disclaim the application of his re-
mark to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr-
M, said, though he was sure such was not the
gentleman's purpose, others might suppose that
such application was appropriate;,and he there-
fore took occasion to say that he had, on his own
sense of duty, more than a week since, presented
the resolution to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, when all. the members were present, and
that it had been considered and. discussed from
day to day, until its adoption, in a spirit of har-
mony and patriotism which gave him the highest
satisfaction.
The gentleman'from Tennessee considers the
circumstances under which this resolution is of-
fered, inexplicable, unless to be explained in
some one of the modes suggested by him. These
suggestions did not appear to imply very worthy
motives on the part of the committee, but the im-
putation of such motives was not intended by the
gentleman, because they were disclaimed. Xhey
seemed to be all connected with an approaching
election by the people to the highest office of the
Republic. Mr. M. said, that for himself he could
safely say that he would never, in the discharge
of the responsible duty which he owed his con-
stituents on that floor, introduce propositions,.or
give his vote, or conduct debate, with the purpose
of operating on elections by the people. This
morbid illusion disturbed the fancy of some gen-
tlemen j but with him it had not so paramount and
absorbing., an influence. He did not consider it
compatible with his duty, and he believed such
to be the sentiment of the committee.
The gentleman from Tennessee asks if the
purpose be to stifle discussion on the great sub-
jects before the .House. Mr. M. said that, in
regard,,to the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts,, such was not and could not be
the object, becau'se he had submitted this propo-
sition to the committee some days before he
knew that such a proposition woula be presented
to the House.
. On the other great question, the abolition sub-
ject, (Mr. M. said,) he was happy that the allu-
sion had been made. He considered it one of
the highest duties of the House to decide the
questions inrplved in that subject. He had uni-
formly acted with that view, and still earnestly
hoped to see a decision calculated to allay excite-
ment, and meeting the just expectation of the
