44
AFPEJNPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong....1st Sess.
[January 25,
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Glascock.
Ho. on- Reps.
we "ot into it, or to argue about constitutional
rio-hls, but would go for the United States, right
or" wrong. He was opposed to appropriating
money for fortifications, and was opposed to the
fortification system. We needed no bulwarks
along our steeps. We had already appropriated
forty or fifty millions for fortifications; and we
are now told that we had not one hundred guns
mounted. If that money had been appropriated
for our Navy, we might have had one that would
have been able to protect our coast from invasion.
He felt that our foreign affairs were standing on
a slender foundation, upon a mere nothing, and
when it came to be either a war or an apology,
he would rather spend $100,000,000 than that
the President should make any apology; and he
was aware, from the well-known character of
the President, that there would be no apology
from him. But he was opposed to our arming at
present, because it might be considered just cause
of war. France might, according to her former
practice, strike the blow the moment we com-
menced arming. He would go a reasonable
length, but it was difficult to say how far we
should go. He would at present vote against any
appropriation bill that looked like a war measure,
but he did not say that in two weeks he might not
vote for as large appropriations as other gentlemen.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he would not expose
the motion he was now about to make to the
objection that had been urged to the motion a
short time ago, submitted by the honorable gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Howard.] About
two speeches against the resolution had been
made to one in. its favor, and without making an
argument, he moved the previous question.
The motion was seconded—113 to 86.
The question, " Shall the main question be
now put?" was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CRAIG asked for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution; which were or-
dered, and were:
YEAS—Messrs. John U.Adams, Anthony, Asb, Ashley,
Banks. Barton, Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon, Borden,
Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Bnags, Brown, Bynum, William
B. Calhoun, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chapman,
Chapm, Childs, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee,
Col"s, Connoi, Craig, Cramer, Cushing, Cuohman, Dar-
Imirton, Dennv, Dickerson, Dickson, Dromsoole, Effner,
Fairfield, Farhn, Fowler, French, Fry, Philo C. Fuller,
William K. Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Gillett, Glass-
cock, Grantland, Haley, Hamer, Hannegan, Hard, Samuel
S. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes,
Henderson. Heister, Hoar. Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Hub-
ley, Hunt, Huntingdon, Huntsman, Ingbam. William Jack-
son, Jabez Jackson, Janes, Jams, Joseph Johnson, Richard
M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin
Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Klingenimith,
Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Gideon
Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon,
Abijan Mann, Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y. Mason,
William Mason, Moses Mason, May, McKay. McKeon,
MeKim, MeLene, Miller, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan,
Morns, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patter-
son, Patton, Franklin Pierce, Dutee J. Pearce, James A.
Pearce, PetugreWj Phelps, Phillips, John Reynolds, Joseph
Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Rogers, Schenck, Seymour, Au-
gustine H. Shepperd, Shinn, Smith, Spangler, Sprague,
títeele, Storer, Sutherland. Taliaferro, Taylor, John Thom-
son, Toueey, Towns, Turner, Tumll, Vanderpoel, Wagc-
ner, Ward, Wardwell, Washington, Webster, and Weeks—
159.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allen, Heman Allen, Bell,
Bond, Ranch, John Calhoun, Carter, George Chambers,
John Chambers, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark, Corwin,
Crane, Deberry, Dunlap, Evans, Everett, Rice Garland,
Granger, Grave-;, Gray-on, Grennell, Griffin, Hammond,
Hardin, Harlin, Harper, Hazeltme, Howell, Ingersol!, Jen-
niftr, Henry Johnson, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Love, Samson
Ma:-on, Maury, Mefiennan, Mercer, Milhgan, Peyton,
Pickens, Pinckney, Pott , Reed, Rencher, Robinson, Rus-
sell, Shicld=, RIade, Sloane, Standefer, WadflV Thompson,
(Tnderwood, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, Lewis Williams,
and Sherrod Williams—59.
So the resolution was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
REMARKS OF HON. T. GLASCOCK,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1836,
On the presentation of a Petition by Mr. Adams,
of Massachusetts,from certain citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying for the abolition of Slavery
and the Slave Trade in the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. GLASCOCK said, he had hoped that gen-
tlemen would have paused before they proceeded
to introduce other petitions of the same charac-
ter, particularly after the vote which had just
been taken, and when it was known that a sim-
ilar petition had been made the order of the day
for Saturday next, and that the resolutions em-
bracing the whole subject were in the possession
of the House, and would soon be finally acted
on. To press these petitions now, under cir-
cumstances like these, seemed to him to be in-
tended to produce excitement, and wound the
feelings of the southern members.
But as the gentleman from Massachusetts has
thought proper again to speak of the sacred right
of petition, and to urge that not to receive a peti-
tion was an encroachment upon that .right, and a
violation of the first amendment of the Constitu-
tion, the latter part of which declares " thatCon-
' gress shall pass no law to prevent the right of
' the people peaceably to assemble and petition
'the Government for a redress of grievances,"
he felt it his duty, situated as he was, having
made a motion to that effect some days since, to
offer a few remarks in reply. Mr. G. said he
hoped he would be pardoned for again repeating
and saying, once for all, that he had as high a
regard for the right of petition as any member on
that floor; but in admitting this, he must observe
he had an equal regard for the rights and privi-
leges secured to every Member under the rules
and regulations adopted for our government.
Sir, (said Mr. G.,) I feel a perfect conviction,
from the slight investigation which I have been
enabled to give this subject, that we have a clear
constitutional right not to receive a petition; and
in doing so, we violate no part of that instrument
to which gentlemen have so frequently referred;
nor do we encroach upon any of those rights in-
tended to be secured under it. I hold (said Mr.
G.) that whenever any portion of our fellow-citi-
zens peaceably assemble, and petition to Congress
for a redress of grievances, and those petitions
are presented, and their contents briefly stated,
as required by one of our own rules, that mo-
ment, if not before, all the rights intended to be
secured to the citizens were secured and fully
complied with; and it then devolves on this House
to dispose of them as may seem just and proper,
in conformity to its rules; which would be, not
to receive, to reject after receiving, or to refer it
to some select or standing committee, or lay it on
the table, dependent entirely upon the will of a
majority.
Mr. G. emphatically asked, what is the ques-
tion now presented for consideration ? It is this:
" Shall the petition be received ?" It cannot now
be denied—nay, it is admitted on all hands—that
the question is a proper one. Yes, sir, it grows
out of the very motion made by the gentleman
himself, on presenting his last petition, which
was that'' the petition be received.'' This brings
me, sir, to an important feature, necessarily in-
volved in the discussion, and I shall proceed to
show that Mr. Jefferson, the great and illustrious
statesman, whose knowledge and experience of
all parliamentary rules and regulations have never
been questioned, and whose Manual is at this day
looked upon and recognized as a text-book, and
adopted by all legislative bodies and deliberative
assemblies throughout the Union, for their gov-
ernment, and particularly by the Congress of the
United States, holds, and so lays it down in his
remarks which follow the 45th rule: " That reg-
ularly a motion for receiving a petition must be
madé'and seconded, und a question put whether
it shall be received;" and it is in accordance with
his views thus expressed, that the question is
now presented, and must always be presented,
on the presentation of a petition, if there be any
objections to its reception. This (Mr. G. said)
he understood to be tne uniform practice of this
House, and was strictly adhered to in the Senate.
If this principle be established, away with all
constitutional scruples and objections. They can
avail no one, for all who knew the justly-styled
Sage of Monticello must know, that in expound-
ing constitutional questions, if he had an equal,
he had no superior. Sir, (said Mr. G.,) Mr.
Jefferson was a strict constructionist, and would
have been amongst the last to have incorporated
into the rules of this House any question, a de-
cision of which would violate that Constitution
which he held so dear and sacred; and with great
deference to the opinions of others, he looked
upon it as a reflection upon his memory even to
suppose it. Had he considered that not to receive
a petition was to deprive the citizens of this coun-
try of the right of petition, a right intended to be
secured to them under the clause of the Constition
to which he had referred, would he not have in-
grafted into the rules, or in commenting upon them,
have declared that all petitions must be received
emanating from the people peaceably assembling
and petitioning for a redress of grievances ? The
inference (said Mr. G.) to his mind, was irresist-
ible, and he honestly believed all would come to
the same conclusion upon mature reflection. That
Mr. Jefferson had an eye single to the Constitu-
tion at the time he prepared his Manual, he had
never doubted; and even if he had, he should have
been satisfied of the fact upon reading a sentence
from the preface to his work, in which he states:
" That he considered the law of the proceedings
of the Senator as composed of the precepts of the
Constitution," &c. Let it not be forgotten that
Mr. Jefferson, as Vice President of the United
States, presided over that body for years, from
which time to the present period, the question,
" Shall the petition be received ?" has been recog-
nised and considered as a proper one, and not
conflicting with any feature of our Constitution,
or why should it be retained? Why, permit me
to ask, has it not been erased from the rules; or
why are we permitted, by recording our votes in
the negative, on the present question, to violate
it, as gentlemen say it will be ?
Sir, (said Mr. G.,) if it be unconstitutional not
to receive a petition, we should not for a moment
permit by a rule, or by the practice of this House,
any question to be propounded, the result of
which would lead to its violation. For himself,
he had no scruples on the subject. This ques-
tion being adopted and considered bv Mr. Jeffer-
son as a proper one, left him no ground on which
even to doubt, and he felt no disposition to look
for higher authority to sustain him in the views
he had taken, or to justify him in the course
Which he had pursued in relation to these peti-
tions. But he could not conclude his remarks
on this branch of the subject, without referring
with pride and pleasure to a vote given by two
distinguished Senators from his own State, as
late as the year 1805, against the reception of a
petition from sundry citizens of the State of
Pennsylvania, (from whence this petition now
eomes,) "pleading the cause of their degraded
and oppressed fellow-men of the African race,"
as they were pleased to terni them; and on the
question to receive the petition, I find the names
of those great and good men, James Jackson and
Abraham Baldwin, recorded in the negative, and
in whose veins purer streams of honor, patriot-
ism, and virtue, never flowed; and who are men
as devotedly attached to the principles of the
Constitution as ever lived, and as watchful of the
rights of their fellow-citizens, and on whom, it
may be truly said, the affections of their people
were concentrated. This vote was given, too, at
a time when there was but little excitement com-
pared with the excitement of the present day;
there was at that period but few abolition socie-
ties in the country; no presses established for the
printing and circulating of incendiary pamphlets;
no one was then in the employ of those societies
freely to circulate them throughout the land, as
they arfe now, to effect their objects, and to pro-
duce consequences most awfiil in their character.
WTio (said Mr. G.) does not behold the con-
trast; and who from the South will not exclaim,
if it were right then' to reject those petitions, it
was imperiously their duty to reject them now?
God forbid that any of us should falter in the
present contest!
A few remarks (said Mr. G.) relative to those
petitions, and he would conclude the argument,
which he regretted he was forced to enter into in
consequence of their introduction. He had taken
some pains to look into these petitions, with a
view to judge of their characters, and of the lan-
guage used by the applicants, and he felt bound
to state that, of the great number which had been
Crowded upon us, he scarcely read one which was
not highly disrespectful and libelous upon the
whole South, and especially those who are owners
of slaves.    How can K be expected, under sucn
