I836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6LÓBE.
45
01th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
a «¡ate of things, that we can pursue a different!
cn'ir-s-' than to vote against a reception of each •
and all of them as they are presented? For him-
M'lf, hi felt bound to do it; :'¡id in doing so it was
in perfect accordance with his own feelings, and
he confidently believed it would be in accordance
with the feelings of those whom he had the honor
in part to represent. Be this, however, as it may,
he should continue to discharge fearlessly what
he conceived to be his duty, which was, to stamp
these petitions (coming from whatever quarter
they may) with the seal of reprobation, and treat
them with the just indignation they merit; and
he should continue to do this, regardless of all
consequences, and of all political considerations.
Mr. G. said he had long since determined not
to go into a general discussion of the merits of
s!a\ery, for no new lights could be shed upon it;
but whenever it became necessary to act upon the
resolutions of the gentleman from Maine, he
might again feel it his duty to address the House
o i the constitutional question as to the right of
Congress interfering with the subject in this Dis-
trict. Until then he should endeavor to remain
silent, and, for the present, would no longer tres-
pass on the patience of the House.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
SPEECH OF HON. ISAAC HILL,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In Senate, January 28, 1836,
On Mr. Benton's resolution for setting apart the
Surplus Revenue for the defense and perma-
nent security of the country.
Mr. HILL, of New Hampshire, addressed the
Senate as follows.'
Mr. President: Mttch has been said to mys-
tify the question before the Senate, and to
make it appear that a majority of the last Senate
is not solely responsible for the rejection of the
bill conditionally appropriating $3,000.000 for the
defense of the country. Mystification will not
answer the purpose; the responsibility will rest,
as it now rests, where it truly belongs. It was
with a high interest that I have watched the pro-
gress of appropriations in past sessions of the
Senate. I have seen those appropriations delayed
in the Senate for weeks on frivolous pretexts:
this delay liad no other real object than the for-
cing of the House of Representatives to come up
to some favorite doctrine of the Senate, or for
some other political maneuver. Has not the
¡Senate repeatedly held up the appropriation bills
for the purpose of forcing the Executive into the
appointment or non-appointment of certain offi-
cers? Has it not been threatened to defeat the
general appropriation bill if the House of Rep-
-esentatives would not yield to the wishes of the
Senate ?
Why was it, that the principal appropriation
bills of the last session, which passed the House
at an earlier period than usual—why was it, that
these bills were held up to the very last week of
the session? Why was this very fortification
bill kept thirty-four days in the Senate?—no, not
in the Senate, but the greater part of the time in
the hands of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance ? Was it not done avowedly for the
purpose of compelling the House to pass such
subjects as a majority of the Senate should choose
to force on them ? Look at the general appropria-
tion bill: that bill was held up for weeks in this
b y, and did not pass until the last moment of
the session—it did not pass leaving time for the
President of the United States to read the bill
before the Twenty-Third Congress was actually
defunct; and so long was it in the possession of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, that
I never had an opportunity to read the perfected
bill before I was called upon to vote on the ques-
tion of itspassage. These bills were all furnished
by the House, leaving the Senate ample time to
discuss and understand them; but so exclusively
did the then Committee on Finance of the Senate
take the control, that even the Senate itself could
not consider and pass upon them, without a vio-
lation of the joint rules.
The loss of the fortification -bill was clearly
owing to the neglect of the Senate to bring that
bill to an ultimate decision. In the first place,
the Senate insisted on adding to that bill appro-
priations which had been voted down by yeas
and nays in the House; it insisted on adding
appropriations, suiting the motives of particular
members, and local in their character, which had
not been recommended by the proper Department.
The House, being thus forced to take the bill
against its own expressed will, again proposed
to the Senate a more general appropriation, which
might be applied by the executive at points where
expenditures would be most useful. Instead of
making appropriations that had not been called
for by the proper Department, either in Boston
harbor or in the Delaware river, the House pro-
posed $3,000,000 to be expended at the discretion
of the executive in the manner that might best
meet the state of things existing. The House
proposed this at that point of the session when
information had just been received that the rela-
tions with a foreign Government were in a critical
state; when it was too late for particular legisla-
tion; and when the obvious effect of neglecting
such appropriation would be to invite foreign
aggression.
The first question is, was the appropriation
proposed by the House a reasonable proposition ?
Those who thought the public good required that
appropriation in either House of Congress, ought
not to be reproached with having defeated the
fortification bill. At no time did they interpose
an objection to it in any shape. It was those
who opposed that bill; it was that majority in
the Senate which held up this bill to the last mo-
ment—which even refused, at that moment, to
carry into effect the strong decision of that branch
of the Legislature, whose peculiar right and pro-
vince it is to make appropriations of this sort—it
was that majority which is responsible for the
loss of this bill.
It has been contended that the session of the
Legislature should have continued until the 4th
of March at noon, and that the President of the
United States ought to have remained here to
sign bills until that time. The President gave
one full hour for the variation of the clock. He
remained, as I have occasion to know, in the
Capitol until after one o'clock. The Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Southard] says, Presi-
dent Jackson did not, on this occasion, follow the
example of an illustrious predecessor. The great
Washington, he informs us, (on what authority
he does not tell us,) was called up from his bed,
and in his flannel, on one occasion, signed some
twenty bills; and that these bills became import-
ant laws that have ever since been in force. This
statement of the Senator, if it prove anything,
proves too much. If Washington did not con-
sider the time of Congress as having expired at
twelve o'clock, why was he in bed at two o'clock ?
Or, if the time of Congress did not expire till
twelve o'clock noon of the subsequent day, why
did he get out of bed at all, when he had ample
time to examine the bills at his leisure, before
the time expired? It is said to have been the
practice of both branches to set back the clocks
at the expiration of the 3d of March. I was wit-
ness to the clock in the Senate Chamber having
been set back more than an hour, on the last
night of the last session; the hand of the clock
pointed at twelve, after the hour of one had ar-
rived. Now, if it had been the practice to con-
tinue the session until daylight, or noon of the 4th
of March, where was the necessity for setting
the clock back?
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. White]
thinks he sat here on one occasion at the close of
a Congress until daylight. I well recollect prob-
ably the same time. It was in 1833, three years
ago. The 3d of March was Sunday; and, on
that occasion, the President of the United States
continued in the Capitol until daylight, not of the
morning of Monday the 4th, but of Sunday the
3d. Other sittings after midnight, will refer them-
selves to the expiration of the first session, when
the power of each member extending to the second
session to act was undoubted. If any members
know that Congress and the President acted after
twelve on the night of the 3d of March, of the
second session, or what purported to be twelve
o'clock, let them put the finger on that time, and
show, by circumstances, that the Congress did
hold on its session into the time for which the
next Congress was elected. If th^y can show us
an instance of this kind, they will show what,in
my opinion, was a violent dereliction of duty.
That it was generally believed any act done after
the time is illegal, is proved by the practice of
setting back the clock an hour, and making one
o'clock in the morning the nominal time of twelve
at night.
The assumption that the power of Congress to
act beyond the term for which it is elected is a
legitimate power, is urged with a pertinacity that
will not admit of denial. It is insisted on by
almost every person who has spoken on one side";
and it is insisted on because, if the assumption is
not conceded, neither the House of Representa-
tives nor the President can be responsible for the
failure of the fortification bill. Deny the right of
Congress to sit after midnight—deny the right of
the President to retire, and sign no more bills after
midnight, and the last Senate must take the re-
sponsibility, not only of deflating the $3,000,000
appropriation, but of defeating every item in the
fortification bill.
The 16th and 17th standing rules of the two
Houses of Congress provide that " no bill that
' shall have passed one House shall be sent for
' concurrence to the other on either of the three
'last days of the session;" and that "no bill or
' resolution that shall have passed the House of
' Representatives and the Senate shall be pre-
' sented to the President of the United States for
'his approbation on the last day of the session."
These standing rules were made with the express
view of preventing confusion at the close of the
session, and to give the President an opportunity
to inform himself of the nature and contents of
the several bills placed before him for his ap-
proval. If the two Houses of Congress have
ever held on to their session after twelve o'clock
at night, at the close of the session, it has prob-
ably been on the last day on which, by the rules,
either House of Congress could act on bills. It
will be perceived in this case, that Congress
would not act after its constitutional time ex-
pired, and that the holding over would violate
the rules only. These rules have, of late, become
in effect a dead letter, as have many other rules
of the Senate, which, requiring for their suspen-
sion the unanimous consent of the Senate, have
been set aside by the simple vote of a majority
I of the Senate.
! The confusion attending the last hours of a
] sitting of cither House is disagreebleto all friends
I of fair legislation; it is a most propitious moment
for those who press claims and measures that will
not admit of discussion. I stood in my place, at
the close of the last session, for more than one
hour after the time of the Congress expired.
After the House of Representatives had finished
their business, and after the hour of one o'clock
had arrived, different propositions were made and
brought before the Senate, involving large ex-
penditures, to be defrayed out of the contingent
fund of the Senate. These propositions were
intended to give a defunct printer of the Senate
additional jobs of printing. I will read one ex-
tract from the Senate Journal, presenting the
extraordinary spectacle of a Senate, dead in law;
acting for the resuscitation of a partisan printer,
whose term had been superseded by the election
of a new printer to the Senate. After twelve
o'dock at night, Mr. Poindexter submitted the
following resolution:
"Resolved, That the reporta of the commissioners for
adjusting land titles, made to the Secretary of the TreaMiry
since the adjournment of the last session of Congress, be
printed with the documents in relation to the public lands
ordered to be printed at the last session of Congress."
The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
despairing of being able otherwise to defeat the
project of expending, by the action of the Senate
alone, some one or two hundred thousand dol-
lars, in addition to the enormous jobs that had
already been voted, then told me he was determ-
ined to talk down this project; and he did talk
and read extracts from the Journals after twelve
o'clock at night, until he compelled the defunct
Senate to lay the project on the table.
[At this point Col. Benton rose, and Mr. Hill
tiving way, Col. B. reminded him that he de-
:ated these printing jobs af\er midnight, and by
