m&l
4cP8JS$DlX TO THE>CONGftíSSK>NAk GIa}BE.
4?
24th Conc.'.Ist Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Bouldin.
Ho. of Reps.
I do most sincerely lament, that the course of the
other S nator, [Mr. Calhoun,] who utters the
cm von ^iMiiiments that we ought not to arm lest
\n slu'l provoke a more powerful antagonist to
hostilities, should have be> n downward. " How
ar' thou fallen from Heaven, 0 Lucifer, son of
the mor ling!" Í can but f'ibly express how
much my then youthful heart was elated at the
repe Ued perusal of the reporton foreign relations,
drawn by that gentleman, and made to the Hovise
of Representatives, June 3, 1812. I cannot better
exhibit the. spirit of that report, than by reading
one or two extracts:
"But the period has now arrived when the
' United States must support their character and
1 station among the nations of the earth, or submit
' to the most shameful degradation. Forbearance
1 has ceased to be a virtue. War on the one&ide,
'and peace on the other, is a situation as ruinous
' us it is disgraceful. The mad ambition, the lust
' of power, and commercial avarice of Great Brit-
' ain, arrogating to herself die complete dominion
' of the ocean, and exercising overit an unbounded
' and lawless tyranny, have Jen to neutral na->
' tions an alternative only between the base sur-
' rt nder of their rights, and a manly vindication
'of them. Happily for the United States, their
' destiny, under the aid of Heaven, is in their own
' hands. The crisis is formidable only by their
' love of peace. As soon as it becomes a duty to
' relinquish that situation, danger disappears.
'They have suffered no wrongs, they have re-
'ceiv< d no insults however great, for which they
'cannot obtain redress."
" The British Government might, for a while,
' be satisfied with the ascendency thus gained
' over us, (by submission,) but its- pretensions
'would soon increase. The proof, of which so
' complete and disgraceful a submission to its.
' authority would afford of our degeneracy, would
'not fail to inspire confidence that there was no
' limit to which its usurpations and our degrada-
' tions might not be carried. Your committee,
' believing that the free-born sops of America are
' worthy to enjoy the liberty which their fathers
' purchased at the price of so much blood and
f treasure, and seeing in the measures adopted by
' Great Britain, a course persisted in which must
' lead to a loss of national character and inde-
' pendence, feel no hesitation in advising rcsist-
' anee by force, in which the Americans of the
' present day will prove to the enemy, and to the
' worl«t, that we have not only inherited that Iib-
' erty which our fathers gave us, but also the
' will and power to maintain it. Relying on the
' patriotism of the nation,and confidently trusting
' that the Lord of Hosts will go with us to battle
' in a righteous cause, and crown our efforts with
' success, your committee recommend an imme-
' diate appeal to arms."
Here was an exhibition worthyrthe spirit of a
free people—worthy any age and any country.
My first admiration of the gentleman was for the
doctrines he then advanced. His voice was the '
for war rather than disgrace. His maxim was
then—millions for defense, but no submission.
My disapprobation of the gentleman now is, that
he has " left his own, tostand on foreign ground"
—that h« has deserted the principles he at first
inculcated. Both the Senators will excuse me
when I declare that I am not of their communion.
I go now, as I ever hare gone, for appropriations
to the utmost amount that can be efficiently and
properly expended to put the country into- a
complete state of defense, arid, if need be, to 
prosecute, to a successful termination, any war
waged either for our honor or our rights.
. Mr. LINN, after Mr. Hill had concluded,
said:
> I rise, Mr. President, merely for the purpose
of preventing a misconstruction or misunder-
standing of my course on the last night of the
last sessioui, in relation to the printing a docu-
ment connected With the subject of private land
claims in Missouri, and which was deemed ne-
cessary to a right understanding of the matter.
I made two motions to print that document, both
of which were lost in consequence of there being
no quorum of the Senate present. It was a small
affair, and would have cost the Government but
a.üáfle far the worfc.   But from the manner it is
now brought into notice by the honorable mem-
ber from New Hampshire, it would, without ex-
planation, appear as if I had made a proposition
to print public documents, the cost of which
would amount to one or two hundred thousand
dollars. I made no such proposition, nor did I
vote for any such. Thoy came from another
quarter.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
REMARKS OF HON. MR. BOULDIN,
OF VIRGINIA,
I  the House of Representatives,
January 19 and 20, 1836.
The special order of the day was taken up,
being the following resolution heretofore offered
by Mr. Jarvis, of Maine:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the subject
of the abolition of slavery m the District of Columbia ought
not to h.-1 entertained by Congress. Jlnd be j< further re-
solved, Tnat in ea*e any petition praying the abolition of
slavery m the District of Columbia be hereafter presented,
it is the deliberate opinion of the House that the same ought
to be laid upon the table, without being retened or printed.
. To which Mr. Wise submitted the following
amendment:
Sinke out all after the word " Resolved," and insert,
That there is no power of legislation granted by the Con-
stitution to the Congress of the rnited States, to abolish
slavery in the Di-mct of Columbia, and that any attempt
by Congress to legislate upon the bUbject of slavery will he
not only unauthorized, but dangerous to the union of the
States.
. Mr. Jarvis subsequently modified the original
resolution as follows:
Whereas any attempt in this House to agitate the ques-
tion of slavery is calculated to disturb the compromises of
the Constitution, to endanger the Union, and, if persisted
in, destroy the peace and prosperity of the country : there-
fore,
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the subject
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia ought
not to be entertained by Congress: arttl it is further resolved,
That in case any petition praying for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia be hereafter presented, it is the
deliberate opinion of the House that the same ought to be
laid upon the table without being referred or printed.
The question before the House being the amend- !
' ment of Mr. Wise—
. Mr. BOULDIN rose and addressed'the House
as follows:
Mr. Speaker: Before entering upon the dis-
cussion of the several resolutions now under
consideration, let me protest against a certain
election, now so much talked of, having anything
whatever to do in this matter. Several allusions
have been made to some supposed participation
of that election with the resolutions now under de-
bate. I cannot believe that any man would bring
into hazard the life or safety of the infant that
sits upon his knee, and smiling looks up to him
for protection—the companion of his joys and his
sorrows—his friends, his country, and every-
thing that is dear to him on earth, to forward any
party views, or to elevate or disappoint the hopes
of any individuals. But should I be mistaken in
this, I am sure I shall not be in another view of
it  If attempted to be used on either side, it will
soon be found to be a dangerous weapon, one i
that cuts both ways, and will soon be laid aside.
To say you will never have a President from a
non-slaveholdingState, will provoke arid give ex-
cuse to those of the non-slaveholding States to
say they will never have one from a slaveholding
State. This, if acted on, is a practical disso-
lution of the Union, and would soon produce it,,
in every sense, of the term.                                     |
Sir, when I go to the polls, I shall vote for!
whom I please at the time.   Should the election ,
come to this House, (it being then the vote of |
my district, and not my vote,) i shall vote as
they please.   As to how I am to find out what
they wish, they can inform me in any way they
may think proper.    I hold myself bound to find
out somehow.     Nor have I any doubt but that
I can.   This is all I wish to have to do with that
election.   Let me, then, turn my back upon it, j
while this matter is under consideration.               I
I will vote for no man, from whatever quarter (
of the Union he may come, who wishes to be
meddling with right of property, and especially
thai in  slaves, because it involves other perils
b««des the Iobs of property.             ,.                    |
I will consider the constitutional question first.
Although there is difference of opinion on this
question, and, no doubt, honest difference of
opinion, still I cannot see where the difficulty is.
All admit a man's land or his horse cannot be
taken from him in this District any more than
elsewhere, and that it cannot be done anywhere,
except for the public use, nor even then without
just compensation.
Can, then, the constitutionality of the proposed
abolition be sustained without showing a dis-
tinction between the property a man holds in a
slave, and that which he holds in lands or horses.'
It surely cannot. If, then, there be any distinc-
tion, where does it lie? Is it to be found in the
Constitution of the United States? Certainly
not.   That instrument makes no distinction.
While the Federal Constitution was under de-
bate, with a view to its adoption, by the Virginia
convention, Henry urged that his property was
not secured; and gave his reason why he thought
so. He was answered that it was; and that
clause cited to prove that it was, which provides
for the retaking of a runaway slave or servant, in
any State to which he might abscond.
It was insisted by Henry that slaves might be
taxed, until the tax would compel emancipation.
Amendments were proposed, and most, if not all
of them, afterwards adopted, which now form a
part of the Constitution, and stand as amend-
ments.
Further, to secure this, and all other property,
we find this amendment: "Nor shall private
property be taken, for public use, without just
compensation." (See amendment Constitution,
sec. 5.) This was then the most valuable species
of property held by the southern States, as well
as now. This property was then almost entirely
peculiar to the South, and they were unwilling
to trust it to any one but themselves. This was
the greatest stumbling-block in the way of the
adoption of the Constitution.
The determination to hold it wholly within
their own power, and trust it to no one, makes
the South feel and know, that Stette rights and
State governments are more dear to them than to
any sectioiiiof the Union.
. Sir, they did not mean to intrust it to those
who they knew belie<ved, or professed to believe,
that property could, aot be held in a slave. With
the clauses before quoitjed, and the other clauses
in the Constitution ttnd amendments, all recog-
nizing and securing, or seeking to secure, this
property, with many doubts and fears, and con-
trary to the advice of many of the wisest and best
men we ever had, we adopted the Constitution-
went into the copartnership.
Shall we have gone into this Confederacy, with
the principal part of our property thus recognized
and secured; and shall the same instrument be
construed to secure the property of one section
of the Union, and not that of another section?
Surely this cannot be. Some, seeing the palpable
absurdity of this, fly to this idea: say they, You
cannot liberate the slaves now in being; but you
may forbid the increase to be held as slaves .Compel
us to maintain the mother, while she raises the
children; the master is thus made slave to his
negro. Take all the rents and profits, but hold
the property in the land sacred. Be careful not
to interfere with the right of property in the mare,
but take awayall the colts. Such ideas, however,
though they may weigh upon the minds of others,
weigh nothing upon mine. It is propefty, or not.
The Constitution is binding upon all or none;
none can claim, under a deed or will, and against
it, or deny its validity; none can hold on upon
that part of the Constitution which is to their
advantage and discard all the balance. What
distinction can be drawn between property and
property in this respect? What, sir! shall you
not be able, with the whole power of the Confed-
eracy, to take away a man s horse worth forty
dollars, unless it be for the public use, and not
then, without just compensation, and still be able
to take his slave, his property worth one thou-
sand dollars?—not for the public use—not with
just compensation. Some have said, this prop-
erty might be taken away, if it became dangerous
to the public. This cannot be for the public use.
If set free, they will not be property at all, and
cannot be property for the public use.   This is a
