48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL C&OBE.
[January 19,
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—'Mr. Bouldin.
Ho. of Reps.
strange idea—to make   property useful to the
public, bv making it no property at all'
In the first place, a man einnot be placed in
much ereiter dangt r, or a mm h w irse condition,
than by tak ng aw ay fiom him tin proeteds of his
whoh life's labor—his bread for hi* children In
the next place, it i« wholly inconsistent with the
prof' ssion, that those woo contt nd for those
powir-in this Distnt t. do not claim them over
the States If tins argument, drawn from dangtr
onh , will authorize emancipation here, where
there are but few slaves, and from the smallness
of the District there never can be many, what
will it not do, if transferred to Louisiana and
Mississippi' In the third place, the danger is
not less on account of the interference of stran-
gers. And in the fourth place, we never meant
nor do we mean ever to put ourselves or property
in negro slaves, under the care or keeping of
those who have no slaves.
No, sir, no distinction can be drawn between
the right to inti rft re with this property and any
other, on the part of the Federal Government
When the States of Maryland and Virginia
conveyed away this District to the Federal Gov-
ernment, they had procured a bond to be given
bv the Federal Government, that private prop-
erty should not be taken for public use, without
pist compensation How, then, comes it, that
this Government shall assume the power to tako
awnv the most valuable property they had, when
it fell into its hands' that too, (twist as you "w ill,
at last it comes to this,) because other people do
not like this kind of property—have scruples of"
-onscience. Yet it seems many hive no scruples
of conscience that will prevent them from taking
away the property of others; ay. sir, ami after
entering into the most solemn obligations not to
violate an instrument which says you shall not,
except for the public use, and then not without
just compensation.
It is not pretended to be disguised that there
is a plan afloat for general emancipation; and
these petitioners generally say, they conceive
this to be a part of the means to be used, in order
to consummate their general object.
It appears to me, that view the memorials and
arguments in every light, resting, as they do,
upon some supposed distinction between this and
any other species of property, they all must come
at last to this point—that theproperty in a negro
slave is no property at all. We have no thoughts
of trusting half the whole wealth of all the South
to abstractions of this kind. We claim negro
•laves as property—we hold them as such—and
the property in them was recognized, guarantied,
secured, or sought to be secured, to us against all
interference. The Constitution either secures it
to us, or it does not If it does, we have all we
want upon that point. If it does not, we are de-
ceived, and must secure it in some other way.
But not by putting it under the control of those
who have no slaves.
Many are of opinion that large manufactories
are dangerous to the liberty, safety, and morals
of a nation Shall we burn them down, sir, by
act of Congress' Such ideas appear to roe to be
subversive of every security tor property, dan-
gerous to the community, and hostile to the peace
and order of civilized life. I cannot see the least
ground for assorting this poweT
But, on the point of constitutionality, I can
differ with any gentleman, from any part of the
Union, and do it in perfect good will and good ha-
mor. With equal good humor and complacency,
can I hear abstractions on the subject of negroes
and negro slavery. As long as they are kept
north of Mason and Dixon's line, they can never
hurt us of the South. Nor «in they hurt there
much; for, as my Lord Bacon says, " though
such things work mightily or men's wits, yet do
they produce no vpry great effects/' The mis-
chief never begins until an attempt is made to
reduce th« m to practice.
I promised you, and through you, my consti-
tuents, that whenever the abolition question came
up, not entangled with any question of order, or
with any extraneous matter, I would express my
opinions and feelmss upon it. Yet who can be
ignorant of what are the feelings and opinions
df a representative of any portion of the skrve-
koiding districts upon this subject?   There, is no
difference of opinion or of feeling, either in re-
gard to the right to interfere, or the disposition
to do so, by the Federal Government. Nearly
all these memorials declare, in terms, that they
mean this measure to operate, in some form or
other, to produce, 01 to indu< e, the emancipation
of the slaves of all tin? South The fact is not
attempted to be covered, that there aie untiring
efforts constantly in action, the object of which
is to emancipate our slaves. Some petitions
propose to do it immediately. Otheis propose
te do it gradually  I am entirely satisfied, that
to do it, or use the means to do it, < ither way,
is a violation of the Constitution, subversive of
private and public safety, and, if persevered in,
fatal to the Union.
I have, however, no great solicitude on the
the constitutional question When the mind gets
its own consent to take from me my property,
and endanger my life, upon speculative notions
of this character, it is obvious it will find it easy
enough to get clear of constitutional difficulty
And it is not material whether it come to this
determination through infatuation, perversion of
intellect, or perversion of moral sense, or from
corruption known and h It; it will, in neither
caso, stand long upon constitutional constiuction.
Sir, I have bten comptlled to come to the con-
clusion, that when our lives and our property de-
pend upon construction, and construction only,
no great reliance can be placed in the safety of
either
The opinions of the greatest and best of men
differ and change with time and change of cir-
cumstances. Look to the opinions of the great,
wise, and good men who framed and adopted this
Constitution, with its guarded, careful amend-
ments. Mark the opinions delivered in debate
on its adoption. I know they stand in the form
of argument, but not the arguments of counsel,
feed to maintain one side only. They are the ar-
guments of a judge delivering the sentence of life
or death, pronouncing sentence of life or death to
a nation's independence When Patrick Henry
urged before the Virginia Convention that, under
the constitution proposed, a soverr ign State might
be dragged before a couit, what did the late Chief
Justice say in reply> Mr Speaker, when I al-
lude to the late Chief Justice of the United States,
let me do it with all humility and homage to his
great name and virtues. Would that I could pay
tribute as just and ample as it is sincere to the
splendor of his talents, the magnitude of his ac-
quirements, and to what is more than all, the purity
and simplicity of his heart, and the unbending
firmness of his justice.
In answer to Henry, and in support of the Con-
stitution, oi rather its adoption, he said, among
other things, " It is not rational to suppose, that
sovereign power should be dragged before a
court." Does he then say, or even intimate
that, in the adoption of that Constitution, a State
would cease to be a sovereign power ' Far from
it. Such a hint I do not recollect to have seen;
at that day it might hav( been fatal to the adop-
tion. He says further. " I hope no gentleman
will think that a StaU will be called at the bar of
the Federal court.'' What he thought of it after-
ward , after decision  and after opinions will
show. We find that the most illustrious men
have stood out for a time upon a constitutional
difficulty, and yielded at last Witness the his-
tory of the Bank of the United States. I may
not be right—I hope I am not—but it appears to
Hie that positions have been taken, which, in their
nature, are impossible to be executed, and con-
trary to the spirit and letter of the Constitution,
and that by construction of the Constitution.
Has no such position as this been substan-
tially taken > An independent savage nation in
the heart of a sovereign civilized State, under the
protection ef the Federal court ? I hope I am not
right; but it appears to me that good men have
convinced themselves that this is practicable,
constitutional, and juSt, and that the savages are
to remain, in all time, not subject to the laws
of the State, scalping and tomahawking men,
women and helpless children, if they please,
under the piotpetion of the Federal court. If all
those whose ancestors took land from the In-
dians would return to them all the lands thus
held, there would be room enough for the *• poor
Indians."   " Can a man be pardoned, and retain
the offense >"   When, then, 1 see that great men
'           '  -great and good
can thus construe and thus act-
men, many of them is gieat and as good as any
men in any age or country—I do not like to place
my principal reliance on constitutional construc-
tion in this affair I know we must rely mainly
upon ourselves But as far as depends upon our
fellow-citizens and friends, not situated as we are
in regard to this property, especially members of
this House, I am anxious to have an answer to
this question- Do you (professing to be friendly
to us of the South) mean to take any steps, di-
rectly or indirectly, to produce their effect now
or hereafter, which steps are intended to take
from us this property, and in doing so, put us
and the property both in danger' No man can
answer to this for those that are to follow him.
Each man must answer this question for himself.
If the answer is yes, I care not a fig for his con-
stitutional notions I cannot feel that that per-
son, whoever he may be, or whatever he may
think of the purity of his own intentions, is a
friend to me or mine, or to the southern people.
We of the South are notoriously assailed upon
this subject, in church and out of church, (I mean
no reflection on the Church,) by societies and
combinations of all descriptions in the Union,
and of many foreign countries Are we now to
be assailed by this House ' The votes which
haVe been taken indicate decidedly that we are
not—the friendly countenances I meet every day
tell me it can hardly be But if we are to be
assailed by this House in legislative form, inevit-
able necessity has taken our course for us Phi-
losophers may dream, and fanatics may rave in
their wild imaginations, but we know that our
course is taken for us by dire necessity. We
know that three millions of men are not to be
managed by philosophic dreams, or the wild
imaginations of fanatics
Many are the schemes devised for our benefit
by men and women, many of whom are as igno-
rant of the matter as they are officious in med-
dling with that which does not concern them.
Some advise emancipation immediately, openly,
violently, others propose to proceed more cau-
tiously, carefully. The purposes being the same,
(the emancipation of other men's property,) dif-
fering only in the means proposed to be used, the
more temperate tells the more rash that he will
defeat the object.
So far, then, his rashness will benefit us. With
such an object before him, the more guarded and
circumspect he is, the more dangerous he is to
us There is only one point upon which all
their schemes and plans ever agree—that we of
the South sleep on a magazine of gunpowder.
Some propose to set fire to this magazine openly
m broad day, and immediately, others say it
would be best to burn it off gradually by a slow
match, and hurt nobody.
Sir, such speculations are amusing as long as
thoy are not attempted to be put into practice.
This is the very scheme that was proposed and
tried in St. Domingo. It was some time before
the match caught the magazine of powder, but
when it did take, it blew up the whole island ata
blast. Instead of millions on millions of pound 
of sugar and coffee, and numerous other articles
of value, reared by the hand of care and industry
for exportation, what have they now but the
spontaneous growth of the island—mahogany
and the like > Their population reduced to less
than half—many of the full-blood negroes now
to be found in herds, naked and wild as the beasts
of the forest—flying from the sight of man, even
of their own country and color' This is the
fruit of this scheme of gradual emancipation.
In that experiment, as soon as the white peo-
ple began to perceive the effect of this gradual
scheme, almost all who could, left the magazine—
left the island Those that remained were, with
the help of certain societies in France, massacred
in the most treacherous and brutal manner.
Those who innocently think that this powder can
be burnt off gradually, have my thanks for in-
tending me no other mischief than to burn my
powdu without my leave Yet they must excuse
me; I cannot agree to the pro)ect m any way I
wish not to add to any excitement that may exist,
or fan the flame of discord.   Yet, two years since,
