IS36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Bouldin.
Ho. of Reps.
near'v . when I first had the honor of a seat Ik re,
I i \prt -st d a w i«h to print ont of these memor-
i\'s It i ont.uned two propositions—one that it
w as a shame and disgrate,as well as pain, to
noi tlx rn and eastern gentlt men, and ton ignor ,
to i miit to this lanital and find slaves and slavo-
hotdi i s hen V\ i rv w ord jppln d as thoi oughly
to \ lrgm. i, and tin wholt South, as to this pl.ue.
Tin otht r proposition was this—that if abolition
took plaet In re, in the heart of Virginia and
Man land, it would compel or influence them to
do the like. Htn was a direct pioposition to
use means to emancipate our slaves in these
States I wishtd to print this, and let the South
know w hat vv as proposi d and what feelings these
peopie entertained tow ards us, and how many
the\ might be, many or few,and who they were.
It was thought to be a firtbrand by my honor-
able colleague, [Mr Wise,] and I abandoned the
idea, as that seemed to be the opinion of the whole
South Yet I thought and said, and still think,
that if a friend ditect a man attempting to burn
m\ house or do me serious in|ur\ , and arrest it,
he has only h-tlf done his work. His next duty
is to tell me, that I may be on my guard.
It is not, then, a new thought w ith me, that the
South ought to know and understand that there
is danger abroad, and I am happy to find my
honorable rollcague agreeing with me now.
I hare consid* n d this emancipating notion for
a long time, and think I understand the quarter
from w Inch it is pressed upon us. This thing is
found in the South as well as the North, though
not to the same extent, in Europe as well as in
America It is found mainly among the aristoc-
racy—I mean the money, that is the only aristoc-
racy in this country—and among the gossiping
classes—rich idlers, and their dependants, who,
not being obliged to work, are sp< culating upon
that which will involve the life and property of
thousands and millions of honest, industrious
utizens. I know all rich people do not do this,
but it surely comes from that quarter. I never
knew an industrious man, whose habit and busi-
ness was to make bread with his own hands for
liiswift and children, nor any industrious woman,
(his wire,) whose duty, and habit, and pleasure
it was to honor her husband, and fed and clothe
his childn n, that ever pressi d this thing much
upon any one, or m< ddl< d a great d< al w ith other
people's business in anything. This class have
r.ot time for such things'. Do not understand me
to assail the wolthy part of the community
rudely. Far from it. As they have the means
md lfisure to acquire, so have they much intelli-
gence and many accomplishments not to be found
among the poorrr classi s As they are freed
from the temptation incident to want, so are they
free, in a measure, from many of the vices to
which those who are more pressed by want and
necessity are more subject. I only speak of the
fact, as I conceive it to be, without disparagement
to either c!a«s
I w ish not to provoke the ire of those who are
friendly to us, though not living in a slavehold-
ing dis'net. To go crusading against people
about tin ir abstract notions, could only be equaled
in absurdity by the crusade of the fanatics against
us for that winch we cannot help, if we were
ever so anxious I know that fanaticism is
abroad in thf land—north and south, east and
west, in Europe and America. Wi'h that it is
useh ss, w orse than idle, to attempt an argument.
It is in vain to appeal to its bowels of compas-
sion.
" Arouse the tiger in the Hyrcaman de«ert,
Htnve with the half starv'd lion for hia prey;
Lesser the rok, than t  rome
Tbe slumbering fire ot wild fanaticism."
It seems to palsy every valuable faculty of the
Riind and the soul. Look but at the Crusaders;
see how they went on like raving maniacs for
more than two hundred years. Many of the
most prudent and worthy men whose every ac-
tion was weighed in the balance before their
course was taken; every effort for their family,
their friends, and their country—many thousands
of such men, suddenly influenced by the hermit
Peter, or some such fanatic, abandoned all they
had been toiling for all their days, or sold it to
Crchase an outfit for the expedition to the Holy
wd.   How many sea* between—howr many
No. 4
hostile lands, they never thought to inquire; how
many armies they should have to subdue, they
disdained to estimate They pressed forward,
regardless of the fields whitened with the bones
of others cut oft" in the same mad career. Men
of wisdom, as well as men of folly, were eagerly
and equally engaged in this enterprise Now,
men of all kinds, wise or foolish, look back upon
them and their mad career with utter astonish-
ment, and stand amazed at their madness. The
excitement upon the subject of negio slaveryap-
Eears to me to be exactly similar, and nothing
ut God has power to arrest it.
To desire the prosperity and happiness of the
whole human family, and endeavor to promote
it, is genuine benevolence, which is the queen of all
the virtues. Free from all fanaticism, many of the
wisest and best ai e deeply concerned for the negro
race To such feelings and such notions my heart
yields its most profound and warm devotion.
I cannot, however, participate in their hopes or
their efforts When I look back into the records
of past ages, and am unable to find this race at any
period, mall time, many place, equal to their own
protection against any other race of men, I cannot
but feel that man's efforts to alter a destiny so
abiding, must prove unavailing. I mean the ne-
gro race. The Moor, the Carthaginian, the Egyp-
tian, were all black, or nearly so, but not negroes.
The negro has several marks that distinguish him
from any other race. The most remarkable is his
woolly hair. I do not mean to repioach him with
this peculiarity, nor can I see any necessary con-
nection between this peculiarity or any other that
he has, and his inferiority. I mean merely to say,
that I can find no satisfactory proof that, in any
time past, this race has been found equal to his
own protection against any other race. While a
son is an infant, under father or guardian, he can
be provided for and taken care of, but when of full
age, if he cannot take care of himself, he will
hardly be taken care of, much more certainly is
this the case with a nation or race that is not equal
to its own care and protection. Who will take
care of a nation that is not able to take care of
itself' I cannot find any proof that this race has
ever been in any other condition. W hat was their
condition in the days of Solomon' " Negro slaves
' were, in those days, extraordinary marks of lux-
' ury, pomp, or show, and were sometimes exhib-
ited as objects of curiosity. Josephus, speaking
' of the trade carried on by Solomon at Ophir,
' which he places in Africa, mentions that, besides
'gold and silver, he obtained thence much ivory,
' blacks,and monkeys;and these formed thegreat-
' est part of the African trade, even till late years.
' Solomon bought the negroes for the service of the
' temple, the high priests, and the seraglios, whence
'some few found their way, as presents to the
'courts and cities of foreign Powers. Kut in
'the subsequent ages, the decline of the kingdoms
' of the East extinguished the demand for such ar-
' tides of luxury; the speculation of foreign com-
' merce ceased, the avenues to distant objects be-
'came blocked up or forgotten; and the negro
' provinces of Africa, retaining only a very pre-
' carious communication with the Moors and
•Arabs, remained unnoticed and unknown, until
' the Portuguese adventurers again opened a route
' to their shores two thousand four hundred and
'forty years afterwards." Such was their con-
dition then—such it is now. The best protec-
tion they seem ever to have had, is the African
climate, in which no abiding European settle-
ment ever could be made, though tried in all
ages, and Asiatics can with difficulty.
After the lapse of two thousand four hundred
and forty years, what was their condition still?
While other races have been rising into eminence
and falling into barbarism, they remain the same
—ay, sir, and are still the same. Efforts have
been made for three hundred years to civilize
them, and advance them on their own shores, but
all in vain. Some of the old histonansuse expres-
sions as if the Egyptians were negroes; but the
proof is now ample that they were not negroes,
but had negro captives among them. All the
Egyptian mummies, with scarcely an exception,
have straight hair and Asiatic faces; all the sculp-
tures, statues, and paintings, show that they were
not negroes. Sir, can you believe that the famous
Queen of Sheba was a negrese, and it not men-
tioned ' Had she gone up, with her woolly hair,
ana lips higher than htr nose, in all the spli ndoi
of Asiatic magnificence, would not such a novelty
have been mentioned'
The only doubt that can be raised is in regaid
to Ethiopians. Philosophy took its rise first in
that countiy. It seems easily shown that it was
a nation formed of people of different races As
I can find nothing certain to show that the philos-
ophers of that day were not negrot s, I cannot say
they were not; jet upon the wel^ht of testimony,
what probability is thtre that they were ' None
that I can see. They have never taken the lead
since. Some individual might, but exceptions
prove the rule, yet I have no recollection of ever
having seen an individual instance of a first-rate
man in anything (except perhaps music) of that
race.
There are hordes and nations of them in that
neighborhood (Ethiopia) exactly such as they
were thousands of yeais ago.
There is a race spoken of in the Old Testament,
of whom it is said—"Cursed be Canaan, a ser-
vant of servants shall he be unto his brethren."
I have much confidence in the truth of the Old
Testament, as well as the New. There are many
things in each beyond my reach, upon the com-
mon rules of evidence, to know whether they be
true or not, but there is nothing that I evei could
find to be false. If, in this, the negro race is not
alluded to, I do not know what race is alluded to.
If I did not find a race of men, as I think, ex-
actly agreeing with it, I might have passed over
it as a thing, the application or truth of which I
could not exactly see From age to age they
have filled this saying. Shall we say it is wrong,
and we will alter it' Or shall we say we do not
believe it' And why not believe it' See the
prophecies of the Jews. There are the prophe-
cies, and here are the people; proving, by their
condition, the truth of the prophecy. Their con-
dition could not have been inferred from what had
been the condition of that, or any other people,
before or since the prophecies It may seem
hard, and does seem hard, as far as we are able
to look into it, and nothing but positive submis-
sion to overruling destiny in the eyes of the un-
believer, or submission to overruling Providence
in the eyes of the believer, confiding in his wis-
dom and goodness as well as submission to Om-
nipotence, can reconcile the heart of a kind man
to it. And, sir, should either rebel, what effect
would rebellion have '
Some say the negro would be equal, with an
equal chance. If so, he must prove it by his own
actions. It cannot be proved by supposition or
hypothesis. Why has the negro not had a chance'
Why has he not caught the European, the Asiatic,
the American, in his turn' Other races have
been up, and have been down, but they have
been down always
I know many wise and great men have hopes
that the negro race may yet be brought up to an
average with other races. I am obliged to feel
íespect for the opinions, or even the serious hopes,
of men of great talent and virtue. Yet, having
been raised in a slaveholding section, and being so
well acquainted with their character there, and
having taken some pains to inform myself of their
previous condition, I cannot feel any serious-hope
of their ever being brought up to that condition
by man's agency.
Judging from individual cases, a man might
hope; but exceptions prove a rule, though they
may exist. It is contrary to all logic to argue
from particulars to generals, but I am not informed
of one exception in which it appears that the
negro has risen to anything like an equality in
any one great pursuit of learning, or anything
else, compared to the first-rate m that same pur-
suit in other races. God forbid that I should dis-
parage them. Oftentimes it happens that they
are better and more intelligent than many who are
lamenting over their ignorance and depravity.
We have Scripture authority to show that we are
brothers; and the authorities I have quoted from,
and alluded to, are not intended to upset the
Scripture, but to prove by other evidence the truth
mentioned in the Scriptures, that we are all from
one stock. Theyprove it to my satisfaction; and
I believe would have proved it if I had never heard
of the Senpture.
