50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19
•21th Cong.... 1st Sfns.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Bouldin.
Ho. of Reps.
I do ni r  -t our i our-e to be pmsued upon the
Irl , , w - io nl o* niv opinion on th - mattt r
,, , , ui- i- nnrK il l>\ n tt—it\ \\ u tin r
n giot- < equ ii or n' no —u i iluritvv iMijhl
or « ro  g in t "  o' -"> ' ' l Ul biou   it tin m lit rt
__w ,        r   - inn   m    lit    i i- nu     b<   light or
w 101 g - v ir hti. n su ii iniinbtr-, iiul so
! rwntn\i H our in-.titi.it m-,w. e uinot gt t
, ir 11 i i hi m I h it Joins: igu u dial woisi bv
ta ii.   i,l ours  iii -, i mu i>\ holding tlu m
gt tli ii ot mmwt -nonkl bt ob'igtil to t\ttrm
í i > , i u ni ni -
T it   on \ u->t
To
-nould bt ob'i¿
I d   • list
1 him to mike  of this in w of
th   mi t r ii ibis
It th
Ml   It s-
be mi doubttul,
aid otii hop cns, ot plating the ra t in a sate
eo idu ii, and rvi-ing th, m upon  a  It m 1 with
0  ' t r 111 ion-, tlu i i- h ss propru tv in im s-mg
upon us, w ht n e v lis are grtat and liiealculablt,
and bt n> fits just vvithm llu range of possibility.
\ q ie=> t n is iskt d, w hat is to ut dont J I know
but one answer Ltavt it to God In the npe-
ness o''unu .and in His on n vvav , He vv ill do right
ab-iu. it Tut split ns ktep thtir plan and the
heavtrilv bod ta move m their orbits without
r^i-d to any as: ncv or resolutions of nun
Sur v th n. vv h n subnets ^row so 1 irge, and the
co lstqtii n tsofint rti rt net so pi nlous, mm can
n v r t e hi Id r spo l-iblt for l -a\ ins 'h' m in tlu
hv.ds of an overruling Prov dti te, \v litre at la-t,
let man n solve wnat In will, thev must rtmain
Their w takiit ss can n  it r give us th- right to
abuse th m but necessity and legal right com-
pel and tntitle us to hold them 1 have no idea
th it, undf r the circunistanct-, it is a crimt to hold
th<-m, and shall not trouble \ou or myself with
nice questions of what mould be mv opinion un-
der othtr cire imstan is, \etl will sav, sir, that
1  see nothing more monstrous in this thing in any
way than in many other things elsewhere I see
nothing to induce m* to bebí ve that if the pious
rage of Jv^ fanatics had carri' d them before Christ,
when on earth, und"r the same circumstance as
some of their brethren and predecessors did in
regard to the vv oman w ho w as taken in adultery—
I say, I can see nothing in it to prevent his giving
the same answer ' Let him that is without fault
cast  he first stone " If they will obey this rule,
I am milling they may throw as manyas they
please But they have not th  shame or self-
condemnation that the other had
< The) ve nought to do but mark and tell
Their neighbor s faults and toll} "
One thing is observable   Adultery is forbidden,
and put with murder, and the list of blackest,
deepest crime. Slavery is nowhere forbid, at least
in terms,if at all, we are driven to long inferences,
and that against fact     It existed all the while,
and still not expressly forbidden, or by any reason-
able implication     Yet, sir, do not understand me
as branching out in defense of slavery, or against
it in the abstract—I speak only as to our present
condition, the most inconvenient feature of w hich
is, that it lavs us liable to fanatics and unauthor-
ized interference from others.    If we indulge the
noble fueling of hospitality, the delight of the
southern man, and take into our bosom the for-
eigner, seeking fortune or seeking pleasure, we
put it into his power to touch us in this tender
place.    Pity enough it is that human depravity
and human ingratitude  should be  found  great
enough to abuse it, and still greater would be the
pity, if, entering into the closest alliance s of friend-
ship and interest with others, they should be found
willing to touch us on this tender chord.    I will
pass from this gloomy view of the subject. Itisan
old story andan old truth, that the heart of man is
deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked.
It might seem that Providence intended some-
thing for the benefit of the negro race, in suffer-
ing a portion of them to be brought among civil-
ized men, where they could  be governed and
protected under and by their laws, until they
wpre prepared to receive his further blessing.
If this be his design, I have no idea that man can
defeat it.    To carry them back to Africa would
aeem well calculated to stay all advance in their
career.    But the idea of carrying all the negroes
bark to Africa was never entertained seriously,
I imagine, by any one.   There are about three
millions.   To carry them and find a home for
them in a distant country is an easy job for fanat-
icism, but all tune it unable to show anything
liki it We are talking of war w ith Fiance,and
FiuKi talking ot war wall us Think ot the
io-t of tlu kw' rt .runt nts> tint eitln r would
think ot sending aetoss tin Atlintic 'I hi fun it
us tiiuik, and think ri,luh , th it tlu cost w ould
bt wouliv the ion-nit i ition of both nations
I h s is not tin point upon w hi h tin ir bi mis aie
di-mstd But io si nd thrt e million-at ro-s tlu
Atlantii, and hnd a honit for tlu in, and dttciid
the m until nigiois are abli todi fend I he nisi lvts,
is a light niaitu in tin estimation of taniUei-m.
\ it m nig, on th whole, this proittt as uttt rly
unpractieable as will as uni.oiiNtitution.il, I am
opposed to any inttiti rt in e ot any kind cahu-
ín tt d to irritate Wi art told that shut ly among
us is a sort evil, ¡sir, if a man be afilietid with
a lamtr on a vital pirt, what would he think of
a suigeon who would propose to cut it out'
What would vou think of a surgton who would
insist upon amputation, w lit n v ou knew the con-
sequeiieis would be dtuth' What would you
think oi the eharity or kindness of him, who
would persevere in ehafing and irritating an in
curable wound ' To let us alone to our destiny
is the kindi st tavor that can be bestow ed upon un
I will now proceed to answer some of the
charges that have been made against the South
as a pretext for interference with our matters
Sir, they di iw their conclusions from premises,
not one of which is true in point of fact
It is not true that the Africans in their native
country are made worse They were, very many
of them* cannibals when the slave trade com-
menced Instead of catching, killing, and eating
their enemies, they now catch and sell, careful
not to kill
It is not true that the slaves are worse off here
than in their country. Lander's Travels show
that four fifths of them are slaves. As Mr. Ran-
dolph said, " It is the happiest occurrence that
' ever could have befallen them. They are taken
' from a country where they are little better than
' baboons, and transplanted into one where tin y
' are made intelligent beings and Christians. As
' to the whites," said he, " it is another matter."
They are freer, happier, and more intelligent, and
more pious than they w ere in their own country.
It is not true that the whites are worse than
white men in other countries Any judgment
formed here would be charged with partiality.
Go to any country abroad, and see if a southern
man stands questioned by his locality. Who
stands higher than a southern gentleman for
honor, truth, justice, piety, or virtue, in any
sense - Has he the name of a hard hearted, hard-
handed tyrant' Sir, his character is known in
the world. And does it suffer by comparison
with that of gentlemen of any non-slaveholding
State' Who, for pure, feminine modesty, and
unsuspected chastity, as well as every other
quality that can recommend her to the love and
admiration of stranger or acquaintance, stands
better in the eyes of the world than the south-
ern female ' Is it supposed she will suffer by
comparison with females in any non-slaveholding
State 
It is not true that the southern people are less
safe in any sense, unless from the meddling of
others. Where is the country that has had less
violence in its bosom within two hundred years,
than the South ' The affair at Southampton is
the only one of any size. How much fanaticism
had to do with that may be doubtful. What has
been the case with non-slaveholding States ' Have
they had no mobs, no riots, in that time ' Have
the United States troops never been obliged to
lend their aid'
There is no country where there is less per-
sonal violence—fewer robberies, especially by the
negroes. Personal security is as great as any-
where in the world. Often a lady, with thou-
sands of dollars in her custody, with no other
white protection than her beautiful daughters or
granddaughters, some miles from any other white
person's dwelling, surrounded by fifty or one
hundred and fifty slaves, her only protection—all
who know anything about it, know what would
be the perd at which an attempt would be made
upon her. There rest treasure and beauty secure
together. Think you they would be more secure
thus guarded by hirelings in a non-slaveholding
country'
It is not true that tlir  free negro lure is better
thin tin   slave     Jiulgt  him by the communion
tibl  , the j ul, tin whipping post, oi thegillows
and  tin y will  all givi  it in  favor ot   tlu   slave.
Put tin in to my test, it will turn out the sum
It is not 11 lie tint situs ait dishorn st, ns is
said and supposi d by tlio-t not acquaint! d Cip-
tim Smith, w ho fn-t in uli ipcrmiw nt settlement
in Vuginia, siys, "As in all t ountric s, vv In íe
tlteie nt mmy peoph , then are some thieves,
-o m all si is much fiequtnted, there tire some
puati s " Then is stuilmg, then, by land and
hv «, a Tlu jails undgihhi ts pi ove this all ovir
the world But I will state a tact by which coiii-
pirison miybe drawn with other places Having
prittictd law in the country, in the courts of the
interior, the nature of that profession has, for
twt nty years and more, carried me into houses,
public and pi ivate, from the residence of the most
affluent to the most humble dwelling of the poor
1 earned saddle-bags without a lock, and nevei
lost the v alue of a crav at in my life from the m
In all that country, negroes are the domestic ser-
vants, and in almost all instances, such things
are committed to their care There are many
places w here there are no slaves, nt winch, if
your hat, or cloak, or trunk gets out of sight, or
is not delivered to some one who has given bond
and security to return it to you again or place it
where you direct him, you will never see it
again, and tin n unless you have the number or
description of the porter, it is infallibly gone I
do not mean to say slaves do not steal, they do
steal, but not more than people do in many places
where there are no slaves
It is not true, that they are worse provided for
than laborers in other places—the increase in that
population will pi ove this without any thingmore
In many places where there are no slaves, the in-
crease in population is nothing, being limited by
the means of subsistence I sat, sir, and my
heart bled for the sufferings of the poor in New
York, as painted with such feeling and eloquence
by a gentleman from that State, [Mr Ferris,] at
the last session. I wondered that while so much
sympathy is felt for our slaves, there were no
bowels of compassion left for these poor sufferers;
groups of them, in that extreme cold weather last
winter, hovering fordays and nights over smoking
sawdust This, too, because protecting duty was
laid on foreign coal, that the rich collier might
realize a few cents more to the bushel, to add to
his thousands, perhaps millions, and this appeal
was made to induce us to take off" that duty. I
have never seen slaves in any situation compar-
able in suffering to this It is not true, that the
whole of life betw een master and slave is that
of tyranny on the one hand, and hatred on the
other. I have never seen stronger or more lasting
friendships than are found between the children
raised up in the same family. I have never seen
more bitter tears shed, than I have seen dropped
by the domestic slaves over a deceased master or
mistress, or other member of the family. Often
have I known the mistress to rise at midnight,
and travel through the most inclement weather to
the sick bed of her servant and friend—yes, sir,
friend—and watch over her, and sympathize with
her in all her affliction, until the rising sun.
I have seen this done often by the slave, though
wearied by toil—willingly, voluntarily. I have
seen him go to the sick or otherwise afflicted
master or mistress, and nurse and watch all
night. This is no rare or uncommon thing
Why, then, should it be said of us, that the rela-
tionship between master and slave destroys all
the finer feelings of the heart. Happy is that
man in his friendships who has as many friends,
who will risk their lives for him, as a large slave-
holder generally has slaves who will peril their
lives for him. This is said to be induced by in-
terest only. It is not. But grant it Neither
interest nor any other motive can induce many
to do so to the suffering poor. It is not true that
the relationship will produce the effect to destroy
noble feeling. Where do we get our ideas of
honor and chivalry but from the days of chivalry.
and who were in more positive bondage than
was the page or the squire to his superior'
It is not true that slaves are more idle, or their
labor less profitable. The exports from this
country will show this. Three articles of export,
