52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
•24th Cong.... 1st Sfss.
Abolition of Slavery in the District—Mr. James Garland.
Ho. of Reps.
pr
of ih< Pi-i'M  onta md m the Constitution and
nc's of  o'le --«ion, tlit se guanntt < s atfoid ample
¡,, ion and in r. itrii nous upon the jurisdu -
fC'irri^ i^ thi Ui il L'JTi-liUire of
IViu t 1
• m-, i >nnt 11 on
r ^i s of ti p on'
u,     i th >s. ot l i   |
> 1
p. op
the
nt* M\«i hus  us hid no
i im r i w itii tin don  sue
ol th P situ t ih in tin \ hnd
> i!i of \ ii ,'im v or M irv 1 md,
n J i i u am uti m>>t it mtt rt r> n t with tluni
« is 1  mil  rtim n( mil obtrusivt as mtirtt rt nee
woi'dho wi > those ot \ in'iniA ami Mii\l\nd,
or anv other ind iiend> nt >\itc. He contendíd
that the i* o >U of th  Pistru t. m r  lation to their
dmnt*' t rigA'«. o  uirui d the position ot a Slate,
and vi r> muled to have th  ir rights rtspected
as su* h. and protected from inttrfti-enct from
ottn r N in s as such
Mr G . hiving thus examined the principle
jro  mj out ot what has been tcrnud the ionsti-
uition 1 right of p« tition, the extent of the obliga-
tion ot Congress to rective, and established, as he
thought, b< v ond reasonable doubt, that Conextss
w as not bound to receive petitions from people who
did not setk the red res? of some publiL or private
em * anee .iff. cung thcmselTes, w ould verv briefly
car.\ass the claim of the petition now under con-
sideration, to that character He said he would
emphaticfilh ask. what «as the gnevanee arTert-
ine the petitioners, for which they sought redress,
and in a'd of which thev so clamorously invoked
.he sacred right of petition, and the spirit of lib-
erty • Wh\ , Mr Speaker, the grievance is, that
the people of this District, some hundred miles
removed from the petitioners, hold starts, (a prop-
erty guarantied by the Constitution.) and thty
modestly ask that the people of the District may
be deprived of thur property without their con-
sent Surely this is no grievance, cither public or
private, to the petitioners. But w hat is the griev-
ance complain  d of in the petition, and for which
a remedy is sought- It is.sir, that the existence
of slavery is incompatible with the rtiigwus notions
of the petitioners, and they simply ask (o rery
'mail matter certainly) that the Confess of the
United Suites should forcibly wrest from a por-
tion of the people their property, for the very im-
portant object oi gratifying the religions scruples of
these very devoutly religious people
M r Speaker, this is as bold and darme an attempt
as was ever mad  amone a free people, to compel,
by force of law, one set of people to conform their
practices and their conscience* to the religious no-
tions of another set,—and this, sir, is the whole
grievance. Sir, once commence this work, and
by the time you have legislated conformably to
the peculiar notions of all our religious sects, there
will be little of liberty left to the people. You
will have established a complete clerical despot-
ism. Mr. Speaker, (said Mr G ,) the very clause
of the Constitution quoted by the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts, contains this valuable
provision " Congress shall make no late respecting
on atablishmeiU of re/igion." If this prov ísion is
of any value at all, it secures to every man the
right of maintaining his own religious opinions,
and conforming his practices to them I emphati-
cally a k every member here, ay, every American
freeman, if Congress should carry out the prayer
of these petitioners, whether, in practice, it is not
directly at war with the right of religious freedom
guarantied by the Constitution, as above quoted'
Some men think, and pious men, too, that slavery
is not incompatible with the strictest notions of
religion. I then ask if they are to be forced by
law, to surrender their own opinions, and be com-
pelled to conform to those of the petitioners; I an-
swer, no. You cannot so far violate the princi-
ple  of the Constitution, securing religious free-.
dom. No man, or body of men, had the right,
nor should they force hun to take their peculiar
notions of religion. He was responsible to none
but his Creator for his religious opinions ormoral
practices The Creator himself had given a guide
by which all were to be directed, it was a wise
and unerring guide. But he disclaimed for him-
self and his constituents the right of a bigoted and I
despotic teacher of religion to gull down their
throats their notions of religion or anything else.
They are as/rmi and as fallible as himself, and he
did not choose to be compelled to follow their
guidance, when he deemed them in error.
It was unreasonable to act upon such petitions
as this, because the petitioners were not affected
with the evils or n proa  lit s of slavery Thev
lived undtr 1 iws anil institutions in which it was
not tolt nt  (1 lit net tin v have no prat tit il
gritviinot to rtdnss I protist, Mr Sin iki r,
that the peoplt ot this Dis rut, who lomplnm of
no grit vanct , who have nom to ridrtss, should
bt \ lol  ntly dt pmt d ot tin ir rights to satist\ the
n ligious scruples of th  ir kind luends, this  pe-
titioners
Mr G said, that having said thus much upon
the constitutional right ot petition, and the gruy-
an i sought to be rt dressed in tin pttmon now
under consideration, he would sav a ft vv words
ns to an exception of the general obligation of
Congríss to receive and consider petitions, if in
every other respect unexceptionable Mr G
said this was an exception due to the body itself,
he alluded to the right of this body to require
that every petition presented to it should be
couched in decent and respectful language This
is an acknowledged right, and it would be a use-
less consumption of time to detain the House with
nnv arguments as to its necessity and propriety
Mr G asked if the petitition now under con-
sideration was couched in such decent and retperf-
ful language, as to address itself to the favorable
consideration of the House' Sir, in this, as in
most of the petitions which have been presented,
the peopleof the South are characterized as pirates,
manstralers, merchants in human flesh, and gross
violators of the laics of God and man The honor-
able gentleman who had just taken his seat, and
who professed to be opposed to the Abolitionists,
(no doubt sincerely,') who had made a most ex-
cellent abolition speech, complained of the terms
of opprobrium which had been used in this de-
bate towards the northern people, insomuch that
he at know ledged his zeal against abolitionism
much abated. He asked that gentkman how it
was that he could feel so sensibly the epithets
employed against the Abolitionists, and not feel
the severe reflections upon the whole southern
people contained- in these petitions' Sir, are
these terms of reproach, such as piracy, man-
stealing, &fc , so mild, and jo gentle, as to be totally
innocent, totally inoffensive ' Surely the gentle-
man cannot so think
Mr G said that the institution of slavery ex-
isted at the time of the formation of the Con-
stitution. The free States, so called, entered
into the constitutional compact with a full knowl-
edge of this state of things, and solemnly engaged
not to interfere with it. The South has faithfully
and devotedly performed its constitutional obliga-
tions for upwards of fifty years. The southern
representation have the same claim to protection
from insult and reproach, when they come here
to legislate, as the northern representation. Is
it to be patiently borne, then, Mr Speaker, that
the representation of the South are to sit here,
day after day, and hear themselves and their
constituents reproached as pirates? No, sir, it
is more then southern feeling and southern blood
can bear. It cannot, it will not be submitted to
It had been said by an honorable member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that it was almost
impossible to speak of the subject of slavery
without using terms which may be deemed in-
sulting and reproachful. Then, Mr. Speaker,
why speak of it here at all' It is no reason why
the South should submit to insult, because gen-
tlemen sav they cannot present the subject to the
consideration of Congress without using terms
of an insulting character. Sir, these petitioners
have no right to interfere, nor has Congress the
right to interfere with this subject, and these pe-
titioners have only to abstain from an unwarrant-
able interference with the rights of others, to avoid
insulting and reproaching the whole southern
people. Mr. G. said he could readily perceive
why gentlemen did not feel the force of these
terms of reproach applied to the South, and
appreciate their insulting character It was be-
cause they themselves were not the subjects
of these epithets. They were not addressed to
them, and their resentment was not therefore
excited. But Mr. G. was well satisfied that, if
any portion of the southern people were to pre-
sent petitions designating the whole people of the
north as Tones, or applying to them some other
harsh and libelous epithet, the northern members
I would readily feel the insult, and refuse to receive
such pi titions The terms of reproach employi d
in tht st petitions were no It ss lnsultni", and
dtstrved at the hands of the South the utmost
md ignition
Hut Mr G was much astonished to hear fiom
two £i ntli nit n of mu h mtt llig net ns the gi ntle-
m< n fiom Massathustts [Mtssr?. Admus and
C'ushino] nnv nigumtnt ill iwn in favor of the
rect ption of this andotlu r like petitions, because
they praytd for the abolition not only of slaveiy,
but of the slave trade, as they aie pleased to call
it, in the District of Columbia Upon what pnn-
ciple it is, (said Mi G ,) that tht Afncnn slave
can be assimilated -o individual salt s and pur-
chases of slaves in the same State, wheie slavery
exists, he said he was utterly at a loss to conceive.
Suitly the gentlemen wt re too It arm d not to
know that the right to hold a slave as property
involved necessarily tin right to alien It was a
necessary and nist purable constquence. Mr. G.
said the sales talltd the slave trade by these holy
petitioners, wire oftener the nsult of necessity
than of t hoice Tht y were sometimes made to
satisfy debts, sometimes to divide dt ad men's
estat  s,sometimes from one cause and somotimt s
another, in no case, however, changing the con-
dition of the slavt, exct.pt so far as in the char-
acter of thur masters, and if sometimes mothi r
and childrpn are separated, it is only that which
frtquently happens with tht masterand his family.
Evtry day events are tianspiring and scenes
taking place which are deeply afflicting to our
feelings, but thev are the results of human frailty
and human imperfection, and cannot be avoided.
Mr G. said, another strong, and, to his mind,
conclusive argumt nt, that the mere fact of pre-
senting a p< tition did not impose the obligation of
receiving it, was the veiy propounding of the
question—" Shall the petition be received''" It
implies in itself the power no< to recenc, and the
reason of the nilt setms clearly to be, that the
power not to ret eive had reference as well to the
subject-matter of the petition as to the language
in whicli it is couched But it is asked, how is
the House to get in possession of the subject-
matter of a petition, unless it be received and
read' The answer to this inquiry was quite
easy. By a rule of the House, (very member
who presents a petition is required briefly to state
the subject-matter of it In this way the House
becomes possessed of its object, and may, upon
ample information, determine upon the question
of reception. If the petition asks Congress to
do what it is palpably forbidden by the Consti-
tution to do, is there any reason why it should
be received'    Certainly none.
Mr. G said, that the precedent relied upon by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ctsn-
ivg,] of the reception and rejection of the peti-
tion of the Society of Friends in 1791, did not
apply Mr. G. said, that the material object of
that petition was the regulation and ultimate abo-
lition of the African slave trade. This was a
subject, in part, at least, which belonged to the
constitutional authority of Congress. The right
to regulate the African slave trade was in effect
the right to regulate commerce, which properly
belonged to the exclusive jurisdiction of Con-
gress. Hence the propriety of the reception of
that memorial, although it was subsequently and
properly rejected. But that case does not apply
to this petition. This petition asks Congress to
do what it has no power to do.
Mr. G. said, he begged the indulgence of the
House for a few moments, while he briefly re-
curred to the question of constitutional power of
Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. He said there was only one article of
the Constitution upon that subject, and that is
aa follows
" To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
' whatsoever over such District (not exceeding ten
' miles square) as may, by cession of particular
• States, and the acceptance of Congress, become
' the seat of the Government of the United States,
&c.
It will be perceived that this clause is a part of
the original draft of the Constitution, and that it
was adopted before the cession of the District of
Columbia, but expressly in anticipation of such
an event.   Of course, as I before remarked, thia
