56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of Appropriation Bill—Mr. Cambreleng.
Ho. or Reps.
ated a3 the House was; but that if any other
member of the committee of conference pro-
posed to do it, I should make no objection,
though I believed such a proposition utterly in-
effectual at that time. Mr. Lewis took the report,
and, as the Journal states, made it. But, sir, in
what manner did he make it ? When the gentle-
man from Virginia read from the Journal the
paragraph about the report, I was astonished.
When I came, however, to examine that Journal
myself, when I observed a paragraph which had
escaped the vigilant eye of that gentleman, my
astonishment ceased.    Here it is, sir:
" The item proposed by the conferees in lieu
' of the amendment of the House, was then read,
4 and the question was stated, that the House do
'adopt the same; when it was objected that a
'quorum was not present." We shall see, sir,
who it was that objected—"and, thereupon, Mr.
' Cambreleng and Mr. Lewis were appointed tellers
' to return the House; and the House being counted,
' the tellers reported that a quorum teas nof present."
Yes, Mr. Speaker,the tellers appointed to return
the House, reported that a quorum was not pres-
ent. This, sir, is Mr. Lewis's report. Was not
every member present counted, whether refusing
to vote or not? If any member had "skulked,"
would not Mr. Lewis have reported that fact ?
But, sir, the Journal does not state the case pre-
cisely as it occurred, though I presume the offi-
cers of the House felt obliged to place the report
upon the Journal in some form. There appears,
sir, to have been some doubt about the fact, for
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Phil-
lips] inquired of the Chair about it, and the re-
port states that " the Chair stated in reply, that,
as he understood, the report was made." [Mr.
Phillips here rose, and stated that the report
was not correct—that he understood the Chair to
reply that the report had not been made.] The
gentleman's recollection corresponds with my
own as to the fact that the report was not, strict-
ly speaking, made. In saying this, I by no
means design any imputation against the officers
of the House. It could not be overlooked in the
account of our proceedings. But, sir, the Intelli-
gencer's report of what actually occurred, accords
precisely with my recollection of it, viz:
" Mr. Lewis (another member of the commit-
' tee of conference) took the report from Mr.
'Cambreleng, with the apparent intention of
' offering it to the House, but he first asked the
' Chair"—for no man better understands his par-
liamentary duty—" he first asked the Chair whether
there was a quorum present or not." There was
not, sir, and Mr. Lewis laid the bill upon the
Clerk's table, and there it remained.
Mr. Speaker, I confess that when that extraor-
dinary message was received from the Senate—
when we witnessed the solemn farce of hearing
announced a grave message from that dignified
body, rebuking the few members remaining, and
who, it was well known all over this Capitol,
were taking steps preparatory to adjournment, I
felt, sir, some of the indignation so warmly ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams.] But, sir, had we then known, as
we have been since informed—as we are now,
indeed, told by honorable Senators themselves—
that before that message was sent to this House,
they had received a message from the President
of the United States, announcing to them that as
the functions of Congress had ceased, he could
receive no further communications from them—
had we been aware of that fact, sir, by what
name should we have designated this extraordi-
nary proceeding ? Might it not have been de-
nounced as a miserable artifice, to attempt to shift
the responsibility of leaving the country defense-
less, from the Senate to the Executive? All such
expedients, sir, were in vain, as well as all these
speeches upon the subject. The country well
know where this responsibility rests. The story
of the $3,000,000 appropriation is briefly told.
It was the proposition of the House, in pursu-
ance of the President's message, and for our
country's defense; it was sent to the Senate,
where it was rudely rejected; it was sent there
again and again; it was uncourteously returned
to the House. It then received its death-blow in
the Senate; it lingered for a time between the
two Houses; it perished in the committee of con-
ference, and its poor miserable remains were
brought and deposited here; the gentlemen from
Alabama and New Hampshire and myself acting
as pall-bearcrs.
But, sir, I dismiss all these details, which I
have been compelled to go into in self-defense.
I come now, sir, to those great constitutional ob-
jections which honorable Senators have urged
against the $3,000,000 appropriation, proposed
for our defense, in the contingency of war. We
have been told, sir, that the amendment specified
no objects—that everything was left to the dis-
cretion of the President—that he could do every-
thing touching the naval service, without control,
and that he would have an absolute power to
raise and employ land forces; and we are asked
whether our legislation, under our Constitution,
furnishes any precedent for all this ?
Mr. Speaker, these objections are made, and
these questions are asked, by Senators distin-
guished as statesmen—gentlemen of great expe-
rience, having been in the public councils some
twenty or thirty years, in peace and in war.
Such bold declarations of gentlemen of expe-
rience and reputation, though entirely unsup-
ported by the history of our country, may some-
times mislead, especially when put forth with an
air of confidence and authority.
The history of our legislation, sir, is replete
with precedents, notwithstanding the bold decla-
rations of gentlemen to the contrary. I have in
my hand a list of some forty or fifty, a few of
which I will only notice. In the early history
of our legislation, in Washingston's administra-
tion, all our expenditures for the civil list were
in one line, and for the Army another, without
any specification whatever. I know that we have
long since departed from that rule, but I doubt a
little whether we have consulted true economy
by such a course, for every branch we have
lopped off has become a tree, till finally one, two,
and three hundred thousand dollars have mounted
up to two or three times as many millions.
Such, sir, are some of the results of too much
specification. On the 20th of March, 1794,
$1,000,000 was placed at the discretion of Presi-
dent Washington, without specification of any
kind whatever, to defray " any expense which
may be incurred in relation to the intercourse be-
tween the United States and foreign nations."
In the next Administration, sir, on the 3d of
May, 1798—(and lest gentlemen should be
alarmed at the period referred to, I shall, before
I sit down, give them more republican authori-
ties)—in 1798, sir, $250,000 was placed at the
discretion of President Adams, for certain forti-
fications, " and to erect fortifications in any other
' place or places as the public safely shall require, in
' the opinion of the President of the United States,
' to be erected under his discretion, from time to time,
' as he shall judge necessary."
1798. May 4. Eight hundred thousand dollars
for cannon, small-arms, ammunition, and mili-
tary stores, " for the public safety and defense, at
the discretion of the President;" who was, by the
same act, authorized to establish armories and
founderies, &c.
1798. May 28. The President authorized to
raise ten thousand troops t'intheeventofadeclar-
' ation of war against the United States, or of actual
' invasion of their territory by a foreign power; or of
' IMMINENT DANGER OF SUCH INVASION DISCOVERED,
' IN HIS OPINION, TO EXIST BEFORE THE NEXT SES-
' sion of Congress;" and authorized to organize
them into corps of artillery, cavalry, and infantry,
with a suitable number of major generals, &c.
1798.     July 16. Nine hundred thousand dol-
lars for the increased Army.
1799.     March 2. The President authorized to
raise " twenty-four regiments of infantry, aregi-
' ment and a battalion of riflemen, a battalion of
' artillerists and engineers, and three regiments of
' cavalry, or such part thereof as he shall judge
' necessary, in case war shall break out between the
' United States and a foreign European Power, orin
' case of imminent danger of invasion of their
' territory by any s\tch Poxoer, shall, in his opinion,
' be discovered to exist." Two millions ap-
propriated, and the President authorized to bor-
row the money.
We come now to the administration of Mr.
Jefferson, when, sir, I believe there was no dis-
position to violate the Constitution, or destroy
the Government with the battery of an appropri-
ation.
1803. February 26. Two millions of dollars
in addition toformerappropriations,withoutany
specification whatever, " for the purpose of de-
' fraying any extraordinary expenses which may be
' incurred in the intercourse between the United States
' and foreign nationi," " to be applied nnder the
'direction of the President of the United States."
Authorized to borrow the money.
1803.   March3. President authorized, "when-
ever he shall judge it expedient," to require
of the Executives of certain States to organize,
arm, equip, and "hold in readiness to inarch at
a moment's warning, a detachment of militia not
exceeding eighty thousand."
One million five hundred thousand dollars for
pay and subsistence of such as may be wanted,
for ordnance and other military stores, " and for
'defraying such other expenses as,during the
' recess of Congress, the President may deem
' necessary for the security of the territory
' of the United States; tobe applied under the
' direction of the President."
1804.     March 26. For equipping such armed
vessels "as may be deemed requisite by the
' President;" and for " defraying any other ex-
' penses incidental to the intercourse with the Bar-
' bary powers," against Tripoli, " or any other
'of the Barbary Powers, which may commit hos-
' tilities," &c. Mediterranean fund established
by this act: $1,500,000 appropriated. President
authorized to borrow it.
The following act is so important, comprehen-
sive, and indefinite, and applies so directly to the
case of secret service money, (never contemplated
in the appropriation last year,) that I give the
whole section. The President was also author-
ized to borrow the money.
1806. February 13. "Thatthe sum of $2,000,000
' be, and the same is hereby, appropriated towards
' defraying any extraordinary expenses which may be
' incurred in the intercourse between the United
' States and foreign nations, to be paid out of any
' money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
' ated, and to be applied under the direction of the
'President of the United States, who shall cause
' an account thereof to be laid before Congress as
' soon as may be."
1806.   April 18. The President authorized, " at
such time as he shall deem necessary, to re-
quire of the Executives of the several States,"
to organize, and " to hold in readiness to march at
a moment's warning," one hundred thousand
militia.    Two millions of dollars appropriated.
1807.   February 24. Thirty thousand volun-
teers—" to be called upon to do military duty at
any time the President of the United United shall
judge proper." Fifty thousand dollars appropri-
ated.
1808.   January 8. One million dollars for such
fortifications " as he may deem necessary" to
repair, and for "such other fortifications, &c,
as will afford more effectual protection to our
ports and harbors," &c.
We now come down, sir, to Mr. Madison's
administration, and approach a period with which
some of the distinguished gentlemen of the Senate
must be familiar, even if they had no hand in
framing or voting for these laws.
1809.  January 14. Seven hundred and fifty
thousand dollars " for certain purposes, and
' erecting such fortifications as may, in the opinion
' of the President of the United States, be deemed
' necessary for the protection of the northern and wtst-
' ern/ronfiers," &c, &c.
1811.   March 3. One million three hundred and
ten thousand and forty-six dollars and thirty cents
generally for completing fortifications.
1812.  January 14.    One million five hundred
thousand dollars, to purchase, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, ordnance^
stores, camp  equipages, and  other quartermasters
stores, for the Jlrmy.
1812. January8. President authorized " when-
ever lie shall have satiifactory evidence of the actual
or threatened invasion of any State," &c, to raise
six companies of rangers.
