IB3&J
APrt¿tfDÍ* '<to Ttífc^PÍOÍÍÉMgterML ^LOttfe.
5t
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Défeiat-JMr. V&wtdy.
™§£
Hate.
1812.  March 30. Fifty thousand dollars Addi-
tional, " for the purpose* of fortifying and defend-
ing the maritime frontier if the United States."
July 5. Five hundred thousand dollars more.
The following were appropriations simply:
1813.  January 20. One million dollars for the
military establishment; one million dollars for
the naval.
1814.  March 9. Five hundred thousand dollars
for floating batteries.
November 15. Six hundred thousand dollars
for any number of vessels, aot exceeding twenty,
vhich, in the President's opinion, the public service
auu  require.
The act of 20th April, 1816, appropriates
41,000,000 annually, for eight years, for the
Navy; and the President is authorized to build
ships, or to cause them to be framed, etc.;,and
never, sir, till 1821, was there an appropriation
made for fortifications, except generally, and
without specification.
Such, Mr. Speaker, «re some few of the prece-
dents for appropriations in sudden emergencies,
and to prepare our country for the contingency of
war. Instead, sir, of making all these objections
to forms; instead of resorting; to all these expedi-
ents toavert responsibility, and making unfounded
appeals to the history of our legislation, would it
not be more candid, more manly, nay, more hon-
orable, sir, to take the honest ground which some
gentlemen have occupied, and say they would
not make the appropriation through fear of a war
with France? Sir, these timid councils never
have-aoceeeded, and never will. It was the un-
fortunate decision of the Senate, that it was inex-
pedient to do anything, that produced the prompt
rejection of the $3,000,000 appropriation for our
national defease; it was their unfortunate and
unchangeable resolution to oppose the House,
the President, and die country. France exulted
at this division in our national councils; the result
ia, the treaty is not executed, and we are now
preparing for any emergency. Mr. Speaker, the
Senate in former days was not found, in any
question between our country and a foreign
Power, uncourteously and rudely resisting meas-
ures of this House designed for our national
defense, in case war should come upon us in the
recess of Congress. They did not reject propo-
sitions without examination, and adhere without
previous Conference. They did not scruple about
forms, specifications, and estimates of Depart-
ments, when called upon by the President to
adopt measures " to maintain the rights and
honor of the country."
But, sir, it is time to dismiss this inquiry. It
is a matter of little moment now to the nation
which House destroyed the $3,000,000 appro-
priation, or who the fortification bill. I am glad
to learn from almost all sides that we are now
determined, in both Houses, to unite with the
Executive in putting our country in that strong
attitude which she ought to assume, whether we
have peace or war. This is no time, sir, for con-
tinuing a war between the House and the Senate.
The crisis' demands that there should be no dif-
ferences between the different branches of our
Government. We are in the midst of an Indian
war; we are threatened with a border war on our
Mexican frontier, we are engaged in a contro-
versy with one of the most powerful nations, and
the scales are so equally balanced that a feather
would decide the question of peace or war. France
has told us the conditions on which only the
treaty will be executed; she now stands pledged
to exact conditions which this country never will
submit to, though it should be desolated from
Maine to Louisiana. I am stin not without hope
of peace, but when a French fleet is abroad upon
the Atlantic, it is not a time to inquire about lost
appropriations. We should be looking promptly
to measures of defense; we should be developing
the vast resources of our country, and erecting
upon the ruins of our fortification bill a fabric of
defense which will do honor to this Congress.
Let us arm our fortifications, multiply our steam
batteries, and in less than twelve months put upon
the ocean, as our great maritime resources will
enable us to do, a fleet capable of successfully
contending with the naval power of France or of
any other nation.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
SPEECH OF HON. FELIX GRUNDY,
OF TENNESSEE,
Ik Senate, January 28, 1836,
In support of Mr. Benton's resolutions, respect-
ing the fortifications and defenses of the coun-
try, after they had been modified at the sugges-
tion of Mr. Gründt.
Mr. GRUNDY said;
Mr. President: Notwithstanding the indispo-
sition under which I labor, I hope to be able tp
make myself understood, although I am aware
that the manner in which I shall discharge the
duty before me will be less acceptable than tha 
of others, or than it could be performed even by
myself, under more favorable circumstances,
When I moved the modification of the resolution
which my friend from Missouri was kind enough
to accept, accompanied by the brief explanation
I then made, I did suppose that I could scarcely
be misunderstood by any one; but I find I was
mistaken, as the resolution is now deemed by
some Senators more exceptionable than it was in
its original form; it therefore becomes necessary
and proper that I should explain more fully, and
at large, my views and objects.
That the United States are exposed, and in too
great a degree defenseless, is admitted by every
intelligent man. On this account the country suf-
fered much in the late war with Great Britain.
Our large cities on the sea-board were constantly
exposed to the approaches of the enemy, and this
city became the theater of their actions. Even
this Capitol, containing the sacred halls of the
legislation of freemen, was burnt and destroyed.
Since that time, our means of defense have not
been so improved as to prevent similar occur-
rences and sufferings in $ie event of another war
with any powerful nation. This condition of
things has been heretofore the resultof necessity,
not of choice. The remainder of the public debt
incurred in the revolutionary war, and the whole
of the debt occasioned by the last war, had to be
paid; and the payments to be made in discharge
of them, and the ordinary current expenses of the
Government, required all the money accruing
from every source of revenue.
I therefore.cast no blame upon those who have
preceded us. There has been no period in the
history of the Government, when the proper de-
fenses for the country could have been provided,
without resorting to a system, of taxation which
would have been oppressive. An unwillingness,
very properly felt, to increase the public burdens,
combined with a desire to discharge our public
engagements with punctuality, accounts for the
gresent defenseless condition of the country,
ut what is the state of things now? You have,
or will shortly have, about thirty millions in the
Treasury, a large portion of which is not, nor can
be needed for the ordinary purposes of the Gov-
ernment;ond you cannot,  f youact in good faith,
and in fulfillment of the pledge given at the time,
«nd by the passage of the compromise tariff act,
so reduce or diminish the revenue as to prevent
an accumulation of the surplus.
Gentlemen are constantly engaged in devising
ways and means to dispose of this surplus money;
for, none of us are willing that it shall remain in
the public treasury unexpended. The Senator
from South Carolina [Mr  Calhoun} proposes
an amendment of the Constitution, to enable Con-
gress to make a disposition of, it, while the Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr, Clay] makes a propo-
sition to divide, by an act of Congress, a. consid-
erable portion of it, which haj.qr maya^iseífrom
the sale,, ofi the public lands among' tpe several
States. My opinion is, that we should first dis-
charge our own duties, by fulfilling all the trusts
committed to us, with the means which the Con-
stitution apd laws have placed in our hands, be-
fore we go abroad in search of objects of munifi-
cence or bounty. To protect and defend the
States was one of the great objects which led to
the formation of the Constitution, Not to pro-
vide for their proper defense, when the means
are within our hands, is to fail in the performance
of one of the highest trusts confided to the Fed-
eral Government; and we are left without ex-
cuse if we squander of give away the money for
purposes, respecting which there is no constittf-
tional obligation upon us, and thereby disable
ourselves from defending the country against its
enemies. What, then, is our duty? My answer
is, prepare the country, whether there is to be
peace or war; so if war shall come, the pride of
our citizens may not again be humbled by wit-
nessing the scenes of the late war.
My object in offering the proposition to amend
or modify the original resolution was, and now
is, to set apart from all other uses so much of the
surplus revenue which has or may accrue, as
will be sufficient to provide the proper defenses
of the country; and, to enable Congress to form
a proper estimate of how much should be set
apart for this purpose, the,Other resolutions ask
information of the proper Departments, what
sums of money will be necessary for the different
objects specified. When an answer shall be
received from the Executive, then Congress can
decide whether it will adopt the scheme proposed
"by that Department, or whether it will increase
or diminish the means of defense recommended.
In this way we shall .act undergtandinsly. We
can, after the information is obtained, determine
what wo pdght to do. We shall then know' thp
prob^bie amount of the cost, and set apart n sum
of money outbf the present apd accruing surplus,
sufficient to accomplish the objects contemplated,
whatever they may be. It certainly was not,
andjs not, my intention, that this great work of
fortifying and defending the country should pror
fress in, the tardy manner heretofore pursued,
ut as rapidly as labor and materials can be pro,-
cured.                          ,                                            ,
I have stated that the want of money was the
reason why this subject had not heretofore bepn
effectually attended to. We now have the money,;
it has accumulated, and is still accumulating upon
our hands, and we cannot prevent it. We are
driven by a kind of necessity or destiny to the
discharge of the high duty of preparing to protect
and defend our country against every enemy who
may approach our shores. I am, solicitous that
these defenses should be made or provided out of
that surplus revenue which you cannot materially
reduce or diminish^and before the period arrives
when your revenue, under the operation of the
tariffeompromise act,, may pot be more thaji
sufficient to defray the ordinary expenditures of
the Government. If the surplus of which I Lave
spoken be applied to other objects, for which
Congress is under no constitutional obligation to
.provide, the consequence will be that the people
must be taxed in order to raise the money neces-
sary to protect the country 
Having made this explanation of my views in
reference to the resolutions or  your table, I will
jiow proceed to the investigation of other topics
which have been introduced into this debate. I
have no accusations to make against any one. I
am too imperfect myself^ and I know it, to as-
sume the station of a censor of the conduct of
others; but gentlemen should recollect, while
they are denouncing, in no measured terms, the
jMoposed appropriation of $3,000^00 at the last
session, that some of us voted for it; and we
have the same motives and the same influenc«iS
which «operate on them to vindicate ourselves
from the charge, indirectly made, to be sure,, of
beipg ipfractors or vio^tprs. of the .Constitution,
and of having vote'd for a measure for which they
would not Have voted even to saVe ipe Capitol
from the enemies of the country, These are hard
sayings; and when their application falls on us,
merits a serious examination. In making this
examination, I shall exhibit facts and arguments
in support of the course adopted by the minority
of this body; and this will fill up the whole cirete
of my duties here. I shall not assume upon my-
self the right of judging and condemning others:
that belongs to another forum, the great tribunal
of public opinion, by whose decision I am will-
ing in this case, as in all other cases, to abide.
I ask, what part of the Constitution of the United
States would have been violated by this appro-
priation of $3,000,000 ? None, according to my
reading and understanding of that, instrument.
It provides that " no money shall be drawn from
