1936.]
APPBNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
S9
34th Gong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Grundy.
S^iute.
of members far the new Congress, in many of
the States, not having taken place, it seems to
me quite reasonable that some means of defense
should have been placed in the hands of the ex-
ecutive, to be used in case it became necessary.
It should still be remembered, that the Presi-
dent had no right to use one dollar of these
$3,000,000, unless " the expenditures should be
rendered necessary for the defense of the coun-
try, prior to the next meeting of Congress."
I will now say a few words upon the loss of
the ordinary appropriation bill at the last session.
I will take it for granted, until conclusive evi-
dence shall fasten upon my mind a contrary con-
viction, that no committee, no member of either
House acted unworthy of his station, or used
any unfair or disreputable means in defeat the
passage of that bin. The remark of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] that
its bones are to be searched for in the other
House, is true to the letter, but that in not the
material inquiry; where was the fatal blow-
where was the mortal wound inflicted? If it were
inflicted in this body, it is of no consequence that
the bill was carried to the other House, and there
lingered for a short time and died in the place of
its nativity and origin. But even if the mortal
wound were received in this body, and it was
inflicted in defense of the Constitution, all men,
both here and elsewhere, would pronounce the
act justifiable. Let us now examine how this
bill was lost. I insist its loss is wholly attrib-
utable to the disagreement which grew up be-
tween the two Houses upon the subject of the
$3,000,000 appropriation. But for the disagree-
ment between the two Houses upon that subject,
the hill would have passed both Houses of Con-
gress, and.have become the law 'of the land. K
the Senate had not rejected the $3,000,000, no
difficulty would have occurred. The House had
passed the appropriation bill, and it came to this
body. The Senate concurred in all the House
had done, and inserted, by way of amendments,
additional appropriations. The bill was then
returned to the House, and it agreed to all the
amendments of the Senate, and engrafted upon
them the appropriation of $3,000,000. Each
House had agreed to every appropriation con-
tained in the bill, except the amendment made by
the House proposing the appropriation for the
|3,000,000. To this the Senate disagreed, and
the loss of the bill cannot rightfully be imputed
to any other cause than the difference of opinion
which existed between the two Houses upon the
subject. Gentlemen may argue as long as they
please; they may give lengthy historical accounts
of the progress of the bill through committees
and the two Houses; they may labor to fix the
blame where they may, and it at least resolves
itself into this: That the House of Representa-
tive* wanted the appropriation' of #3,000,000;
the Senate would not agree to it-, land on that
account, and that only, the fortification bill failed.
It has been objected that the President had not
asked, by a message, for this appropriation. Can
Congress do nothing for the defense of the coun-
try, when All the facts are before them, without
being stimulated by a message from the Chief
Magistrate? If he had sent a message reeomr
mending the appropriation, would he not have
been charged with dictating to Congress the meas-
ures they should adopt? Now, when he has
placed all the facts in relation to our intercourse
with France before Congress, and leaves the whole
matter to them, with a confident reliance that
" an their part every thing will be done to main-
tain the rights and honor of the country which
the occasion requires," it is said he has been
guilty of a  omission of duty.
A serious question seems now to be made'as to
what time Congress constitutionally terminates.
Until lately, I have not heard it seriously -urged
that twelve o'clock, on the 3d of March, at night,
was not the true period. It m now insisted; how-
ever, that twelve o'clock, on the 4th of March,-is
the true time; and the argument in support of
this is, that the first Congress met at twelve
o'clock on the 4th of March. Thiáis notplacing
the question on the true ground; it is not when
the Congress did meet, or when the President
was qualified by taking the oaths of office; but
when did they have the constitutional right to
meet? This certainly was, and is, in all future
cases, on the 4th of March; and if the day com-
mences, according to the universal acceptation
and understanding of the country, at the first mo-
ment after twelve o'clock at night on the 3d of
March, the constitutional right or power of the
new Congress commences at that time. And if
called by the Chief Magistrate to meet at that
time, they might then qualify and open their ses-
sion. There would be no use in arguing away
the common understanding of the country; and
it would seem as reasonable to maintain that the
4th of. March ended when the first Congress ad-
journed, as it is to say that it began when they
met. From twelve o clock at night, until twelve
o'clock at night, is the mode of computing a day
by the people of the United States, and I do not
feel authorized to establish a different mode of
computation for Congress. At what hour does
Christmas commence r When does the first day i
of the year, or the first of January, commence ?
Is it at midnight or at noon ? If the first day of
a year or month begins and ends at midnight,
does not every other day ? Congress has always
acted upon the impression that the 3d of Mareh
ended at midnight; hence that setting back of
clocks which we have witnessed on the 3d of
March at the termination of the short session.
In using this argument, I do not wish to be
understood as censuring those who have trans-
acted the public business here, after twelve
o'clock on the 3d of March. From this error,if
it be one, I claim no exemption. With a single
exception, I believe I have always remained
until the final adjournment of both Houses. As
to the President of the United States, be re-
mained until after one o'clock on the 4th of
March., This was making a full and fair allow-
ance for the difference that might exist in differ-
ent instruments for keeping time; and he then '
retired from his chamber in the Capitol. The
fortificatien bill never passed Congress; it never
was offered to him for his signature; he, there-
fore, can be in no fault. It is argued that many
acta of Congress passed on the 4th of March, at
the short session, are in oar statute-books, and
that these acts are valid and binding. It should
be remembered that they all bear date on the 3d
of March; and so high is the authenticity of our
records, that according to the rules of evidence,
no testimony can be received to contradict any-
thing which appears upon the face of our acts.
Mr. President, I now propose to say some-
thing of our present condition, in reference to
-our relations with France, and what are the
prospects before us. For the last three years,
France has enjoyed the reduction of duties, stip-
ulated for in the treaty of the 4th of July, 1831.
By this reduction, she has gained or saved for
her citizens upwards of #3,000,000 prior to the
end of the year 1834, which, but for the treaty,
would ntfw be in the Treasury of the United
States. By this- time, she will have saved alto-
grther $5,006,800. She has obtained and enjoyed
all these benefits', and still fail  and refuses to
pay one cent of the $5,000,000 stipulated to be
paid on her part; and what is the plea or argu-
ment she employs in justification of her conduct?
She pleads a supposed insult as a set-off to a just
debt, a debt acknowledged to be just in a treaty
made by the executive branch of that Govern-
ment, and signed by the King's own hand; a
debt acknowledged to be just by the Chamber
«f Deputies, after a full examination made by
that body into the claim  of óur citizen*: >
If further evidence of the fastiee of the claims
^>f our citizens upon the Frenen nation were
needed, it is famished by the' rteowi  of the
American board of commissioners ,<J*4w are ap-
pointed by this Government, in pursuance of the
treaty, to ascertain them. By the adjudications
of that board it appears, that claim* to the amount
-of upwards of #9,000,000 have been established;
so that but little more than one half of the prin-
cipal, without interest, would have been received
by these claimants, had the French nation com-
plied strictly with its engagements. Add to this
that many of the claimants must have-failed to
establish their claims, -front the unavoidable loss
of testimony in the course of'thirty years.   I
cannot perceive how any difficulty could ever
have arisen, or any serious question have been
made among those who had a full opportunity
of examining the subject as to the justice of the
claims of our citizens to the extent of $5,000,000.
But the French Government is not content with
having heretofore withheld the payment of less
than one half of our just claims; they refuse to
pay any portion of it hereafter, unless our Gov-
ernment shall comply with a new and degrading
condition prescribed by themselves; in the lan-
guage of the Duke de Broglie, they will pay the
money only " when the Government of the United
'States is ready to declare to us, (the French
'Government,) by addressing its claims to us
' officially and in writing, that it regrets the mis-
' understanding which ñas arisen between the
' two countries, that thif misunderstanding is
'founded on mistake, and that it never entered
«its intention to call in question the good faith
' of the French Government, nor to take a mear
' acing attitude towards France."
Upon this branch of the subject, I hope there
can be no diversity of opinion amongst us; I
hope there is no heart beating in an American
bosom that is willing that this country shall be
thus degraded. The;French Minister^ of Foreign
Affairs here prescribes to the Government of the
-United States, not only the mode and manner, but
the very language which is. to be employed by
this Government. He says, in the first place,
that the apology required is to be addressed to the
French Government officially, and it must be in
writing, and of course signed by the President of
the United States, or Secretary of State-, and then
follows the very terms and language which are to
used by the Government of the United States in
this act of humiliation. And why is this to be
done ? To procure the payment of about one
half of the amount justly due to our citizens. Sir,
the French nation, in the most brilliant days of
her late Emperor, could neither purchase, nor
by the dread of its arms terrify, either the
people or Government of the United States into
so disgraceful an act. What is the pretext for
this arrogant demand on the part of the French
Government? It is that the Chief Magistrate
of the United States, in his annual' conxmuni-
catioa to Congress in 1834t gave a history, and
a true one, too, of' the transactions between
France and this Government, which wounded
the sensibilities of. die French Government. It
is not alleged that, any misstatement was made
in that message, that any expression or word
was used which was not in strict accordance with
the facts of the case as they really existed. Did
•not France seize unlawfully the property of our
citizens? Had she not confessed it and ac-
knowledged she owed u* a debt of $5,000,000
on that account? Had she not promised to pay
this debt at certain periods on the faith and word
of her King ? Had not some óf those periods
actually expired, not only without any provision
for payment, but with the positive refusal by her
legislative Chambers to make pro-vision? And
what did the President say in his message ? He
stated these facts to the representatives of the
people of the United States. Had he done less,
he would not have fully discharged his duty.
France might feel mortified at the idea of being
held so strictly to account by our young Repub-
lic, but she had no right to complain,and much
less to ask foran apology or explanation. It was
the proper consequence of her neglect t* pay her
just debt.                 <
But, siry V forbear to press this view of the
subject further. There is another Wronger light
in which if ought to be considered. The French
Government claim the right to interpose and in-
terfere in our domestic consultations: This can-
not be permitted so long as we aré * sovereign
and independent nation and the present Consti-
tution endures. It is the duty of the President
to communicate to Congress freely and fully upon
all subjects, and more especially in relation to
•our foreign affairs, which are managed particu-
larly under his guidance and direction. And,
should anyforeign nation be allowed tointerpose
between the President! and Congress, and control
the Chief Magistral  by the apprehension that it
might take offense in hia making a full and com-
