60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Bitchanan.
Senate.
plete declaration of the f>ets, and his views as
connected w ith them, in reference to such nation '
If tvir it should take place, I shall consider the
independence of this nation a* it an end, and the
Govenmunt ltvlf of no \aim We all know
that the pn sent Chi< f Magistrate is the last man
In mg w ho w ill e\er dishonor his countn bv an
act of this kind, and I hope if then be one Sen-
ator here nhonould be wlllmg to ste the Prtsi-
dent of the Unite d Statt s commit so degrading an
ml, that hi will come forw trd and avow it I
w ill go further, no man will ever be eltoted Pres-
ident of these United States, who will so tar
forget the honor of his country and the high
duties of lus station, as to think, for a moment,
ot doing an act which will not only disgrace him,
but a uhole nation of freemen. The French Gov-
ernment seem to have forgotten, or not well to
have understood, the principles of our Govern-
ment, or this unreasonable requirement on their
part would never haw been made, unless, indeed,
they intend it as a mode of refusing to execute
the treaty Carry the prmciple out, and where
•will it lead us' We have not, by our Constitu-
tion or frame of Government, given our President
the pow er to declare w ar or issue letters of marque
and reprisal, like the monarchs of Europe. He
can only propose and discuss these measures in
the first instance. He is not the Government for
these purposes, but only a part of it. The Gov-
ernment has never made a declaration, or done
an act on these subjects; and until some resolu-
tion or act has passed the Senate and House of
Representatives, and been approved by the Pres-
ident, the interests of no foreign nation can be
affected. Each member of Congress is as much
a member of the Government in declaring war,
and issuing letters of marque and reprisal, as the
President, and his single declaration is just as
effective. If the principle asserted by France be
sound, then may she demand explanations of
anything wounding to her pride whit-h may be
■aid here in debate, and the nation may be held
responsible, not for the acts and declarations of
its Government, but for the assertions of each in-
dividual of which it constituted. Such a propo-
sition would be monstrous, and can never be per-
mitted in the practice of our Government, and if
France persists in her demands, I am unable to
■ay when or how this controversy may end.
In this state of things what course does wisdom
point out' To prepare for the worst that may
come is certainly the true course. But it is said
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] that if we arm, we instantly make
wai; it is war If this be so, we are placed in a
most humiliating situation. Since this contro-
versy commenced, the French nation has armed;
they have increased their vessels of war; they
hav e equipped them, they have enlisted or pressed
additional seamen into the public service; they
have appointed to the command of this large
naval force one of their most experienced and
renowned naval officers; and this squadron thus
prepared—and for what particular purpose we
know not—is now actually in the neighborhood
of the American coast. I admit this proceeding
on the part of the French Government is neither
war nor just cause of war on our part, but seeing
this, shall we be told, if we do similar acts, de-
signed to defend our own country, we are making
war' As I undeistand the public law, every
nation has the right to judge for itself of the ex-
tent of its own military and naval armaments,
and no other nation has a right to complain or
call it in question. It appears to me, that al-
though the preparations and armaments of the
French Government are matters not to be ex-
cepted to, still they should admonish us to place
our country in a condition in which it could be
defended in the event the present difficulties be-
tween the two nations should lead to hostilities.
I listened with great attention to the Senator
fiom New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] while he
was pointing out to the Senate the extreme weak-
ness of our naval force, and showing the superi-
ority of the French in this respect. The conclu-
sion to which his argument led me was, that the
disparity was too great, and that this unequahty,
which might operate so prejudicially to us, ought
not to be permitted longer to remain.
Gentlemen tell us that there is no danger of
war between the two nations. This may be true
—I hope it is so, but what that Government may
do which owes a just debt, has the money in her
coffirs, and refuses to pay it until the creditor
Government shall conn forward and ask pardon
tor hav ing insisted on the pnvmont in the lan-
guage of truth and justice, I will not undertake
to di termine, and further, when this icfusal to
pay a just debt is attempted to bo justified by an
assertion of the nght on the part of the French
Government to interfere in our domestic consult-
ations and dehtx rations, the best security we
have against war, in my humble opinion, is, that
the French Government is too far in the wrong.
There cannot be a civilized nation on earth, that
has an accurate knowledge of the history of this
misunderstanding between the two countries, but
will pronounce at once that the honor and justice
of the French nation both require that she should
comply w ith her honest engagements by the pay-
ment of the money, and that it cannot stand justi-
fied in withholding it, or attempting to substitute
a supposed affront or insult for actual payment.
When error and passion prevail, it is impossible
to say to what extremes they may hurry nations
as well as men. Certain it is, that if French
honor requires the explanation which has been
demanded, it will not be satisfied with retaining
the $5,000,000 which that nation owes us. I will
not think so meanly of them as to suppose that
they will take the money as an equivalent for
their honor, and intend to put up with what they
may consider an insult, because they can with-
hold the payment. On the contrary, if they have
any right to demand an explanation at all, it will
not be satisfied by keeping the money, and would
be strengthened by its paymenti Indeed it is
surprising that the Ministry of France, on the
admission that they were right as to the message,
did not perceive that it was incumbent on them,
as honorable men, fiist to pay their debt, and
then to ask an explanation. This is what men
of honor and honesty in private life would think
necessary; and unless they abandon the ground
assumed by them, they must continue to insist
on an explanation, even should the money be
paid, and may, with the same reason that they
make the demand, make war on us if it should be
refused.
If it be asked whether I would now, under ex-
isting circumstances, be willing to declare war
against France, I answer emphatically, I would
not. I am desirous that France should reconsider
the principle that she has assumed, and some of
the steps she has taken, and see whether the ex-
planations given by our Minister, Mr. Living-
ston, whether the disavowal which he made of
any intention on the part of the Executive of this
country to insult or menace that Government, all
which has received the sanction of the Chief
Magistrate of the United States, may not be
deemed satisfactory. Nay, further, I am willing
to wait until the last annual communication of
the President of the United States shall be seen
by the French Government. It contains a fair
and just exposition of the views entertained by
the Executive at the time of making the commu-
nication complained of. If the French Govern-
ment shall choose to consider that satisfactory, I
shall be gratified; for no man would deploie a
war between the two countries more than I
should. The French Government had no right
to take exception to the communication made to
Congress by the President in December, 1834.
The recommendation contained in the message
was not carried out by any action of Congress;
and until all the Departments of a Government,
whose consent is necessary for the consummation
of an act of an offensive character towards another
nation, concur in the act or declaration, it is not
the act of the nation, and cannot form a topic of
discussion between the two Powers. Until the
consent of all the Departments of this Government,
that is, the President and Congress, shall have
been given as to what shall be proposed by either,
it is a consultative proceeding, domestic in its
nature and character, and no foreign nation can
be permitted to interpose between them, and
check the freedom of their communications to
each   other      When   their consultations shall
eventuate in acts or declarations affecting the in-
terests of other nations, then, and not until then,
has any foreign nation, who may be affected by
it, a right to call for or demand explanations, or
make it, in any wise, a subject of diplomatic dis-
cussions. I would now ask gentlemen, if the
French Government shall remain in its present
enoneous position, and continue to insist on a
demand which is inadmissible, and which is
wholly inconsistent with our political institutions
and form of Government, whether that nation
shall enjoy all the beneficial effects guarantied to
it by the treaty of 1831, while not one of the stip-
ulations on its part has been complied with ' I
can only answer for myself, I will not consent
thus to degrade my country. After every reason-
able expectation shall have failed of the fulfillment
of the treaty on their part, I shall be in favor of
such measures as shall be best calculated to pre-
serve the honor, dignity, and independence of the
United States. What those measures should be
may, in the mean time, depend upon the course
of conduct which may be adopted by the French
Government.
I have now presented to the Senate my views
upon all the prominent subjects which have been
introduced into this discussion, and conclude by
expressing a most sincere hope that our nation
may not again be visited by the evils consequent
upon war, but war, with all its direful con-
sequences, is preferable to peace, if it can be
maintained only by national degradation, or by
a surrender of liberty and independence.
NATIONAL DEFENSE
SPEECH OF HON. JAS. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In Senate, February 1 and 2, 1836,
On Mr. Benton's resolutions, as modified by the
mover on the suggestion of Mr. Grundy, for
setting apart so much of the Surplus Revenue as
may be necessary for the defense and perma-
nent security of the country.
Mr. BUCHANAN said:
Mr. President- I am much better pleased with
the first resolution offered by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] since he has modified
it upon the suggestion of the Senator from Tt n-
nessee, [Mr. Grundy.] When individuals have
more money than they know how to expend,
they often squander it foolishly. The remark
applies, perhaps, with still greater foice to nations.
When our Treasury is overflowing, Congress,
who are but mere trustees for the people, ought
to be especially on their guard against wasteful
expenditures of the public money. The surplus
can be applied to some good, and useful purpose.
I am willing to grant all that may be necessaiy
for the public defense, but no more. I am, theie-
fore, pleased that the resolution has assumed Us
present form.
The true question involved in this discussion
is, on whom ought the responsibility to rest for
having adjourned on the 3d of March last without
providing foi the defense of the country' Theie
can be no doubt a fearful responsibility rests
somewhere. For my own part, I should have
been willing to leave the decision of the question
to our constituents. I am a man of peace, and
dislike the crimination and recrimination which
this discussion must necessarily produce. But it is
vain to regret what cannot now be avoided. The
friends of the Administration have been attacked;
and we must now defend ourselves. I deem it
necessary, therefore, to state the reasons why I
voted, on the 3d of Maich last, in favor of the
appropriation of $3,000,000 for the defense of
the country, and why I glory in that vote.
The language used by Senators in refeience to
this appropuation has been very strong. It has
been denounced as a violation of the Constitution.
It has been declared to be such a measure as
would not have received the suppoit of the minor-
ity, had they believed it could prevail, and that
they would be held íesponsible for it. It has
been stigmatized as most unusual—most aston-
ishing—most surprising.   And finally, to cap the
