62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
strongh recommend to the Chambers to make I
tin aporopiiitioii of twenty fiv e millions of frants,
the fu--t liwillment of which would Income due
on tht 2d of Fe'oiutr) following All, howcvir,
which tie speci h tontaini d m rilation to the
tieatv lsionipii-^d m the following sentence?
' I hue rNo orilned m\ Ministi rs to communi-
' catt to von tin tiia \ toncluded on the 4th of
* Juh,l5>31, bitwien nry Government and that
' of the United States of America. This arrange-
' ment puts an end to tht reciprocal claims of the
•  two countms " !Now-, sir, I am well aw are of
tht brevitv and non-committal characterof King's
spuches in Europe, I know the necessity which
e\ists then for circumspection and caution, but
linking every fair allowance for these considera-
tions, 1 ma\ at ltast saj , that the spetch does
not manifest an anxious desire to cam the treaty
into effict. What might the King have said,
what ought he to have said, what would he have
said had he ftlt this anxious desire5 It might all
have been embraced in a single additional sen-
tí nee, such as the following " The Congress of
the United States have already provided for the
admission of French wines into their ports upon
the terms of this treat} , and have voluntarily
rtduced their duties upon French silks, I must,
thtiofore, request v ou to grant me the means of
disilniging the first installment which will be-
comi due, under this treaty, on the 2d day of
Ftbiuary next." The King did not cven'ask
the Chambcis for themonty necessary to redeem
the faith of France In this respect, the debt
due to the United States is placed in striking con-
trast to the Greek loan. Immediately after the
two sentences of the speech which I have already
quoted, the King proceeds "You will likewise
' bo tailed to examine the treaty by which Punce
' Otho of Bav aria is called to the throne of Greece.
/ shall have to request from you the means of guar-
antying, in. union with my allies, a loan uhich is
indiipensablefor the establishment of the new Slate
founded by our cares and concurrence "
The establishment of the newr State founded by
our carts and concurrence' Russia, sir, has
made greater advances by her skill in diplomacy
than by her vast physical powi i. Unless I am
much mistaken, the crtation of this new Statt,
with Prince Otho as its King, will accomplish
the veiy object which it was the interest and
purpose of Fiance to defeat. It will, in the end,
v n tu ally conv ert Gri ece into a Russian prov nice
I could say much more on the subject, but I for-
bear. My present purpose is merely to present,
in a striking view, the difference between the
King's language in relation to our treaty, and
that treaty which placed the son of the King of
Bavaria on the thione of Greece.
Time passed away, and the 2d of February,
1833, the day when the first installment under the
treaty became due, arrived. It was to be paid
" into the hands of such person or persons as
shall be authorized by the Government of the
Lnited States to receive it " The money on that
day ought to have been ready at Pans But
strange, but most wonderful as it may appear,
although the Chambers had been in sc ssion from
the 19th of November until the 2d of February,
the King's Government had never evtn presmted
the treaty to the Chambers—had never evtn asked
them foi a grant of the money necessary to fulfill
its engagements. Well might Mr. Livingston
say, that they had never propeily appreciated the
importance of the subject.
The Government of the United States, know-
ing that the King in his speech had promised to
present the treaty to the Chambers,and knowing
that they had been in session since November,
might have taken means to demand the first in-
stallment at Parih on the 2d day of February.
Strictly speaking, it was their duty to do so,
acting as trustees for the claimmts, but tiny
did not diaw a bill of exchange at Washington
for the fust installment until five d>ys af r it
had become due at Par s. This bill was not
presented to tht Titnch Govemmtnt foi pay
ment unt 1 the 23d of March, 1833. Even at that
day, the French Mimstiy had not presi nt< d cither
the treaty or a bill to carry it into effect to the
Chambers. The faith of France was thus violated
by the neglect of the King's Government, long I
before any bill was presented Tho\ , and not
the Chambeis , are rt sponsible for this violation
It was tven impossible, for the Chambers to pre-
v ent it. H id this tn itv and bill been 1 ud before
them in time to h tve enabled them to redi em the
faith of France, the lo-yalty of the French charac-
ter would nevti havepeimitti d them to be guilty
of a positive violation of national honor. The
faith of the nation was forfeited before they were
called upon to act. The responsibility was volun-
tarily assumed by the King's Mimstcis The
Chambers aic clear of it. Besidi s, the Ministry
were all powerful with the Chimbéis dunngthat
session. They earned everything they urged
Even the bill providing the means ofguaranty-
ingthe Greek loan, became a law. Can it, then,
for a single moment, be believed, that, if a bill to
carry into effect our treaty—a treaty securing
such important advantages to France—had been
Íiresentcd at an early period of the session and
lad been pressed by the Mmistiy, they would
have failed in the attempt5 At all events, it was
their imperative duty to pursue this course. The
aspect of the political hoi izon in Europe was still
lowering There was still imminent danger of a
general war. Franco was still in a position to
make her dread any si nous misunderstanding
w ith the United States
After all this, on the 26th of March, the Duke
de Broghe, in a note to Mr Niles, our Chaige"
d'Affairts at Paris, stated, that it was " a source
' of regret, and, indeed, of astonishment, that the
' Government of the United States did not think
' moper to have an understanding with that of
' France, before taking this step." What step'
The demand of an honest debt, almost two
months after it had been due, under a solemn
treaty. Indeed, the Duke, judging from the tone
of his note, appears almost to have considered
the demand an insult. To make a positive en-
gagement to pay a fixed sum on a particular day,
and w hen that sum is demanded nearly two
months aftei, to express astonishment to the
en ditor, would, in private life, be considered
trifling and evasive
The excuse made by the French Ministry for
their conduct is altogether vain. Had they
dreaded the vote of the Chambers—had they been
afraid to appear before them with their treaty and
then bill, they would, and they ought to have
communicated their apprehensions to this Gov-
ernment, and ask it to suspend the demand of
the money, but they had never whispered such
a suspicion, after the exchange of the ratifications
of the treaty, and the first intimation of it on this
side of the Atlantic was accompanied by the
astounding fact that the French Government had
dishonored our bill. It is true that, before the
treaty was signed, they had expressed some ap-
piehensions to Mr Rives on this subject These,
it would seem, from their subsequent conduct,
vvtie merely diplomatic, and intended to produce
delay, because, fiom the date of the treaty, on
the 4th of July, 1831, until after our bill of ex-
change was dishonored in March, 1833, no inti-
mation of danger fiom that quarter was ever sug-
gtsted. These circumstances made a great noise
throughout Europe, and soon became the subject
of geneial remark.
On the 6th of April, 1833, a year and more
than two months after the exchange of the ratifi-
cations at Washington, the treaty and bill were
first presented to the French Chambers The ses-
sion closed on the 23th of April, without any
further action upon the subject. No attempt was
I made by the Ministry to pi ess it, and as the se s-
sion would terminate so soon,perhapsnaattempt
ought to have been made. But, as the new ses-
sion was to commence the day after the termina-
tion of the old, and to continue two months, a
favorable oppoi tunity was thuspres nted to urge
the passtigi of the law upon the Chambers Was
this dom ' No, sir The M'msuy still ern
turned to pursue the same coue-e They suffer d
the rema nder of the month of April to pa.^, the
month of May to pass, and not until the 11th of
June, only fifteen davs bcfoie the close Of the
session, did they again present the bill to carry
into effect the treaty. It w as referred to a com-
mittee, of which Mr Benjamin Delesseit was
the chaiiman     On the 18th of June he made a
report. This report contains a severe reprimand
of the French Government for not hav in°- pre-
smted the bill at an earliei period of the session,
and expresses the hope that the treaty may be'
communicated at the opening of the next ses-
sion If we are to judge of the opinion of the
Chamber from the tont and character of this íe-
port, instead of being hostile to the execution of
the treaty, had it been presented to them in pioper
time, they ftlt every disposition to regaid it in a
favorable light I shall lead the whole report:
it is very short, and is as follows:
"Gentlemen The committee charged by you
' to examine the bill relative to the treaty con-
' eluded on the 4th of July, 1831, between France
' and the United States, has demanded a number
'of documents and reports, which must be ex-
' ammed in order to obtain a complete knowledge
' of so important a transaction
"The committee was soon convinced that a
' conscientious examination of these papers would
' require much time, and that, at so advanced a
' period of the session, its labors would have no
' definitive result. It regrets that, from motives
' which trie Government only can explain, the
' bill was not presented earlier to the Chamber
' for discussion Itregrets this so much the more
' as it is conv inced of the importance of the treaty,
' which essentially interests our maritime com-
' merce, our agriculture, and our manufactures.
" Several chambers of commerce, particularly
' those of Paris and Lyons, have manifested an
' ardent desire that the business should be speed-
' lly terminated.
" The committee would be satisfied if, after a
' deeper study of the question, it could enlighten
' the Chamber with regard to the justice of the
' claims alleged by each of the parties to the
'treaty, and which form the basis of it; but as
' time does not allow a definitive report to be made
' on the subject, it considers itself as the organ
' of the Chamber, in expressing the wish that
' this treaty be communicated at the opening of
'the next session, and that its result may be
' such as to strengthen the bonds of friendship
' which must ever exist between two nations so
' long united by common interest and sympathy ''
Aftera careful review of this whole transaction,
I am convinced that the Government of France
never would have pursued such a course towards
us, had they entertained a just sense of our power,
and our willingness to exert it in behalf of our
injured fellow-citizens Had Russia or Austria
been her creditors, instead of ourselves, the debt
would have been paid when it became due, or at
the least, the Ministers of the King would have
exerted themselves in a far different manner,
to obtain the necessary appropriation from the
Chambers I am again constrained, however
reluctantly, to adopt the opinion which I had
formed at the moment. Our fierce political strife
in this country is not understood in Europe, and
least of all, perhaps, in France. During the
autumn of 1832, and the session of 1832-'3, it
w as believed abroad that we were on the very
eve of a revolution: that our glorious Union was
at the point of dissolution. I speak, sir, from
actual knowledge Whilst the advocates of des-
potism were looking forward, with eager hope,
to see the last free Republic blotted from the face
Of nations, the friends of freedom throughout the
World were disheartened, and dreaded the result
of our experiment. The storm did rage in this
country with the utmost violence. It is no
wonder that those friends of liberty, on the other
side of the Atlantic, who did not know how to
appreciate the recuperative energies of a free and
enlightened people, governed by Federal and
State institutions of their own choice, should
have been alarmed for the safety of the Republic.
For myself I can say that I never felt any serious
apprehension, y< t the tin ill of delight with which
I it < Liv d tht news of the. passige of the famous
compromise law of M ich, 18j3, can iwer bt-
eftVtd from my memory I did not t'aen stop • >
inquire into the natuie of its provisions It w- i¡>
enough for me to know that the Republic was
safe, not only in my own opinion, but in the
opinion of the woild                                                ,
Suppose, sir, that the President of the United
States, under similar circumstances, had withheld
