64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
24th Covg....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
« relv upon the assurances which M Serruner
' ha^ been instructed to offer, and v\ ill therefore
«await-with confidence the promised appeal to
' the new Chnmbtr
" The President, in desiring the undersigned to
« rtqmst that his sentiments on this subject may
' be made known to His Majesty's Government,
' has instructed him also to state his expectation
«that the King, seeing the great interests now m-
' volved in the subject, and the deep solicitude felt
'bv the people of the United States respecting it,
' will enable him, when presenting the subject to
' Congress, as his duty will require him to do at
' the opening of their next session, to announce
' at that time the result of that appeal, and of His
* M-yestv's efforts for its success."
Had this letter of Mr. McLane placed a differ-
ent construction upon the engagement of the
French Government from that which Mr. Ser-
runer intended to communicate, it was his duty
to make the necessary explanations without delay
He, in that case, would have done so instantly
It was a subject of too much importance to suffer
any misapprehension to exist concerning it for
a single moment.
Notwithstanding all which had passed, the
President, on the faith of these assurances of the
French Government, suffered Congress to adjourn
without presenting the subject to their view. This
rash, this violent man, instigated by his own good
feelings towards our ancient ally, and by his love
of peace, determines that he would try them once
more, that he would once more extend the olive
branch before presenting to Congress and the na-
tion a history of our wrongs. I confess I do not
approve of this policy. I think the time had then
arrived to manifest to France some sensibility on
our part on account of her delay in executing the
treaty. I believe that such a course would have
been dictated by sound policy.
What -were, the consequences of this new mani-
festation of the kindly feelings of the President
towards France> Was it properly appreciated
by the French Government' Was it received
in the same liberal and friendly spirit from which
it had proceeded > Let the sequel answer these
questions. I shall read you Mr. Livingston's
opinion on the subject. In a letter to Mr. For-
syth, under date of the 22d of November, 1834,
he thus expresses himself •
" I do not hope for any decision on our affairs
' before the middle of January. One motive for
' delay is an expectation that the message of the
' President may arrive before the discussion, and
' that it may contain something to show a strong
' national feeling on the subject. This u not mere
' conjecture; I know the fact; and I repeat now,
from a full knowledge of the case, what I have
' more than once stated in my former dispatches
* as my firm persuasion, that the moderate tone
' taken by our Government when the rejection
' was first known,   as attributed by some to m-
' difference, or to a conviction on the part of the
' President that he would not be supported in
' any strong measure by the people, and by
' others to a consciousness that the convention
' had given us more than we were entitled to
•ask."
I shall now proceed to show in what manner
the French Government performed the engage-
ment which had been made by their representa-
tive in Washington, to hasten the presentation
of the rejected law as much as possible.
The Chambers met on the 31st of July, and
the King made them a speech. This speech
contains no allusion to the subject of the treaty
except the following- "The laws necessary for
' carrying treaties into effect, and those still re-
*  quired for the accomplishment of the promises
' of the Chamber, will be again presented to you
' in the course oí this session. The rejected
bill was not presented. After a session of two
weeks, the Chambers were prorogued on the
16th of August until the 29th of December—a
day almost a month after the next meeting of
Congress.
I admit that strong reasons existed for dispens-
ing with that part of the obligation which required
the Fiench Government to present the bill at this
short session. No good reason has ever been
alleged or can be alleged to excuse them for pro-
roguing the Chambers until so late a day as the
29th ot Decembtr. They might have met, and
they ought to ha\e met, at an early period of the
autumn Thev have heretofore met, on different
occasions, for the dispatch of business, in every
month of the yiar. It was in vain that Mr Liv -
ingston urged tht necessity of an earlier meeting
on the Count de Rigny. It was in vain that he
appealed to the positive engagement of the French
Government made by Mr Serruner. It was in
vain that he declared to him, " that the President
' could not, at the opening of the next session of
' Congress, avoid laying before that body a state-
' ment of the then position of affairs on this ínter-
' esting subject, nor, under any circumstances,
' permit that session to end, as it must, on the 3d
' of March, without recommending such meas-
' ures as he may deem that justice and the honor
' of the country may require." All his remon-
strances were disregarded. Instead of hastening
the presentation of the rejected law as much as
possible, they refused to assemble the Chambers
in time even to present the bill before the meeting
of Congress Their meeting was so long delayed,
as to render it almost impossible that their determ-
ination should be known in this country before
the close of the session, notwithstanding the
President had agreed not to present the subject
to Congress at the previous session, under a firm
conviction that he would receive this determina-
tion in time to lay it before them at the commence-
ment of their next session. Is there a Senator
in this Hall who can believe for a moment that
if the President had been informed the rejected
bill would not be laid before the Chambeis until
the 29th of December, he would have refrained
from communicating to Congress, at their pre-
vious session, the state of the controversy between
the two countries' Upon this construction, the
engagement of the French Government was mere
words, without the slightest meaning; and the
national vessel which brought it in such solemn
form, might much better have remained at home.
What was the apology—what the pretext under
which the King's Government refused to assem-
ble the Chambers at an earlier period > It was,
that Mr. Serruner had made no engagement to
that effect, and that the intention which he had
expressed in behalf of his Government to do all
that the Constitution allows, to hasten, as much
as possible, the period of the new presentation
of the rejected law, meant no more than that this
was their disposition. The word " intention" is
thus changed into "disposition" by the Count
de Rigny, and the whole engagement which was
presented to the President in such an imposing
form, was thus converted into a mere unmeaning
profession of their desire to hasten this presenta-
tion as much as possible.
Sir, at the commencement of the session of
Congress, it became the duty of the President to
speak, and what could any American expect that
he would say > The treaty had been violated in
the first instance by the Ministers of the French
King, in neglecting to lay it before the Chambers
until after the first installment was due. It was
then twice submitted at so late a period of the
session, that it was impossible for the Chambers
to examine and decide the question before their
adjournment. On the last of these occasions, the
chairman of the committee to which the subject
was referred had reported a severe reprimand
against the Government for not having sooner
presented the bill, and expressed a hope that it
might be presented at an early period of the next
session. It was then rejected by the Chamber
of Deputies; and when the French Government
had solemnly engaged to hasten the presentation
of the rejected law as soon as their constitution-
would permit, they prorogue the Chambers tor
the latest period which custom sanctions, in the
very face of the remonstrances of the Minister
of the United States I ask again, sir, before
such an array of circumstances, what coukl any
man, what could any American expect the Pres-
ident would say in his message' The cup of
forbearance had been drained by him to the very
dregs. It was then his duty to speak so as to
be heard and to be regarded on the other side of
the Atlantic. If the same spirit which dictated
the message, or anything like it, had been mani-
fested by Congress, the money, in my opinion,
would, ere this, have been paid
The question was then reduced to a single
point We demanded the execution of a solemn
treaty, it had been refused France had prom-
ised again to bring the question before the Cham-
bers as soon as possible. The Chambers were
prorogued until the latest day The President
had every reason to believe that France was tri-
fling with us, and that the treaty would again be
rejected. Is there a Senator within the sound
of my voice, who, if France had finally determ-
ined not to pay the money, would have tamely
submitted to this violation of national faith ' Not
one'
The late war with Great Britain elevated us in
the estimation of the whole world. In every
portion of Europe we have reason to be proud
that we are American citizens We have paid
dearly for the exalted character we now enjoy
among the nations, and we ought to preserve it,
and transmit it unimpaired to future generations
To them it will be a most precious inheritance.
If, after having compelled the weaker nations
of the world to pay us indemnities for captures
made from our citizens, we should cower before
the power of France, and abandon our rights
against her when they had been secured by a
solemn treaty, we should be regarded as a mere
Hector among the nations. The same course
which you have pursued towards the weak, you
must pursue towards the powerful. If you do
not, your name will become a by-word and a
proverb.
But under all the provocations which the coun-
try had received, what is the character of that
message' Let it be scanned with eagle eyes, and
there is nothing in its language at whi  i the most
fastidious critic can take offense. It contains an
enumeration of our wrongs in mild and dignified
language, and a contingent recommendation of
reprisals, in case the indemnity should again be
rejected by the Chambers. But in this, and in
all other respects, it defers entirely to the judg-
ment of Congress. Every idea of an intended
menace is excluded by the President's express
declaration. He says- "Such a measure ought
'not to be considered by France as a menace.
' Her pride and power are too well known to
'expect anything from her fears, and preclude
'the necessity of the declaration, that nothing
1 partaking of the character of intimidation is m-
' tended by us."
I ask again, is it not forbearing in its language *
Is there a single statement in it not founded upon
truth' Does it even state the whole truth against
France> Are there not strong points omitted'
All these questions must be answered in the
affirmative. On this subject, we have strong
evidence from the Duke de Broglie himself. In
his famous letter to Mr. Pageot of June 17,1835—
the arrow of the Parthian as he flew—this fact is
admitted.    He says:
" If we examine in detail the message of the
President of the United States, (I mean that part
of it which concerns the relations between the
United States and France,) it will possibly be
found, that passing successively from phrase to
phrase, none will be met that cannot bear an in-
terpretation more orless plausible,nor of which,
strictly speaking, it cannot be said that it is a sim-
ple exposé of such a fact, true in itself, or the
assertion of such or such a right which no one
contests, or the performance of such or such an
obligation imposed on the President by the very
nature of his functions. There will certainly be
found several in which the idea of impeaching
the good faith of the French Government, or of
acting upon it through menace or intimidation,
is more or less disavowed."
It was the whole message, and not any of the
detached parts, at which the French Government
chose to take offense.
It is not my present purpose to discuss the
propriety of the recommendation of repnsols, or
whether that was the best mode of redress w hich
could have been suggested. Some decided recom-
mendation, however, was requned from the Ex-
ecutive, both by public opinion and by the wrongs
which we had so long patiently endured.
Who can suppose that the Executive intended
