66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1;
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
at the present session, has distinctly placed it
upon this cround Other Senators have done so
in the strongest terms Is there anything in the
Constitution a  huh touches the question' It
simplv declares that " no money shall be drawn
from the Treisur\ but in constquence of appro-
priations made b\ law " "\V hither these appio-
pnations shall be general or specific is left entirely,
as it oueht to have been, to the discretion ot Con-
gress I admit that, ex vi termini, an appropria-
tion of money must have a reference to some
object. But whether you refer to a class, or to
an individual, to thesrenusor to the species, your
appropriation is equally constitutional. The de-
gree ol specification necessary to make the law
valid ne\er can become a constitutional question.
The terms of the instrument are as broad and as
feneral as the English language can make them,
n this particular, as in almost every other, the
framers of the Constitution have manifested their
wisdom and their foresight. Cases may occur
and have occurred in the history of this Govern-
ment, demanding the strictest secrecy—cases in
which to specify would be to defeat the very
object of the appropriation. A remarkable ex-
ample of this kind occurs in the administration
of Mr. Jefferson, to v^hich I shall presently ad-
vert.
There are other cases in which from the very
nature of things you cannot specify the objects
of an appropriation without the gift of prophecy.
I take the present to be a clear case of this de-
scription. The appropriation was contingent; it
was to be for the defense of the country. How
then could it have been specific' How could
you foresee when, or where, or how the attack
of France would be made' Without this fore-
knowledge, you could not designate when, or
where, it would become necessary to use the
money. This must depend upon France, not
upon ourselves. She might be disposed to confine
the contest merely to a naval war. In that event
it would become necessary to apply the whole
sum to secure us against naval attacks. She
might threaten to invade Louisiana or any other
portion of the Union. The money would then
be required to call out the militia, and to march
them and the regular Army to that point. Every-
thing must depend upon the movements of the
enemy. It might become necessary, in order
most effectually to resist the contemplated attack,
to construct steam frigates or steam batteries, or
it might be deemed more proper to increase your
ordinary Navy and complete and arm your fortifi-
cations. In a country where Congress cannot be
always in session, you must in times of danger,
grant some discretionary powers to the Executive.
This should always be avoided when it is possi-
ble consistently with the safety of the country.
But it was wise, it was prudent in the framers of
the Constitution, in order to meet such cases, to
declare in general terms that " no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of
appropriations made by law." Not specific ap-
propriations. The terms are general and unre-
stricted. If the amendment had appropriated
fl,000,000 to fortifications, the second million to
the increase of the Navy, and the third to the
purchase of ordnance and arms, it might have
been found that a great deal too much had been
appropriated to one object, and a great deal too
little to another.
As a matter of expediency, as a means of limit-
ing the discretion of executive officers, I am de-
cidedly friendly to specific appropriations, when-
ever they can be made. I so declared in the
debate at the last session I then expressed a
wish that this appropriation had been more spe-
cific; but upon reflection, I do not see how it could
have been made much more so, unless we had
possessed the gift of piophecy. But the Constitu-
tion has nothing to do with the question.
After all, I attached more value to specific ap-
propriations before I had examined this subject,
than I do at the present moment Still I admit
their importance. The clause which immediately
follows in the Constitution is the true touchstone
of responsibility. Although the appropriation
may be general, yet "a regular statement and ac-
count of the receipts and expenditures of all pub-
lic money shall be published from time to time."
No matter in what language public money may
be granted to the Executive, in its expenditure he
is but the mere trustee of the American people,
and he must produce to them his vouchers for
every cent intrusted to his care. This constitu-
tional provision holds him to a strict responsibil-
ity—to a responsibility much more severe than if
Congress had been required in all cases to make
specific appropriations.
How Senators can create a dictator, and give
him unlimited power over the purse and the sword
out of such an appropriation, I am at a loss to
conceive. It is a flight of imagination beyond my
reach. What, sir, to appropriate $3,000,000
for the military and naval defense of the country,
in case it should become necessary during the re-
cess of Congress, and at its next meeting to com-
pel the President to account for the whole sum he
may have expended, is this to create a dictator'
Is this to surrender our liberties into the hands of
one man' And yet gentlemen have contended
for this proposition.
What has been the practice of the Government
in regard to this subject' During the period of
our two first Presidents appropriations were made
in the most general terms. No one then imagined
that this was a violation of the Constitution.
When Mr Jefferson came into power, this prac-
tice was changed. In his message to Congress
of December 8, 1801, he says- "In our care,
' too, of the public contributions intrusted to our
' discretion, it would be prudent to multiply bar-
' ners against their dissipation, by appropriating
' specific sums to every specific purpose sttscept-
' ible ofdefinition.'' Susceptible of definition. Here
is the rule, and here is the exception. He treats
the subject not as a constitutional question, but
as one of mere expediency. In little more than
two short years after this recommendation, Mr.
Jefferson found it was necessary to obtain an
appropriation from Congress in the most general
terms. To have made it specific would neces-
sarily have defeated its very object Secrecy was
necessary to success. Accordingly on the 26th
February, 1803, Congress made the most ex-
traordinary appropriation in our annals. They
granted to the President the sum of $2,000,000
" for the purpose of defraying any extraordinary
' expenses which may be incuned in the ínter-
' course between the United States and foreign
' nations." Here, sir, was a grant almost with-
out any limit. It was coextensive with the whole
world. Every nation on the face of the earth
was within the sphere of its operation. The
President might have used this money to sub-
sidize foreign nations to destroy our liberties.
That he was utterly incapable of such conduct
it is scarcely necessary to observe. I do not know
that I should have voted for such an unlimited
grant. Still, however, there was a responsibility
to be found in his obligation under the Constitu-
tion to account for its expenditure. Mr. Jeffer-
son never used any part of this appropriation.
It had been intended for the purchase of the sov-
ereignty of New Orleans and of other posses-
sions in that quarter; but our treaty with France
of the 30th April, 1803, by which Louisiana was
ceded to us, rendered it unnecessary for him to
draw any part of this money from the Treasury,
under the act of Congress by which it had been
granted.
Before the close of Mr. Jefferson's second
term, it was found that specific appropriations in
the extent to v hich they had been carried, had
become inconvenient. Congress often granted
too much for one object, and too little for another.
This must necessarily be the case, because we
cannot say beforehand precisely how much shall
be required for any one purpose. On the 3d of
March, 1809, an act was passed, which was ap-
proved by Mr. Jefferson, containing the follow-
ing provision:
" Provided, nevertheless, Th t, during the recess of Con-
gress, the President of the United States may, and he is
herebv authonzed, on the application of the Secretary of
the proper Department, and not otherwise, to direct, if in
his opinion necessary for the public service, that a portion
of the moneys appropnated for a particular branch ol ex-
penditure in that Department, be applied to another of ex-
penditure in the same Department, in which case, a special
account of the moneys thus transferred, and of their appli-
cation, shall be laid before Congress during the first week
of their next ensuing íession "
Is this act constitutional' If it be so, there is
an end of the question Has its constitutionality
ever been doubted' It authorizes the President
to take the money appropriated by Congress for
one specific object and apply it to another. The
money distined for any one purpose by an ap-
propriation bill may be diverted from that pur-
pose by the President, and be applied to any
other purpose entirely different, with no limita-
tion whatever upon his discretion, except that
money to be expended by one of the Depart-
ments, either of War, oi of the Navy, or of the
Treasury, could not be transferred to another
Department.
It is not my intention to cite all the precedents
bearing upon this question. I shall merely advert
to one other. On the 10th of March, 1812, Con-
gress appropriated $500,000 "for the purpose of
fortifying and defending the maritime frontier of
the United States." This was in anticipation of
the late war with Great Britain, and is as general
in its terms, and leaves as much to Executive
discretion, as the proposed appropriation of
$3,000,000.
I trust, then, that I have established the posi-
tion that this appiopriation originated from a
legitimate source—was necessary for the defense
and honor of the country, and violated no pro-
vision of the Constitution If so, it ought to
have received the approbation of the Senate.
When the fortification bill came back to the
Senate, with this appropriation attached to it by
the House, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] instantly moved that it should be
rejected. I feel no disposition to make any harsh
observations in relation to that gentleman. I
think, however, that his remark, that if the enemy
had been thundering at the gates of the Capitol,
he would have moved to rrjectthe appropriation,
was a most unfortunate one for himself. I con-
sider it nothing more than a bold figure of speech.
I feel the most perfect confidence that the gentle-
man is now willing to vote all the money which
may be necessary for the defense of the country.
Of the gentleman's sincerity in opposing this
appropriation, I did not then, nor do I now, enter-
tain a doubt. He was ardent and impassioned in
his manner, and was evidently in a state of highly
excited feeling. Probably strong political pieju-
dices may have influenced his judgment, without
his knowledge. He thought that a high consti-
tutional question was involved in the amendment,
and acted accordingly.
When the bill returned again to the Senate,
after we had rejected, and the House had insisted
upon their amendment, the Senator immediately
moved that we should adhere to our rejection. I
well recollect, sir, that you [Mr. King, of Ala-
bama, was in the chair] remarked at the time,
that this was a harsh motion, and should it pre-
vail, would be well calculated to exasperate the
feelings of the House and to defeat the bill. You
then observed that the proper motion w ould be
to insist upon our rejection, and ask a confer-
ence; and that the motion to adhere ought not to
be resorted to until all gentler measures had
failed.
The Senator now claims the merit, and is
anxious to sustain the responsibility, of having
moved to reject this appropriation. He also asks
in mercy, that when the expunging process shall
commence, his vote, upon this occasion, may be
spared from its operation.
For the sake of my country, and in undisguised
sincerity of purpose, I declare, for the sake of the
gentleman, I am rejoiced that the responsibility
which he covets will, probably not be so dread-
ful as we had just reason to apprehend Had
France attacked us, or should she yet attack us,
in our present defenseless condition; should our
cities be exposed to pillage, or the blood of our
citizens be shed, either upon the land or the ocean;
should our national character be dishonored, tre-
mendous, indeed, would be the responsibility of
the gentleman. In the event, he need not beseech
us to spare his vote from the process of expung-
ing. You might as well attempt to expunge a
sunbeam. That vote will live forever in the mem-
ory of the American people.
I It was the vote of the Senate which gave the
I mortal blow to the fortification bill.   Had they
