68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Buchanan.
Se
NATE.
the contingency of reprisals having been sanc-
tioned by Congress. ,,.„..„,.        ,
The debate upon the bill in the Chamber of
Deputies commenced on the 9th of April, and
terminated on the 18th. On that day, General
Valazé proposed his amendment, declaring that
" the payments in execution of the present law
'cannot be made until after the French Govern-
« ment shall have received satisfactory cxplana-
< tions with regard to the message of the Presi-
' dent of the United States, dated the 2d December,
«1834."                                                                 |
The Duke de Broglie, the Minister of Foreign '
Affairs, accepted this amendment I shall read |
his remarks on this occasion. He says : " The
' intention of the Government has always been
* conformable with the desire expressed by the
'author of the amendment which is now before
'the Chamber, (great agitation;) the Government
« has always meant that diplomatic relations should
'not be renewed with the Government of the
' United States until it had received satisfactory
' explanations. The Government, therefore, does
'not repulse the amendment itself." After this,
on the same day, the bill passed the Chamber by
a vote of 289 to 137.
Well might the Chamber be agitated at such
*n annunciation from the Minister of Foreign
Affairs. Why this sudden change in the policy
of the French Government? The answer is plain.
Congress had adjourned on the 4th of March,
without manifesting by their actions any disposi-
tion to make the fulfillment of the treaty a serious
question. "Whilst our Treasury was overflowing,
they had refused to make any provision for the
defense of the country. They had left the whole
coastof the United States, from Maine to Georgia,
in a defenseless condition. The effect upon the
French Chamber and the French people was such
as might have been anticipated. To prove this,
I shall read an extract from a speech delivered by-
Mr. Bignon, one of the Deputies, on the 10th
April. I select this from many others, because
it contains nothing which can be offensive to any
Senator. It will be recollected that Mr. Bignon
is the gentleman who had been more instrumental
in defeating the bill at the previous session than
any other member :
"President Jackson's message has astonished
'them (the Americans) as well as us; they have
' seen themselves thrown by itinto a very hazard-
4 ous situation. What have they done ? They are
* too circumspect and clear-headed to express, by
' an ofiicial determination, their disapproval of an
' act which, in reality, has not received their as-
* sent.   Some of them, for instance Mr. Adams,
* in the House of Representatives, may indeed,
' from a politic patriotism, have even eulogized
* the President's energy, and obtained from the
' Chamber the expression that the treaty of 1831
* must be complied with; but at a preceding sit-
* ting the same member took pains to declare that
* he was not the defender of a system of war; he
* proclaimed aloud that the resolution adopted by
' the Senate was an expedient suggested by pru-
' dence, and he thought the House of Represent-
* atives should pursue the same course. Gentle-
' men, the American Legislature had to resort to
* expedients to get out of the embarrassing dilem-
' ma in which the President's message had placed
' them; and they acted wisely."
From the conduct of Congress, the French
Chambers were under the impression that the
people of the United States would not adopt any
energetic measures to compel the fulfillment of
the treaty. They had no idea that the nation
would sustain the President in his efforts. They
had reason to believe that he was left almost
alone. They appear ever since to have acted
under this delusion. According to the impression
of Mr. Bignon, the nation was astounded at Pres-
ident Jackson's message. This is the true rea-
son why the Ministry accepted the amendment
requiring President Jackson to make an explan-
ation.
The best mode of obtaining justice from the
powerful as well as from the weak—the best
mode of elevating this nation to the lofty posi-
tion she is destined to occupy among the nations
of the earth—the best mode of preventing war
and preserving peace, is to stand up firmly for
our rights. The assertion of these rights, not
by threats, but boldly, manfully, and frankly, is
the surest method of obtaining justice and re-
spect from other nations.
At so early a day as the 29th of January, Mr.
Livingston had addressed a note to the Duke de
Broglie, distinctly disavowing an intention, on
the part of the President, by his message, to in-
timidate France, or to charge the French Gov-
ernment with bad faith. On the 25th of April, in
another letter to the Duke, he communicated to
him the President's ofiicial approbation of his
former note. In this last letter, he reiterates his
explanations, and assures the Duke, that whilst
the President intended to use no menace, nor to
charge any breach of faith against the King's
Government, he never could and never would
make an explanation of his message, on the de-
mand of a foreign Government. This letter
would, of itself, be sufficient to give its author a
high rank, not only among the diplomatists, but
the statesmen of his country. The sentiments
it contains were unanimously approved by the
American people. Although it was received by
the Duke before the bill had been acted upon by
the Chamber of Peers, it produced no effect
upon the French Ministry. The bill was finally
passed, and obtained the sanction of the King,
in a form requiring the President to explain his
message before the money could be paid.
This state of facts distinctly raises the import-
ant question, whether a President of the United
States can be questioned by a foreign Government
for anything contained in a message to Congress ?
The principle that he cannot has already been
firmly established by the practice of our Govern-
ment. Even in our intercourse with France, in
former times, the question has been settled.
This principle results from the very nature of
our institutions. It must ever be maintained in-
violate. Reverse it, and you destroy the inde-
pendent existence of this Republic, so far as its
intercourse with foreign nations is concerned.
The Constitution requires that the President
of the United States " shall, from time to time,
' give to the Congress information of the state of
' the Union, and recommend to their consideration
' such measures as he shall judge necessary and
•expedient." This information is intended not
only for the use of Congress, but of the people.
They are the source of all power, and from their
impulse all legitimate legislation must proceed.
Both Congress and the people must be informed
of the state of our foreign relations by the Ex-
ecutive. If the President cannot speak freely to
them upon this subject; if he cannot give them
all the information which may be necessary to
enable them to act, except under the penalty of
offending a foreign Government, the Constitution
of the United States, to this extent, becomes a
dead letter. The maintenance of this principle
is an indispensable condition of our existence,
under the present form of Government.
If we are engaged in any controversy with a
foreign nation, it is not only the right, but it is
the imperative duty of the President to commu-
nicate the facts to Congress, however much they
may operate against that nation. Can we, then,
for a single moment, permit a foreign Govern-
ment to demand an apology from the President
for performing one of his highest duties to the
people of the United States ?
Let us put an extreme case. Suppose the Pres-
ident, after giving a history of our wrongs to
Congress, recommends not merely a resort to re-
prisals, but to war against another nation. Shall
this nation, which has inflicted upon us injury
after injury, be permitted to change her position,
to cancel all our claims for justice, and to insist
that we have become the aggressors, because a
resort to arms has been recommended? I feel the
most perfect confidence that not a single Senator
will ever consent to yield this position to France
or to any other nation. I need not labor this
question. The subject has been placed in the
clearest and strongest light by Mr. Livingston,
in his letter to the Duke de Broglie of the 25th
of April.
If any possible exception to the rule could be
tolerated, surely this would not present the case. I
The Duke de Broglie himself, in his letter to Mr. i
Pageot, is constrained to admit that there is not
a single offensive sentence respecting France in
the message; but yet he complains of the general
effect of the whole.
With a full knowledge, then, that the Pitsident
could not, would not, dare not explain hiv message,
on the demand of any foreia^i Go-veri'iivnt, the
Duke de Broglie addrcss"S his famous letter to
the Charge d'Affaires of France, at Washington.
It bears date at Paris, on the 17th June, 1S3Ó.
Before I proceed to make any remarks upon this
letter, I wish to bring its character distinctly into
the view of the Senate. It commences by declar-
ing, in opposition to the principle that the Presi-
dent of the United States cannot be called upon
by a foreign Government to make explanations
of a message to Congress; that, "by \irtue of a
' clause inserted in the article first, by the Cham-
' ber of Deputies, the French Government must
' defer making the payments agreed upon, until
' that of the United States shall have explained the
' true meaning and real purport of diverse passages
' inserted by the President of the Union in his mes-
' sage at the opening of the last session of Congress,
'and at which all France, at the first aspect, was
' justly offended."
It proceeds still further, and announces that,
"the Government having discovered nothing in
' that clause at variance with its own sentiments,
' or the course it had intended to pursue, the pro-
' ject of law thus amended on the 18th of April,
'by the Chamber of Deputies, was carried, on the
'27th, to the Chamber of Peers."
The Duke, after having thus distinctly stated
that an explanation of the message was required
as a condition of the payment of the money, and
after presenting a historical sketch of the contro-
versy, then controverts, at considerable length,
the position which has been maintained by Mr.
Livingston, that the President could not be ques-
tioned by a foreign Government for anything
contained in a message to Congress. He after-
wards asserts, in the broadest terms, that the ex-
planations which had been voluntarily made by
Mr. Livingston, and sanctioned by the President,
were not sufficient.
In suggesting what would satisfy France, he
says, " we do not here contend aboutthis or that
' phrase, this or that allegation, this or that ex-
' pression; we contend about the intention itself,
'which has dictated that part of the message."
And, again, speaking of Mr. Livingston's letters
of the 29th January, and 25th April, he adds:
" You will easily conceive, sir, and the Cabi-
' net of Washington will, we think, understand
'it also, that such phrases incidentally inserted
' in documents, the purport and tenor of which
' are purely polemical, surrounded, in some meas-
' ure, by details of a controversy which is be-
' sides not always free from bitterness, cannot
' dispel sufficiently the impression produced by
' the perusal of the message, nor strike the mind
' as would the same idea expressed in the term single,
'positive, direct, and unaccompanied by any recrim-
' ination concerning facts or incidents no longer of
' any importance. Such is the motive which, among
' man y others, has placed the French Government
' in the impossibility of acceding to the wish ex-
' pressed by Mr. Livingston towards the conclu-
' sion of his note of the 29th of April by declaring
' (to the Chamber of Peers, probably) that pre-
' vious explanations given by the Minister of the
' United States, and subsequently approved by
' the President, had satisfied it."
After having thus announced the kind of expla-
nation which would be expected, he states, that
the French Government, " in pausing then for the
' present, and waiting for the fulfillment of those
•engagements to be claimed, (the engagement of
* the treaty,) and expecting those to be claimed t 
'terms consistent with the regard due to it, it is not
'afraid of being accused—nor France, which it
' represents—or being accused of appreciating
1 national honor by any number of millions which
' it could withhold as a compensation for any
'injury offered to it." The letter concludes by
authorizing Mr. Pageot to read it to Mr. For-
syth, and if he be desirous, to let him take a copy
of it.
It is impossible to peruse this letter, able ana
ingenious as it is, without at once perceiving that
