1886.1
Aí¥£NÍ>tX tú tBÉ Ódl^íiESStoNAL €¿LÓ6E.
.69.
94t  Cono....] st Sess.
National Dtfenst—Mr. Éuckanan.
'Senate.
it asks what the President can never grant with-
out violating the principle, that France has no
right to demand an explanation of his message.
On the 11th of September, Mr. Pageot, the
French Charge- d'Affaires, called at the Depart-
ment of State, and read this dispatch to Mr. For-
syth. The latter did not think proper to ask a
copy of it; and for this he has been loudly con-
demned. In my judgment, his conduct was per-
fectly correct.
No objection can be made to this indirect mode
of communication with the Government of the
United States adopted by the Duke. It is sanc-
tioned by diplomatic usage. The rule*, however,
which govern it, are clearly dedueible from its
very nature. It is a mere diplomatic feeler thrown
out to ascertain the views of another Govern-
ment. The Duke himself justly observes, that
its object is " to avoid the irritation which might
involuntarily arise from an exchange of contra-
dictory notes in a direct controversy."
Had Mr. Forsyth asked and received a copy
of this dispatch, he must have given it an answer.
Respect for the source from which it proceeded
would have demanded this at his hand. If this
answer could have been nothing but a direct re-
fusal to comply with the suggestion of the French
Government, then he was correct in not request-
ing leave to take a copy of it. Why was this the
ease? Because it would have added to the diffi-
culties of the question already sufficiently numer-
ous, and would have involved him in a direct con-
troversy, which it is the very object of this mode
of communication to prevent. This is the reason
why it was left, by the dispatch itself, within his
own option whether to request a copy or not, and
his refusal to make this request ought to have given
no offense to the French Government.
Now, sir, what answer could he have given to
this communication, but a direct refusal? Had
not the Duke been fully apprised before he wrote
this dispatch, that it could receive no other an-
swer? It required explanations as a condition of
the payment of the money, which he had been in-
formed the President could never make. On this
ground, then, and for the very purpose of avoiding
controversy, the conduct of Mr. Forsyth was cor-
rect.
But there is another reason to justify his con-
duet, which, I think, must carry conviction to
every mind. The President proposed, in his
annual message, voluntarily to declare, that he had
never intended to menace France, or to impeach
the faith of the French Government. This he
has since done in the strongest terms. As offense
was taken by the French Government at the lan-
guage of a former message, it was believed that
such a declaration in a subsequent message would
be, as it ought to be, entirely satisfactory to
France. Had Mr. Forsyth taken a copy of this
dispatch, and placed it among the archives of the
Government, how could the President hove made,
consistently with his principles, the disclaimer
which he has done ? Á demand for an explana-
tion would thus have been interposed by a foreign
Government, which would have compelled him
to remain silent. The refusal of Mr. Forsyth to
ask a copy of the dispatch, left the controversy
in its old condition-, and, so far as our Govern-
ment was concerned, left this letter from the
Duke de Broglie to Mr. Pageot as if it never had
been written. The President, therefore, remained
At perfect liberty to say what he thought proper
in his message.
If this letter had proposed any reasonable
term  of reconciling oi/r difficulties with France—
if it had laid any foundation ox which a rational
hope might have rested that it would become the
means of producing a result so desirable, it would
have been the duty of Mr. Forsyth to request a
sopy. Upon much reflection, however, I must
leclare that I cannot imagine what good could
aave resulted from it in any contingency; and it
.night have done much evil. Had it prevented
-he President from speaking as he has done in
(lis last message concerning France, it might have
•nvolved the country in a much more serious mis-
understanding with that Power than existed at
-he present moment.
1 should be glad to say no more of this dispatch,
if i could do so consistently with a sense of duty.
Mr. Pageot did not rest satisfied with Mr. For-
syth's omission to request a copy of it, as he
ought to have done. He deemed it proper to at-
tempt to force that upon him which the dispatch
itself had left entirely to his own discretion.
Accordingly, on the 1st of December last, he in-
closed to him a copy. On the 3d, Mr. Forsyth
returned it with a polite refusal. On the 5th, Mr.
Pageot again addressed Mr. Forsyth, and avowed
that his intention in communicating the docu-
ment, " was to make known the real disposition
* of my Government to the President of the Uni-
* ted States, and through him to Congress and the
' American people." Thus it is manifest, that his
purpose was to make the President the instrument
by which he might appeal to the American people
against the American Government. After he
had failed in this effort, what is his next resort ?
He publishes this dispatch to the people of the
United States through the medium of our public
journals. I now hold in my hand the number of
the Courrier des Etats Unis, of the 20th of Janu-
ary, a journal published in New York, which
contains the original dispatch in the French lan-
guage. In a subsequent number of the same
journal, of the 24th January, there is an editorial
article on the subject of the President's special
message to Congress, and of this dispatch, of a
part of which I snail give my own translation. It
is as follows:
" Our last number contained the dispatch of M.
«the Duke de Broglie to the Charge d'Affaires
' of France at Washington, concerning which the
' Senate had demanded such explanations as were
' in the power of the Executive. On the same
' day, the late message of the President of the
' United States, which had been expected with so
' much impatience and anxiety, arrived at New
* York. To this document are annexed many
' letters of the Duke de Broglie, of Mr. Forsyth,
* and of Mr. Pageot, which will be read with great
*  interest. We give a simple analysis of the least
' important, and an exact copy of those which hate
' been written originally in French.
" The publie attention was first occupied with
* this letter of the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
* which was known here some hours before the
4 message of the President of the United States;
* and if some journals of the Government have
' found this publication unseasonable, made 65 the
' Legation of Prance according to the orders which it
' had received, nobody, at least, has been able to
'deny the talent, the moderation, and the force
' of reasoning which have presided at its prcpa-
* ration."
By whom was the Legation of France ordered
to publish this dispatch? Who alone had the
power of issuing such an order? The French
Government. Against this positive language, I
can still scarcely believe that the Duke de Broglie
has given an order so highly reprehensible.
The publication of this dispatch was an out-
rage upon all diplomatic usage. It ought to have
been intended as the harbinger of peace, and not
of renewed controversy. From its very nature
it was secret and confidential. If not received, it
ought to have been as if it never had existed.
Upon any other principle, it would aggravate the
controversy which such communications are al-
ways intended to prevent. It has now been
diverted from its natural purpose by the French
Legation, and has been made the subject of an
appeal by France to the American people against
their own Government. It has thus greatly in-
creased the difficulties between the two countries.
It has proclaimed to the world that France re-
quires, from the President of the United States,
an apology of his message, as an indispensable
condition of the execution of ouf treaty. It has,
therefore, rendered it much rtiore difficult for her
to retract.
The true meaning of this dispatch i  now ren-
dered manifest to the most sceptical. The Duke
dé Broglie, in his interview with Mr. Barton, on
the 12th October last, has placed his own con-
struction upon it. The apology which he then
required from the President contains his own
commentary upon this dispatch. I need not read
the history of that interview to the Senate, to
prove that I am correct in this assertion. It must
be fresh in the recollection of every Senator.
Considered as an  appeal to  the American
f>eople against their own Government, the put>-
ication of this dispatch deserves still more se-
rious consideration. Foreign influence, in all
ages, has been the bane of republics. It has de-
stroyed nearly all of them which have ever ex-
isted. We ought to resist its approaches on
every occasion. In the very infancy of our ex-
istence as a nation, a similar attempt was made
by France. It was then repulsed as became a
nation of freemen. The present attempt will
have the same effect on the American people. It
will render them still more firm and still more
united in the cause of their country.
Of Mr. Barton's recall, I need say but little.
It was the direct consequence of the refusal of
France to execute the treaty, without an apology
from the President of his message.
Diplomatic relations between the two countries
had been first interrupted by France. On the
subject hear what the Count de Rigny said in his
exposé read, to the Chamber of Peers, on the 27th
April last, on presenting the bill for the execu-
tion of our treaty.    I give my Own translation:
" You know the measure which the Govern-
' ment of the King adopted at the very instant
' when the message, presented by the President
' of the Union at the opening of the last Con-
* gress, arrived iri Europe.  You know that, since
* that time, a similar measure has been adopted
' by President Jackson himself. The two Min-
'isters, accredited near the two Governments,
' are reciprocally recalled; the effect of this double
' recall is at this moment, if not to interrupt, in
*all respects, the diplomatic communications be-
'tween the two States, at ltást to interrupt them
' in what regards the treaty of the 4th July.   If
* these relations ought to be renewed—and we
'doubt not that they ought—it is not for us
•hereafter to take the initiative."
On the 5th of June, the President had officially
sanctioned the explanations which had bee*
"made to the French Government by Mr. Living-
ston, in his letter of the 25th of April, as he had
previously sanctioned those which had been
made by the same gentleman, in his note of the
29th of January. These were considered, by the
President, amply sufficient to satisfy the suscep-
tible feelings of France. In order to give them full
time to produce their effect, and to afford the
French Ministry an ample opportunity for reflec-
tion, he delayed sending any orders to demand the
money secured by the treaty, until the middle of
September. On the 14th of that month, Mr. Barton
was instructed to call upon the Duke de Broglie,
and request to be informed, what were the inten-
tions of the French Government in relation to the
payment of the money secured by the treaty. He
executed these instructions on the 20th of Octo-
ber. The special message has communicated to
us the result. " We will pay the money," says
the Duke de Broglie, " when the Government of
* the United States is ready, on its part, to declare to
' us, by addressing its claim to us officially in writing,
1 that it regrets the misunderstanding which hat
' arisen between the two countries; that this misun-
' derstanding is founded on a mistake; that it never
' entered into its intention to call in question the
'goodfaith of the French Government, nor to take
'a menacing attitude towards France;" and he
adds, "if the Government of the United States
' does not give this assurance, we shall be obliged to
' think that this misunderstanding i$ not the result
* of an error."
Is there any American so utterly lost to those
generous feelings, which love of country shoutd
inspire, as to purchase five millions with the loss
of national honor ? Who, for these or any num-
ber of millions, would see the venerable man,
now at the head of our Government, bowing at
the footstool of the throne of Louis Philippe, and,
like a child prepared to say its lesson, repeating
this degrading apology ? First, perish the five
millions!—perish a thousand times the amount!
The man whose bosom has been so often bared
in the defense of his country will never submit
to such degrading terms. His motto has always
been, death before dishonor.
Why then, it may be asked, have I expressed
a hope, a belief, that this unfortunate controversy
will be amicably terminated, when the two nation*
