70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
24th Cong.... 1st Skss.
National Defense—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
are now directly at issue? I will tell you why.
This has been called a mere question of etiquette;
and such it is, so far as France is concerned. She
has already received every explanation which the
most jealous susceptibility ought to demand.
These have been voluntarily tendered to her.
Since the date of the Duke de Broghe's letter
to Mr. Pageot, of the 17th June, we have re-
ceived from the President of the United States
his general message at the commencement of the
session, and his special message on French affairs.
Both these documents disclaim, in the strongest
terms, any intention to menace France, or to im-
pute bad faith to the French Government, by the
message of December, 1834. Viewing the sub-
ject in this light; considering that, at the inter-
view with Mr. Barton, the Duke could not have
anticipated what would be the tone of these docu-
ments, I now entertain a strong hope that the
French Government have already reconsidered
their determination. If a mediation has been pro-
posed and accepted, I cannot entertain a doubt as
to what will be the opinion of the mediator. He
ought to say to France, you have already re-
ceived all the explanations, and these have been
voluntarily accorded, which the United States can
make, without national degradation. With these
you ought to be satisfied. With you, it is amere
question of etiquette. All the disclaimers which
you ought to desire, have already been made by
the President of the United States. The only
question with you now is not one of substance,
but merely whether these explanations are in
proper form; but in regard to the United States
the question is far different. What is with you
mere etiquette, is a question of life and death to
them. Let the President of the United States
make the apology which you have dictated; let
him once admit the right of a foreign Govern-
ment to question his messages to Congress, and
to demand explanations of any language at which
they may choose to take offense, and their inde-
pendent existence as a Government, to that ex-
tent, is virtually destroyed.
We must remember that France may yield
with honor; tee never can without disgrace. Will
she yield? That is the question. 1 confess I
should have entertained a stronger belief that she
would, had she not published the Duke's letter
toM.Pageot as an appeal to the American people.
She must still believe that the people of this
country are divided in opinion in regard to the
firm maintenance of their rights. In this she will
find herself entirely mistaken. But should Con-
gress, at the present session, refuse to sustain the
Presidentbyadoptingmeasuresofdefense, should
the precedent of the last session be followed for i
the present year, then I shall entertain the most
gloomy forebodings. The Father of his Coun-
try has informed us that the best mode of pre-
serving peace is tobe prepared for war. I firmly
believe, therefore, that a unanimous vote of the
Senate in favor of the resolutions now before
them, to follow to Europe the acceptance of the
mediation, would, almost to a certainty, render
it successful. It would be an act of the soundest
policy as well as of the highest patriotism. It
would prove, not that we intend to menace France,
because such an attempt would be ridiculous, but
that the American people are unanimous in the
assertion of their rights, and have resolved to j
prepare for the worst A French fleet is now
hovering upon our coasts; and shall we sit still,
with an overflowing Treasury, and leave our
country defenseless? This will never be said
with truth of the American Congress.
If war should come, which God forbid; if
France should still persist in her effort to degrade
the American people in the person of their Chief
Magistrate, we may appeal to Heaven for the
justice of our cause, and look forward with con-
fidence to victory from that Being in whose hands
is the destiny of nations.
Wednesday, February 3, 1836.
Mr. MANGUM said, the debate on this resolu-
tion had taken a wide range. The impress of
its paternity was strongly marked upon it. The
proposition, as now modified, bore no very distinct
characteristic on its face.    It had lead to a discus-
sion of all our relations with France, and to an as-
sault upon the Senate. He would not be put to his
trial by any one of that body—the President of the j
United States—or by any other legislative body,
except by one of his own State. He would say,
coram nonjudice. He would not look to the House
at this, or to the White House at the other, end of
the avenue for motives to govern him. He was
satisfied with the vote he had given on the rejec-
tion of the $3,000,000 appropriation, and he be-
lieved those whom he in part represented were
satisfied. He took his ground that that appro-
priation was wholly unnecessary in the action of
the country. There was no executive recom-
mendation for it. At the opening of the last
session it was true that a fire-ball had been thrown
into the Chamber and rolled about among them.
In that proposition where was an echo found ?
In the Senate there was no division, and the action
of the House corresponded. What new things
had arisen? True, Mr. Barton had been recalled
before the rising of the last Congress. France
had reciprocated the language of the President
under a proper sense of honor, and had annexed
a condition to the terms of payment. As an I
humble American citizen he (Mr. M.) was op-
posed to any apology beyond what had already
been given. After the close of the session there
was not the slightest indication of war on the part
of France, and where was the necessity of an
appi opriation in the absence of it ? He was not
willing to charge the President with a dereliction
of duty in not recommending the appropriation.
He would not have shrunk from the performance
of it if the country had needed it. He was re-
markable for taking responsibility.
He came from a portion of country where they
pay a large proportion of the revenues, and he
would call upon any one to put his finger on the
act of his indicating a disposition to oppose the
action of the Government. But they were called
upon in the dark by one who was in the confidence
of the Administration to act. As far as that
gentleman was connected with another body, he
had his respect, but in such an important matter
he could not take him for authority, in this
body, said he, we had no knowledge of its being
desired by the President; and one of the most
honest and deserving of this body among the
friends of the Administration had voted against
it, and in doing so declared he had no knowledge
of its being desired by the President.
I charge, (said Mr. M.,) and if denied I be-
lieve I shall be able to prove it, that it was known
to some in this body, when votes were put; how-
ever, there was not a whisper that the Executive
wished it. A portion of the policy was not only
to embarrass an individual in this body, but to
throw odium on him. They saw a torch was
lighting up from the Potomac to the Balize, and
it was policy to suppress it. Not a man in this
city entertained the opinion that the Senate
would vote for it. Three millions, when the
fall elections were coming on, would have been
of great service. Suppose it had been granted,
we would have heard the clangor of arms before
this time. They had seen with what furious
haste a messenger was dispatched to reach that
humble representative of ours in France. The
discretion given in that appropriation was calcu-
lated to create a dictatorial power; it gave the
power to create collision. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] had inspired a feeling
calculated to arouse fearful forebodings; yet he
[Mr. B.] had not the slightest apprehensions of
war, but with great candor had told them, that
the proposition was put forward to try its merits
with another proposition. The arguments of
gentlemen in debate had become more and more
belligerent. They were not equaled since 1812. ,
The speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buchanan,] was wrought up to the highest
pitch. The speech of Mark Antony over the
dead body of Cassar was nothing compared to
it. The cares of the Government were distrib-
uted; one gentleman said, he takes care of the
Navy—another of the money, rag-money and
all—another of the public lands, and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan/) who
had some acquaintance with foreign relations, had |
charge of that subject.   These were but echoes i
of those higher in power. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, surpassing the eloquence of Mark
Antony in his eloquence, by putting tongues in
the dumb mouths, had started the very stones.
When rumor represents a mediation, (for we,
said he, are not permitted to know, except from
rumor,) and that mediation accepted, did the
honorable gentleman think the light in which he
presented the subject was calculated to hasten its
consummation ? Perhaps his speech was intended
for the Chief Magistrate to peruse for his amuse-
ment, and frank copies of it, to be sent abroad—
a privilege which rides (said he) with unbridled
domination. The lion was a noble animal; the
tiger one of fearful ferocity; and when war was
sounded, it was the tiger. The fox was a sly,
cunning little animal, remarkable for seeking a
protection in the crevices of the rocks It was
scheming mercenaries, who wished that immense
amount of money to be thrown into the commu-
nity, among an immense tribe of office-holders,
steamers, &c.
In the Army and Navy, war was their voca-
tion; the pride, pomp, and circumstance of war
was their favorite element.
This Senate had to be battled down. How
unequal the war ! It was not endowed with any
appointing or veto power except the check upon
executive nominations. The Executive must
be supposed, from the nature of his station, to be
supported by the people of this Republic. We
(said he) have nothing to rely upon but the
principles of virtue and patriotism. In addition
to the President's original popularity, was his
power of nomination, besides specific appropria-
I tions, which incited to a high activity the most
mercenary politicians. When that artillery was
brought to bear upon the Hall of the Senate of
the United States, it was more than it could bear.
We must (said he) fight in line, or else be de-
molished. There was a redeeming spirit in thia
body (the Senate) which made it a sort of polit-
ical breakwater, which must be made to tumble.
The war must be kept up, to enable gentlemen
to seize upon this $30,000,000 of revenue. But,
sir, (said Mr. M.,) let this body be put down,
and the Government becomes a centralized
power. Liberty had never been preserved in
any country where the central power was not
resisted. A show of the war with France (said
he) must be kept up until gentlemen can seize
upon the $30,000,000. Say they, it will require
an unusual degree of nerve to refuse the Ameri-
can people appropriations for defense. The
$30,000,000 must be pocketed; it will have a pro-
digious means of accelerating all our plans of
policy. When this power had put down the
Senate, it would be a day of tribulation. Thirty
millions would not only be convenient for present
purposes, but to carry out the future schemes of
that august body, the convention at Baltimore.
With the money and the domain (said he) what
may not bo done ? Certain plans of policy had
already been indicated for the disposition of the
surplus revenue. Mr. M. referred to the resolu-
tions upon that subject offered by Mr. Clay and
by Mr. Calhoun, and gave his preference to the
mode pointed out in them of disposing of the
surplus funds. By giving this direction to them,
it would curtail the power of the Executive. He
spoke of the Legislature of his own State, and of
the internal improvements and patriotism of the
Keystone State. He thanked the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] for putting this matter
upon the true grounds—the competing proposi-
tions for the disposition oí this fund. In regard
to this controversy, it was the people on the one
hand, and the Government and its retainers on the
other. It was an evil that must be got rid of
somehow. The States (said he) that have in pro-
gress those lines of communication that will bind
us together stronger than the bands of steel, know
t'«e struggle is to be a fearful and powerful one.
Nothing could resist the march ot the Government,
unless it was a counteracting principle of interest.
Organized, disciplined as it was, with its unity
of purpose, the contest would be as long as the
Punic war. He knew the veto power, and would
not touch a pebble on which it stood. Armed
with that power, it is not to be expected (said
Mr. M.) that we can succeed in the immediate
