1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
34th Cong....1st Sbss.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
struggle; but in the long ran the people would
do right. He wanted to see the question in rela-
tion to the public lands brought before the people.
The gentleman had taken ground—I plant my-
self (said he) on the side of the States and of the
people. This (said he) is a natural division.
We have had (said he) a new party, with new
attributes, and with new energies. I do not (said
he) call it the spoils party. We must, in the
long run, prevail, (said Mr. M.,) unless the
patriotism and intelligence of the people cannot
resist the fearful power which rides and rules
over us. The ballot-boxes would determine. If
we can (said he) have this great interest met with
these domestic interests, it may be counteracted.
It was not confined to the manufacturing or any
other peculiar interests; it was spread over the
whole Union; felt in and exerted from every post
office in the country. How was it with an indi-
vidual brought forward in opposition to this great
force? He might have great local popularity,
but it must yield to this general influence; and,
at the present time, who did not witness the ex-
ercise of this fearful influence? He hoped they
should be able to break this tremendous august
'influence and power from the people.
If the French war comes, (said Mr. M.,) we
will not be found behind any in contributing to
the means of defense. If it did come, it would
be- the result of the most unfortunate diplomacy
that ever characterized any country.
The patriotism of the Senate had been inculpa-
ted in relation to the vote rejecting the $3,000,000
appropriation. That glorious and gallant little
Navy of ours, which covered itself with glory
in 1812, was to be reinforced. By the showing
of the Administration, at the opening of this ses-
sion, the appropriation was needed. If desired,
why did not some member of the Administration
«nove an appropriation, instead of waging war
upon the Senate? Where had the annual appro-
priation of $100,000 for gun carriages been ex-
pended ? The gentleman on the military commit-
tee [Mr. Benton] had said there was none fit for
service. Wherefore, then, the misapplication of
this money?
In one department everything was full of life,
«nergy, and action.   I mean, said he, the elec-
tioneering department—the  one endowed with
the power of ubiquity; like the proboscis of an
■lepnant, it is now seen pulling up a tree by the
roots, and now picking up a pin.    The powers
•f a government might be compared to the phys-
ical powers of a man.   The brawny arm of the
san who hammers on the anvil increased in mus-
ele and strength, while the other in the same ratio
decreased.   The Post Office Department had been
particularly energetic, and there were hopes of '
late that it was better regulated.   The War De- j
partment, said he, we know is sound.   He hoped ¡
it would be able to satisfy the people of this
country that the blood spilled in the Florida war ]
had not been from any remissness of duty on its ¡
part.   If that Department had been as prompt in
attending to the South, where the war was raging,
-as the other Department was keen in keeping in
the ascendant a certain body in other parts, the
disasters of that war might have been averted.
With a popularity felt throughout the Union,
(his power bad seen able to throttle, break down,
ind strangle all resistance. But, said he, what
-is a two years' domination in the life of a nation,
.to fatten and to batten on its spoils ? The loss was
nothing. A spirit would yet live and hum and
orightly Maze for thousands and thousands of
centuries to come; the successor would be too
weary to be driven from the precipice.
Here Mr. Maxgum gave way for a motion to
adjourn.
Thursday, February 4,1836.
Mr. CLAYTON did not object to the resolu-
tion in its present shape, as modified by the
fentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Grundy.] He
id not concur in opinion with his friend from
New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] that it presented
an absurdity. But, taking the suggestion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,]
that the word "surplus" be stricken out, he
thought would remove all the objections that
had been made to it. The main object of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster,] was undoubtedly the same. The only
difference was, that the resolution, as offered by
the gentleman from Missouri, proposed to appro-
priate from the surplus, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts from the whole revenue. If the
gentleman from Missouri did not consent to the
modification suggested, he would himself move to
strike out the word " surplus." He was anxious
that the American Senate should, on so import-
ant a question, present one unbroken front. He
did not believe that, in a contest between this
country and any other country, there were parti-
sans here on the side of a foreign Power, and he
wished the world to know that there were none.
As to the proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] to amend the
1 Constitution, bo as to enable him to reach the
1 object of his resolution in relation to the public
revenue, he did not believe a majority of the
people could be prevailed upon to sanction it.
Many of them thought the amendment unneces-
sary—that they had the right to distribute the sur-
plus without it, and that his proposition involved
an admission of the want of a power already con-
ceded to Congress. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina would therefore not
probably be attended with any practical results.
It had been said that they should not make appro-
priations for general defense, because internal
improvements required the care and support of
the Grovernment. He was favorable to that ob-
ject; but he would say of it, as he said in relation
to the land bill, so long as money was really ne-
cessary for the national defense, he was not will-
ing to distribute money for internal improve-
ments.
It was made an objection, too, that there was
no danger of a war. If there was no danger, he
still thought it his duty, in time of peace, to pro-
vide for any future exigency which might arise.
He spoke of the morbid excitement in past years,
before the national debt was paid, when claims
were in vain made upon the Government, the
justice of which was now admitted by all, and
when no appropriation for defense could be ob-
tained; and in one case, after a fort had been
burned down, the necessity of first paying the
national debt was urged as an objection to rebuild-
ing it.
It was true, as the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] had stated, that our country was
in a miserable state of defense. The gentleman
who was chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. Southard] had also said that our
Navy was too feeble to repel any formidable at-
tack from a foreign Power. He would not stop
to inquire who was to blame for it. In the Dela-
ware bay, (said he,) you have built up a break-
water, which has answered a most important and
valuable purpose in time of peace. The value of
the vessels and cargoes saved from destruction by
the ice since its construction, amounted, he was
informed, to more than the whole cost of the
breakwater itself. But there was not a single
gun to defend it—no real effective defense against
an enemy, from Cape Henlopen to Philadelphia.
When the island on which Fort Delaware for-
merly stood was ceded to the United States, it
was understood to be a part of the agreement on
the side of the United States, to maintain a forti-
fication there—but although that fort had been
burnt more than five years, there was no fortifi-
cation there now.
It was said confidently, that there was no dan-
ger of a war. He hoped so, too; but he did not
see this matter in the same light with some others.
He thought there was possible danger, and should
not stop now to inquire how it had arisen. He
cared not what party or what cause had produced
this danger, If we do get into a war, (said he,)
we must defend ourselves to the utmost.
He then proceeded to review the fact  con-
nected with our controversy with France; and in
the course of his remarks, he observed, that it
was never considered that the $5,000,000 was a
real indemnity for all the loss actually sustained.
The commissioners appointed to examine the
subject had reported that it was but about one
half the amount due us. But we had agreed to
consider it as an indemnity. He believed the
amount, considering all the circumstances con-
nected with our claims, was actually four times
as much as was conceded by the treaty. Con-
gress, in order to have done with a long contro-
versy with a nation which had been our friend,
and to whom we were much attached, agreed to
overlook what was not allowed. Their object
was not merely money, but peace and harmony
with an ancient ally. It was said by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] that
France had pocketed more than the whole
amount secured in the treaty by our reduction
of duties on her wines and silks. He did not
agree exactly with him, or with the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] who said
the benefit of the reduction of duties was given
to the consumer only. The importer received
some benefit in consequence of the reduction of
duties, as well as the consumer, and the reduc-
tion was an unquestionable advantage to France.
The President had, at the last session, sent a
message to Congress on the subject, which he
(Mr. C.) then and now regretted. After this,
the French Chamber of Deputies did at last con-
sent to vote the money, with a condition an-
nexed, requiring of the President what some
ailed an apology for, and others an explanation
of, his message. He could not shut his eyes to
the fact that we were in a critical condition in
consequence of this demand, for if France in-
sisted that the President should make an apology
directly to her, we know (said Mr. C.) he will
never consent to do it. He was not, and never
should be, the partisan of the President; but con-
sidering the inevitable consequences of such a
concession, he would be opposed to his (the
President's) making any such apology or ex-
planation. The Constitution declares, the Presi-
dent thall give from time to time such informa-
tion of the state of our affairs as he shall think
fit to Congress. Admit that he had introduced
topics that were offensive to foreign nations, in
language that was indiscreet and improper in our
own opinions, yet he had as clear a right to do
so as he or any Senator here had to speak his
sentiments freely on that floor; nay, it was his
duty to do so. If the right of objection to the
payment of the indemnity on that ground was
recognized, a foreign nation hereafter may carry
their doctrine (said Mr. C.) to erery depart-
ment of the Government, and demand an ex-
planation of its conduct, even though sanctioned
by the others. This, he believed, was the view
taken by the President; and he (Mr. C.) be-
lieved it was correct; and we know, for we have
been so informed by his friend here, the Presi-
dent will never abandon it. fcir, in the assertion
of his right to communicate to Congress his
opinion unquestioned by foreign nations, I shall
sustain him.
It was said that a mediation was offered. He
hoped it was true, and that it might be the means
of settling the difficulty. But looking to the state
.of things as they now existed, it was impossible
to say there was no danger from abroad, and al-
though he should exert his humble efforts to the
utmost to prevent a rupture with a foreign coun-
try, so long as the honor of his country would
permit that course, yet he wished to be prepared
to meet any and every emergency.
On our western frontier an increase of our mil-
itary force was very desirable. He had been
told by a gentleman, in whom lie liad confidence,
that not less than thirty thousand warriors could
be brought into the field against us by the Indi-
ans, who were ready to take arms if a probable
chance of success should be offered them. He
should not stop to inquire whose fault it was that
this frontier was left in a defenseless situation.
It was objected that this resolution offered no
specific proposition for decision,butall they could
say in advance of the Executive, was that they
would give all for defense that was necessary.
When the amount required should be specified,
every Senator would form opinions as to the ne-
cessity of each item, and vote accordingly. But
he had no hesitation in saying, 'hat he would
vote for appropriations for defense fully commen-
surate with the wants and means of the country.
