1836.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGHEBStONAli GLOBE.
TT
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defonae—^M: Bentoñ.
StlfJCNC.
cedents called for by the exigency of our affairs,
and came to the Senate with the highest possible
recommendation—that of the vote of the House
of Representatives, the exclusive organ of the
people in the imposition of taxes, and therefore
the anpropriate organ to originate the heavy ex-
penditures which are so nearly akin to the impo-
sition of taxes. The Senate rejected, violently
and cOntumeliously rejected the .appropriation
under these circumstances; and in doing so, they
put the seal of confirmation upon all the speeches
they had made against the President, and in favor
of the French, and announced to the world, by
a solemn vote, that they would not appropriate
money to defend the country, even if necessary,
before the next meeting of Congress.
The second branch of this inquiry. (Mr. B. said)
related to the lose of the fortification bill. It was
the inferior branch of the inquiry, both because
the amount contained in it was comparatively
small, something less than $1,000,000, and be-
cause it was a general appropriation for perma-
nent objects, and had no view to particular defense
against France. The opposition Senators had
bud out all their strength in defending themselves
on this incidental, subordinate, and inferior point,
the loss of which, occuring as it did in the shades
ef a midnight session, afforded room for con-
trariety of statement; while the main loss, which
was avowedly the work of the Senate, and the
moral effect of which, on the minds of the French,
was so electric, was skipped over with rhetorical
flourishes upon the Constitution, dictators, des-
potism, and the dangers of blind coafidence in
popular chiefs. The main loss being given upas
the act of the Senate, the subordinate one was
scarcely worth the trouble of investigation; bat
he would show that that loss also was the work
of the Senate*.
The bill died under lapse of time. It died be-
cause not acted upon before midnight of the last
day of the session. Right or wrong, the session
was over before the report ef the conifereeu'could
be acted on. The House of Representatives was
without a quorum, and the Senate was about is
the same condition. Two attempts in the Senate
to get a vote on some printing moved by his col-
league, [Mr. Limr,] were both lost for want of a
quorum. The session then was at an end, for
want of quorums, whether the legal right to sit
had ceased or not. The bill was not rejected
either in the House of Representatives, or m the
Senate, bat it died for want of action upon it, and
that action was pre vented by want of tithe. Now,
whose fault was it that there was no time left for
acting on the report of the conferees ? That was
the true question, and the answer to it would
show where the fault lay. This answer is as
clear as midday, though the transaction took
pkee in the darkness of midnight. It was the
Senate! The bill came to the Senate in full time
to have been acted 'upon, if it had been treated as
all bills must be treated that are intended to be
passed in the last hoars of the session. It is no
time for speaking. AU speaking is then fatal to
bills, and equally fetal whether for or against
then. Yet what was the conduct of the Senate
with respect to this bill? Members commenced
speaking upon it with vehemence and persever-
ance, and continued at it, one after another. The
speeches were fatal to the bill. They were nu-
merous, and consumed much time to deliver
them. They were criminative, and provoked re-
plies. They denounced the President without
measure, and, by implication, the House of Rep-
resentatives which sustained, him. They were
intemperate, and destroyed the temper of others.
In this way the precious time was consumed it*
which the bill might hare been aetad upon, and
for want of which time it was lost. Every one
that made a speech helped to destroy it, and
nearly the whole body or the Opposition spoke,
and most ef them at much length and with unu-
sual warmth and animation. So certain was he
of the ruinous effect of this speaking, that he him-
self never opened his month or uttered one word
upon it. Then came the fatal motion to adhere,
the effect of which was to make bad worse, and
to destroy the butt chance, unless the House of
Representatives had humbled itself to ask a con"
ferenee from the Senate.   The fatal effect of thi*
motion to adhere, Mr. B. would show from Jef-
ferson's Manual, and reads as follows:
" The regular progression in this case ii, that the Com-
mons disagree to the amendment; the Lords insist on it ¡
the Commons insist on their disagreement; the Lords ad-
here to their amendment; the Commons adhere to their
disagreement; the terms of insisting may be repeated as
often as they choose to keep the question open ; but the
first adherence by either renders it necessary for the other
to recede or to adhere also, when the matter is usually
suffered to fall—10 Grey, 1*8. Latterly, however, there
are instances of their having gone to a second adherence.
There must be an absolute conclusion of the subject some--
where,or otherwise transactions between the Houses would
become endless.—3 HatseU. 9S8,970. The term of insist-
ing, we are told bySir John Trevor, was then (1618) newly
introduced into parliamentary usage by the Lords.—7 Grey,
' 94. It was-certainly a happy innovation, as it multiplies
the opportunities of trying modifications, which may bring
the Houses to a concurrence. Either House, however, is
free to pass «ver the term of insisting, and toadhere in the
j   first instance__10 Grey, 146.   Bnt it is not respectful to
the other.   In the ordinary parliamentary coarse, there are
i two free conferences at least before an adherence—10
Grey, 147. 
This is the regular progression in the case of
amendments, and there are five steps in it: 1.
To agree; 2. To disagree; 3. To recede; 4. To
insist; 5. To adhere. Of these five steps adher-
ence is the last, and yet it was the first adopted
by the Senate. The effect of its adoption was,
in parliamentary usage, to put ah end to the
matter. ( It was, by the law of Parliament, a dis-
respect to the House. No conference was even
asked by the Senate after the adherence, although
by the parliamentary law there ought to have
been two, free conferences at least before the ad-
herence was voted. All this was fully stated to
the Senate that night, and before the question to
adhere was put. It was fully stated by you, sir,
(said Mr. B., addressing himself to Mr. King, of
Alabama, who was then in the Vice President's
chair.) This vote to adhere, coupled with the
violent speeches denouncing the President, and
by implication censuring the House ofRepresent-
atives,and coupled with the total omission of the
Senate to ask for a conference, seemed to indicate
a fetal purpose to destroy the bill; and lost it
would have been upon the Spot if the House of
Representatives, forgetting the disrespect with
Which it had been treated, atid passing over the
censure impliedly cast upon it, had not humbled
itself to come and ask for a conference. The
House humbled itself, but it was a patriotic and
noble humiliation; it was to serve their country!
The conference was granted, and an amendment
was agreed upon by the conferees, by which the
amount was reduced, and the sum divided, and,
$300,000 allowed to the military, and $500,000 to
the naval service. This was done at last, and
after all the irritating speeches and irritating con-
duct of the Senate; but the precious time was
fone. The hour of midnight Was not only come,
ut members were dispersed—7quormns were un-:
attainable, and the bill died for want of action.
And now (said Mr. B.) I return to my question,
I resume, and maintain, my position upon it% I
ask how it came to pass, if want of specification
was really the objection,—how it'came to.j ass
that the Senate did not do at first what it did at
last ? Why it did not amend by the easy, natural,
obvious, and parliamentary process of disagree-
ing, insisting, and -asking for a committee of
conference?
Mr. B. would say but el wdr4 on the'new cal-
endar which would make the day begin in the
middle. It was sufficient to state such a concep-
tion to expose it to ridicule, A farmer would be
sadly put out if his laborers should refuse to
come until midday! The thing was rathe* t¿>o,
fanciful for grave deliberation.., Suffice it to say 
there are no fractions of days ¡n any calendan
There is no 3J, 3j  and 3J of March, or of $n£
other month. When one day ends another be-
gins, and midnight is the turning point both in
law and in practice. All our laws of the last
day are dated the 3d of March; and in point.of
fact, Congress, for every beneficial purpose, is
dissolved at midnight. Many members will not
act, and go away; and such was the practice of
the venerable Mr. Macon, of North Carolina,
who always acted precisely as President Jackson
did. He put on his hat and went away at mid-
night; h  went away when his or  watch toM
him it was midnight; after wfciehv he beliew!, h«
had no authority to act as a legislator, nor the
Senate to make him act as such. This was Pres 
ident Jackson's course. He stayed in the Capi*
tol until a quarter after one to sign all the bills
which Congress should pass before midnight*
He stayed until a majority of Congress was gone,
and quorums unattainable. He stayed in- the
Capitol, in,a room convenient to the Senate, to
act upon .everything that was sent to him, and
did not have to be waked up, as Washington
was, to sign after midnight; a most unfortunate
reference to Washington, Who, by going to bed
at midnight, showed that he considered the busi-
ness of the rat ended ; and getting up and putting
on his night-gown, and signing a bill at two
o'clock in the morning of the 4th, showed that
he would sign at that hour what had passed be*
fore midnight; and does not that act bear-daw
the 3d of March.     '     '
Mr. B. said, that whenr he -first spoke on the
subjdet, he had. adverted to' some collateral pro-
ceedings of the Senate, as subsidiarir arguments
in favor of his; main proposition. He hal shown
Other proceedings adverse to tie defense of the
country, and hence drew an inference in support
of his proposition, that the Senate was the re-
sponsible party for the loss of the $3r,080¿000 and
of the fortification bill. These collateral pro*
ceedings Were—1. The rejection of the $500,000
reconimehdedhytheMilitaiyCoirirnitsBe; 2. The
refusal to adopt the motion •which he had made
for information ©u the subject of national de-
fease; 3. The impending; motion to divide the
surplus revenue among the States. He would
briefly touch these points again, which seemed
to have been misunderstood by some gentlemen,
and showed that they were entitled to the deepest
attention; as showing the indisposition of the
Senate ta take measures for the defense of the
country.
1. The $500,000. This had been agreed upon
in thn Military Committee- of the Senate, with
three other heara, and direction giren to him as
chairman of the committee to move them as
amendments to the fortification bill, then in the
hands of- the Finance Committee. The Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Cutto*} had moved the
hem of $500,000, and the committee was unani-
mous in it It was on the S3d of February, that
he (MrjB.) moved these item  In the Seriate.
The minutes kr the Senate show the proceedings
more fully than the Journal, and from thfw*
minutes the proceedings are shown to be these!
First, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, [Mr. WuBsrra,] who had the custody
of the bill under a reference to his committee,
moved the three additional appropriations, which
were adopted by the Senate. These amendments
were made in quad Committee of the Whole.
Mr. B. rose to offer his amendments, btrt it wad
suggested that he should wait until the amend 
ments made mquuti Committee of the Whole
should be repotted to the Senate, and concurred
in. He (Mr. B.) then withdrew his amendments
for thKtmirpose,.arid the instant the amendment 
of the Finance Committee were concurred in, h 
offered, tenatim, the four amendments reported
from the Military Committee. Upon these"
amendments the minutes show the following
proceedings:
" Mr. BsIitoh, for port Mifflin, $79,000, tamef.)
' " Increase Pes Patch ftjrtlncntibn, $Í50;W)Í>, («igríe*Y
«Fo* armament af fttafleMom, «suifjoral, pospon,
Thus, tlm motion f<H*the $8W^9Mbí1neréass
and' «moment of foMientibn was Made «ad re-
jected. It was not withdrawn, 6*t-rejected; ana
the «Senator irtftn Delaware [Mr.^LArtoir] had
correctly stated Hw circumstances of rejection.
It was pressed upon the Senate; and why not
pressed ? For the two precise reasons mentioned
by that gentleman. Because the debate on the
$180,000 appropriation for the Pea Patch, (Port
Delaware,) which was carried with difficulty,
and after protracted discussion, brought out the
sense of the Senate against the $500,000 item,
which it Was then seen would stand no chance at
a . Secondly, because the chairman of the Com-
mittee on'Finance informed the Senate that the
FiMnc* Committee would prodWee * substitute
¿
