78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
for it, « hich substitute never came, unless, as the
Senator from Delaware [Mr Clayton] suggests,
the amendment from the conference committee,
on the last night of the session, could be consid-
ered as that substitute ' The Senator does not
intimate that it can be so considered; and cer-
tainly nobody can so consider it' The $500,000
was then rejected by the Senate; and this rejec-
tion is a pregnant illustration of the conduct of
the Senate in the proceedings on the $3,000,000
and the fortification bill; for here is a rejection
of a sum, on the 23d of February, which was
moderate in amount, specific in its application,
reported by the Senate's own committee, and ex-
pressly sanctioned by the Secretary of War; an
appropriation fiee from every objection taken to
the $3,000,000, and rejected the very week before
the $3,000,000.
Mr B. 's second collateral argument was the
refusal of the Senate to adopt his resolution for
information preparatory to the defense of the
country, and which was laid upon the table, on the
motion of an opposition Senator. A Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Ewing] seems to be at a loss to find
nnd to understand this proceeding; but it is easily
found. The resolution will be found at pages
167 and 168 of the Senate Journal, of the last
session, and under the proceedings of February
16th, and with this brief history of its fact: " On
motion, of Mr. Poindexter, ordered, that tt be laid
on the table." So that the Senate, fifteen days
before the rejection of the $3,000,000 contingent
appropriation for the defense of the country, re-
fused to adopt a resolution, calling upon the Pres-
ident to cause information, relative to defense, to
be laid before the Senate !
The third collateral argument on which Mr. B.
relied, to show the indisposition of the Senate to
▼ote money for the national defense, was the ex-
istence of the propositions to take the public
money for distribution among the States. This
was matter of history, he said, and he would not
further remark upon it, than to remind the Senate
that so strong has become this disposition to
hoard money for distribution, that not only the
defense of the country, but the adequate prose-
cution, even of the oldest and most meritorious
work of internal improvement, the accelerated
continuation of the Cumbeiland road itself, is
likely to be endangered by it' The bill forcontin-
uing the road through the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois was actually arrested on its passage
through the Senate last Friday, and now hangs
suspended on an objection to the amounts to be
expended, and because these amounts will dimin-
ish the fund for distribution.                                     i
Having disposed of these points, and shown I
the Senate, as Mr. B. believed, to be the respon-
sible party for the loss of the ¿3,000,000 and of
the fortification bill, he would proceed to notice
some matters which had grown up in the course
of the debate, and which went to charge the Ad-
ministration, and its friends in Congress, with
gross neglect, and great dereliction of duty, m
asking for appropriations for the defense of the
country, or applying them beneficially after they I
were granted. The stress of the charge was, that
the President, occupied with pursuing the Bank
of the United States, had neglected the country;
that every appropriation asked by the Adminis-
tration for national defense had been granted—
that there was little to show for the appropria-
tions actually made—and that the opponents of
the Administration were the true originators of
the defensive measures adopted. Mr. B. belied
that four Senators at least, had made these i
charges—one from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing;] one from
New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] another from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden;] and the fourth
from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.] Not content
with making these charges, the Senators had
exulted in their truth; had proclaimed them un-
answerable, and had called for answers with a
confidence and, pertinacity which seemed to an-
nounce the perfect reliance of absolute knowl-
edge, but winch he would show to be the blind
reliance of absolute ignorance. He would take
up the charges in their order, one after the other,
and dispatch each in its turn with that logic of I
facts which economizes phrases and dispenses |
with declamation.   The first fact that he would I
National Defense—Mr. Benton.
, ha^e recourse to, would be the first report of the
Secretary of War, at the first session of the first
Congress that sat in the first year of President
Jackson's administration It was from Mr. Eaton,
and would be found in the extract which he should
read.
" A reference to the report of the Chief of the Ordnance
will show the particular details ot op°ration in tint branch
of the service, it merits attention     It has been frequently
observed that the best way to avoid war is to be prepared
for it.    'r this point of view it is desirable that the appro
priauons to b.; made for clothing our formications should
correspond with the probable period of their completion
It would, indeed, be a mortifying result it, after the labor
and cost which has been encountered for their completion,
it should rest ui the power ot an enemy, at the onset ot a
i war, to seize or destroy them, because the means had not
been placed in readiness for their defense      From the re
I port it wUl be seen that, at the present annual rate of ap
propriation, to wit, $100,000, sixteen or twenty years will
I   have passed, before a proper supply of arms tor those for
tifications now in progress can be obtained for their de-
fense     If, in the slow and gradual preparation for a neces-
sary and adequite arimment at presuit pursued, sixteen
I or twenty years should be found requisite, and war within
that period took place, a consequence would be that some
of our forts, built up at great expen=e, would be destroyed,
because incapable ot self defense, or be retained and armed
bv the enemy and Used agauist ourselves "—{November,
1829)
The second fact that I shall show will be a
memorandum, in answer to a note of my own
from the Colonel of Ordnance, Colonel Bomford,
stating that the additional sum of $150,000 was
asked for the armament of fortifications for the
year 1830, which, added to the standing appro-
priation of $100,000, would have made #250,000
lor that year, and which was not granted by Cpn-
gress.
The third fact which he would show, was a
memorandum from the same officer, made at his
(Mr B 's) request, and headed, " Memorandum
of items of the estimate of the Secretary of War,
which were i ejected from the bills of appropriation
from 1830 to 1835, inclusive," which showed a
list of twelve items, one of them an additional
appropriation of $100,000 for arming forts, and
which would have been asked for annually, if
granted, the twelve items amounting to $902,000.
The fourth fact that he would show would be
a memorandum from the Engineer Department,
showing that, from the year 1830 to 1835, mclu
sively, the sum of $4,911,479 94 had been asked
for fortifications, six of them new ones, and that
the sum of $3,957,515 94 only had been granted
by Congress, making a deficiency of $943,984 on
that head.
The fifth fact that he should offer was a memo-
randum from the Navy Department, headed " A
' statement of estimates submitted by the Secre-
' tary of the Navy, fiom the commencement of
1 the present Administration to the close of the
' last session of Congress, which have not been
' acted on, or for which no appropriations have
' been made," and which contains four items, one
of them for deepening the bar at Pensacola har-
bor, for $106,690, and contained in the Secretary
of the Navy's (Mr. Woodbury) report in No-
vember, 1833, and another from the present Sec-
retary, (Mr. Dickerson,) for $200,000, for steam
batteries, to be expended during 1835—the whole
near $500,000.
The sixth fact that Mr. B would mention was
the bill of General Smith, of Maryland, for one
million of dollars, for arming fortifications, a
quarter of a million annually, and which was
indefinitely postponed by the Senate. *
The seventh fact that he would mention was
that  he himself [Mr. Benton] had moved the
resolution at the last session, under which the
Senate's Committee on Military Affairs had in-
quired into the  expediency of increasing  the
military defenses.   He made his motion to that
effect on the 29th day of January; and the com-
mittee, upon communication with the Secretaiy
of War, Mr. Cass, reported near a million of dol-
lars, to wit: $75,000 for Fort Mifflin, $150,000
for Fort Delaware, $100,000 additional for arma-
, ment of fortifications, and $500,000 for repair,
I increase, and arming forts.    It was under this
1 very   resolution,  submitted   by  himself,  under
which the committee acted when they made these
* On Mr. B 's own motion, his object being to apply the
surpluses first on the extinction of the public debt, and next
on the defenses of the Union.
Senate.
important recommendations, and the unfortunate
fate of which is so well known to the Senate, the
first three items having been lost in the fortifica-
tion bill after being agreed to by both Housrs,
the fourth large item being rejected by the Senate
under the circumstances which had been so fully
stated both by himself and by the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.]
Here Mr. B. would pause, and ask gentlemen
if they were satisfied > So far from neglecting
the defense of the country in persecuting that in-
nocent bank which,though cut down, has grown
up, like Jonah's gourd, in one night, far higher
than ever it was before; instead of this neglect,
four or five millions are counted up in a few min-
utes of sums applied for by the Administration
or its friends, and not granted. The amounts
would have been greater, if repeated refusal had
not checked applications; but it is enough, as it
is enough to vindicate the Administration,
enough to show gentlemen their profound error,
and enough to show the truth of Mr. Eaton's
remark in 1829, that, unless we accelerated the
I arming of forts, we might be building them to be
1 blown up by the enemy, or to be occupied by
them and turned against ourselves.
But a specific demand is made upon the friends
of the Administration to tell why it was that no
application for extiaoidinary appropriations were
made for forts and armaments in 1835. To this
demand, especially as far as relates to armaments,
the following memorandum from the Ordnance
Department must be accepted as the answer:
" They had been so often repeated without success,
that it was thought useless to renew them."
Another attack upon the Administration is upon
the mismanagement or waste of the moneys voted
for the public defense, and for which, it is said,
no adequate returns are forthcoming. It is said,
that $40,000,000 have been voted since the last
war for the increase of the naval and coast de-
fenses, and it is triumphantly demanded, what is
to be shown for all this money' I will answer
and tell what is to be shown for it. In the naval
arm, there are twelve ships of the line, either
built or building, there are ten frigates of the first
class, either built or building; and there are
twenty-one sloops and schooners, either built or
building, then there are a number of old vessels
repaired, with dock and navy-yards constructed,
ship-timber prepared, and munitions collected.
But only a few of these ships are ready foi sea 1
Granted, and for what reason' Because the
appropriations required to fit them out, and es-
pecially of the $3,000,000 of the last session, have
been refused. Next, as to the coast defenses.
We have eighteen new forts built, many old onea
repaired, and some munitions of war collected.
But gentlemen say, these forts are not defensible.
They have no guns, no carriages, no shot, no
shells. Granted again, not to the letter, but
granted. And why are the forts not defensible ?
Because the recommendation of M>. Secretary
Eaton, in 1829, had not been followed; because
the repeated applications for accelerated arma-
t ments had not been listened to, because the
$500,000 asked for by the Military Committee
had been rejected, the $3,000,000 lost, and the
whole fortification bill lost, which contained items
to the amount of eight or nine hundred thousand
dollars. This is the reason why the ships and
foits, built or building, are not ready for service.
Another attack upon the Administration is, as
to the condition of the Navy, its paucity, the
small number of ships in commission, and their
dispersed situation. This attack comes from the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Southard>] and
certainly comes with authority from him- He
has been six years Secretary of the Navy, and
four years chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs in the Senate, and certainly" should know,
better than any othei membei of the Senate, the
actual condition of that arm of defense which he
has had so long in his own care. If found to be in
a very miserable condition, he will certainly come
in for a share of that kind of merit which attaches
to this condition But it may be best for the
French not to rely too implicitly upon the n^P"
less, impotent, miserable picture which he has
drawn.     We have fifty ships of war, old and
| new, either built or building.   Our naval arm is
