1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
24th Cong....1st Sess.
many time? stronger than it was when it en-
countered the thousand ships of war of Great
Britain, and augmented itself with captures from '
her noble flag. The Macedonian and Java are
still in our hands to do service, if necessary, upon '
the French. More than that, we have French
names upon our list, La Gwrriere and La Cyane,
which we took from those who took them from
the French. It was a saying in England, that
France builds ships for the British; that saying
may be transplanted to our America, if war fall
out between America and France. Those who
can take the prize from the conqueror, with more
ease could take it from the loser.                          i
And now, after defending the Administration
from the attacks of the opposition, Mr. B. would <
be glad to know what they themselves have done
for their country? What has the Senate done?
It is very ready to arraign and condemn others,
and surely can have no objection to a little ar-
raignment itself. The Opposition have the ma-
jority here, and all the committees strongly
organized—some of them four to one—in their
favor, and could carry any measure for the pub-
lic good which they pleased. Now, what has
this majority done? What has it been about? ■
Has it passed the appropriations for defense
which have been asked by the heads of Depart-
ments? The memorandums which I have read
answer that question. Has it passed the sums
recommended by its own Military Committee?
The fate of the $500,000 answers that. Has it
passed the sums which had passed the House of
Representatives? The history of the $3,000,000
will reply to that. Has it originated anything!
itself? No. Then, what has the Senate done?
The barren condition of the defenses will answer 11
• that. What has it been about? What are the
fruits of the four years' majority which the Op-
position have held here ? The fruits are nothing;
and the works, if I should give the answer which
the whole country gives, would be comprised in
four words: President making, and President
unmaking! That, and that alone, has been the
work of the Opposition.
Mr. B. said that he had followed the lead of a
former chairman of the Naval Committee of the
Senate, in attempting to establish the rank of
admiral in the Nary. He spoke of one of
South Carolina's most distinguished sons—Gen-
eral Hayne; and he should be glad now to follow
the lead of another naval chairman in the same
attempt. The honors of the rank were due to
the brave old officers who had carried our naval
renown to the highest pitch of glory; it was an
incentive to be placed before the eyes of the
younger officers to fire their emulation and to
reward their exploits.
The resolution, which I have had the honor
to submit, (continued Mr. B.,) proposes a very
intelligible, and, I flatter myself, patriotic object.
It is amagonistical to all the plans presented here
for the distribution of the surplus revenues1. It
is not altered, in my view of it, by the amendment
of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Grundy.]
The qualification of the amount to be applied is
a qualification in words, not in effect. It will
take all the surplus to accomplish the object.
Fortifications alone will require $28,000,000 for
construction, and $2,000,000 or $3,000,000 for
armament. Gentlemen deceive themselves about
this surplus. They all speak of $30,000,000,
when the amount reported by the Secretary of
the Treasury is only $10,500,000, and that before
the Florida war and the New York fire.. These
two events will abstract some millions. The
surplus will be barely sufficient for the necessary
appropriations this year, and cannot be counted
on for many years. We should not forget our
own history. When Mr. Jefferson retired from
office, he taxed the ingenuity of Congress to
devise means of applying the surpluses; in a fe*
years the Treasury was empty. In 1816, the rev-
enue was $36,000,000and the surplus $11,000,000;
in 1820, the Navy appropriations had to be dimin-
ished one half, the Army reduced from ten thou-
sand to six thousand men, and entrenchments
made at all points to avoid borrowing money for
current expenses. So of this surplus; it will go
•oon, and nobody can tell where. Let us fix it,
then, while in our power.   Let us consecrate it
National Defense—Mr. Leigh.
to a sacred object. Some gentlemen say they
will lay taxes, if necessary to defend the country;
that, sir, is precisely what I wish to avoid. I
wish to apply the surpluses in the Treasury for
that object, and to avoid the odious resort to
taxes, which will not be necessary if we act right
now. This is my object; and by moving an
express resolution here, it has been my intention
to carry the question to the people, and let every ' i
citizen decide for himself, whether he will defend i
his country, or leave it at the mercy of the enemy?
Whether we should put it in a state of defense
while we can, or defer it till we cannot? Whether
we will use the money in hand, or divide that
money, and then raise more by taxes to defend
our coast? This is my object. Peace or war
makes no difference with me. England, with an
exalted magnanimity, worthy of the high place
which she holds among the liberal Powers, has
offered her mediation; President Jackson accepts
it, and the prospect of peace brightens. But all
that is nothing to delay our defenses. If I held
the bond of fate for peace, I should still say, pre-
pare for war.
Mr. LEIGH spoke to a question of order that
had arisen in the discussion, in relation to the
$3,000,000 appropriation. The question occurred
to him that they (the Senate) could not make an
amendment to the amendment of the House of
Representatives. A gentleman had told him it
could not be opened, and he understood at the
time that it could not be done. But on looking
at the rules, he now found that he had entertained
a wrong impression. He did not profess to be
very intimately acquainted with the rules.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, requested Mr. Leigh
to yield him the floor for a few moments. On his
domg so, Mr. K. said he felt himself called on,
by the observations of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, to make a short explanation ot the course I
pursued by him at the last session. When the
fortification bill was returned to the Senate with
the amendment, appropriating $3,000,000 for the
defenses of the country, he was not, as might be
supposed from the gentleman's observations, oc-
cupying the chair; the honorable Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Tyler] was then presiding as
President pro Umpore. He (Mr. K.) was not in
the Chamber when the discussion commenced
on the motion to disagree to the amendment.
He took no part in that discussion; and not until
the bill came back to the House, insisting on its
amendment, on a motion made to adhere, did he
say one word on the subject; and then merely to
warn the Senate against the consequences of
adopting such a proceeding, as harsh, unusual,
and well calculated to defeat the bill altogether.
He gave no opinion as to the power of amend-
ment; no such question was made. He would,
however, frankly state—and this was his prin-
cipal object in asking the floor—that had his opin-
ion been asked, he should, without hesitation,
have said, that an amendment in that stage of the
business could not be made. He had so stated
to several of his-friends at this session. _ He was
now, however, convinced that he was in error,
and that the amendment of the House could have
been amended. Yet, in fairness, he must state
that he had no doubt that many, perhaps all those
who opposed the appropriation, were equally in
error with himself as to the power of amendment.
Mr. LEIGH continued, that the gentleman from
Alabama had not understood him, if he supposed
he referred to him, either at the last session or at
this. He well remembered that he was under a
strong impression at the time, that the amendment
of the House was not susceptible of amendment
in the Senate. He did not know bow l*e get his
opinions; but he supposed he might pojsibft hats
got them from the gentleman himself. He was
going to say¿ when lie rose, that he desired very
much to say «few words on the general question;
but he was reluctant to do so, after the remarks
made by the gentleman from Missouri, at the
commencement of hie speech. He would not say
anything further on the general question, if it
would be considered discourteous in him to do
so. He wished at all times to act with, perfect
courtesy to every gentleman.                              «
Mr. BENTON said, that thtr. would b« no
SiNATJC
discourtesy to him in the gentleman's making
any additional remarks he thought proper. He
would hear the gentleman with pleasure; and if
he pleased would move that the Senate adjourn.
On motion by Mr. BENTON,
The Senate then adjourned.
Tuesday, February 9,1836.
Mr. LEIGH observed that he had not intended,
by any further remarks of his, to protract this
debate, and should not have again arisen, but for
the exposition which the Senator from Missouri
had given of his principal policy in offering his
resolution to the Senate, and the assumption on
his part, which assumption, so far as he (Mr. L.)
was concerned, was erroneous. He knew that
frequent occasions might hereafter occur, on which
he would have an opportunity of explaining fully
his opinions on the subject of our relations with
France, but he was unwilling that for a single
moment his opinions should not be known. The
gentleman told the Senate that his purpose in
offering his resolution was to present an antago-
nist proposition to those already before the Sen-
ate for the distribution of the surplus revenue,
introduced by the Senators from South Carolina
and Kentucky; and, as he understood the gentle-
man, he intended to use this possible result of a
war with France as an argument in support of his
principal policy. . Though he was- as much dis-
posed (Mr. L. said) as any gentleman to vote for
every necessary, liberal, and reasonable appro-
priation of money suited to a state of war, if War
is to come, and suited to a state of peace, or to
exactly the state in which we were, a state of
peace with war expected to come, he desired to
be distinctly understood, that he was not willing
to give one single dollar for any object introduced
to defeat these two propositions of the gentlemen:
from Kentucky and South Carolina. What he
might think of these two propositions he declined
then to state; but this he would say, that in
selecting objects for the distribution of this sur-
plus revenue, now become so burdensome, he was
not willing to look at any other than that for
which the appropriation was to be made. Lev
them (said he) stand upon their own merits, and
be determined by them alone; and let the propoi
sition to appropriate the surplus revenue fot'na-
tional defense be determined by the necessity of
national defense alone. If we are to have war.
with France, (said Mr. L.,) or if there is danger
of that War, it becomes us seriously to consider
what is the nature of that danger, and to determ-
ine how far we ought now to provide against the
possible occurrence of it. It did so happen that
he found himself less sanguine, as to the happy
termination of the mediation offered by Great
Britain and accepted by our Government, than
any gentleman with whom h<r had conversed, or
who had entered into this debate; at the same
time he was as much convinced as he ever was,
that there was no just or reasonable cause of a
war with France.                  . •   •
The surplus revenue burned in our pookets-«tt
was like money in the' pockets at « school-tow
who was never satisfied till he got rid of it. The
loss to the United States, in the event of a whr,
would extend to the benefit of our trade with
France, and the loss of the carryiegitntde, which
would go to England. It was not money alone:
it was the blood of bath nativas that <wokH be
expended* The people of the United States (Might
not to shape mattawerhirely whh* view? ts peace.
He «raid not, skuatea as. he was, be indÜfewnt
to a war. - He was* les  sanguine thatthere would
heno wa> than some geutltissenv and marcees*
vinced than others that diere was just cause for
the apprehension rof it, and bia rvo  Would be
predicated upon the supposition of «.war. i
■ Mr. L**dver*ed to the Berlin and Milan de-
crees, to Bhow that the President must have been
under a.mistaken impression when h* supposed
that all spobatioas committed by the French upon
American vessels were not allowed. ■ He nev*T"
thelesa thought the acceptance of theiJkiflOOfiOO
by our Government a judicious act under the cir-
cumataneesj and that it was wise, in the Govern*
ment tc  negotiate this treaty. There were some
doubts at tíie'timrwbeflwr; the treaty would.be
a
