80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Leigh.
Senate.
ratified.    What had been the condition of France j
at that timer   She had been paying indemnities <
to the conqueror of her Government to a great
amount, and was laboring under other embar-
rassments.
The French Executive had notified to ours, that
it was doubtful whether the Chamber of Deputies
would vote this money. The American Govern-
ment knew, or ought to have known, that the
French Government could not constitutionally
have paid it at the time our draft was dishonored.
But our Government looked upon this claim as of
long standing, and a just claim, and could not see
thereason of its detention. It did not, however,
properly estimate the probable result of the vote
of the Chamber of Deputies.
The Due de Broglie and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] differed as to the
fact of the claim having been presented by the
King to the Chamber of Deputies. The Due de
Broglie had said it was repeatedly presented to the
Chambers; nothing was done, or, as he believed,
could be done.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that he had asserted,
and he did so again with the most perfect confi-
dence, that the French Ministry had never pre-
sented a bill to the Chambers to carry into effect
the treaty, until more than two months after the
first installment under it had become due; and
there was nothing in the letter of the Due de
Broglie to Mr. Pageot which, in the slightest
degree, contradicted this assertion. Such was
undoubtedly the truth.
Mr. LEIGH continued: All he knew was, that
the Due de Broglie said it had been presented to
the Chamber of Deputies at as early a date as
possible; but that to urge it hastily might endan-
ger the safety of its passage through that body.
The constitutional duty of the King was to
present these claims to the Chamber of Deputies,
and he was charged with an omission of that
duty.
Did the King of France think it detracted from
the honor and dignity of the French nation to offer
an apology to the American Government for the
delay ? No, sir. The Secretary of State of this
Government was extremely importunate, andan
apology was expected from France for this omis-
sion, and it was given. He referred to the letter
of Mr. Serrurier which set forth the difficulty in
obtaining an appropriation in the French Cham-
bers, and the regret the failure had occasioned the
King's Government.                           •                 ¡
At the next succeeding session the bill was I
Jong before the Chamber of Deputies, and was
defeated by a majority of eight votes. Mr. L.
referred to the letter of the Due de Broglie as an
evidence of the sense of justice of that great ,
statesman, and of hi  anxiety for the fulfillment
of the treaty.
A neglect of duty by omission, or a neglect of
it by commission, Was virtually the same. An '
apology for the omission of the French Govern-
ment in regard to this claim had been here given
by the Minister of that Governaient-— he was (
going to say—in it  terms «rare humble than that
required by the King's Government from the
President.
. It had been charged that the King had not
brought the matter before his Government at as
early a period as he ©ught to have done. .
Mr. L. adverted to the time of meeting of the
Chambers—the proroguing of them—the propo-
sition of the King to call them together again at
an early day—and of the dispatch by a vessel to
communicate his intentions to our Government.
He then read a letter from Count de Rigny to
our Government, i  whieh was stated the im-
possibility of convening the Chambers before the
winter; that the claim had to be treated of by
the public as well as before the Chambers; and
of the necessary procrastination in paving the
way for its favorable reception by the Deputies;
Here is another instance (said Mr. L.) in
which the French Government explains—yes,
apologizes to our Government.
Mr. L. adverted to the opinion entertained by
France in regard to the message of the President,
which contained, as he supposed, a naenace, and
to the succeeding message disavowing it. Said
he, upoa the honor of a man, I &ev*r could
believe the President was serious in his intention
of making reprisals. Was there ever an instance
in which notice was given to the adverse party of
such intention, as had been done in this case ? In
the administration of the elder Adams, letters of
reprisal were ordered against the armed vessels of
France, but exempted her merchant vessels; no
spoliation was to be committed upon her com-
merce. When notice of reprisals was given, it
put the party against whom the reprisals were to
be made upon their guard, and enabled them to
defeat the object.
Mr. Livingston had written a very able letter,
of his own accord, and without the authority of
this Government, stating that there was no inten-
tion of menace on the part of the President to-
wards the Government of France. What effect
that letter might have had it was difficult to de-
termine, for the action of our Government had
done away the force of it. The Ministry of
France was still in favor of fulfilling the treaty.
Mr. Livingston's letter comes, and, as it were,
dispels the gloom. He read from Mr. Livings-
ton's letters, in which he had said they (the
French Ministry) would not take the responsi-
bility of a rupture between the two nations.
Also, that he, Mr. Livingston, did not hope for
an adjustment before the — of January.
Here are two letters (said Mr. L.) of Mr. Liv-
ingston, received, from their dates, after the mes-
sage of the President was sent to the House of
Representatives, on the 6th of February, and
must have reached France in March, 1835.
He did not condemn Mr. Livingston for com-
municating to his Government his honest opin-
ions. But for what purpose, he asked, was the
letter published ? Was it for any other conceiv-
able purpose, than to justify the language used in
the President's message ? He would ask if the
French Ministry would not look into those let-
ters and documents, and compare them together?
France was at the time, if it was not now, torn
with party dissensions at home. Mr. L. men-
tioned the Bonapartists and other divisions of
parties that existed in France, and the embarrass-
ing situation of the Ministry. A simple law,
proposing the payment of our claim, (said he,)
is before the Chamber of Deputies. A member
rises in his place, and proposed as an amendment
to it, that an explanation shall be required of the
President; and what could they do? If they op-
posed it, the Ministry would be charged with a
want of a due sense of patriotism and national
honor. The King knows that the decision of our
Government sought for the payment of it, and
yet he cannot make the payment without the
consent of the Deputies.
Mr. Livingston expects there was a motive for
delay, while he himself desired a message of the
kind. He (Mr. Livingston) advised that the
Presidentof the United States should, by a strong
Message, aid them (the Ministry) in obtaining
the necessary vote of the Deputies. What would
be the effect upon the Chamber of Deputies of
such a traitorous effort to force them into a com-
pliance ? The eourse pursued by France in this
matter was to preserve her own standing at home,
and not with a view to embarrass the relation
between that Government and ours.
Mr. L. alluded to another letter of Mr. Liv-
ingston, and also to the letter of the Due de Brog-
lie to Mr. Pageot, treating of the temper of the
French people, and of the necessity of prudence
and caution on the part of the Government. The
first notice of the requirement of an explanation
on the part of the French Government, he (Mr.
L.) saw in a New York newspaper. The next
was in the Government paper of this city. This
paper had published it as asking, an apology.
He (Mr. L.) had some little distrust as to the
translations given us, and pointed out the variety
of significations of French words, to show that
translations of the French language required
great skill. He, for one, was at once satisfied,
if the views taken of the explanation which he
saw in the Government organ (the Globe) was
relied on as characterizing the proviso as an
apology to be given, there were little hopes of an
amicable adjustment—he know there would be
none. The Count de Rigny had said that the
President would have   to take the  initiative.
When he (Mr. L.) saw the letter, he gave up all
hopes of an adjustment.
The French Government, however, had thought
bettor of the matter, and had in fact taken it ui?on
itself to make the initiative step in a letter from
the French Prime Minister to Mr. Pagoot, and
had given an opportunity to our Government,
through our Charge d'Affaires in France, or to
their Charge d'Affaires here, to make the neces-
sary explanation. This letter had shown a pacific
disposition on the part of France, and no one
would doubt that it sought to eschew war.
He (Mr. L.) had had several conversations with
several gentlemen of both parties; and, although
he differed in political questions with those who
were friendly to this Administration, yet he be-
lieved he enjoyed their personal friendship. He
had heard the views of a number of them as to
the terms of an explanation—as to how far the
President should go. In reply, he (Mr. L.) had
said to them, that he could not see how it could
impair the honor or dignity of any Goverment
to ask the precise thing wanted. We now, in a
letter of the Due de Broglie to Mr. Barton, had
what was wanted—an official written communi-
cation, unaccompanied with the polemical matter
with which it was associated in Mr. Livingston's
letter.
The construction the President had put upon
that letter was, that France demanded an apology,
and had dictated the terms in which it should be
made. No, sir, (said Mr. L.,) it does not dictate
the terms. No precise terms were prescribed.
This construction had embroiled us in further
difficulties. He believed the French Ministry
designed by it (the explanation) to promote peace.
Does not the President now, said he, come for-
ward and virtually say he is willing to make the
explanation ? It was, therefore, a question as to
a mere matter of form in which the explanation
was to be made.
Mr. L. spoke of the frivolous pretexts upon
which war had been waged by different nations;
and that Charles XII had waged a war because
there was said to be a picture of an offensive
character hung up in a particular place in Ger-
many. The President was willing to make the
communication in a particular way—in a message
to Congress; but he (Mr. L.) thought it better,
so far as dignity was concerned, to let the Secre-
tary of State of this Government make the ex-
planation in a communication directly to the
French Minister,thanthatit shouldenterasolemn
message of the President to Congress. He looked
upon the whole controversy as being a mere mat-
ter of form. He remembered no instance in
which the truth of the expression was more
clearly evinced which he had met with in some
author, whose name he did not now recollect,
that " words were things."
Mr. L. controverted Mr. Livingston's position,
that the communications between the President
and Congress were like the family councils of the
official authorities in France. Their family coun-*
cils were secret; the President's communications
with Congress were public. He said it was ad-
mitted that, if the President had come out in a
proclamation affecting France, we would be re-
sponsible to that Power. In his opinion we were
not less so on a message to Congress. There
was no reason, founded in good sense or in good
manners, to prohibit the explanation, except the
manner of putting a few words in form. We
were quarreling about matters of form with
France, our national ally, whose commerce was
worth to us, and ours to her, more than the com-
merce of all the world beside, with the exception
of one nation. If Solomon lived at this day, he
would surely say there is something new under
the sun.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had read
from French papers extracts from speeches in the
Chamber of Deputies of an exciting character,
and had taken a course calculated to reflect cen-
sure upon the conduct of the French King and
Ministry. These petty jars being kept up, were
illy calculated to accomplish the object of peace.
It was said that wars did not originate so much
from intercourse between the belligerent nations
themselves as from the domestic belligerent par-
ties in those nations at home.   He did not believe
