1836.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
24th Conc....1st Sess.
Portsmouth JSavy-Yard—Mr. Smith.
Ha. of Reps.
we ought to persist in this measure of hostilities
merely for the sake of having the particular di-
rection of the surplus revenue. If we had no
such surplus revenue, which had unfortunately
accumulated on our hands to a large amount,
there would be no such strife or indications of
war.
He alluded to publications in the Globe in re-
gard to the acceptance of the mediation of Eng-
land. The President had stated with precision
the terms on which it was accepted. He (Mr.
L.) believed, that when that acceptance, with its
reservations, is seen in France, it would be con-
sidered as an additional cause of offense. If there
was any freedom in the French press, though
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
thought there was not, we might expect to see
the publication of this message of yesterday, on
its arrival in France, accompanied with a para-
graph, stating that it was an additional insult.
He thought it increased the difficulties, and that
the prospect of a war was greater than was im-
agined. The issue now made up between the
two Governments seemed to be leading directly
to a war! In this view of the matter, he was
prepared to vote for appropriations for the
national defense. But he was, nevertheless, not
going to vote in the dark, nor was he going to
make out a statement for himself of the amount
necessary for each object—that was a matter for
the proper Department to do. Mr. L. went into
a statement to show the limits of the amount
that could be judiciously expended for certain
objects in one season.
Mr. L. went into an argument at some length
in support of the vote he gave against the $3,000,000
appropriation of last session, which he said he
had given^ under a belief entertained then, and
now, that it was unconstitutional, and not from
any distrust in the President, and concluded by
wishing to God that Ha (the Supreme Being)
would put it into the hearts of them all to avoid
these unpleasant controversies* He (Mr. L.)
aimed only at a faithful discharge of his duty,
and only wished to have an acknowledgment
of it.
PORTSMOUTH NAVY-YARD.
BEMABKS OF HON. F. O. J. SMITH,
OF MAIICE,
br the House or R£raxsEim.Tivx«(
Ftbmmry 10,1836,
Ib the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the N«vat Appropriation BiH being under consideration,
with the motion of Mr. Scu, of Tennessee, to redare
the Item of (76,000 to $33,508, for the construction of
timber-shed, mast-house, dork, and necessary repairs at
«he Navy-Yard at Portsmouth, Kew Hampshire.
Mr. SMITH said, there were two features in
the remarks of the honorable member from Ver-
mont [Mr. Everett] which excited his special
admiration. I ajlude now, sir, to his profound
love of economy in the expenditure of the public
money, and to his frankness in avowing the ulti-
mate purpose which he had in view in opposing
the particular appropriation now before the com-
mittee, for the navy-yard at Portsmouth.
But, sir, it has often fallen under the observa-
tion of most men, that those who set up for great
economists in the abstract, are not always the
most economical in fact, when they come to the
application or practice of what they call economy.
And I believe (said Mr. S.) that this remark will
be found particularly true in relation to that class
of expenditures of the public money to which
the honorable «ember from Vermont has ever
been foremost in giving bis most liberal support.
But of this by and by.
The gentleman from Vermont avows his ob-
ject in opposing this item in the bill for the
Portsmouth navy-yard to be, not simply to de-
feat this appropriation, but to discontinue and
abolish the yard at Portsmouth entirely. And
what, sir, are his reasons for opposing the ap-
propriation itself? Why, the first reason with
which he sets out cannot but illustrate to every
member of this committee  most satisfactorily,
that the gentleman has taken but a one-sided
No. 6
view of the subject—that he looks but one way
in relation to it. He says there is no necessity
for building up and keeping in repair the yard at
Portsmouth, because within sixty railes west-
wardly—thatis,at Charlestown,Massachusetts—
the Government has an extensive navy-yard and
depot. Why, sir, if the gentleman had but looked
in the other direction he would have at once seen
a distance of three hundred miles of sea-coast,
upon the east of Portsmouth, where not a single
dollar of naval preparation has been made by the
Government for the defense of the country against
any enemy. If it be an argument against the
continued existence of the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth that another yard is supported within
sixty miles on the west of it, as it is not a much
stronger argument in favor of its continuance at
Portsmouth, that no other navy-yard or depot
has been provided by Government for the wide
distance of three hundred miles on the east of it ?
If it be true, sir, that the absence of all naval
preparation by the Government through the
whole extent east of Portsmouth is the result of
necessity, and from the want of suitable waters
for the purpose on that sea-coast, or that it is the
result of other sufficient causes, it is equally ob-
vious that the nearest point that you can approach
to that unprotected coast, is the most suitable
point for such a provision of Government as is in
question. With this understanding of localities,
no gentleman, as it seems to me, should think of
discontinuing the navy-yard at Portsmouth, under
any circumstances.
But the gentleman from Vermont urges other
reasons in opposition to this appropriation, and
perhaps they are equally cogent with that to
which I have just adverted. He says the appro-
priation ought not to be made, because the Gov-
ernment has appropriated, or is about appropri-
ating, some million or more of dollars to erect a
custom-house in the city of New York; and be-
cause, forsooth, the Government appropriated
some considerable amount, I know not how
much, but probably an extravagant sum, to con-
struct a bridge across the Potomac river. Sir,
there is no doubt a very striking connection be-
tween these subjects and the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth in the mind of the gentleman from Ver-
j mont, although I confess I am totally unable to
perceive it.     _____
Mr. EVERETT asked leave to explain. He
said, the gentleman from Maine had misunder-
stood his remarks; that he alluded to the ex-
?' enditures relative to the custom-house at New
ork, and the Potomac bridge, as cases of pro-
ceeding in large expenditure without sufficient
information and data in the outset. The same
objections, said he, applies to the appropriation
now proposed at Portsmouth. We want evi-
dence of its necessity.
Mr. SMITH proceeded. I am happy to take
the explanation of the gentleman. But how is
his argument relieved by it ? Have we not evi-
dence before us of the necessity and propriety of
this appropriation ? The honorable member from
Massachusetts [Mr. Lincoln] has already ad-
verted to the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Navy upon the subject, and also to that of
the Board of Navy Commissioners. Yet another
document from the Board pf Navy Commissioners
pronounces, in so many words, this class of works,
at the navy-yards mentioned in the document, in-
cluding the one at Portsmouth, as among the "mojf
important" of the Government's works. Besides
these recommendations from the Board of Navy
Commissioners, backed by the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Navy, Vou hare also the
report of a committee of this House, reiterating
the same recommendation. And yet the gentle-
man says we have no information—we have riot
sufficient information to show the propriety of this
appropriation! Why, sir, what other ínformatioé
would the gentleman have, than this accumula-
tion of it in the printed documents upon liis table j
and from the appropriate sources ? He says it is
impossible for all the members of the House to
understand the necessity of the work. But, sir,
it is not impossible, if he will but make the effort.
If he be not negligent of the opportunity given hint
to tinderstanditT or bttnded try prejudice against
ievsfyTeccrmmendition that emanates front  e
heads of Departments, he can fully understand the
propriety of every recommendation made. If he
suspects their propriety or expediency, and the
recommendations of the appiopriate officeis, he
can, at very little trouble, possess himself of their
whole merits; and unless he chooses to do this,
with all due respect to the gentleman from Ver-
mont be it said, he cannot, with propriety, com-
plain or object that he has not sufficient authority
for the appropriation.
I maintain, Mr. Chairman, that we have all the
necessary information to not only justify, but to
require, this appropriation. We have all that is
usual, and all that ought to be desired, unless we
are also actuated by the ulterior purpose avowed
by the gentleman from Vermont, of destroying
and abolishing entirely the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth—a purpose which I apprehend very few
members' of this committee are disposed to enter-
tain. Look at the question in point of economy,
and how will tlie case stand ? Is it not good econ-
omy to construct sheds and docks at our navy-
yards, to preserve the property of the Govern-
ment that necessarily accumulates there? The
gentleman from Vermont is himself, I believe, an
agriculturist, or, if not, the region he represents
upon this floor is made up of agriculturists. I
would ask him, what would be—what must be his
opinion of the individual, who is in the manage-
ment of an extensive farm, requiring an extensive
body of implements and materials, and who totally1
neglects to make preparation of suitable sheds and
buildings for the protection and preservation of
them from the elements that destroy them—from
rain, snow, dampness, and decay? Would you,
sir—would that gentleman pronounce such a man
a good husbandman, a prudent agriculturist?
Would he say such a man was practicing upon
principles of economy ? It cannot be. Well, sir,
apply the same reasoning to your Government.
It necessarily engages an extensive navy; it must
maintain naval depots at different points. Vast
amounts of property, in a wrought and in an un-
wrought condition, are necessarily accumulated
there. And is it not economy in the Government
to construct, at such points, the sheds and docks
by which alone we can hope to preserve the prop-
erty thus accumulated from the action of the ele-
ments that destroy it, that it may be ready for
the service of the Government on any emergency?
It would be neglect and waste not to make such
preparation.
The question that alone remains is, are the ap-
propriations proposed—$ 18,000 for timber-sheds,
$25,000 for mast and boat-house, $20,000 for a
timber-dock, and $4,000forrepairs—proportioned
to the character of the works needed ? The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Lincoln] has
well said, that before objection be made to these
propositions, regard ought to be had to the nature
of the works designed. They are proposed to be
permanent and durable works, and not to be con-
structed of materials and after the fashion of many
of that class of works for which the honorable
member from Vermont has invariably voted most
liberally to support—works of internal improve/
ment, in harbors and navies, of which first parts
constructed have actually, in numerous instances,
fallen into decay and ruin before the other parts
were completed. It is not such a kind of econo-
my as the gentleman's favorite works have been
conducted upon, that is designed to be applied in
the construction of the navy building at Ports-
mouth. The works are to be' permanent ana
durable—wf lasting materials; and if they should
cost more in the outset, they are designed tó bs
cheapest in the result.
■Bat, sir, ye hear the cry erf war soundett upon
this sttbje'ct; ahd with what view 1 can scarcely
conceive. War; and war measures, and Mar ap-
(rropriations, appear to have, in the estimation of
Boine gentlemen, an intimate connection w th
almost «very proposition that comes before the
House at the present session, Noproposinon,
however trivial—no appropriation,hpwever swan
—comes up, which does not seem to partake of
war in some way. Thjs panic appears to be
very much bf the character with that which per-
vaded the British nation sübsequeni to the French
revolution. NTothing couM oecurthere; nothing
cotÜd bépropoSeó! atidl out of common «ourse.
