82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Slade.
Ho. of Re
ps.
either in public or private circles, though it were
that a letter was discovered to have two seals in-
stead of one, which did not excite alarm at once,
as partaking m some way of French influence, or
having some connection with the French revolu-
tion .' Sir, I see no war measure in the proposed
appropriations for the navy-yard at Portsmouth.
It is a work of eeonomv, of expediency, and of
necessity. The idea of rejecting it with a view
of discontinuing the navy-yard at that place can-
not, I trust, influence any considerable portion
of this committee. It would be, in my estima-
tion, the extreme of folly in the Government to
forego the privileges which that yard combines:
the facilities which that harbor furnishes for ship-
building. In no place of the Union is ship-building
earned on with higher reputation than at Ports-
mouth. The best, or among the best, vessels
that float upon the ocean were constructed at
Portsmouth. And the facilities of the Govern-
ment for the purposes of a navy-yard of certain
magnitude at Portsmouth are unsurpassed at any
point of our sea-coast, from one end to the other
of the Union. And I trust that the item of the
bill now before the committee will not be stricken
out with a view to delay the construction of the
necessary buildings, and, much less, with a view
to discontinue the navv-yard at Portsmouth. It
would not only be bad economy to do so, but a
direct and serious injury to the public service.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM SLADE,
of vermont,
In the House of Representatives,
December 23, 1835.
The question being that depending from yesterday on the
motion of Mr. Pitton, for reconsideration of the vote
referring a Petition to abolish slavery and the slave trade
within the District of Columbia, to the Committee for the
District—
Mr. SLADE said, he had been charged by a
large and respectable portion of his constituents
with the duty of presenting memorials of similar
import to that under discussion; and for that
reason, if for no other, he felt bound to ask the
indulgence of the House to a few remarks.
He approached the subject, he said, with an
oppressive sense of its magnitude, and, knowing
its exciting character, of the great danger of being
betrayed, in the progress of its discussion, into
a state of feeling unsuited to the place and the
occasion. It was a subject on which he, as well
as his constituents, felt most deeply; and he could
neither represent their feelings, nor express his
own, without a plainness and directness which
might give offense. He begged gentlemen to
believe, however, that he should say nothing
intended to give the slightest personal offense to
any, though he should, without fear of any, vin-
dicate the petitioners, and assert the claims of
those in whose behalf they plead. He regretted
to hear the memorialists spoken of in debate as
intruders, and their respectful petitions upon a
subject of great national importance treated as a
vexatious intermeddling with concerns in which
they have no interest. Gentlemen must have
patience. These petitioners, as far as he was
acquainted with them, were among the most intel-
ligent and respectable of the community in which
they reside; while the subject of the petitions
was one of which it will become them to speak,
and the Congress of the United States to hear.
The great purpose (said Mr. S.) of most of
those wno have hitherto spoken upon this sub-
ject, seems to be to get rid of the petitions. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Beardsley,]
wishes to have them all laid on the table, as fast
as presented, and "nailed " there; and yet he is
exceedingly regardful of the " sacred right of
petitioning," which must on no account, what-
ever, be impaired! The gentlemen from South
Carolina fMessrs. Hammond, Pickens, and
Thompson] are most consistent. They profess
to regard the petitions as disrespectful, and the
Setitionera aa officious meddlers with that which
oes not concern them.   They, therefore, would
have the petitions rejected. There is, in this,
the merit, at least, of consistency, and the gen-
tlemen have my thanks for evincing a disposition
to meet the question fairly. Another gentleman,
my honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] would have the petitions committed to
the Committee for the District of Columbia; in
other words, to use his own significant, and in
this case, appropriate language—to have them
consigned to the "family vault of all the Capu-
lets;" and yet he, too, is jealous of the "sacred
right" of petition! The sacred right of peti-
tion—that is to say, the "sacred right" of being
"nailed to the table," by the gentleman from
New York, or the "sacred right" of being gath-
ered by the gentleman from Massachusetts into
the "family vault of all the Capulets!"
Sir, the petitioners well understand the nature
of both these rights. The last they have long
enjoyed, and desire to enjoy it no longer. They
want the aciion of Congress on the subject, which,
judging from the past, they are sure now to have,
if it is to depend upon the decisive action of the
Committee for the District of Columbia. I intend
no disrespect to that committee. To continue to
do what has been done—that is, to do nothing—
would follow, of course, a commitment to them,
with an express understanding that the petitions
were consigned to the tomb, without the hope of
a resurrection.
I, sir, (said Mr. S.,) am in favor of the prayer
of the petitioners. I believe that Congress has a
right to legislate on this subject, and that the time
has come when it ought to legislate. Something
has been suggested with regard to political objects
connected with the presenting of these petitions.
Sir, I have no such object, nor do I believe that
any such purpose exists in the minds of the pe-
titioners. They are moved by a spirit of phi-
lanthropy, and deprecate the mingling of any
consideration with this question which may tend
to divert attention from its real merits.
Gentlemen, I regret to say, seem willing to
overlook the real object of the petitioners, and to
go off into denunciations of " Abolitionists," to
the end that the odium which has been attached
to their measures for effecting the abolition of
slavery in the States may be transferred to the
exercise of an acknowledged right of asking Con-
gress to abolish it in this District. But what do
the petitioners ask at our hands? Why, sir,
simply that measures may be taken to put an
end to slavery here, and especially that here,
where the flag of freedom floats over the Capitol
of this great Republic, and where the authority
of that Republic is supreme, the trade in human
flesh may be abolished. These are the questions
which gentlemen are called on to meet, but which
they do not meet, either by calling the petitioners
"ignorant fanatics," or denouncing them as
" murderers and incendiaries." If, in the fervor
of their philanthropy, any have adopted measures
of more than doubtful expediency, for the pur-
pose of acting on the public sentiment in the
slave States in favor of immediate emancipation,
it surely furnishes no reason why we should
obstinately shut our eyes to the evils which are
i within our control, and which call loudly for our
/ interposition.
'• |     I have said, sir, that I am in favor of the prayer
11 of the petitioners.   Let me not be misunderstood.
;j The abolition of slavery which I would advocate
!; is a gradual abolition.    1 believe the immediate
i and unqualified abolition of slavery to be incon-
i sistent with a just regard, both to the best inter-
i ests of the community, and the highest welfare
of the slave.    The philanthropy which aims at
such an abolition, whatever I may think of its
purity, I cannot commend for its intelligence or
j discretion.    But though I would have abolition
I advance by a gradual progress towards its final
consummation, I would  nave the work begin
' immediately.   Sir, I cannot stand here as a free-
I man, without declaring, in the face of this House,
i and of the world, that the right to hold men as
goods and chattels, subject to sale and transfer,
at the will of a master, should cease, and be dis-
continued instantly and forever.
But while I say this, I would not render worse
the condition of the slave, by conferring upon
him rights which he is not fitted to enjoy, and
which would become to him a curse, rather than
a blessing. I would not, at once, entirely eman-
cipate him from the control of his master. But
it should not be, as now, an arbitrary, unquali-
fied control. For that control I would substitute
the authority of law, which should be supreme.
In saying this, sir, I do but carry out a principle
which has long been dear to mo as an anti-mason.
I have maintained, and still maintain, and shall
continue to maintain as a cardinal principle in my
political creed, that in opposition to all individual
and all associated, self-constituted authority, the
laws should be maintained in full and uncon-
trolled supremacy. There is no being entitled to
the appellation of man, who should not find shelter
under the a-gis of their broad and ample protec-
tion. In applying this principle to the case of
the slave, however, I would not confer upon him
the same rights which are possessed by his master;
and for the obvious reason that he is not fitted
to enjoy them. But I would place him under the
supervision of laws made for his special benefit,
and adapted to his new condition—laws which
should essentially qualify the control of the master
over him—laws which should protect him in all
the rights which he is fitted to enjoy, and pre-
pare him for the enjoyment of those to which it
would be but a suicidal philanthropy immediately
to admit him. Sir, we owe it to this degraded
race of men to prepare them for freedom; to com-
municate to them moral, and religious, and liter-
ary instruction; to restore and protect the domestic
relations among them; to teach them the duties
which they owe to God, and to us, and to one
another; and to build upon the foundation of a
conscious responsibility to the government of
Heaven, and the authority of righteous human
laws, a social structure which it shall be our
glory to rear, and their highest earthly happiness
to enjoy.
But, Mr. Speaker, while I thus repudiate the
doctrine of the immediate and unqualified aboli-
tion of slavery, I maintain the duty of immediately
and absolutely abolishing the slave trade within the
limits of this District. And here I come to a part
of the subject which gentlemen do not choose to
approach, but manifestly desire to avoid. In this
I commend their prudence. The slave trade is
an evil for which thev well know there is no
defense and no palliation. I regret, sir, that I
have not the means of ascertaining its extent and
character within this District. But the fact that
I have no such means furnishes a strong argu-
ment for referring the petitions to a select com-
mittee, raised for the purpose of going into a full
investigation, and making a full report of the
facts connected with this traffic. I can, at pres-
ent, only say, I am well assured that the trade is
actively carried on in the cities of Washington
and Alexandria,* especially in the latter, where
is a large receptacle for the securing of slaves
purchased in this District and the surrounding
country; from which they are, from time to time,
shipped to supply the markets in the southern
and southwestern ports of the United States. I
need not say that what is usually connected with
the slave trade elsewhere is connected with it
here—the forced and final separation of parents
and children, of brothers and sisters, of husbands
, and wives—the utter annihilation of all the en-
dearing relations of human life, and substitution
* The following advertisements appear dairy in the prin-
¡ cipal newspapers in this city:
!          " CASH FOR TWO HUNDRED NEGROES,
Including both sexes, from twelve to twenty-five years of
age. Persons having servants to dispose of will find it to
their interest to give me a call, as I will give higher prices,
in cash, than any other purchaser who is now in this mar-
ket. I can at all times be found at the Mechanics' Hall,
now kept by B. O. Sheckle, and formerly kept by Isaac
Beers, on Seventh street, a few doors below Lloyd's tavern,
opposite the Center market. Ail communications promptly
attended to.
"JAMES BIRCH,
« dec 4—dtf                                      Washington city."
"CASH FOR FIVE HUNDRED NEGROES,
Including both «exes, from twelve to twenty-five years of
age.   Persons having likely servants to dispose of will find
it to their interest to give us a call, as we will give higher
prices, in cash, than any other purchaser who is now or
may hereafter come into market.                        ___, _,
"FRANKLIN k. ABMFIELD.
"Alexandria, April 6-d&tw."
