1835.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
24th Cong....1st Sess.
.Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Slade.
Ho. of Heps.
of the single relation which property bears to its
absolute proprietor.
Sir, shall this trade in human flesh be per-
mitted to continue in the very heart of this Re-
public ? Shall the law remain upon our statute-
book, which solemnly pronounces the citizen of
the United States who is found engaged in the
slave trade upon the high seas "a pirate," and
dooms him to "suffer death," while here, insight
of this very Capitol, the same trade is carried on
with impunity? Shall our citizens who make
merchandise of men upon the ocean be hunted
as outlaws, while here the same offenders against
the human race are suffered to pursue the guilty
traffic unmolested? Sir, this subject demands a
searching investigation. Will gentlemen deny
such investigation? Shall the petitions which
ask for it be " nailed to the table," or «* buried
in the tomb of all the Capulets?" I trust they
-will not be thus disposed of, and that no fear of i
"excitement" will deter us from probing the
subject to the bottom and administering a prompt
and effectual remedy.
I have, Mr. Speaker, spoken plainly and de-
cidedly, because it is due to the people whom I
have the honor to represent that I should thus
speak. It seems to me, sir, that the sentiments
of the people of the North are not fairly under-
stood here on this subject.                                   .
An honorable gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Pierce] has said that not one in five hun-
dred of his constituents were in favor of the
object ofthese petitions; and other gentlemen have
been understood to assert that the great mass of
the northern people are opposed to any action of
Congress upon the subject. To sustain this view
of the matter, the resolutions of public measures
at the North, disapproving certain measures of
the Abolitionists, have been adverted to. I am
well aware, sir, of the import of these resolu-
tions, and think I understand something of the
nature of that public sentiment which they in-
dicate. And I must be permitted to say that I
believe gentlemen are much mistaken in suppos-
ing that they furnish evidence that the general
sentiment at the North is opposed to the favor- I
•hie action of Congress upon the memorials which i
•re now on your table. No, sir; the meetings
Which adopted the resolutions in question were j
fot up with no reference to this subject. What
are the facts ? The southern country had been
suddenly flooded from the North with anti-slav-
ery publications; and northern meetings were, j
thereupon, convened to disavow a participation
in the obnoxious measure, and to express their
disapprobation of it. This they did, indeed, in
strong, decided language. But let not gentlemen
mistake the import of all this. It was the meas-
ure to which I have alluded which brought into
•xistence these meetings, and it was this against
which their proceedings were mainly directed.
The question of the abolition of slavery and the
«lave trade in this District was not agitated. It
i« not so much as alluded to in the resolutions of
the Philadelphia, New York, or Boston meetings;
tut tife doctrine of immediate abolition, and the
'• extravagant proceedings" (to use the language
cf the New York resolutions) of the Abolition-
ists, constitute the burden of them all.
Sir, there are very many of those who are dis-
posed to press upon Congress the duty of granting
the prayer of these petitions, who did not and do
not approve the views and measures to which I
have adverted; and it is due to frankness to say,
sir, that I am among that number. I have never
been able to perceive the expediency or propriety
of attempting to inundate the South with even un-
exceptionable publications on this subject, much
less those having a direct tendency to excite the
passions of the slave, and tempt him to force the
bandage which it is not for him to break, but for
o hers to unloose. I admire, indeed the purity
of the philanthropy which seeks to abolish the
kstitufion of slavery, and elevate the degraded
children of Africa from the condition of property
to the privileges of men-, but I deplore its often
misdirected zeal, and^eprecat  the reaction which
it is calculated to produce. The abolition of
slavery in the States must be their own work.
To convince them that the whole system is ruin-
ous and wrong is rot the labor cf a day or year.
All the questions connected with this subject are
eminently practical questions, and nothing can be
more obvious than the danger of failing to ac-
complish anything by a premature effort to ac-
complish at once all that an ardent philanthropy
may desire.
I have said that the public sentiment at the
North is not_ understood on this subject. I be-
lieve, sir, it is greatly misunderstood. A large
majority of the people are opposed to certain views
ana measures connected with the proposed abo-
lition of slavery in the States; but they entertain,
at the same time, an irreconcilable aversion to
the institution of slavery in all its forms. The
most conclusive evidence of this is furnished in
all the proceedings at the North which have been
adverted to in this debate; as an index of public
sentiment there. Thus, the preamble to the Bos-
ton resolutions declares—" We hold the truth to
' be indisputable, that the condition of slavery
1 finds no advocates among our citizens. Our laws
1 do not authorize it; our principles revolt against
'it; our citizens will not tolerate its existence
'among them."
This, sir, expresses, I believe, the universal
sentiment at the North on the subject. It is a
sentiment which is not the production of a momen-
tary excitement, but is deeply seated in the sober
and settled convictions of the public mind. And,
sir, let me assure gentlemen that no expressions
of disapprobation in regard to the measures of
«' AboUtionists," or doubts as to the practicabil-
ity of immediate emancipation, are to be taken as
evidence that the "principles" of the northern
people have ceased to "revolt against" slavery;
or that they will not avail themselves of every
suitable occasion to discuss it as well as of all
reasonable and constitutional means of remedying
the evil. The slavery of the States they know
they cannot reach but by moral influencei and
that influence they think can be made most effect-
ual through kind and respectful, though earnest
and urgent appeals to the southern interest and the
southern conscience. But slavery kere, they re-
gard as within the competency of national legis-
lation, and hold themselves, in common with the
whole country, directly responsible for its con-
tinuance. And I need hardly say that there is a
very general desire that measures may be imme-
diately taken, looking to its final abolition; and
especially that what has, by almost the whole
civilized world, come to be accounted piracy upon
the high seas, shall no longer be suffered to go
unpunished and unmolested in the capital of this
Republic.
The venerable member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] has said, and said truly, that oppo-
sition to slavery is, with the people of the North,
a religious principle. An honorable gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Jokes] replies by asking,
with emphasis, whether it is the religion of the
Savior of men? Sir, I did not expect to hear
such a question-seriously propounded here. I
was not prepared for an intimation that that re-
ligion justified the holding of human beings as
property. Why, sir, what is the great leading
moral precept put forth by that Savior, whose
name is thus invoked to sanction the practice of
slavery ?
" All things whatsoever ye would that men
should do unto you, do ye even so to them."
Sir, I will attempt no commentary on this pre-
cept. It needs none. I will only say that it con-
tains the seminal principle of the pure and elevated
morality of the Christian system—a morality so
congenial with the spirit, and so constantly en-
forced by the example of its Divine Author while
upon earth.
Now, sir, let gentlemen show me that Africans
are not "men,''and I will give up the argument.
But, until this is done—until the declaration is
blotted from the Book of Revelations, that "God
hath made- of one blood all nations of men, to
dwell on all the face of the earth;'' and until this
great truth ceases to find a response in every hu-
man bosom, shall slavery stand rebuked by this
all comprehensive and sublime precept of the Sa-
vior of man.
But, sir, the religion which contains this pre-
cept also enjoins submission, to the "powers
that be."   The same mouth which uttered it
said, " render under Caesar the things which are
Caesar's "—a precept coincident with that which
exhorts—" servants, be obedient to your own
masters; not answering again; not purloining,
but showing all good fidelity." The Savior
made it no part of his business, while upon earth,
to subvert the existing order of things, or to pre-
scribe specific regulations for the administration
of civil government. But he came to redeem men
from sin—to write the law of love upon their
hearts—to establish principles and proclaim pre-
cepts, before whose searching and all-pervading
influence the time-honored systems of injustice
and oppression shall melt away.
Permit me now, Mr. Speaker, to examine, for
a few moments, some of the objections which are
urged against the legislation of Congress on this
subject.
We are told, in the first place, that this is a
question which concerns exclusively the people
of this District; that the petitioners have no in-
terest in it, and have no more right to ask Con-
gress to abolish slavery here, than they have to
petition the Legislature of Virginia to abolish it
within her limits.
Sir, the people who have signed these petitions
regard themselves as citizens, not only of the par-
ticular States in which they reside, but qf the Rt-
Ítublic. Every interest within the scope of the
egislation of Congress is their interest. Every
thing which concerns this territory concerns them;
its police; the value and security of the public
property within its limits; and the safety of the
representative bodies annually assembled here.
This is the growing capital of a great Republic
What may be the absolute or relative increase of
its slave population, or how much it may effect
the future condition of this District, cannot easily
be foreseen. That population amounted, in 1830,
to more than 6,000. The time may come when
it will amount to ten times that number. And is
it of no importance to our country whether its
capital shall be surrounded by a mass of hardy,
independent freemen, ready to peril their lives in
defending it, as well as themselves, from the in-
vasion of a foreign Power, or whether it shall be
guarded by 60,000 slaves, who, instead of rally-
ing in its defense, may hail the invader as an
angel of deliverance from their bondage ? And
is not this subject invested with additional inter-
est when it is considered that the Congrtts of the
United States will be surrounded by such anamount
of such a population ? Have the petitioners, then,
as a part of the American people, no interest in
this question ?
And then, too, there is the character of the coun-
try, as it may be affected by the institutions within
the territory, where the legislative power of that
country is supreme. Is slavery tolerated in this
District? The petitioners feel themselves, in
some sense, responsible for it. Is merchandise
made of men, within sight of the Capitol in which
their Representatives, are assembled, arid on
whose summit wave the stripes and stars of free-
dom? As Americans, they .keenly feel .the re-
proach, and instinctively reach forth their hands
to wipe out the stain from the escutcheon of their
country.
But, in the second place, it is asserted thai Con-
gress has no right to legislate en this subject; that
however great may be the evil of slavery or the
slave trade within this District, it is an evil which
must be borne, since authority to remedy it is
not to be found among the powers granted in the
Constitution.
And what are the powers of Congress touching
this subject? Is it true that Congress is author-
ized to extend its legislation to the high seas,
even to the very coast of Africa, and to prohibit
the traffic in slaves, under the penalty of death,
while it is powerless to reach the same evil in the
very heart of the Republic? If the grant of
powers JBU5Í be so construed—if there is clearly
no authority by which the Government «an act
in this matter, then must we submit to the evil,
and wait an amendment of the Constitution which
shall make it consistent with itself, and save the
country from reproach.
But, sir, fortunately for the country, the Con-
stitution, through which we derive our powers,
is not thus defective.   The power to legislate
