84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Slade.
Ho. of Reps.
nnon th^ subnet i' granted, and that, not bv
r< mote implication, but in terms of obvious and
f imilnr minort Tin < ighth section ot the first
artiol- £tim i to Congrí «* lUthontv "to exercise
'eic''!** f 1 ^i-litioi). in a'l caví whatsoever, over
'mh'i Pi"tn« t i not < xcoiduu ton milts square)
ra, n,% , bv region of pari' ulir States, and the
<n Tpiini- ot Oiin" ^"¡. become the seat of
'Gov rnnient of the United States."
1 i i he firM plací, let it be observed, the power
of Coptic--*! to h<Mshto in tin*" District is erclu-
fi   1 hi re is no other mrsdietio'i, either con-
current or confining The iiinsdiction of Vir-
ginia and Al-irvhnd, from which this territory
ww aco'iircd bv cession, is as perfectly excluded
as Is! th' aut'iontv and jurisdiction of the Empe-
ror of all the Russia"!
Tlie uclunrt character of the jurisdiction being
appirent, the next question is, what is Us extent'
The answer is, in the language of the grant, that
it extends to "all casts whatsoevtr." The
framers of the Constitution could have employed
no language of more comprehensive import than
tins—"n// cases xchatsotter." But are there no
limitations to this' Certainly. The grant is
subject to the limitations which are incident to
nil legislam e power. There are many things
which no LegisHture can nghtfully do. It can-
not pass an ei post facto law. It cannot, by a
mere act of legislation, transfer the property of
one individual to another. It cannot authorize
the commission of crime. These, and buch like
limitations, exist in the present case, not because
of anything in the language of the grant, but be-
cause they are inherent, in the very nature of oil
legislative power.
Now, will it be seriously contended that the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade is em-
braced within these implied limitations of legis-
lative power > Is it not within the competency
of ordinary legislation' Have not slavery and
the slave trade been abolished by many States
of this Union; and that, not upon the ground, as
has been suggested in debate, of interest merely,
but because, when thoroughly examined, the
pretended right to hold and transfer men as prop-
erty has been found to rest on no substantial
foundation ' Indeed, the opposers of these peti-
tions themselves, by laboring as they do to derive
a prohibition to legislate on this subject from the
Constitution, and from the reservations in the
cessions of this territory, manifestly betray an
unwillingness to trust the claim to exemption l
from congressional legislation to the natural limi- I
tation of legislative power.
It is said, indeed, by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, (Mr. Wise,] that the States which have
abolished slavery "have not violated the great
4 principle of vested rights by taking slave prop-
' erty against the consent of the owners and
'without compensation;" but that they have
merely " adopted the post noti principle, and de-
clared that rights which did exist at the time
should never exist;" that is, that the issue of
slaves, born after a certain future time, should be
free. Without stopping to inquire into the cor-
rectness of this, in point of fact, but for the pur-
poses of this argument admitting it, let me ask,
what is the difference in principle between de-
f  rmng an individual of his slave by act of legis-
ation, and of the right of the issue of that slave
by the same act' Upon common principles an
absolute right to the ono as properly and neces-
sarily carries with it a right to the other; and a
farmer would resist as equal infringements of his
rights an attempt to take away his cattle, and a
claim to deprive him of their future progeny.
It would be appropriate here to go into an exam-
ination of the right which is churned to hold men
as property, and of the rightful extent of legisla-
tion on this subject; but it opens too broad a field
for the present discussion, and I will not enter it.
It thus appears that the right to legislate on the
subjects of these petitions, which is manifestly in-
cluded within the terms of the grant of power to
Congress, is not excluded by operation of the
principles which form the basis of ordinary ex-
ceptions to the power of legislation. What is
there, then, to exclude from the sweeping grant
of power to legislate " in all cases whatsoever,"
the power in question?
An honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] finds \arious grounds of implied exclu-
sion in the Constitution He says theieare cer-
tain admitted exceptions to the legislative power
of Congress in regard to this District, which he
enumeiates,and thereupon proceeds to infer, from
the fact of these exceptions, that the power in
question is also except! d.
Thus ho savs that Congress is prohibited by
the Constitution fiom suspending the writ of
habeas corjias, from passing a law respecting the
establishment of religion, and from abridging the
freedom of speech and of the press, or tÜe light
of the people tobe secure in their persons, houses,
papers, and effects, &c, and asks if these prohi-
bitions do not extend to the power of Congress
to legislate for this District> Most certainly
they do; but it is for the obvious reason that they
are unlimited in their terms, and of course neces-
sarily extend to the whole legislation of Congress.
Is there any such limitation of the power in ques-
tion > Why, when the convention was in the
act of providing limitations to the powers which
had been granted to Congress, in the eighth sec-
tion of the fiist article of the Constitution, did
they omit to limit specifically the power of legis-
lation "in all cases whatsoever," which had been
granted to Congress in reference to this District'
Again: the gentleman from Virginia says, if I
rightly understand his argument, that the pro-
vision of the Constitution, that "the citizens of
each State shall be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States,"
necessarily extends to the District of Columbia,
and that Congress must be understood to be pro-
hibited from disfranchising here the citizens of
the several States; that is, that it cannot deprive
them of the privileges of citizens of the District
whenever they come into it. It is true it cannot,
because there would be a gross and glaring ab-
surdity in securing, as the Constitution does, the
right of citizenship in each State, to citizens of
every other State, and, at the same time, deny-
ing the rights of citizenship in this District—the
common property of all the States—to the citi-
zens of those States. And, besides, the very act
of constituting this ten miles square a district of
the United States, necessarily gives to the citi-
zens of each and all the States common rights in
it; not the rights which they enjoy in their re-
spective States—as the terms in which the gentle-
man states his argument would seem to imply—
because that would constitute twenty-four differ-
ent rules of action, but the right of each resident
and sojourner here, of being protected by the
laws made for the District, and the whole Dis-
trict.
The exception, then, of a right to disfranchise
a citizen of Virginia who may come here, rests
upon a principle having no possible relation to
trie case in question.
But further: The gentleman from Virginia
says, that no person held to service or labor m a
State, under the laws thereof, escaping into this
District, can be discharged from such service or
labor, but must be delivered up to the party to
whom such service or labor may be due, and that
this constitutes an exception from the general
power to legislate " in all cases whatsoever," for
this District. I admit it does, and why > Plainly
because the Constitution having-exprés sly secured
the right to the slave owner to reclaim his slave
in any and every State of this Union, it would
be a clear evasion of it, as well as a manifest ab-
surdity, to deny him that right in a District which
is the common property of the very States with-
in which his right of reclamation is seeured by
the Constitution. The exception an this case
rests, therefore, substantially upon an express
provision of the Constitution which, by no possi-
bility of construction, can sustain the exception
m question.
Again: The Constitution provides that "no
' tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
' from any State. No preference shall be given
' by any regulation of commerce or revenue to
' the ports of one State over those of another;
' nor shall vessels bound to or from one State be
' obhged to enter, clear, or pay duties in another."
And the gentleman from Virginia contends that
this prohibition must ba regarded as extending to
the commerce and the ports of the District of
Columbia, and if so, his mfeitnce is, that an ím
plied prohibition of the abolition by Congress of
slavery and the slave trade in the States must
also be taken to extend to this District.
The first clause of the provision of the Consti-
tution just referred to, was designed to exempt
the exports of the country from taxation, and
must of necessity be taken to extend to all the
ports within it, otherwicc, the entire object of the
clause might be directly defeated. The lemannng
clauses of the provision, it will be observed, have
exclusive reference to the equality of pnvileges
of the several States, which they aim to preset ve,
by prohibiting Congress from favoring the com-
merce, or the poits, or the navigation of one at
the expense of another. This it might do, in
effect, if the ports, and commerce, and navigation
of this District might be exempted from the oper-
ation of the clauses in question. Thus, a piefer-
ence of the port of Alexandria over that of Balti-
more would disturb the equality of privilege
which the Constitution intended to preserve be-
tween Virginia and Maryland.
But what has all this to do with the subject
under discussion > The provisions with regaid
to commerce, <&x., do not specifically reach it, and
it is only, therefore, from the supposed analogy
between the implied limitation of the power of
Congress m the cases cited, and the limitation
sought to be established in the present case, that
an argument can be drawn in favor of the latter.
But where is the analogy between an implied pro-
hibition to abolish slavery in the States, and an
express prohibition of a preference of the porta
of one State over those of another State ? 1 here
is, indeed, a prohibition in both cases, but here
the analogy ceases. If this is sufficient to estab-
lish the position of gentlemen, let us see what
other positions it may establish. Upon the same
ground that Congress is prohibited from abolish-
ing slavery in the State of Virginia, for example,
it is also prohibited fiom forbidding m that State
the sale of lottery tickets, and the practice of
gambling, and the crime of kidnapping. But
could it not have enacted a prohibition of these
practices in the city of Alexandua, the moment it
was ceded to the United States' Could it not,
in fact, have rendered valueless establishments
for gaming, and receptacles for the kidnapped,
which had been erected under the sanction of the
laws of Virginia, if those laws had permitted such
practices > Would the gentleman from Virginia
have exclaimed against the invasion of vested
rights, the taking of private property for public
use without compensation >
Again: The gentleman from Virginia says, the
" local legislature of this District cannot enter
into any treaty, alliance, or confederation, grant
letters of marque and reprisal, cpin money, "&c,
and infers, if 1 understand him, that, because this
disability results, as he supposes, by implication,
from the inhibition to the States of the exercise
of these powers, therefore the assumed disability
of Congress to abolish slavery and the slave trade
in this District may, in like manner, result from
its want of power to put an end to these evils in
the States.
The whole of this argument rests on a false
supposition with regard to the source of the
inability of Congress, as a Legislature for this
District, to make treaties, grant letters of marque,
and coin money; and falls to the ground when it
is perceived that that inability results not from
the inhibition to the States of the exercise of
such powers, but from their utter inconsistency
with both the purposes for which the power to
legislate over this District was granted, and the
relation which the District evidently bears to the
Union.
The gentleman from Virginia next proceeds to
lay down the following general rules to restrain
legislation over this District:
1.  " That nothing which Congress is expressly
' prohibited by the Constitution from doing as a
' National Legislature, can it do as a local legis-
' lature for the District of Columbia.
2.  " That all the duties and obligations which
«the States are bound by the Constitution to dis-
' charge and observe, from one to the other, the
' District of Columbia, or its legislature, is bound
