1835.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONQRE9SJONAL GLOBE.
85
24th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Slade,
Hq. or Reps.
'to discharge and obeerr  towards the States
«respectively.
3. " That the local legislature of the District
•of Columbia can do no act, or pass no law,
■which the States are prohibited from doing or
«passing by the Constitution."
And how, let it be asked, do these rules affect
ihe present question ? No express prohibition to
legislate on the subject of Slate slavery is found
;n the Constitution, unless it be in the amendment
which provides that " the powers not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people." But if
Congress cannot legislate on the subject of slavery
in this District, because the right to legislate upon
it in the States is " reserved to the States," how
is it to legislate for the District at all ? The sub-
jects of every-day legislation for the District are
subjects upon which Congress has no power to
legislate for the States, and are, therefore, accord-
ing to the gentleman's argument, subjects on
which it has no right to legislate here.
And how does the gentleman's second rule
touch this subject ? Are the States bound by their
"duties and obligations" towards each other, to
refrain from abolishing slavery and the slave trade
within their respective limits ? Nobody pretends
this.
Many States have done it, and many more may
yet do it, for anything that can be found to the
contrary in the Constitution. And can any greater
evil result to any Of the slave States from the
exercise of a power by Congress to abolish sla-
very and the slave trade within the limits of this
District, than would result from the exercise, by
the States, of their admitted power of doing the
■ame thing within their limits? May not Mary-
,and, for example, if she chooses, put an end to
these evils within her limits ? And would not
-he exercise of the power be as dangerous to the
peace of the South, as would be the exercise of
the same power by Congress in regard to this
District?
And has the gentleman's third rule a more ap-
propriate application to the present question than
either of the others ? To what purpose, in refer-
ence to this argument, is it to say that Congress
ran pass no law in reference to this District
arhich the States arc prohibited from passing?
A.re the States prohibited from passing laws
abolishing slavery and the slave trade within
their respective limits ?
The gentleman from Virginia says the Consti-
tution declares that " private property shall not
be taken for public use without just compensa-
tion." Supposing this to have any application
to the present case, it only involves the inquiry,
whether slaves can be rigntfully emancipated by
legislative authority without providing a just
compensation to their masters. This touches a
question which I will not now discuss, namely:
what is the foundation of the right to the slave,
which is said to be vested in the master? Con-
gress, however, are not asked to take private
property for public use; but to free the African
from the unnatural condition of being the prop-
arty of another, to the end, not that he may be-
;omc the property of the public, but the propri-
etor of himself. But this is not all that we are
called on to do. We are asked to prohibit men
from making merchandise of their fellow-men;
from buying and selling them "to get gain."
Do gentlemen talk of a compensation to the
slave merchant for the loss of such a privilege?
Do they even touch the subject of the slave trade
within this District? Dare they do it? Are
there any " vested rights " in the way of legis-
lation on this subject? Is there any question
about " compensation " involved ?—any limita-
tion growing out of " the nature of society, and
of government," to which the gentleman from
Virginia refers ?—any express or implied infringe-
ment of the rights of the States ?—any kind of
obstacle, in short, but the want of a will in those
who have the power to put down this abomina-
ble traffic?
Having thus attempted to show that the power
of Congress to legislate on the subjects of these
petitions, obviously included in the power to "ex-
ercise exclusive legislation  in all cases what-
soever," is not restrained by any natural limit-
ations of legislative power, nor by any express
or implied limitations to be found in the Consti-
tution, the question arises .Where is the limitation
to be found for which gentlemen so earnestly
contend ? I am answered, in the acts of cession,
by which the States of Virginia and Maryland
ceded the territory which forms this District to
the United States. These acts, say gentlemen,
are conclusive upon the subject. Let us see, then,
if these States did, in making the cessions, actually
impose restrictions at variance with the plain lan-
guage of the Constitution, and whether Congress
accepted grants thus restricted.
The cession from Virginia was made by act of
the Legislature of that State, on the 3d of De-
cember, 1789, in the following words:*
" Be it enacted by the General assembly, That a tract of
country, not exceeding ten miles square, or any lesser
quantity, to be located within the limits of the State, and
in any part thereof, as Congress may, by law, direct, shall
be, and the same is hereby, forever ceded and relinquished
to the Congress and Government of the United States, in
full and absolute right, and exclusive jurisdiction, as well
of soil as of persons residing or to reside thereon, pursuant
to the tenor and effect of the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution of the Government of the United
¡ States."
I This grant, it will be perceived, transfers to the
United States " exclusive jurisdiction of soil and
persons residing or to reside thereon," and adds,
" pursuant to the tenor and effect of the eighth
section of the first article of the Constitution of
the Government of the United States;" that is,
pursuant to that part of the Constitution which,
as we have seen, expressly grants to Congress
the power " to exercise exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever." Here, then, instead of a re-
striction of the jurisdiction contemplated in the
Constitution, there is, both in direct terms and
by reference to that instrument, an express and
clear confirmation of it.
But, say gentlemen, there is a proviso which
follows this grant, that contains the limitation
contended for. Let us see. The proviso is as
follows:
" ProBided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to vest in the United States any right of property in
the soil, or to affect the rights of individuals therein, other-
wise than the same shall or may be transferred by such in-
dividuals to the United States."
Now, sir, is it not apparent, upon the slightest
inspection of this proviso, that it limited the
grant only so far as it extended to the soil, and
was designed merely to protect the rights of indi-
viduals therein—(that is, in the soil)—from the
operation of that part of the cession which grants
" the tract of country" to the United States "in
full and absolute right ?" It seems to me, indeed,
that, so far from limiting the grant in reference
to the subject-matter now under consideration,
this very proviso does, in effect, confirm it; since
an express exception of one species of right
from the operation of the grant, and one only,
would seem to imply an exclusion of all other
exceptions. It is, indeed, altogether incredible,
that the Legislature of Virginia and Maryland
should have intended to restrict the United States
States in their power over the subject of slavery,
without using language which would directly, or
by clear implication, reach the case.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] gives
additional force to this argument by asking—
"Why was the cession required? Why was
• their [the ceding States] consent to the purchase
' of places required by the Constitution, if it was
' not to give the States the power of imposing
' condition and restraint upon your legislation
' over the ceded territory?."
" The power of imposing condition and re-
straint!" Very well. If this was the purpose,
the States of Virginia and Maryland of course
understood it, and would take care to impose in
their grants all the conditions and restraints upon
the legislation of Congress which they thought
proper-, and to do it so plainly, that even the way-
faring man need not err in regard to them. Now,
where are the conditions and restraints on which
gentlemen rely? I have recited the whole; and
who will say that they embrace any restraint upon
♦The grant from Maryland was made on the J9tb of De-
cember, 1791. It is in the same language as the grant from
Virginia, and is limited by tha name proviso.
the power of Congress touching the subject under
consideration? Is not the omission, upon the
gentleman's own view of the subject, decisive of
the question?
But the gentleman, having looked into the grant,
and seeing that no such "condition and restraint"
was imposed there, seeks to find it in "the nature
of society and government in Maryland and Vir-
ginia;" which he says is "of itself/independent of
conditions expressed in the acts of cession, suffi-
cient to restrain your power of legislation over
this subject." Thus, at one moment, a cession
was provided for in the Constitution, to the end
that the ceding States might impose condition and
restraint upon the legislation of Congress; and at
the next, "the nature of society and government
in Maryland and Virginia, is of itself a sufficient
restraint," without anything expressed in the
grant.
But, Mr. Speaker, what is the condition of the
people of this District in regard to this important
subject, if the power contended for it is not granted
to Congress ? Maryland and Virginia, possess-
ing the power to abolish slavery and the slave
trade within their respective limits, had the power
of doing it within the territory which now com-
poses this District. But they possess it no longer.
This jurisdiction here is extinguished. The in-
habitants of the territory are transferred to the
United States, entirely divested of all civil juris-
diction; with no power to legislate on this or any
other subject, but subjected to " the exclusive
legislation" of Congress in " all cases whatso-
ever." However much they may, at any time,
desire to free the territory frora the curse of sla-
very and the slave trade, they are powerless. For
anything that they can do, by the force of law,
they and their children, and their children's chil-
dren, to the latest time, must be doomed to see
among them a traffic which makes merchandise
of the bodies and the souls of their fellow-men;
which marches through their streets, chained to-
gether, companies of human beings destined to
the slave-prison and the slave-ship; and which
agonizes their moral sensibilities by a severance
of all the ties which bind man to his fellow-man
in the most valued and endeared relation of hu-
man life.
I have thus shown that the power given to Con-
gress over this subject, by the general grant in
the Constitution, is affected, neither by the nat-
ural limitations to the exercise of legislative
power, nor by any limitation, express or implied,
in the Constitution itself, nor by any contained
in the cessions of this territory by the States of
Maryland and Virginia.
But the petitioners are here met with another
objection to granting the prayer of these petitions.
It is made a question of public safety. To begin
the work of abolishing slavery, and to banish the
detestable traffic in human flesh from this Dis-
trict, will, we are told, tend to excite a spirit of
insurrection in the southern States; and gentle-
men give full rein to their imagination in depict-
ing the horrors of rape, rapine, and murder which
wul follow. I do not permit myself to doubt the
perfect sincerity of gentlemen in these gloomy
forebodings. I know they are in a position to
see what I cannot see and feel. I will not allow
myself to trifle with their views or feelings on
this subject, though I must be permitted to doubt
the correctness of the one and the justness of the
other.
And may I not well doubt? It is true I do not
profess aVery familiar acquaintance with the dis-
position of the slave population, or the probable
influence upon them of a discussion of, and action
upon, this subject. And while I would hesitate
to oppose my own individual opinion to the as-
sertions of honorable gentlemen so confidently
made, they must permit me to confront them, not
altogether with my own opinions, but with the
authority of intelligent and respectable slavehold-
ers themselves.
I hold in my hand a petition presented to this
House in the year 1828, signed by more than
eleven hundred citizens of this District, praying
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade
within its limits. It was referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and remained un-
acted on until the last session, when it was called
