86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Slade.
Ho. ov R
EPS.
up on motion of an honorable member from New
Hampshire, [Mb. Hibb^rd,] and ordered to be
punted, with the names of the signéis. I send
it to the Chair, and ask that it may be read by
theChrk.
Here Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, interposed,
and said he should object to the reading of that
and all other petitions on the subject, unless the
gentleman u«ed it as a part of his argument.
Mr. SL \DE replied that he intended so to use
it, and should lead it himself, but, being ex-
hausted, he wished it lead by the Clerk.
Mr. GARLAND withdrew las objection, and
consented to the reading, as an act of courtesy to
Mr S.
The petition was then read by the Clerk, as
follows :
" To the Honorahle the Senate and House of Representatives
of the tinted States of atactica in Congicsb assevibted:
" We, the undersigned, citizen-, ot the counties ot Wash-
ington and Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, beg
leave io call the attention ot jour honorable bodj to an
evil of serious magnitude, wind) greatly impair  the pios-
pentj and happiness ol this District, and casts the le-
proach of inconsistency upon the free institutions estab-
lished among us.
•• While the laws of the United States denounce the for-
eign slave trade as piracy, and punish with deatli those who
are lound engaged in its perpetration, there exists in this
Distnct, the seat of the National Government, a domestic
slave trade scarcely less disgracelul in its cliarictcr, and
even more demoralizing in its influence For this is not,
like the former, earned on against a barbarous nation; its
victims are reared up among the people of this country,
educated in the precepts ot the same religion, and imbued
w ith umilar domestic attachments
" These people are, without their consent, torn from their
homes; husband and wite are frequently separated and sold
into distant parts; children are taken from their parents
without regard to the ties of nature; and the moat endear-
ing bond1- ot atftction are broken forever.
'• Nor i= this traffic confined to those who .ire legally slaves
for h*e Some who are entitled to freedom, and manv who
have a limited time to serve, are sold into unconditional
slavery; and, owing to the defectiveness of our laws, they
are generally carried out of the District before the necessary
steps can be taken tor their release
" We behold these scenes continually taking place among
us, and lament our inability to prevent them The people
of this District have, within themselves, no means ot legis-
lative redress, and we, therefore, appeal to jour honorable
body, as the only one invested by the American Constitution
with the power, to relieve us.
" Nor is it only from the rapacity of slave trader  that
the colored race in this District are doomed to suffer. Even
the laws which govern us sanction and direct, m certain
cases, a procedure that we believe is unparalleled in glar-
ing injustice bvanythmg at present known among the Gov
ernments of Christendom An instance of the operation
of these laws, winch occurred during the last summer, we
w ill briefly relate:
'' A colored man, who stated that he was entitled to
freedom, was taken up as a runaway slave and lodged in
the jail of Washington city. He was advertised, but no
one appearing to claim him, he was, according to law, put
up at public auction for the payment ot his jail fees, and
sold as a slave for life' He was purchased by a slave trader,
who was not required to give security for his remaining
in the District, and he was soon alter shipped to Alexandria
lor one of the southern States. An attempt was made bv
some benevolent individuals to have the sale postponed
until his claim to freedom could be investigated, but their
efforts were unavailing; and thus was a human being sold
into perpetual bondage at the capital of the freest Govern-
ment on earth, without even a pretense of trial, or an alle-
gation of crime
" We bhish lor our country whüc we relate this disgrace
ful transaction, and we would fain conceal it from the
world, did not its very enormity inspire us with the hope
that it will rouse the philanthropist and patnot to exertion.
We have no hesitation in b-Mievmg your honorable body
never intended that this odious law should be enforced;
it was adopted with the old cod ■ of Maryland, from which,
we believe, it has b"eii expunged since the District was
ceded to the Gjii'.ral Government.
" The fart of it hay ins been so recently executed, shows
the neces-itv of this subject being investigated by a power
w Inch we confidently hope will be ready to correct it.
" We are aware of the difficulties that would attend any
attempts to relieve us from these grievances by a sudden
emancipation of the slaves in this Distnct, and we would,
therefore, be far from recommending so rash a measure
But the course pursued by many of the States of this Con-
fedaey, that have happily succeeded in relieving themselves
from a similar burden, together with the bright example
winch has been set us bv the South Ameritan Republics,
proves most conclusively that a cour&c of gradual emanci
pation, to commence at some fixed period, and to take
effee t only upon those who may thereafter be born or re-
moved into the District, might be pur-ued without detri-
ment to the present proprietors, and would greatly redound
to the prosp"ntv and honor of our country.
" The existence among us of a distinct class of people
who, bj their (ondition as slaves, are deprived ot almost
every incentive to virtue and índiistiy, and shut out from
manv of the sourcs of luht and knowledge, has an evi-
dent tendency to corrupt the morals of the people, and to
il imp the spirit of enterprix , by accustoming the rising
gc in.ration, to look with contempt upon honest labor, and to
depend for support too much upon the labor of others.     It
prevents a useful and industrious class of people from set
thng among us. by rendering the means ot subsistence more
precarious to the laboring class ot whites.
" It diminishes the resources of the community by throw
ing the earnings ot the poor into the eofters of the rich,
thus rondeimg the former dependent, servile, and improvi
dent, vv hile the latter are tt mpted to become, m the same
proportion, luxuuous and prodigal
'' That these disastrous results flow from the existence of
slavery among us, is sufficiently con-picuouswhen vvceon-
trast the languishing condition of this Di&tiiet, and the sur
rounding countrv, with the prospi i ity ot those parts of the
I moil which are less laioied in ponitof climate and loca-
tion, but blessed with a tree and indu tuous population
" We would, therefore, respectfully pnv that these griev-
ances may claim the attention ot jour honorable body, and
that a law ot Congress maj be enacted, declaring that all
children of slaves, born in the District of Columbia after
the 4th daj of Julj, 1828, shall be free at the age ot twen-
ty five jears, and that those laws which authouze the sell-
ing of supposed runaways tor their prison tees or mainte
nance may be repealed.
'•And, also, that laws maj be enacted to prevent slaves
from being removed into thisDi tnct,or biou^ht in tor sale
here or transportation; without, however, preventing mem-
bers of Congress, resident strangers, or travelers, flom
bringing and taking away with them their domestic ser-
vant  "
Mr. PATTON inquired whether the gentleman
from Vermont could inform him how many of
the signers were slaveholders'
Mr. GARLAND made a further inquiry,
whether the gentleman from Vermont knew if
thoy were all inhabitants of the District'
Mr. SLADE replied, he could not inform the
gentleman how many of the signers were slave-
holders. He personally knew some of them, and
knew them to be owners of slaves. The list of
names, some of which he read, embraced men of
all the professions and employments in the Dis-
tnct—judges, lawyers, physicians, merchants,
mechanics, and laborers.
As to the question (said Mr. S.) whether all
the signers were inhabitants of the District, I can-
not, of course, answer it. I can only say that
the petition was presented to this House seven
years ago, and has remained on file in the clerk's
office ever since, open to inspection; and that it
has been, dunngthe past year, among the pub-
lished documents of this House; and, moreover,
that it purports on its face to be a petition of in-
habitants of this District. Under these circum-
stances, I submit whether there is not a sufficient
i presumption that it is what it purports to be, to
1 put gentlemen upon proof of the contrary.
i And now, Mr. Speaker, let me entreat gentle-
men to look into this petition.   I do this the more
! earnestly, because they will find the names of
many there whom, I am persuaded, they will not
be inclined to charge either with ignorance or fa-
naticism, but on whose truth and intelligence and
judgment they may place the most confident re-
liance. They state facts which they are in a
condition to know, and advance opinions the
soundness of which is not liable to be affected by
"northern prejudices" on the subject. They
are in the midst of slavery, and understand what
it is. They have witnessed the slave trade, and
know something of its horrors; and without any
of the doubts of gentlemen in regard to the power
of Congress on this subject, and without any of
the apprehensions with regard to the effect of its
discussion upon the public peace and safety,
which has been made the subject of such glow-
ing descriptions and gloomy anticipations here
and elsewhere, they fearlessly announce the truth
in regard both to slavery and the slave trade, and
urgently appeal to Congress " as the only body
I invested   by the   American Constitution  with
1 power to relieve them."
| I submit, Mr. Speaker, whether it is not time
that these petitioners, sustained as they are by
the concurrent supplications of their northern
brethren, should   be heard  and  regarded; and
| whether the fact that eleven hundred citizens of
this District have signed the petition which had
just been read, is not a sufficient reply to the argu-
ment which has been drawn from considerations
connected with a regard to the public safety.
But further: the subject of the abolition of
slavery, it is well knoxvn, was fully debated in
the Legislature of Virginia, in the year 1832,
when the "injustice, tyranny, and oppression "
i of the slave system were openly and boldly
maintained ;* and an effort was seriously made
i     * The gentleman who opened the debate on the side of
to commence a system of abolition which should
look to the final, and not distant, extinction of
slavery in that State. And did that discussion
produce any symptoms of insurrection among
the slaves' No, sir. And why, indeed, f,hojld
it' If you, sir, xvere the oxvntr of one bundled
slaves, and should senously set about measure«
to give them the boon of freedom, do you think
that the first intimation of it would beget in them
a spirit of rebellion, and that A xvould rise m
propoition as you should advance your benevo-
lent plans towards their consummation? To sup-
Eose this, is to suppose what I xvant evidence to
clieve of the African race—that they are so lost
to gratitude as to find no inducement to its exer-
cise in such a manifestation of benevolent regaid
for them as this.
Suffer me, sir, to dwell a few moments longer
on the indications of opinion in Vnginia on this
subject, pending the agitation of the question in
the Legislature of that State. While the subject
was before a committee of the Legislature, the
editor of the Richmond Enquirer, a xvell-known
leading public journal at the seat of government
of Virginia, said:
'• It is probable, from what we hear, that the committee
on the colored population will report some plan for getting
rid of the tree people ot color. But is this all tint can be
done' Are we foiever to suffer the greatest evil which cm
scourg' our land not only to remain, but to mciea c in its
dimensions ' ' We may shut our eyes and avert our t ices
if jou please,' (writes an eloquent South Caioliman, on his
return from the North a few weeks ago,) 'but there it is,
'the dark and growing evil, at our doors; and meet the
' question we must at no distant day God onlv knows
' what it is the part of wise men to do on that momentous
'and appalling subject Of this I am veij surc, that the
' difiorcnce—nothing «hoit ot tiighuul— betwi en all thit
I ' exists on one side ot the Potomac, and all on the othc r, is
• owing to that cause alone The disease is deep seated , it
' is at the heart's core ; it is consuming, and has all along
' been consuming our vitals, and I could laugh, if I could
' laugh on such a subject, at the ignorance and lollj ot the
' politician who ascribes that to an act of the Government,
' which is the inevitable effect of the eternal lawsol nature.
' What is to be done' Oh ' my God, I don't know; but
' something must be done '
" Yes, something must be done ; and it is the part of no
honest man to deny it, of nofree press to affect to conceal
it. When this dark population is growing upon us; when
every new census is but gathenng its appalling numbers
upon us; when, within a period equal to that m winch
this Fcdeial Constitution has been in existence, tho e
numbers will increase to more than two millions within
Virginia; when our sister States are closing their áonra
upon our blacks for sale ; and vhen our nhites arc moving
ucstuardly in greater numbcis than we ¿i/.e to hear of;
when this, the fairest land on all this continent, for soil and
climate and situation combined, might become a sort of
gaidi n spot if it weie woiked by the hands of white men
alone, can uc, ou^ht nc, to sit quietly down, fold our arms,
and saj to each other,' Well, well, this rl mg will not come
to the vvoist in our daj We will leave it to our children
and our giandclnlelren and great grandctuklieii to t ike e ire
of themsclve-, and to brave the storm ' Is this to act like
wise men p Ileaven knows we are no fanatics. WTe detest
the madness which actuated the ,1mis des Nons But
something ought to be done. Mcins sure but gradual, sys-
tematic but discreet, ought to b  adopted tor reducing the
mass of evil which is piessing upon the South, and will
«till more press upon her the longei it i- put off. We ought
not to shut our eves nor avert our faces. «And though we
sp ak almost without a hope that the committee or the
Legislature will do anything, at the present session, to
meet this question, yet we say now, in the utmost sincer-
ity of our hearts, that our wisest men cannot give too much
ot their attention to this subject, nor can tliej give it too
soon "
The honorable gentleman from Virginia will
suffer me to commend this expression of senti-
ment to the deliberate attention which the high
standing and responsible position of its author,
and the peculiar circumstances under which he
wrote, eminently entitle it. Especially would I
commend to the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina the declaration of the " eloquent South
Carolinian," embodied in the article I have just
read. The able editor of the Richmond Enquner
and his eloquent correspondent both had a near
view of the evils of slavery, and describe them
abolition said: It was a truth held sacred by every Amer-
ican and by every republican throughout the w orld, and he
piesumed it could not be denied in that Hall, as a general
principle, that it is an act of injustice, tyranny, and oppres-
sion, to hold anv part of the human race in bondnse ag unst
their consent That circumstances mav exist which n ay
put it out of the power of the owm rs for a tunc to grant
their slaves liberty, he admitted to be po-sible , and it tm y
do exist in any ease, it mav excuse, but not ju tifv, tbe
ownei in holding them. The right to the enjoy ment of uu*
crtv is one of the most precious, inherent, inalienable rignu
which pertain to the whole human race, and of which they
can never be divested except bj an act ot gro-s injustice.
