1835.]                                   APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Moore.
Senate.
in a language which at once attests their sincer-
ity, and commands assent to the correctness of
their views upon this «* momentous and appalling
subject."
I will add, that the other leading paper at the
capital of Virginia, the Richmond Whig, made
about the same time the following declaration:
" We affirm, that the great mass of Virginia herself tri-
amphs that the slavery question has been agitated, and
reckons it glorious that the spirit of her sons did not shrink
from grappling with the monster. We affirm that, in the
heaviest slave districts of the State, thousands have hailed
the discussion with delight, and contemplate the distant but
ardently desired result as the supreme good which a be-
nevolent Providence could vouchsafe to their country."
Mr. Speaker, if it was •• glorious" and safe for
Virginia to «' grapple with the monster" in 1832,
is it inglorious and unsafe for the Congress of
the United States to grapple with the same mon-
ster now ?
Suffer me, Mr. Speaker, to present one more
expression of opinion on this subject. I leave
Virginia, and go over the mountains into the val-
ley of the Mississippi; and I there find the fol-
lowing recent resolution of the synod of Ken-
tucky upon the subject of emancipation:
" Raolred, That a committee of ten be appointed, to
consist of an equal number of ministers and elders, whose
business it shall be to digest and prepare a plan for the
moral and religious instruction of our blaves, and for their
future emancipation, and to report such plan to the several
presbyteries within our bounds, for their consideration and
approval."
The committee appointed under this resolution,
of whom John Brown, Esq., was chairman, and
the Rev. John C. Young, president of Danville
College, secretary, made a report, in which,
among other things, they say:
" 1. A part of our system of slavery consistí in depriving
human beings of the right to acquire property. 2. The de-
privation of personal liberty forma another part of our sys-
tem of slavery. 3. The deprivation of personal security
is the remaining constituent of our system of slavery." Its
;ffeets are said to be: "1. To deprave and degrade its sub-
jects, by removing from them the strongest natural checks :
to human corruption. 2. It dooms thousands of human be-
ings to hopeless ignorance. 3. It deprives it* subjects, in
a great measure, of the privileges of the Gospel. 4. This
system licenses and produces great cruelty. 5. It produces
general licentiousness among the slaves. 6. This system
demoralizes the whites as well as the blacks. 7. This sys-
tem draws down upon us the vengeance of Heaven."
These several points, in their order, are illus-
trated and enforced at length Then follow
confutations of the various arguments of the
defenders of the system.    Then—
" As the conclusion of all that has been advanced, we
assert it to be the unquestionable duty of every Christian to
■se vigorous and immediate measures fortbe destruction of
this whole system, and for the removal of all its unhappy
-fleets. Both these objects should be contemplated in his
efforts."
Mr. Speaker, is it regarded by good and intel-
igent men in Kentucky as safe openly to recom-
mend a "destruction of the whole system of
slavery;" and shall we be quailing before the
dangers of doing it in the District of Columbia?
But, sir, I have another authority on this sub-
ject. I return from the valley of the Mississippi
lo this District, and, looking into the United j
States Telegraph of the 4th of September last, I
find the following. Speaking in the name of the
southern people, the editor says:
"We bold that our sole reliance is on ourselves; that we
save most to fear from the gradual operation on public
opinion among ourselves; and that those are the most insid-
ious and dangerous invaders of our rights and interests,
who, coming to us m the guise of friendship, endeavor to
persuade us that slavery is a sin, a curse, an evil. It is not
tree that the South sleeps on a volcano—that we are afraid
to go to bed at night—that we are fearful of murder and
pillage. Our greatest cause of apprehension is from the
operation of the morbid sensibility which appeals to the
conscience of our own people, and would make them the
voluntary instruments of their own ruin."
So, then, the fears are not of insurrection, but
of conscience—not of the physical force of the
slaves, but of the power of " public opinion."
Need I, Mr. Speaker, repeat the expression of
my sincere conviction, that the fears expressed
by gentlemen on this floor are groundless ? And
is it not apparent that the true ground of fear on
this subject is to be found in a continuance of the
"dark and growing evil," so well described by
the "eloquent South Carolinian," to which our
attention has been directed ? Permit me to add,
m the language of the Richmond Enquirer, in the
article I have read, that "our wisest men cannot
give too much attention to this subject, nor can
they give it too soon."
But there is another objection sometimes urged
against legislating on tie subject of slavery,
which must notbe overlooked in this discussion.
Every attempt to disturb the existing relation
of master and slave, it is said, tends to disturb
the balance of the Constitution, inasmuch as it
was among the compromises which entered into
the formation of that instrument, that three fifths
of the slaves should be represented in this body.
Now, sir, in the first place, let it be observed
that we are not asked to legislate on the abolition
I of slavery in Virginia or South Carolina, but in
the District of Columbia; and that our legislation
| disturbs the balance of the Constitution only by
i the influence of its example upon the > laveholding
| States.
1     In the second place, I contend that a just exer-
cise of all the powers granted in the Constitution
' can never disturb its true balance, but is itself the
preservation of that balance.
If the Constitution authorizes Congress to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and
the tendency of the exercise of that power should
be to abolish slavery in the Slave states, and thus
reduce their representation in this body, it is a
constitutional result of which no State has a right
to complain. As well might we complain of the
abolition of slavery in the West India Islands by
Great Britain, because its tendency is to produce
the same result in the United States. Neither
Congress in the one case, nor Great Britain in
the other, is under any responsibility for the
consequences of a rightful exercise ofpower—I
mean a responsibility to the Constitution in the
one case, and the law of nations in the other.
But, sir, the balance of the Constitution is al-
ready disturbed in the other direction. When
the Constitution was adopted, the Mississippi on
the west, and Florida on the south, formed the
limits of the Confederated Republic. Por any-
thing contemplated in the Constitution, these
boundaries formed impassable limits, beyond
which a slave population could not bring into
Congress a representation upon that basis. The
purchases of Louisiana and Florida have added
two additional slave States, and will probably,
ere long, add two more. And do gentlemen reflect
how much this has disturbed the balance of the
Constitution ?
But this is not all. The balance, in point of
fact, has been disturbed, and must be more so, by
the great relative increase of the slave population
of the South, and the diminution, almost the ex-
tinction of it at the North. And although this
is not, of course, an unconstitutional increase, yet
it is obvious that the enormous and alarming rela-
tive increase of the slave population compared
with that of the whites, was not within the con-
templation of the men who formed the Constitu-
tion.
Thus, in the four Atlantic States south of the
Potomac, the increase of the whites from 1790 to
1830 was eighty-four per cent., while that of the
slaves was, during the same period, one hundred
and thirty-six per cent. In South Carolina the
disproportion was still greater; the increase of the
whites during the same period havingbeen ninety-
four per cent,, while that of the slaves was one
hundred and ninety-four per cent.
To what results, Mr. Speaker, are the princi-
ples which produce such a disproportionate in-
crease of population to lead us? What will, in
the progress of fifty years, become of the balance
of the Constitution ? These are questions which
deeply concern the free States.
But there is another question which comes
home to the slave States with tremendous and
appalling interest. What will be their condition
half a century hence, in reference to this subject ?
That period will roll away, and the principles
which govern the advance of the slave population
will continue to operate! And yet gentlemen
say, " Hands off—let us alone. We will leave it
' to our children, and our grandchildren, and our
' great grandchildren, to take care of themselves,
' and to brave the storm."
But, sir, I will pursue this train of thought no
further.   I leave it, and with it the subject which
the House has so kindly indulged me in discuss-
Deeply convinced, sir, that the petitioners have
a right to ask us to abolish slavery and the slave
trade within this District, and that we have not
only the right, but that it is our bounden duty
forthwith to commence the one, and to begin and
finish the other, I must ask, when the proper
time shall come, that the petitions shall be refer-
red to a select committee, to the end that they
may have the speedy and decisive action of this
body. It seems to me to be due to the great im-
portance of the subject that they should be thus
disposed of. Sir, we must not bury these peti-
tions. And let me say to gentlemen, that such a
policy will certainly defeat itself. You cannot
smother investigation of this subject. Sir, the
spirit of free inquiry is the master spirit of the
age. It bows to the authority of truth and reason
and revelation, but it bows to nothing else. It
must have free course, and it will have it; givinff
life and soul and energy to the march of liberal
principles, and destined to shake every institution
on earth which does not recognize the " inalien-
able rights" of man, and bow to the supremacy
of just and equal laws. And, sir, it shall move
onward and onward and onward, until every
kindred and tongue and people under heaven shall
acknowledge  and glory in the great truth that
" ALL MEN ARC CREATED EQUAL."
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
DEBATE   IN  THE   SENATE.
February 12,1836.
Mr. MOORE moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of the motion of Mr. Buchanan to reject
the prayer of the Society of Friends, in the peti-
tion to abolish Slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; which being agreed to,
- Mr. MOORE said he would be very brief in
the remarks he was about to offer, and would not
even now trespass at all on the patience of the
Senate, except from the peculiar remarks from
some of the Senators, and the high state of ex-
citement in the section of country he came from.
The Society of Friends had as much of his
respect as any other class of individuals. That
part of the Constitution authorizing the people
peaceably to meet and consult upon their griev-
ances, had been construed as authority to petition
for the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia. But there Was no proposition or pe-
tition before the Senate complaining of grievance 
of their own.   It therefore did not apply.
They denounced the existence of slavery; nay,
further, they denounced all those who partici-
pated in it. He conceived that the property in
slaves was not only guarantied in the District of
Columbia, but in all the slaveholding States, and
any intermeddling in it was a violation of the
commandment which required them to attend to
their own concerns, and not meddle with the con-
cerns of their neighbors.
Suppose (said Mr. M.) they should petition
for a restriction of the liberty of the press, the
licentiousness of which he admitted. No one
would consent to grant the prayer of such a pe-
tition.
While the charges contained in these petitions
were more particularly against the people of the
District of Columbia, they also embraced a part
of his constituents: and so far as hi  constituents
were concerned, he entered the plea of not guilty,
and that they were slandered. He entered the
plea of not guilty for himself and his colleague,
both of whom had bought slaves in the District
of Columbia. Mr. M. spoke of the entire igno-
rance of these petitioners from the North in re-
gard to the treatment of the slaves in the South.
The common principles of humanity would dic-
tate humanity in the South as well as in the
.North. Tbe slaves were well treated, fed, and
clothed, and well contented, if these disturbera
of their peace and instigators of insurrection
would let them alone. ,                        .
He would refer to a little book, which by acci-
dent had fallen into his hand. . There were platea
in it representing slaveholders in the most odious
point of view.   He would not say it was a main
