88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
24th Cong....! st Sess.        Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. King, of Georgia.
Senate.
ob¡rct in publishing; this book to excite a rebel-
lion and insurrection: but he would not hesitate
to siv that any man of sensibility, whether from
the East, West, North, or South, would,on read-
ins a paragraph in it, be excited to indignant
fivlin<:s. Mr. M. here read several of the offen-
se c extracts.
In getting out instructions from a certain quar-
ter, in order to send to the Senate and House
of Representatives, in opposing the admission
of--------------into the Union, he would like to
know whether that opposition was founded on
political motives? If he were to trace that point
to its origin, he would arouse the sensibilities of
some who were very sensitive. He would not,
therefore, say many things now he had intended
to sav. For one, he contended they had no
right "to entertain a petition praying for what he
conceived to be in violation of "the Constitution.
Mr. M. spoke of the restraints necessarily put
upon the slaves in consequence of this interfer-
ence. At some of their meetings, they were re-
quired to keep a patrol; and in some instances
the slaves were necessarily restrained in assem-
bling for public worship.
The Legislature of Alabama had been called
upon to act, and had acted, and made a most
solemn appeal to the Legislatures of different
States to punish these evil-doers.
The Executive of Alabama had made a posi-
tive demand of the Executive of New York to
deliver up a certain leader of the Abolitionists.
Eut the Executive of New York had very po-
litely declined. He had made liberal expressions
against the conduct of this man and those engaged
with him; but he regretted he (the Governor of
New York) had declined recommending to the
Legislature of that State the passage of a law to
authorize him to deliver up that individual, or to
punish him and others in that State, for exciting
insurrections in the South, &c. If he had done
so, the people of the South would have been bet-
ter satisfied. The excitement in his (Mr. M.'s)
part of the country had no parallel. He was
constrained to believe there was more in these
memorials than met the public eye.
They were told there were many more aboli-
tion memorials in the desks of Senators to be
presented. They (the Abolitionists) concentra-
ted their whole force first against the District of
Columbia, and we may consider this (said Mr.
M.) as nothing more than an entering wedge to
a great scheme.
In order that they might put a stop to this move-
ment in its incipient stage, they should put the
seal of disapprobation on it at once. It could not
be done by referring it to a committee, or by lay-
ing it on the table, but by a rejection of the peti-
tions.
When the proposition from the gentleman from
South Carolina came up, they should see who
would come up to the sticking point. There
could then be no non-committal on the constitu-
tional question.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said, he would like to
say a few words, if not encroaching on the busi-
ness set apart for the day. As the remarks he
wished to make were principally called for by the
remarks of the Senator who had just taken his
seat, he preferred making them then, but would
yield to the wishes of the Senate. No objection
being made, Mr. K. proceeded to remark, that
he thought he had made up his mind to say not
one word on these memorials. He disliked to
participate in that which he had condemned in
others. For the reasons just given, however, and
for those given by other southern Senators who
had previously offered their views briefly, it was
perhaps right that he, as a southern man, should
briefly explain the views which would induce him
to vote against a motion, made bya southern man
as a southern measure.
Upon the general subject, his views had been
already very well expressed by others. In fact,
it had been well expressed in the course of the
debate, that upon the object of the memorialists,
their feelings, sentiments, and opinions, and also
upon the pernicious tendency of their measures,
there was not, nor could be, any material differ-
ence among the members representing the south-
ern section of the Confederacy upon that floor.
Their feelings and interests were the same; and
if they differed, it was only a difference as to the
mode in which the question should be disposed of;
a difference simply as to the most expedient mode
of stamping with disapprobation the pernicious
labors of these disorganizing agitators. Perhaps,
he said, like the Senator from Alabama, he should
make some exception in favor of the intentions
of the particular memorialists whose petition was
now under consideration.
Here Mr. K. asked, if it was not the petition
alone of the Friends that was under considera-
tion, all others having been withdrawn? and,
being answered in the affirmative, he proceeded.
He hoped even these good people would come
to understand that their labors, however well
intended, would be attended with the same mis-
chievous consequences that followed the efforts
of those who could not, in all cases, have the
same charity extended to them.
But (said Mr. K.) this being among the southern
members a mere difference of form in the manner
of disposing of the subject, I regret exceedingly
that the Senator from Carolina has thought it
his duty (as he doubtless has) to pass the subject
upon the consideration of the Senate in such form,
as not only to permit, but, in some measure, to
create, a necessity for the continued agitation of
the subject. For he believed, with others, that
nothing was better calculated to increase agitation
and excitement than such motions as that of the
Senator from South Carolina. What was the
object of the motion? Senators said, and no doubt
sincerely, that their object was to quiet the agita-
tion of the subject. Well, (said Mr. K.,) my
object is precisely the same. We differ, then,
only in the means of securing a common end,
and he could tell the Senators that the value of
the motion as a means would likely be estimated
by its tendency to secure the end desired. Would
even an affirmative vote on the motion quiet the
agitation of the subject! He thought, on the
contrary, it would much increase it. How would
it stop the agitation ? What would be decided ?
Nothing, except it be that the Senate would not
receive the particular memorial before it. Would
that prevent the presentation of others? Not at
all; it would only increase the number by making
a new issue for debate, which was all the Aboli-
tionists wanted; or, at any rate, the most they
now expected.
These petitions had been coming here without
intermission ever since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and he could tell the Senator that if they
were each to be honored by a lengthy discussion
on presentment—an honor not heretofore granted
to them—they would not only continue to come
here, but they would thicken upon us so long as
the Government remained in existence. We may
seek occasion (said Mr. K.) to rave about our
rights. We may appeal to the guaranties of the
Constitution which are not denied. We may
speak of the strength of the South, and pour out
unmeasured denunciations against the North. We
may threaten vengeance against the Abolitionists,
and menace a dissolution of the Union, and all
that. And thus exhausting ourselves mentally
and physically, and setting down to applaud the
spirit of our own efforts, Arthur Tappan and his
pious fraternity would very coolly remark, "Well,
that is precisely what I wanted; I wanted agita-
tion in the South. I wished to provoke the ' aristo-
cratic slaveholder' to make extravagant demands
on the North, which the North could not consist'
ently surrender to them. I wished them, under the
pretext of securing their own rights, to encroach
upon the rights of all the American people. In
short, I wish to change the issue; upon the pres-
ent issue we are dead. Every movement, every
demonstration of feeling among our own people,
shows that upon the present issue the great body
of the people is against us. The issue must be
changed, or the prospects of abolition are at an
end." This language (Mr. K. said) was not
conjectured, but there was much evidence of its
truth.
Sir, (said Mr. K.,) if southern Senators were
actually in the pay of the Directory on Nassau
street, they could not more effectually cooperate
in the views, and administer to the wishes, of
these enemies to the peace and quiet of our coun-
try. And yet (said Mr. K.) we have just been
charged with sacrificing southern interests to
attain a political end. (Here Mr. Moore said
the Senator from Georgia had misunderstood him,
_.d made some explanations.) Mr.K. said he had
expressly understood the Senator to say that the
object of the course of the Administration party
was to favor the pretensions of a certain northern
candidate for the Presidency, but accepted the
explanation.
It was a good maxim in politics, as well as
private life, (Mr. K. said,) never to demand too
much. By making unreasonable demands, we
often lost that to which we were plainly entitled
If the non-slaveholding States were willing to
allow us all our rights, we should be satisfied.
We should never leave an impregnable position
for the doubtful prospects of a dangerous ally.
Notwithstanding what he had said, he was not
prepared to say that the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina might not be entertained without
any dangerous invasion of a constitutional right.
It has been insisted that the memorialists bear no
interest in the subject, and are therefore not enti-
tled to the right of petition. We should recollect,
however, that the right of petition is esteemed a
very sacred one in this country. And we should
make up no unnecessary issues about it. The
people, on these matters, usually measured in
the lump; theydid not understand these nice con-
stitutional distinctions and parliamentary rules,
and a refusal to receive petitions on such grounds
would be looked upon as an arrogant attack on a
popular right, and would be so used by the ene-
mies of the South.
But why were we bound to refuse to receive
these petitions? If he understood Senators, it
was on two grounds; the first was, that the lan-
guage reflected on a portion of the members.
Now, (said Mr. K.,) every southern Senator
feels an equal indignation at having these memo-
rials brought before them. But he did not know
how the memorialists, in this particular case,
could have presented the subject at all in more
respectful language than they have employed.
But (he said) he was already strongly committed
on this po'nt, by votes given on other occasions,
since he had been in the Senate. He could
not change his action until he had changed his
opinion. He considered the pretensions of the
Senate on this subject the most dangerous and
extraordinary ever tolerated in any representative
Government. The doctrine, as acted on in a few
cases in the Senate, was, that we would not
receive any memorial that might, in the opinion
of the Senators, " reflect on the body, or any
member of it." On this principle, how are the
people ever to obtain reform of abuses, originat-
ing in the two Houses or cither House ? Where
would the principle lead to? He would not
dwell upon the subject, but he would put a few
plain cases, that would be well understood by
Senators. We have (said Mr. K.) been in the
habit of voting ourselves privileges. All exclu-
sive privileges are justly odious to our people.
Theyare inconsistent with the American charac-
ter, and opposed to the genius of our institutions.
We have voted ourselves the franking privilege,
not during the session, as formerly, but in per-
petuity. This privilege it was known, was some-
times grossly abused, which would be a strong
argument for its total repeal.
He also spoke of the purchase of books for the
members, and referred to the practice of the mem-
bers in paying for their newspapers out of the
Eublic money, in support of which practice he
ad never been able to elicit any argument, ex-
cept the unanswerable one of the yeas and nays.
The contingent expenses of the two Houses had
been also swelled in a few years to an enormous
extent. There were other cases of more magni-
tude which might be made the subject of com-
plaint by the people, but he referred to these as
obvious cases that had been spoken of during the
present session. Suppose, then, the people were
to petition Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege, and state as a reason the enormous abuses
to which it is subject. Suppose they look at the
sum total of your contingent account, and be-
lieving; it impossible it could be honestly expended
for any contingencies that the Constitution will
