1888.]
APWatDIX' TO TBS OGN&ftESStONA!, GLOSE.
89
24th Cong....1st Sess.       Slavery f  the District of Columbia—Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Hill.
&E*AT1
allow, pray Congress to loolt into the subject
and reform the abuse. According to this novel
doctrine, any Senator might rise and move that
" the memorial be not received," because it " re-
fiected on the Senate or some of its members."
Sir, (said Mr. K.,) I deny the whole doctrine.
I deny it in the general, and I deny it in the par-
ticular; I deny it in the gross, and I deny it in
the detail. It has not one single inch of ground
in the Constitution to stand upon. We were
sent here to do the business of the public, and
not to set up arbitrary codes for the protection
of our dignity, and then be left to determine what
dignity means. I consider true senatorial dignity
to consist in a straightforward, independent dis-
charge of our constitutional duties, and not in
searching into the language employed by our
constituents, when they ask us for a redress of
grievances, to see if we cannot find some pretext
to commit a fraud upon the Constitution. If the
people thought we had done wrong they had a
right plainly to ten us so, and if we found the
charge true, we should set about a reformation;
if untrue, we should reject their petitions on that
account.
Mr. K. said he had spoken of this doctrine in
a general point of view, and could not honor the
Abolitionists so far as to suffer them to provoke
him to a violation of the Constitution as he un-
derstood it.
In the second place, it was contended that we
should not receive the petition, because to grant
it would be unconstitutional. Was it not appa-
rent that this was assuming prematurely that
which we should arrive at by an examination of
the subject? It had been asked, why receive the
petition, if it were afterwards to be rejected ?
Senators had asked, what was the difference be-
tween the two modes of proceeding? He- would
ask in turn, if there were no difference, why did
fentlemen insist on their motion ? There was a
ifference, however, which he thought was well
understood.
To refuse to receive denied the right of being
heard. To receive, and reject the prayer of the
petitioner, gave the privilege of a hearing, and
the judgment of the Senate upon the subject.
This petition, he said, had been read, and its
object considered; but not necessarily so. The
motion was perfectly in order, before reading, on
a statement of the nature of the memorial by the
Senator offering it, and the theory of the motion
was to deny the right to a consideration. This
consideration might change an opinion previously
formed without it; and should not be denied be-
cause our first impressions may be against'the
rights of the petitioners.
Mr. K. said, that he believed also, after some
reflection upon the subject, that Congress had no
constitutional power to emancipate the slaves in
the District of Columbia, in the manner contem-
plated by the memorialists. He believed that
Congress had precisely the same power over the
subject in the District of Columbia that the States
had in their respective limits, and he agreed per-
fectly with the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Leigh]
that the States themselves had no power to take
the slave from the owner, except for public use,
and for a just compensation. He did not agree,
however, with the Senator from Virginia, in his
construction of the proviso in the Virginia cession,
as the plain import and intention o? the proviso
was only to negative the idea that the soil was
transferred with the jurisdiction. But the aid of
this proviso was not necessary to the constitu-
tional argument, and he did not believe the Sen-
ator placed much stress upon it.
The aTgununtum ab inconvenienti also of the
Senator from Virginia, although powerful—even
irresistible to prove the inexpediency of exercis-
ing the power, if the power were admitted, was
still not sufficient, perhaps, to disprove the exist-
ence of the power itself.
It was the intention of the framers of the Con-
stitution that Congress should have a very exten-
sive legislative power over the District. It was
necessary it should have it, and it was reasonably
supposed that Congress could have no dangerous
temptation to abuse it. What inducement could
Congress have to oppress the helpless inhabitants
of the ten miles square; or, on the other hand,
what dangerous inducement to heap expensive
benefits on the District at the cost of their own
immediate constituents? None in the world. And
hence the alarming pictures drawn of the effects
of emancipation in this District, and in all the forts
and arsenals in the slaveholding States, whilst
slavery exists in the surrounding States, had not
the slightest influence upon his deliberations upon
the subject. The former might be admitted, and
he had not the slightest apprehension that Con-
gress would exercise it so long as there was virtue
and patriotism enough in the country to hold the
Government together.
But, he said, without any particular distrust
of Congress as the legislature of the District of
Columbia, there was a restriction upon the whole
legislative power of the Union, State and Federal,
which denied the right to Congress to do that
which was wished by the memorialists. This was
a national restriction, and extended to the District
of Columbia as well as to the States. This re-
striction was to Be found in the fifth amendment,
which had been referred to by others. This
amendment says that no person "shall be deprived
' of life, liberty, or property, without dae process
* of law, nor shall private property be taken for
"public usé without just compensation."
Mr. K. said he thought it might be found as á
historical fact, that this amendment owed its origin
to the apprehensions of the slaveholding States
on this very subject. It was well known that
the Constitution met with great opposition in
the convention of Virginia. There, some of the
greatest men, and greatest patriots of the age,
used every means to defeat it. Among other
things, it was objected to by Patrick Henry and
others, that Congress would have power under
the Constitution to emancipate the slaves in the
slaveholding States. In vain did the advocates
of the Constitution appeal to its obvious guaran-
ties on this subject; they still believed, or affected
to believe, that Congress had the power under
the general welfare doctrine so long exploded.
Finding that the Constitution would be adopted
against their efforts, they then showed themselves
consistent by proposing and appending to the
ratification of Virginia a bill of rights and sundry
amendments, containing their principal objec-
tions, and this among the rest. Some of the
principles contained in the bill of rights and
amendments were adopted by Congress, and
Others rejected. And this principle was adopted
in the fifth amendment as before read. The
great object was the certain security of private
rights against the arbitrary power of legislation;
and it was evident, that the private rights of the
slaveholder in the District of Columbia Were in-
consistent with the object of the memorialists.
He could, to be sure, imagine a state of things in
which Congress, as the only legislative power
for the District as a community, might interfere
with the slaveholder at the expense of the Dis-
trict. But the case was so remote that it scarcely
deserved our consideration. If slavery were
abolished everywhere else in the Union, and the
people of the District should find k a check to
their prosperity and a curse to their community,
Congress might, perhaps, in reference to the
good, and supposed wishes of this District, tax
it for the emancipation of its own slaves. The
only question in such a case would be, whether
emancipation was such a public Use as that con-
templated in the Constitution. He had given
no special consideration to this branch of the
subject, and would detain the Senate no longer
upon it.
He should vote against the motién of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, because he thought it
useless and impolitic to be making up useless and
unusual issues with these people, only calculated
to give them importance and strength. And he
should vote to reject the prayer of the petitioners,
because he thought it inexpedient; and further,
that Congress had no constitutional power to
grant it.
Mr. CALHOUN did not rise to prolong the
debate. He had no idea that more than ten or
fifteen minutes would have been occupied in con-
senting, as he did, to the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Moore.] He had heard
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Kw«l with deep
regret. It was not that he feared the pernicious
effects at home, but on account of showing á
division here. We are (said he) but a small mi-
nority here, and had hoped they would be united.
He was sorry to hear that very harsh expression
made by that gentleman.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, wished the gentleman
[Mr. Calhoun] to designate any harsh expression
he had made.
Mr. CALHOUN did not know that he could
repeat the very words of the gentleman, ]Mr.
King,] but repeated one expression he had un-
derstood him to use, which Mr. King denied
havin? used. Mr. C. was happy to learn that
he had misunderstood him.
Mr. C. proceeded. The petition was couched
in calumnious language towards that gentleman's
[Mr. Kino's] constituents, as well as his (Mr.
C.'s.) Man stealing, <fcc, wis charged to them
in the petition.
Did He (Mr. C.) seek the introduction of peti-
tions here? No, sir. He merely Went for the
refusal of the petition. And I (said Mr. C.) have
been accused of aiding the views of Arthur Tap-
pan ! He would not decide this question now^
he would leave it to the people of the South. Had
any one prepared a law prohibiting the assem-
bling of these petitioners? No, Sir. And yet they
were aeeused of a violation of refusing the right
of petition! He was glad the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. King] had accorded in his opinion.
But he would ask the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. King,] if he would receive such a petition
in the Legislature of Georgia ?
Mr. KING answered," Yes."
Mr. CALHOUN continued. I would rather
(said he)lay my head on the block, than do it in my
State. He Would return the charge of agitator.
He would repeat that, if he had known the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Moore]
would have given rise to such a discussion, he
would not have consented to it.
He had a great deal to say on this question, and
would at the proper time.
He Was determined, for one, if deserted by
every other Senator, to stand firm on the positloil
he had taken. The presidential question, in his
opinion, was of no consequence compared to the
importance of this.
Mr. HILL. I do not (said he) object to many
of the positions taken by Senators on the abstract
Question of northern interference with slavery in
the South. But I do protest against the excite-
ment that is attempted on the floor of Congress
to be kept up against the North, i do protest
against the array that is made here of the acts of
a few misguided fanatics as the acts of the whole
or of a large portion of the people of the North.
I do protest against the countenance that is here
given to the idea that the people of the North
generally are interfering with the rights and prop-
erty of the people of the South.
Mr. President, the authors and movers of the
abolition excitement at the North, so far as I ha1 *
been able to identify them, are the same people
who have so often attempted to move on other
subjects of political agitation. The older ones
might be traced thrbugh most oT the excitements,
from the Missouri excitement of 1816, down to
the present time. Almost the same means have
been pursued in this matter that for several years
were pursued in relation to the stepping1 of the
mails on the Sabbath .ckirntg and «uwequent to
the late war, and to enlist the sympathies of the
religious community in behalf of the "1Wdr In-
dians,*' within the last few years. It is" but the
attempt of speculating, gambling politicians, to
operate on the prejudices of the fanatical and the
credulous; and it is done through organized socie-
ties, having the furtherance of religión for then-
ostensible object.
It fortunately happens, that never were the peo-
ple of the North so entirely united in opinion on
any exciting subject as they are on thisquestion.
The good sense of the community has utterly
prostrated the fanatical party, so far as relates to
anv evils they can effect at home. Nine tenths
of "those who had for the moment been honestly
deluded by the artful and the designing, have
already disclaimed the connection.
The policy ©f the friends to the Union in ths
