90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
State which I have the honor here, in part, to
represent, had been not to contest the ground
with the zealots who had embarktd in a crusade
against slavery in a country where slavery did
not exist. They believe that the zeal of the ftw
fanatits would sooner tire, if lett the entire field to
themsehts, than if a collision was kepHip. With
all their effoits, with thousands of dollars poured
in upon us to aid thtm, the malcontents made but
fewconveits 1 here was no danger fiom their
operations at home. It was not until the concen-
tiated movements of the leadeis of the Abolition-
ists at the ¡North began to produce alarm in the
South, that the people took the business of put-
ting down the agitators seriously in hand. Oppo-
sition has made them of more consideration than
they were before: the artful leaders even now
invite opposition, that they may cry out against
persecution, and enlist more or less of public
sympathy; just as the missionaries to the Indians
in Georgia sought to be imprisoned, and even re-
fused to be released, till they found there was no
longer sympathy left for them.
There is no course that will better suit the few
northern fanatics, than the agitation of the ques-
tion of slavery in the halls of Congress—nothing
will please them better than the discussions
which are taking place, and a solemn vote of
either branch denying them the right to prefer
petitions here, praying that slavery may be abol-
ished in the District of Columbia. A denial of
that right at once enables them, and not without
color of truth, to cry out that the contest going
on is "a struggle between power and liberty."
Believing the intentions of those who have
moved simultaneously to get these petitions up
at this time to be mischief, I wa3 glad to see
the first petition that came in here laid on the
table without discussion, and without reference
to any committee. The motion to lay on the
table precludes all debate; and if decided affirm-
atively, prevents agitation. It was with the view
of preventing agitation of this subject, that I
moved to lay the second set of petitions on the
table. A Senator from tne South [Mr. Calhoun]
has chosen a different course, he has interposed
a motion which opens a debate that may be con-
tinued for months. He has chosen to agitate
this question, and he has presented that ques-
tion, the decision of which, let Senatorsvote as
they may, will best please the agitators who are
urging the fanatics forward.
I have said the people of the North were more
united in their opposition to the plans of the ad-
vocates of anti-slavery than on any other sub-
ject. This opposition is confined to no political
party; it pervades every class of the community.
They deprecate all interference with the subject
of slavery, because they believe such interference
may involve the existence and welfare of the
Union itself, and because they understand the
obligations which the non-slaveholding States
owe to the slaveholding States by the compact
of confederation. It is the strong desire to per-
petuate the Union, it is the determination which
every patriotic and virtuous citizen has made, in
no event to abandon the "ark of our safety,"
that now impels the united North to take its
stand against the agitators of the anti-slavery
project. So effectually has the strong public
sentiment put down that agitation in New Eng-
land, that it is now kept alive only by the power
of money, which the agitators have collected,
and apply in the hiring of agents, and in issues
from presses that are kept in their employ.
To an interior town (Canaan) in the State of
New Hampshire, funds were sent to establish a
school to be devoted principally to the insti uction
of colored persons that might be sent there from
abroad; and an attempt was made to mingle these
colored persons as equals in a community of per-
sons exclusively white. This little community
rejected with disdain a bribe of $20,000 offered
them. They expostulated, and entreated those
who would force a favorite scheme of the Aboli-
tion Society to desist: finding they could rid them-
selves of the nuisance in no other way, the inhab-
itants of the town and vicinity collected en masse,
they brought with them some hundred yokes of
oxen, and proceeded quietlyto remove the edifice,
in which the colored youth were to be instructed,
to a place where it could not be used for that pur-
pose. The removal of the building was justified
on the giound that a large mojouty of those who
had erected it originally for a different purpose
had a right thus to dispose of their own pioperty,
and the nuisance has since been abated.
It was in the place of my residence, at the cen-
ter of the State, that the incendiary Thompson,
who had been expelled fiom England for his
crimes, fiist met such a reception as compelled
linn in a few weeks after to flee the country. He
and other agitators were known to be in the vicin-
ity, and a numcious meeting of citizens had just
passed resolutions depiecating allinteiference on
the subject of slavery in the South and in the
District of Columbia. Thompson made his ap-
pearance, and notified the citizens that he would
address them on the subject of slavery the next
night. In the space of three hours such a spirit
was aroused as could not be repressed by those
who desired to see the public peace preserved.
The few friends of Thompson were notified that
violence would be done to his person if he made
his appearance. A large collection of people went
to the place where he was supposed to be, he had
fled, disguised, as was said, in female attire, and
under the darkness of night. The people being
unable to find him, had his effigy burnt in the
public square, and carried out their triumph by
some hundred discharges of artillery.
These two cases are but samples of the deep
feeling that pervades New Hampshire, indeed I
believe I may say the whole of New England, on
the subject of the slave agitation. Theie are no
laws that can be passed by our Legislatures which
will do so much to repress the agitators as will
the strong public sentiment that pervades the
country. That sentiment even goes further than
has been known on any othei subject; it would
in all cases be sufficiently scathing to the authors
of the mischief, if it discovered itself in that
withering scorn which few men have the brass to
withstand, without proceeding to tokens of dis-
approbation, such as the law will not warrant.
Certain it is, that the South ought to be fully
satisfied with the present disposition of the North
The Senators from Vnginia and South Carolina
[Messrs. Leigh and Calhoun] have mentioned
a clergyman of Massachusetts—"the first scholar
and writer of the age"—as being the author of a
disgusting and reprehensible pamphlet in favor
of abolition. Are the Senators not aware that
this clergyman (Mr. Chanmng) is the same per-
son who wrote and dehveied an address laudatoiy
of the crowned despots of Europe at the moment
they had broken down Napoleon and France,
when the latter Powei was the only barrier be-
tween Great Britain (then at war with us) and
the United States > This production of a Massa-
chusetts cleigyman is not an indication of the
sentiment even of the city of Boston on the slave
question Probably half of the efficient Aboli-
tionists in New England are to be found among a
certain description of the clergy, and those cler-
gymen much of the character of those who con-
sidered it a high offense to Heaven to pray for the
success of the American arms during the war
with Great Britain.
The anti-slavery movement, which brings in
petitions from various parts of the country, ask-
ing Congress to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia, originates with a few persons who
have been in tne habit of making charitable re-
ligious institutions subservient to political pur-
poses, and who have even controlled some of
those charitable associations. The petitions are
set on foot by men who have had, and who con-
tinue to have, influence with ministers and reli-
gious teachers of different denominations. They
have issued and sent out their circulars calling
for a united effort to press on Congress the abo-
lition of slavery in this District. Many of the
clergymen who have been instruments of the
agitators, have done so from no bad motive.
Some of them, discovering the purpose of the
agitators—discovering that their labors were cal-
culated to make the condition of the slave worse,
and to create animosity between the people of the
North and the South, have paused in their course,
and desisted from the further application of a
mistaken philanthropy.   Otheis, having inhsted
deeply their feelings, still pursue the unprofitable
labor They present heie the names of incon-
siderate men and women, many of whom do not
know, when they subscribe their papers, what
they are asking, and others of whom, placing
implicit faith in their religious teacher, aie taught
to behe\e they are thereby doing a woik of d.s-
mterested benevolence, which will be requited by
rewards in a futuie life.
It is to the esprit de corps that has been moved
of late years in whole religious bodies, dnecting
benevolence away from home to distant objects—
it is to the concentration of ícligious etfoit, some-
times to useful and salutary objects, but often to
objects altogether impracticable, that we may at-
tribute the present abolition movements. These
movements, I do not doubt, are spurred on, if
not secretly instigated, by those who have polit-
ical objects to be effected by them. Nev er were
men more mistaken than are that portion of the
clergy in the northern States who have embaiked
in this undertaking. At first these clergymen
were countenanced by a portion of the people
who had been accustomed to be guided by their
teaching, but within the last six months, nine
tenths of even these have left them, and, as in
other cases of unwise and improvident projects,
the leaders are left nearly destitute of followeis.
Within a few days I have received through the
mail an abolition pamphlet purporting to be the
" First Annual Report of the Maine Anti-Slavery
Society, held in Brunswick, October 28, 1835.
Of eighteen resolutions passed by this society, I
find that fifteen were made by gentlemen wearing
the title of Reveiend, and only three made by lay-
men. A resolution made by one clergyman de-
clares that " all Christian churches and ministers
have something to do with it," (the abolition of
slavery,) as a " gieat moral question." A second,
by another clergyman, declares that " slavery is
alike inconsistent with both natural and íevealcd
religion," and " can never be defended or ex-
cused." A third resolution, moved by another
clergyman, tauntingly declares that " wc have
Uheiated as many slaves as our opponents have
educated." The last resolution, passed on mo-
tion of a deacon of a church, declares the society
will attempt to íaise $,2,000 for the laudable pur-
pose of keeping up the excitement another year
in that State where slavery docs not exist. The
last act ísaprayeroffeitd by one of the Reveiends
for the "blessing of God on the effoits" of the
society, which then adjourned without day'
Now, sir, as much as I abhoi the doings of
weak oi wicked men who are moving this aboli-
tion question at the North, I yet have not as bad
opinion of them as I hive of some others who aie
attempting to make of these puerile proceedings
an object of alarm to the whole South.
Of all the vehicles, tracts, pamphlets, and news-
papers, printed and circulated by the Abolition sts,
theie is no ten or twenty of them that have con-
tributed so much to the excitement, as a single
newspaper printed m this city. 1 ncc d not name
this paper w hen I inform you that for the last fue
years it has been laboring to pioduce a noithein
and a southern party—to fan the dime of sectional
prejudice—to open vvidci the bioach, to duve
harder the wedge, which shall divide the Noith
from the South It is the ncvvspapei which, in
1831-32, strove to cieate that state of things in
íelationto the tai iff which would produce inevit-
able collision between the two sections of the
country, and which uiged to that crisis in South
Carolina, terminating in her deep disgiacc------
[Mr. Calhouv heie interrupted Mr. Hill, and
called him to order. Mi. II. took his seat, and
Mr. Hubbard (being in the chair) decided that
the remarks of Mr. H. did not impugn the mo-
tives of any man—they wore only descriptive of
the effects of certain proceedings upon the State
of South Carolina, and that he was not out of oi dei.]
Mr H resumed It is thp newspaper which
condemns oi ridicules the vvell-m< ant effoits of an
officer of the Government to stop the cireulat'on
of incendiary publications in the slaveholding
States, and which dcsirnidly nipgnifics the num-
ber and the effoits of the northern Abolitionists.
It is the newspapei which libels the whole JSoitn
by representing the almost united people ot that
region to be insincere in their c'loits to pitvent
