92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
24th Cong....1st Sess.       Slavery in the District of Cohmbia-~-Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Hill.
Senate.
Bplit hairs and carry on a labored argument, at j
either end of the Capitol, to prove that Congress !
has not a right to interfere with slavery in the
District of Columbia. On the one hand, a gen- ;
tleman [Mr. Leigh, of Virginia] is applauded
for his most conclusive speech, proving beyond a
doubt that Congress cannot legislate on the sub-
ject of slavery; and in a trice, another learned and
able gentleman, [Mr. Hoak, of Massachusetts,]
in another Hall, is complimented, perhaps by the
same persons, who equally admire the talents
and the principles of both speakers, with having
demonstrated, beyond all question, that Congress
has a rigiit to abolish slavery in this District.
Both the gentlemen belong to a party that can
a«ree to disagree whenever and wherever it may
be necessary. The object now is to keep the ball
of contention moving between the North and the
South; and no other coarse the two gentlemen
can take will so effectually encourage the Aboli-
tionists on the one side, and arouse the slave-
holder on the other. The people are aroused; the
seeds of disunion are strewed in new ground; an
inveterate sectional distrust takes deeper root;
and our congressional orators obtain a higher
reputation with all such as would make our Con-
stitution mean anything or nothing. They are
little less than "god-like " in their masterly ex-
positions of the Constitution; an instrument so
plain to common sense before they had touched
jt, that he who runs may read, and rightly under-
stand!
Besides the strong and unanimous expressions
by public meetings of friends of the Administra-
tion, I have numerous letters from New Hamp-
shire declaring the public sentiment. One letter
says:
" Abolition here is at its lowest possible ebb. Not a dog
attempts to move his tongue. 1 can recollect no political
question that has ever been before the people that has been
so completely put down. All parties, classes, ages, and
sexes hold the Abolitionists in the most utter contempt.
I observe that it is insinuated by certain politicians in Con-
gress, that these professions of the people of the non-slave-
holding States are not sincere—that they dare not toe the
mark. Now, let those gentlemen come here, and they will
find a people as hostile to disturbing the slave question as
the people of the slavcholding States can possibly be. Our
people consider this aquestion about which they have noth-
ing to do, other than as a member of the Confederacy, to
contend that the just rights of each and every State shall
be guarantied to them ; and I am of opinion that Congicss
have no more right to interfere with slavery in the District
of Columbia than they have in any of the States."
Another letter says:
"The leading feature on which the times hinge, (to use ;
one of Lord Castlereagh's metaphors,) seems to be a design
of the Nullifies and Opposition men of all sorts to agitate
the slavery question in order to produce a sectional division
on the presidential election, and, it would appear, with a
design,in some of them, eventually to produce adissolution ;
of the Union. There is nothing that could so effectually
conduce to that end, as a disregard in the South of all the
efforts of the friends of the country at the North to preserve
in their integrity southern rights. The attempt to excite the
feelings of the South, in Older to induce them to contend
against and put down the Democracy of the North, is so
base that it cannot be spoken of except with feelings of in-
dignation."       *       *       •        ***  
" The Democracy of the North nre strenuously contend-
ing for the rights of the South. What can so effectually dis-
courage them in theircxertionsas for the South to disregard
all their efforts, and not only so, but to repay them with
injury and contumely? To say that a man belongs to the
Democratic party, and is an Abolitionist, is in New Hamp-
shire a contradiction in terms. If a person should avow
himself an Abolitionist, we should read him nut of our polit-
ical church, and turn him over to Arthur Tappan and the
Nullifiera. But there would be no necessity for this; for if,
perchance, a person becomes tainted with Abolitionism, he
at once leaves the Democratic party. There is no one sen-
timent in which our party in this State are so thoroughly
united, as in detestation of abolition and of the proceedings
of the Abolitionists. There is no exception within my
knowledge."
The session of Congress two years ago will be
long remembered as the panic session. We have
had repeated attempts to create panics, and I con-
eider the present efforts to create an excitement
on the subject of the slave question as one of
them. I do not believe the agitators of the North
would here present themselves with numerous
petitions for abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia, if they did not feel assured that south-
ern men in Congress would lend their efforts to
agitate the question. On the 4th of March, two
years ago, while certain famed resolutions, after-
wards passed by the Senate, were under debate,
I called the attention of the Senate to the various
excitements which had been moved for political
effect, and I then made use of the following lan-
guage:
" Another subject more recently moved by the agitators
is the slave question. Accordingly, we find the abators at
the public meetings in Soutk Carolina declaring to tkeir fol-
lowers, on public occasions, that there is a deliberate design
on the part of the people of the North, to drire the whole
white population out of that country; to annihilate their prop-
erty and destroy their prosperity.* The agitators of the
North being, in nine cases out of ten, the same persons who
have labored so zealously in the Indian agitation; these
persons reduced to almost nothing in point of numbers arid
influence, by the unmasking of their liypocricv, act in per-
fect concert with the agitators of the South. They attempt
to gire color to their complaints, by calling meetings and
delivering inflammatory addresses in various places, and
they arc attempting to operate on Congress by fac simile
petitions in vanous parts, asking that slavery may be abol-
ished in the District of Columbia. Of these agitatorn it
suffices to say, that in the whole North not one intelligent
man in twenty will join their standard. The South has
nothing to fear from their eflbrts, but in the effect they
may have at a distnnee. These efforts nre made to produce
that distant effect, and they aro everywhere formed against
a general expression of scorn from the real friends of the
Union."
Without intimating in tho Senate that I had in
view any particular individuals when these words
were spoken two years ago, I claim the merit of
having then predicted precisely the course that
has been taken on this Abolition question. I now
see in both branches of Congress an apparent
desire to magnify this subject—to keep the ball
of contention in motion. From what quarter
this intention comes, lot the records of Congress
speak.
The book of Doctor Channing has been intro-
duced into the Senate. If the Doctor had written
his book for gain, he could desire nothing better
than this—he will now sell ten books where he
would not otherwise have sold one. In my mind
it is a doubtful question whether it be more rep-
rehensible to write such a book or to read it in
the Senate of the United States. The Doctor's
motive might have been good in the one case,
and the Senator's motive might have been praise-
worthy in the other. I confess I was shocked at
the infatuation or the folly which would prompt
any man to deliberately write what was here read;
and if the direct effect of reading those extracts
was to spread before the people of the South doc-
trines the most odious and disgusting—if the effect
of spreading the nauseous paragraphs in that re-
gion be to excite the colored population to mutiny
and murder—if the effect be to fan higher the
flame of disunion, let those only be responsible
on whom the blame lies. Doctor Channing's
book is condemned by nineteen in every twenty
intelligent citizens of the North, as is the agita-
tion of the slavery question in Congress.
The present agitation in the North is kept up
by the application of money—it is a state of
things altogether forced. Agents are iiiued, dis-
guised in the characters of ministers of the Gos-
pel, to preach abolition of slavery where slavery
does not exist; and presses are kept in constant
employment to scatter abolition publications
through the country. Deny the right of petition
to the misguided men and women who are induced
from no bad motive to petition for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, and you
do more to increase their numbers, than will
thousands of dollars paid to their emissaries, who
traverse the country to distribute abolition tracts
and to spread abolition doctrines. Continue to
debate abolition in either branch of Congress,
and you more effectually subserve the incendiary
views of the movers of abolition than anything
they can do for themselves. It may suit those
who have been disappointed in all their political
projects, to try what this subject of abolition will
now avail them. Such men will be likely to find,
in tho end, that the people have too strong at-
tachment for that happy Union to which we owe
all our prosperity and happiness, to be thrown
from their propriety at every agitating blast which
may be blown across the land.
Mr. CALHOUN said, the Senator from New
I     * The allusion here was toa speech reported by'he news-
: papers to have been made by Mr. Calhoon, in South Car-
i i olma.
' Hampshire could notexpect him to reply to him.
: That Senator had availed himself of the position
he occupied on that floor to indulge very freely in
assailing the motives of others. He was per-
suaded that no Senator who had any respect for
himself would stoop to notice anything of this
character which had fallen from hrni. For him-
self, he would as soon condescend to notice the
mendacious and filthy columns of the Globe as
to notice the general remarks of the Senator from
New Hampshire. That Senator had, however,
stated what purported to be a fact—that the Abo-
lition excitement in New Hampshire was entirely
extinct. But here was a statement of facts in rela-
tion to what that gentleman said of the Abolition
question in New Hampshire; it was found in a
publication coming from one of the incendiary
publications in that State, and he would lay it
before the Senate, in order that it might judge for
itself. He would not institute a comparison be-
tween the relative degree of veracity in the state-
ment contained in this paper and the one made by
the Senator from New Hampshire. He would
lay the paper before the Senate, in order that it
might judge of the truth as to the Abolition spirit
in New Hampshire. It was a paper that had
been sent to him through the mail, but he did not
know from what quarter it came.
Mr. C. here handed to the Secretary a news-
paper containing an article impugninga statement
made by Mr. Pier.ce, of New Hampshire, in the
House of Representatives, as to the number of
Abolitionists 111 his State, with severe strictures
on the state of slavery in the South, said articles
stating that a great number oí petitions in favor
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia would be forwarded to Congress from
New Hampshire.
The paper having been read,
Mr. HILL inquired the title of it.
The Secretary answered: The Herald of Free-
dom, published at Concord, New Hampshire.
Mr. HILL said he was aware such a paper was
there printed, and it was upon the sufferance of an
enlightened community who adopted and prac-
ticed the doctrine of Mr. Jefferson, that " error
of opinion may be tolerated where reason is left
to combat it." This paper was there printed,
but it could not be said to be there circulated;
those engaged in it were ashamed to circulate it
in its own neighborhood. It was especially in-
tended for a foreign market, and was supported
from foreign funds and from distant contribu-
tions; whether derived from South Carolina, or
from some other quarter, others knew better than
he did. A friend who had been grossly abused
in the same paper, (said Mr. II.,) had sent him
a single number, not that which had just been
read by the Secretary, as requested by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina; and this was the only
number of the Herald he had seen at Washing-
ton; this number contained a speech of the same
honorable Senator on the subject of abolition,
which was published without comment, and was
evidence that such speeches were the best matter
for Abolitionists. He thought the Senate was
well employed listening to the reading of disgust-
ing extracts here, for the purpose of impugning
the statements of a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, who could not be present to defend
himself. That Representative [Mr. Piekce, of
New Hampshire] was capable of defending him-
self in this or any other theater, even against the
Senator from South Carolina, who has caused
the disgusting exhibition of reading the ex-
tract.
The petitions spoken of in that paper do not
correctly represent the state of public feeling in
New Hampshire. They were, so far as he had
information, signed in most instances by women
and children, many of whom were utterly igno-
rant of the intent of sending them here. INo peti-
tion from that State had been yet presented; when
they are presented, it may be in better time to
magnify their importance. The Senator from
South Carolina seems anxious to make the num-
ber large; in this anxiety he but verifies what he
(Mr. H.) had stated to be the object of keeping
up the excitement on the floor of Congress.
Mr. H. said he had nothing to say as to the
