1836.]
APPEHDIX TO THE COPTGBBBSI0NAIÜ0L0BE.
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Removal of a Ptntmtsttr—Mri Thtmhi.
■ Ha. ot )Rxi's.
•tendins: of the Senator from South Carolina on
this floor; he believed each and every Senator
stood here on the ground of perfect equality. The
taunting remark of the Senator relative to himself
applied not to him, but to his constituents, to the
freemen who sent him here, and who were not to
be disparaged for intelligence and patriotism by
any invidious comparison with the constituents of
the Senator from South Carolina. One thing he
would say, and that was, -that great as were the
disgust and contempt felt by the Senator from
South Carolina for him, they could not exceed
the contempt and disgust felt for that Senator in
the Stale of New Hampshire, and in all the
North.
Mr. HUBBARD (who was m the chair) asked
the indulgence of the Senate to submit a few re-
marks. He felt as if an apology was due from
him to fee Semite for hot having checked the
reading of the paragraphs from the newspaper
which had just been read by the Secretary. He
was Wholly ignorant of the contents of the paper,
and could not have anticipated the purport of the
article which the Senator from Sonth Carolina
had requested the Secretary to read. He under-
stood the Senator to say that he wished the paper
to be read, to show that tht statement made by the
Senator from New Hampshire as to the feelings
and sentiments of the people of that State, upon
the subject of the abolition Of slavery, were not
corred. It certainly would have-been out of order
for any Senator to have alluded to the remarks
made by a member of the House of Representa-
tives in debate; and, rn bis judgment, it was
equally out of ord r to permit'paragraphs from a
newspaper to be read in the Senate, which went
to impugn the* course of any member of theother
House; and be should not have permitted the
paper to have been read'without the direction of
the Senate, if he had been-aware of die character
of the article.   ___
Mr. CALHOUN Said be was entitled to the
floor, and objected to being interrupted by the
Chair.
Mr. HUBBARD repHed; he bad said alt he
wished to say. The Senator was entitled to the
Boor, and could proceed if he wished.
Mr. CALHOUN"continued. Heknéwnothing
of the paper just presented. He had seen it for
the first time that morning, fend had presented it
to the Senate for no other purpose than to show
from another quarter the state of the Abolition
spirit in New Hampshire. He knew the gentle-
man [Mr.PreacE] who was assailed in that paper,
and was ready to bear testimony to his worth and
high standing. He meant no disrespect to him.
He had presented the paper because it was im-
portant that the real state of things should be
known. It was due from gentlemen of the North
to those of the South to give correct information.
Be did not call those friends of the South who
would disguise the state of things at the North.
He believed, as yet, that the real number of Abo-
litionists was small; btrt he also believed that the
number of those who contemplated ultimate abo-
lition was very great; and that those ardent ad-
dresses in favor of liberty, so constantly made at
the North, must have a deep effect on the young
and rising generation. The spirit of abolition
was not to be trifled with, ft had had its bad
effect on one-of the most powerful Governments
of Europe, and ended disastrously to its colonial
possessions. It was commencing in the same
manner here, and must be net Monee with the
most decided resistance. He repeated, that he
had the greatest respect for the member from New
Hampshire mentioned in the paper just read; and
he took pleasure in bearing testimony to hi  high
•landing and moral worth. He had only «re-
sented the paper to «how the state of things m
New Haotpshire,iUkd that the Senate might judge
whether the abolition spirit waai subsiding there.
Mr. BUCHANAN «aid he did not rise to enter
■into the debate at present. He wished merely to
advert to a mistake, which seemed to be almost
universal, in regard to the motion which be had
made. He had not moved to reject this petition.
His motion was to reject the prayer of the rnemo-
rialists, and thus to decide promptly that slavery
ought not to be abolished within the District of
Colombia.   He had made the strongest motion
he could make consistently with the right of peti-
tion and the respect due to these petitioners. He
might have moved a reference of the memorial to
a committee; but he was prepared at once, and
without any report from a committee, to vote for
rejecting the prayer of the petitioners.
He believed that the Senate had not the power
to refuse to receive the petition. He would,some-
time in the course of this debate, express his
opinion at some length on this subject.
Mr. BENSON rose to sav o. word on the sub-
ject of Mr. Pierce, the member of the House of
Representatives from New Hampshire, whose
statements in the House of Representatives had
been contradicted in the. newspaper article rend
at the Secretary 'ft tahle. Ho had the pleasure of
an intimarte acquaintance with that gentleman,
and the highest respeet for him, both on his ac-
count, ana that of his venerable and patriotic
father, who wan lately Governor of New Hamp-
shire. It bad so happened (Mr. B. said) that at
the very moment of the reading of this article,
the member of the House of Representatives
whose statement it did 'Contradict, was coming
into the Senate Chamber,«ml his whitening coun-
tenance showed the deep emotion excited in his
bosom. The statement which that gentleman had
made in the House was in the highest degree
consolatory and agreeable; to the people of the
slaveholding States. He had «aid that not one
in five hundred in his State was in favor of the
Abolitionists; an expression understood by every-
body, not as an arithmetical proposition worked
out by figures, bat as a strong mode of declaring
that these Abolitionists were few in number. In
that sense it was understood, and was- a most
welcome and agreeable piece of information to the
people of the slaveholding States. The news-
paper-article contradidta him, and Vaunts the num-
ber of the Abolitionists, and the numerous signers
to their petition. Now, (said Mr. B.,) the mem-
ber from the House of Representatives [Mr.
Pieuce] 'has this moment informed me that he
knows nothing <ff these petitions, and knows
nothing to change his opinion as to the small num-
ber of Abolitionists in his State. Mr. B. thought,
therefore, that his statement ought not to be con-
sidered as discredited by the newspaper publica-
tion, and he,for one,should «till give faith to his
Opinion.
Mr. B. then took up the bill reported by the
•elect committee on incendiary publications, and
read the section which forbids their transmission
by mail, and subjected the postmasters to fine
and loss of offiee who would putt them up for
transmission; and wished to know whether this
incendiary publication, which had been read at
the Secretary's table, would be included in the
prohibition! aftef being so read, and thus become
a part of bur debates ? As a publieationin New
Hampshire, it was clearly forbid; as a part of
-Oar congressional proceedings, would it still be
forbid? There was a iWBcultyin this, (he said,)
take it either way. If it could still be inculcated
-from this floor, the* the prohibition in the bill
was mere child's play-, if it could not, and all the
city papers which contained it were to be «topped,
then the other congressional proceedings, in the
same paper, would be stopped also, and thus the
people would be prevented from knowing what
their representatives were doing. It seemed to
him to be but lame work to stop incendiary pub-
lication  in the villages where they were printed,
and then to circulate them from this Chamber
among the proceedings of Congress; and that,
issuing from this center, and spreading to all
-theupotnts of the ch-eumfereBCo of this extended
Union, one reading here would give it ten thou-
sand times more notoriety and difltaaiM1 than ttae
printing of it in the village could do. He con-
cluded with expressing his wish that the reporters
would not copy into their account of the debate
the paper that was read. It was too offensive to
the member of the House, [Mr. Pibkcx,] and
Would be too disagreeable to the people of the
Slaveholding States, to be entitled to a place in
Our debates, and to become a part of our congres-
sional history, to be diffiued over the country in
the gazettes, and transmitted to posterity in the
volume* of debate . He hoped they wotdd ail
omit it.
REMOVAL, OF A POSTMASTER.
REMARKS OF HON. F. THOMAS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House or Representative!,
June 1, 1836,
Concerning the removal of the Postmaster at Clearaprlag,
Maryland-
Mr. THOMAS appeared in the House when
Mr. Wise had concluded his remarks on  the
amendment of Mr. Harlan to strike out a clause
in the post Office bill, and inquired how his name
had been connected with the discussion ?
Mr. WISE said he had read a letter of Mr.
Thomas to Mr. Ridenour, who had been removed
from the post office at Clearspring.notforthe pur-
pose of impeaching the motives of Mr. Thomas
in the matter to which the letter referred, but
simply to «how that Mr. Kendall had not stated
the whole truth in his letter to Mr. Ridenour.
Mr. THOMAS said he would not recogniao
the right of the House, and certainly must not
be understood to admit, in what he should say,
that any member of the House had either the
right or the power to call on him to justify hia
conduct towards Mr. Ridenour. For that con-
duct he was responsible to his own sense of pro-
priety and justice, and to his constituents alone.
Nevertheless, as his letter had been read, he would
take the occasion to say, that there was no part
of it which he desired to qualify in the least de-
gree . He had acted deliberately on the principie*
contained in that letter; he would, under like cir-
cumstances, do What he had done again; and
moreover, he had ho respect for any man who
would, circumstanced as he had been in this cose
have acted Otherwise than he had done. Those
who had token the trouble to Send this letter to
the gentleman from Virginia, being probably the
same persons who had impertinently forwarded
to him certain proceedings concerning it, would
be undeceived, if tbey had supposed that he was
not prepared to vindicate the principles upon
which he had acted, whenever and by whomso
ever assailed. He never had cherished.and never
would privately cherish, any motive of politwal
conduct which he was ashamed, nay, was not
wiHing, to proclaim publicly to be hi , in any
assembly in Christendom. The facts in this case
are these t About two years since, while Major
Ba-ry was Postmaster General, I received from
him a letter, requesting me to name an individual
to be appointed postmaster at Clearspring, in
place of the then incumbent. This request being
unexpected, I was not prepared to comply with
it. My acquaintance in the town where the post
office is situated was not •such as to enable me to
decide who would be best qualified and most ac-
ceptable to the people of the district. To procure
the necessary information, I wrote to a gentle-
man in that neighborhood, (Dr. Wharton,) whose
name appears in the proceedings referred to by
the gent lema;) from Virginia, and asked him to
recommend a suitable person. I desired to have
selected a political friend, and expected that owe
of that class would be recommended by the. gen-
tleman whom I had consulted. He and myself
had been then but recently elected by nearly a
party vote in the deampTing district, where our
friends constituted a majority, one of ustp take
a seat here, and the other in the House of Dele-
gates-of the State. Awllsapposédithathewoaia
coincide with rae in the opinion that, to aw o««e
absottobe made vacant by the removal of a-po-
litiwl friend,  n in-dividual of the sawe class
OBRTit to bs appointed, if well qualified to perform
its duties. ^Whatever may be thought of the
liberality or justice «f this sentiment in the ab-
stract, lfeel certain that no honorable man wdl
contend that the National Administration ought
not to give * preference to its friends tn Mary-
land, Hi M rt*w gppoMmtnti to be made there,
provided the public interests are w*u protected
and preserved. In no part of this Union has po-
litical power, party dominio , been felt more
sensibly than in Maryland.
Knowing, as I do, the inexorable character or
the proscripáon which has been practiced by the
Whig   f that State, 1 have been filled with di«-
5
