;                                             APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             [February 10,
24th Cong.... 1 st Sess.                              National Defense—Mr. Brown.                                                       Senate.
ment of the House with the amendment itaelf, it I
would be found that the constitutional objections
of the gentleman applied much stronger to that
than to the amendment proposed by the House.
Permit me (said Mr B ) to call the attention of
the Senate to the striking difference between the
amendment of the House ot Representatives and
the report ot the committee o( conterence, the
latter of which met the concurrence of the gen-
tleman and lus triends. The amendment made
the appropriation contingent in the first instance,
and did not call for the expenditure of the money
unless such expenditure became necessary to place
the country in a posture of defense. It was hm-
jted to the next session of Congress; and permit
me (said Mr. B.) to observe, that it was actually
more specific in ita language than the substitute
proposed by the committee of conference. In
defining the objects of the expenditure, it went on
to say that it was for fortifications, for ordnance,
and (or th« naral service, while the substitute
proposed to appropriate the money for the forti-
fications and for the naval service only, leaving
out the word " ordnance." The one «as limited
and the other was unlimited, possessing no qual-
ification whatever by which the Executive was
to be bound. Therefore, * hilst honorable gentle-
men were endeavoring to shield themselves from
the consequences of having rejected the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives under the
wide panoply of the Constitution, it appeared to
bins that they themselves had been inflicting a
severer blow on that instrument than that which
they had professed so much anxiety to avert.
Gentlemen had very suddenly discovered that
Appropriations, to be properly made by Congress,
should first be recommended by the Executive.
Many had said that the $3,000,000 appropriation
was unconstitutional, because the Executive did
not step forward, and say to Congress that this
«am of money was wanted for the exigencies of
-he country. He should like to know in what
part of the Constitution gentlemen found the
¿lause denying to Congress the power to appro-
priate money w ithout that recommendation' The
practice of making specific appropriations had
often been departed from-, if there was one right
clearly belonging to Congress, it was the right to
appropriate money of their own free will and dis-
cretion, and to tell the Executive how he should
apply it for the public service, without waiting
for his application or recommendation. The Ex-
ecutive could control this discretion in no way
but by withholding his signature to bills making
•uch appropriations. It appeared that honorable
gentlemen bad fallen into this error by looking at
the monarchical institutions of the Old World.
In the British Parliament, the King's Minister
produces the annual budget,and asks the appro-
priations it calls for;and when these are granted,
the King returns thanks to his faithful Commons
for their liberal supply. There was a wide dif-
ference between this practice and that of our
republican Government. The Congress of the
United Slates appropriates money for the public
service, to be expended under the direction of the
President, but they did not grant it to turn, as the
British Commons did to their King. Suppose,
however, that the President at the last session of
Congress had complied with the wishes of gentle-
men, as now expressed, and had stated that the
public service required additional appropriations,
and had asked Congress to make them. Is it not
probable (said Mr. B.) if the President had made
such a recommendation to Congress, that we
should have heard rung in our ears the cry of
dictation; that he wanted tins money, not for the
public service, but for electioneering purposes;
or that the appropriation would result in war,
into which the Executive was anxious to plunge
the country' If those in opposition had not done
so, they would have departed from their usual
course in reference to the measures of this Ad-
ministration. Gentlemen would probably have
escaped from such Executive dictation, and re-
fused to vote the money, by resorting to the dex-
trous logic of a celebrated kniglit, who, when
pressed for reasons, refused to give them " on
compulsion."
The gentleman from Delaware bad said that
tb,e friends of Mr. Jefferson here had abandoned
.all tJM leteoaa wcuJiated by that statesman with
I regard to the expenditure of the public money.
He thanked him for " that woid," and rejoictd
that he had identified the friends of the Adminis-
tration with that great mil). But in w lntiespc ct
(*>aul Mr. B ) ha\e we departid fiom the policy
of Mr Jefferson' It w«ia favoute principle of
his, which had been followed up by his party
eversince, that specific appropriations should be
made in all cases where it was possible to do so,
but it was a practice of hisadimnistruion to relax
that republican rule when the public service re-
quired it. In the case adverted to by the Sena-
tors from Tennessee and Penns) lvumn, in the
administration of Mr. Jefferson, when an appro-
priation of $2,000,000 was made, having in view
the purchase of Louisiana, that appropriation was
made in terms as general as it was possible to
imagine; and the discretion granted to the Exec-
utive was far beyond that contemplated in the
amendment of the House of Representatives of
the last session In the latter case, the money
was appropriated in a season of great emergency
for the defenses of the country, under the most
reasonable apprehensions of great difficulties with
France, and the expenditure was limited to the
next session of Congress, when an account was
to be exhibited for every dollar expended
He would not (said Mr. B ) pursue the remarks
of the gentleman fiom Delaware further. With
the controversy between an honorable member
of the other House and another gentleman of this
hody, to whose assistance the Senator from Del-
aware had so gallantly come, neither him nor his
political friends had anything to do. One of the
heroes renowned in Grecian story was esteemed
fortunate in having the deroted and faithful Pa-
trodu3 as his friend; equally so was the gentle-
man whose cause had been so well defended here;
but he trusted that the gentleman from Delaware
would not, like the friend of the Grecian hero,
become the victim of his own generous fidelity.
Here Mr. Brown yielded the floor at the in-
stance of Mr. Grükdt, who moved an adjourn-
ment; but before the question was taken, at the
request of Mr. Crittenden, of Kentucky, it was
for a moment withdrawn, when he entered into
an explanation of some of his views which had
been remarked on by Mr. B.; after which, on
motion of Mr. Grondt, the Senate adjourned.
Thursday, Fcínrwry 10, 1336.
The Senate having resumed the consideration
of the sub|ect on the following day—
Mr. BROWN (in continuation) said, he had
to express the obligations he felt under to the
Senate for the indulgence that had been granted
him by an adjournment on the last evening He
would endeavor to requite it by disposing of the
remaining topics yet to be noticed as speedily as
he could with justice to himself. The charge had
been repeatedly made on that floor, and echoed
elsewhere, that a great effort was making to pros-
trate that branch of the Government, (the Sen-
ate,) that a war was waging against it, and that
that war was made by the President of the United
States and the party who supported him. If war
had been made against the foenate, it had not been
i made by the Chief Magistrate, or by the party
I who supported him, but, in his opinion, it had
been muele upon the Senate by itself. The course
of measures pursued by that body had produced
more injuiious consequences, so far as itself is
Concerned, than could possibly result from any
i action of the Executive, however hostile to it.
Who commenced that course of hostility said to
be existing between tlie President and his con-
1 stitutional advisers' Let the Journals of that
body answer; let the ever to be remembered ses-
sion t>f 1634 explain who were the first aggres-
sor .
The Chief Magistrate had been arraigned, tried,
and condemned without a hearing, for having
done that which he believed to be his duty, by a
resolution passed by a decided majority; and this,
in his opinion, and in the opinion of a vast ma-
i jonty of the people of the United States, was done
directly in violation of the Constitution, which
gives to the House of Representatives only the
power of impeachment.   This was a manifest |
.usurpation of power, and a war waged by the I
Senate against the President,   if the Senate had I
lost moral power in the nation—if it had lost that
salutary influence in the councils of the countiy
it ought nghtful'y to posse as — such loss had
resulted fiom another eiieumstance than the one
supposed by gentlcmt n who had adverted to it.
It liad íesiilted fiom the fact that it had arinyed
itst It ngtinst publit opinion, and hud not y icldcd
to it that respect whieh it was entitled to under
our form of Government. He admitted that this
body was constituted to cheek those ebullitions
of popular feeling w Inch must at times i íse in all
Governments; but it ne\er was constituted to
stand up against settled public opinion, when it
had been npeatedly spoken.
We all remember, (said Mr. B ,) in 1834, the
great effort to break down the popularity ot the
present Administration, and to achieve success
for the bank and its partisans by making unceas-
ing appeals to the fears of a free, a high-minded,
and enlightened people. 1 contend (said Mr. B.)
if the Senate has lost power, it is from its own
actions, and not from any other branch of the
Government. It had been said, if the Senate was
not popular now, a brighter day was coming, and
that the virtue and intelligence of the people
would yet preserve it from destiuction. Yes, sir,
(said Air. B.,) the people will preserve it, but it
will be by infusing into it gradually a strong por-
tion of popular feeling, and one more congenial
to their own.
His honorable colleague had inquired, a few
days ago,in what manner the appropriation bill,
containing the amendment of $3,000,000 by the
House of Representatives at the last session,
came here indorsed; and had said it came to this
body indorsed by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House of Represent-
atives, and a prominent member of the "spoils
party." Sir, (said Mr. B.,) that bi'l came here
indorsed in a manner which ought to have enti-
tled it to the highest respect, it was sanctioned
by the popuhr branch of our national Legis-
lature— that branch whose province it is to
originate appropriations for the public service,
through the hands of one of its most important
committees, which, he thought, was an indorse-
ment sufficient to secure for it a proper degree of
respect in this branch of the Legislature. His
colleague had also adverted to the great influence
possessed by the Executive, which, brought to
bear, in the shape of patronage, on the Legisla-
tures of the different States, was producing the
most dangerous effects. He was well aware that
those who constituted the dominant paity in this
country were often taunted by those in opposi-
tion with the appellation of the *' spoils party."
The charge had been so oftt n made, that, although
it had as often been successfully refuted, yet he
could not pass over it without giving it some no-
tice As far as his own State was concerned, it
was his duty to meet it. He would be faithless
to them, as a portion of the Democratic party, if
he did not vindicate them, at least, from an im-
putation which, so fa i as it might be intended to
apply to them, did great injustice. He did not
hesitate to say, that he had no doubt, from in-
formation in which he placed the most implicit
confidence, derived fi om gentlemen of the highest
respectability, and whose oppoitunmes of acquir-
ing a correct knowledge of the sub|ect were the
greatest, that a vast majority of the Federal offices
in Noith Carolina were filled by men in opposi-
tion to the Administration.
He had been informed, and believed it to be the
fact, that all the officers connected with the judi-
cial y of the United States in North Carolina, were
known as belonging to the Opposition.   As re-
garded those who held offices in the íevenue ser-
vice of the United States, an equal number, if not
a majority, are said to be of the same class as to
then politics.    He had obtained sufficient inform-
ation as regarded the political sentiments of those
who are in office as postmasters in North Cato-
lina, to warrant the belief that a very large ma-
jority are of the Opposition party.    Fi om state-
ments which  he  then   had in  his  possession,
vouched for ns they were by the signatures of
those who had furnished them, with thelibeity of
I   inspection to any gentleman there who might de-
|  sire to examine them—made, too, by those who
I  had the beBt opportunities of correct personal
I knowledge, it appeared that, in three of the con-
