loo
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Cushing.
Ho. op Reps.
c¡p]e_the great principle of democratic liberty,
which is the foundation stone of this Republic. .
It is for the sacred and inalienable rights of the
people that 1 here contend. I should regard the
exclusion of petitions from the consideration of
the House as a high-handed invasion of the im-
r rescriptible r'ghts of the constituency of the
country, of whom we are the representatives, not
the dictators; and it is for that reason I take my
stand against it on the very threshold.
Sir, 1 am a republican; and I desire to see this
House observe the principles of that democracy
which is ever on the lips of its members, and
which I hope is in their hearts, as I know and
feel it is in mine, and mean it shall be in my con- ;
duct. This Republic was called into being, organ- ;
ized, and is upheld, by a great political doctrine.
Thatdoctine is, that the people alone are supreme;
that they are the fountains of power; that all ,
magistrates are the delegated agents of the people, ,
for the purposes limited and prescribed in their
letters of appointment and the general laws of
the land; that the constituents of a member of this
House have the right to give instructions to him
individually; and that every individual one of !
the people has a right to be heard by petition on
the floor of this House. These are among the
things which I understand to constitute the prin-
ciples of democracy; those general principles,
which I learned in my boyhood with my cate-
chism, in the bill of rights prefixed to the consti-
tution of my own State; which, on maturerstudy,
I have seen to be avowed more or less distinctly
in all the constitutions of this Republic, and of
each of its constituent republics; which I per-
ceive to be defended and applauded in the writings
of the great text authors of political science in
modern times; and which, after being for the first
time practically exemplified in our own institu-
tions, have gone forth over the universe, toppling
down thrones, and raising up freemen, through
all the nations of Christendom.
And whilst I feel impelled by such convictions
to resist the summary rejection of this petition
upon principle, I am irresistibly led to the same
conclusion by considerations of policy and expe-
diency. I deny that such considerations should
decide the question; but seeing they have been
urged into it, I shall concede to them all due re-
spect.
We have been told that the prayer of the peti-
tion is for a thing which the Constitution does
not permit to Congress, and so the petition itself
should not be received.    I ask of the House how i
it appears that we have no right by the Constitu-1
tion to legislate upon the subject-matter of the j
petition?    It may be so; and it may not.    One
member of the House has earnestly averred that
it is; another that it is not.   Which of them is \
right?   I confess, for myself, that I cannot think
it becomes the House to decide either way,upon |
the mere ipse dixit of individual members.    He-
sides, the petition calls in question not only sla-
very, but also the commerce in slaves.    And will
any gentleman affirm that the slave trade of the
District is among those holy.things which Con-
gress may not constitutionally handle?   Is this
District set apart by the Constitution, under what-
ever changes of opinion or fact the progress of
civilization may introduce, to be unchangeably
and forever a general slave market for the rest of
the Union?   I confess that I, again, am disap-
pointed in that, among all the confident things
said in denial of the constitutional powers of
Congress in this matter; there has not been, so
far as [ remember, any systematic argument on
the perfectly distinct branches of the double con-
stitutional question involved  in it, namely: the
slave property, and the slave traffic of this Dis-
trict.   And what shall be said of our constitu-
tional power in the purchased Territories, under
the jurisdiction of the United States, to which
some of those petitions apply ?   And what clause
of the Constitution restricts the.right of petition
to constitutional things?    This House cannot
grant beyond its powers; these are limited by the
Constitution; but the people may petition  for
anything; for the right of petition is, by the Con-
stitution, secured forever against any and every
limitation or restriction.
. But then it is said that the subject-matter of the
petition does not admit of debate; that the delib-
erate consideration of it, and the decision of it in
the ordinary course of business, would be fraught
with disastrous consequences to the peace of the
South and the general tranquillity of the Union.
Deeming this argument of more weight than the
other, I will give to it more careful attention, es-
pecially as on this point gentlemen have appealed
with great force of language to the patriotic con-
sideration of the North.
In the first place, I aver that I, and those with
whom I have acted or voted, did not seek debate
on this subject. We felt anxious, almost univer-
sally, to avoid it. The members from Massachu-
setts at least have not invited, and until it had
been under discussion among other gentlemen for
a whole month, they scarcely participated in the
agitation of the subject in this House. We sat
here week after week, submitting, for the sake
of public peace, to hear in silence the harshest
reflections upon our constituents, and listening,
with surprised curiosity, to the strangest legal
and political heresies, uttered as confidently as if
they were gospel truths communicated by Divine
inspiration. One of my colleagues [Mr. Adams]
did, indeed, beseech gentlemen not to provoke
him to a discussion of the subject; and thus it
went on, untouched by us, until another of my
colleagues [Mr. HoAn] could no longer abstain
from the temperate defense of the Constitution
and of his fellow-citizens.
In the second place, I do devoutly believe that
gentlemen misjudge,if theysuppose that agitation
out of doors is to be arrested by the quashing of
these petitions on their very introduction to this
House. With my whole heart I accord in the
view of the subject taken some time since by
an honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hunt,] and which I know is taken by one of
the wisest and most trusted of the statesmen of
Virginia, now a member of the other branch of
Congress. If there be any plausible reason for
supposing that we have the right to legislate on
the slave interests of the District, you cannot put
down the investigation of the subject out of doors,
by refusing to receive petitions. On the contrary,
you give the petitioners new force and efficiency,
by giving them a new cause of complaint and of
excitement. Nor do you attain anything, so far
as this House is concerned; for, by shutting out
petitions, you do not shut out debate; any mem-
ber of the House can bring on debate any day,
by moving some general resolution applicable to
the subject. On the other hand, if it be so certain
that Congress have no power in this matter, or
having power, ought not to exercise it, then let
the House establish those points in the usual way,
by a deliberate report, elaborated in the closet,
by a committee of the ablest men upon this floor,
and considerately adopted by the House. The
argument by which this course is withstood,goes
upon afalse assumption. It assumes for granted
that the people of the United States are not to be
reasoned with; that their opinions can be put
down by bold and broad assertions at this or the
other end of the Capitol; and that they are not
to be trusted with the facts and law of the case.
Here, again, as I conceive, gentlemen forget that
this Government is a republican one, resting
exclusively in the intelligence and virtue of the
people. 1, for one, am willing they should look
into any of the clauses of the Constitution, and
be fully informed of the merits of every question
arising under it, never doubting that, in the end,
their decision upon it will be just, true, and
patriotic. Or is it that gentlemen are afraid to
meet a proper scrutiny of the subject? Do they
shrink from a fair and full examination of its
merits or demerits?
Sir, allusion has been made, in an early stage
of this debate, to the history of the excitement
which once pervaded a considerable part of the
country in reference to the transportation of the
mails on the Lord's day. It is undoubtedly a
pregnant case, directly in point. But I have an-
other case, yet more cogent and pertinent.
Within less than one year after the adoption
of the Constitution, there came to Congress peti-
tions, chiefly from New York, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, and Virginia, and especially from the
Society of Friends, praying Congress to suppress
I
the slave trade, and to interpose, in various ways,
within the limits of the several States, in the
melioration of the condition of the colored popu-
lation of the South. I have examined the jour-
nals giving the records of the proceedings in this
House; I have looked into the history of the times,
to understand the grounds of the disposition then
made of those petitions. In the outset, I will
observe, that the debates on the subject present
a remarkable parallel with what has taken place
under my own eyes in this House. Messrs.
Jackson, Baldwin, Tucker, Smith, and some
other gentlemen from the South, insisted, as we
now hear it insisted, that the petitions should be
summarily rejected, without commitment. They
alleged the same reasons;such as unconstitutional
object, and pernicious effects of the discussion
upon the interests of the slaveholding States. One
gentleman did, I believe, what I suppose would
hardly be done at this day, enter into an elab-
orate vindication of the transatlantic slave trade.
But there was one most eminent and most patri-
otic member of that House, a man as calm in
judging as he was deliberate in acting, who had
himself been instrumental among the first in lay-
ing the foundation of this Union; who since then
has successively filled the highest stations which
the laws of his country acknowledge; and who
yet lives, in a venerable old age, to receive the
admiration of his countrymen, and to enjoy the
rare felicity of surviving, as it were, a witness of
the honors bestowed upon him by posterity.
Sero redeat in caelum. Long may it be ere he
depart from among us, to take his place among
the great and glorious of other times. Sir, the
House well anticipate that I have in my eye
James Madison the younger, who stood forth to
pour upon the troubled waves of that day the oil
of peace and gladness. God grant there may yet
be found among his patriotic countrymen some
good and great man—a better and a greater there
cannot be—now to perform the self-same office
for the Republic.
At that crisis, in the very greenness of the im-
mature youth of the Constitution, when it was
least able to bear the shock of sectional collision,
Mr. Madison, southerner as he was, steadily op-
posed his friends from the South, and success-
fully advocated the commitment of the petitions.
I submit to the House his speech, as I find it very
briefly reported in the newspapers of that day:
" Mr. Madison observed, that it was his opin-
1 ion yesterday that the best way to proceed in
' this business was to commit the memorial with-
• out any debate on the subject. From what ha 
' taken place, he was more convinced of the pro-
' priety of the idea. But as the business has en-
' gaged the attention of many members, he would
*  offer a few observations for the consideration of
' the House. He then entered into a critical re-
' view of the circumstances respecting the adop-
' tion of the Constitution, the ideas upon the
1 limitation of the power of Congress to interfere
' in the regulation of the commerce in slaves, and
' showing that they undoubtedly were not pre-
* eluded from interposing in their importation, and
'generally to regulate the mode in which every
' species of business shall be transacted. He
' adverted to the western country and the cession
' of Georgia, in which Congress have certainly
■ the power to regulate the subject of slavery,
' which shows that gentlemen are mistaken in
' supposing that Congress cannot constitutionally
• interfere in the business in any degree whatever.
' He was in favorof committing the petition,and
'justified the measure by repeated precedents in
' the proceedings of the House."
I produce this speech, not for the purpose of
adopting all its views, for some of them I confess
are new to me, and such as I have not had time
or means to investigate; but in order to show
conclusively what Mr. Madison deemed wise and
Íiroper to be done in a contingency so precisely
ike the present. Accordingly, all the petitions
were committed to a select committee; that com-
mittee made a report; that report was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and discussed
on four successive days; it was then reported to
the House with amendments, and by the House-
ordered to be inscribed on its Journals, and then
laid on the table.
