102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Relief of Sufferers by Fire in New York—Mr. Brovm.
Ho. of Reps.
'from the day trhen the wne were paid." That is,
«11 those u ho paid their bonds after the fire, shall
have the amount thereof retunded, upon giving
new bonds to the collector, payable in thiee,
foui.and live years. Clothe the principles in-
volved m this proviso as you please; wrap them
in as much mystery as may be, still I again say,
eir, the plain Engl.ah of the whole proviso is to
authorize the collector of the district of New York
to loan out, upon bond, all tin'  money which he
has received thereon since the fire. 1 am willing
that the collector of that city may continue to be
the receiver of public moneys; but he shall not,
•with my consent, be appointed to loan out the
money belonging to the people. Where is the
money which has been paid to the collector since
the tire, in payment of bonds due the Govern-
ment5 If it be still in the hands of the collector,
then Congress has no powei over it. The only
■way in which he can be reached for that amount
of funds, is upon his bond; but if they have gone,
as they ought, Into the Treasury, then that money
cannot be drawn therefrom, except by special
appropriation.
The patrons of the bill have asserted that
should the proviso be retained in the bill, that of
itself will make an appropriation, to be disbursed
by the collector, as therein contemplated. Well,
sir, for the sake of the argument, I admit that
such would be the effect. But the patrons of the
bill may grasp either horn of the dilemma which
they choose. If it has not gone into the Treasury,
then Congress is called upon to loan out money
over which it has not any control; and if it be
in the Treasury, then Congress have no right, no
power, to make the contemplated appropriation.
In neither point of view, therefore, can I vote
in favor of retaining this provision of the bill. I
ask the committee, if a proposition was now before
Congress to appropriate five millions of money,
to be loaned out on bond by the collector of the
city of New York, whether this committee would
consent to grant such an appropriation3 This,
sir, is the true test. All those who would make
such an appropriation, and appoint the collector
of the city of New York to be the agent of the
Government to loan out the money, will vote
against the proposed amendment. But, sir, all
those who believe that Congress has no constitu-
tional right to establish a broker's office, for the
purpose of letting out the money of the Govern-
ment, will vote with me in favor of striking out
the provision of the bill which has been men-
tioned. If this is done, the bill shall have my
support—otherwise not.
Mr. BROWN said he had obtained the floor
not so much with a view to enter into an elaborate
examination of the principles of the bill, as to
recommend it earnestly and urgently, but respect-
fully, to the immediate action and final judgment
of the House. A proposition similar in its char-
acter had been introduced by the Committee of
Ways and Means near two months since, and it
was upon the 20th of January that the bill under
discussion came from the Senate with nearly the
unanimous approbation of that body. Honorable
gentlemen could not but be aware of the conse-
quences of this inactivity on the part of the House
of Representatives. Bonds for a large amount
■were lying oWr-due and unpaid at the custom-
house; the public cieditor had encountered diffi-
culties in making his usual entries; the importers
of foreign goods found their business in a state
of doubt and uncertainty; commercial interests
and operations of the greatest variety and magni-
tude were suspended upon the issue of the ques-
tion; and he earnestly hoped—he entreated, that
whatever was done, whether it should be the
adoption or rejection of the bill, or the substitu-
tion of some other measure of relief in its place,
should be done quickly and without further delay.
He confessed he had been unable to see the
force and efficacy of some of the arguments of-
fered in the progress of the debate. It had been
said, (with great truth he was willing to believe,)
that the New York merchants had discharged all
their obligations to the Government, with prompt-
ness and fidelity, and in the aggregate had paid
more than three hundred millions into the Treas-
ury. This fact, so creditable to their enterprise
and honorable to their character, could have no
influence upon his mind. It could form no foun-
dation for legislative aid or interposition in a case
like the present. It did, indeed, afford the best
assurance to the nation that the bonds would be
faithfully paid when they came to maturity, but
beyond that it could not have the weight of a
feather upon the judgment of the committee. He
might as well be told that the receipt of eleven
millions within the past year from the sale of the
public lands would justify and support the mul-
tiplied claims upon the national domain, which
were so repeatedly and persevenngly pressed
upon the consideration of Congress. Arguments
in the form of appeals to the passions, to the
sympathies, and st nsibihties of membeis, were
alike teeble and ineffectual, and must be rejected
as inapplicable to the business of national legis-
lation. He was not insensible to the multiplied
and innumerable instances of individual and per-
sonal suffering, to the wreck of puvate fortune,
the destruction of private property, the unmit-
igated rum and desolation which had followed in
the train of the late fire in New Yoik. Where-
ever like calamities visited the abodes and habita-
tions of men, whether they fell upon the great
citiesofthe sea-board,orthe more humble hamlets
of the interior, such were the terrible and inev-
itable consequences; yet he doubted very much
whether it was upon such considerations as in-
dividual distress or personal suffering, that the
principles of the bill could be maintained, or its
provisions recommended to the favorable opinion
of the committee. There were a large and nu-
merous portion of the sufferers—and by far the
most helpless and indigent, and on that account
the most meritorious portion—who were, unfor-
tunately, beyond the reach of any aid or assist-
ance which Congress could give; and they found
themselves in this position, not because they were
without equal and paramount claims upon the
public sympathy, and equally and especially the
objects of the public bounty—could that bounty
be legally and constitutionally exercised — but
solely because they maintained no connections
or relations with the Government which could
authorize or justify its interference in their be-
half.
Honorable gentlemen had objected to the bill
because the relief it proposed to grant was partial
in principle, and would be unequal in its applica-
tion: that it did notembrace within its provisions
the pooier and more humble class of suffeiers as
well as the importers of foreign goods. He was
willing to admit there was force in the objection,
and he as willingly believed that no bill could be
framed adapted to all the exigencies of the case.
But if the event out of which the measure origin-
ated was such as justified and demanded the in-
terposition of Government, upon considerations
which he would name hereafter, it should not fail
and be defeated, because it was impossible to
make it equal and universal in its operation. Lim-
ited and restrained as the power of Congress ne-
cessarily was, upon no question could it be more
circumscribed than upon a proposition to mitigate
the consequences of calamities, such as formed
the subject of the present debate. Governments
do not undertake to repair the losses of their cit-
izens occasioned by fire, by flood, or by tempest,
nor to insure against the multiplied accidents to
which property and the acquisitions of industry
are perpetually exposed. However deeply (said
Mr. B.) our sympathies may be awakened, and
our feelings exeited by the eloquent and touching
appeals which honorable members have felt it
their duty to make; however grateful it might be
to us individually, to extend relief to the suffer-
ing citizens of New York, without qualification
or distinction; we cannot forget that we are here
to represent others, not to act for ourselves. We
are here in the exercise of a specific and limited
authority—that the public treasure is not at our
disposal for the purposes of benevolence or char-
ity. And if we interfere at all, it must be upon
some known and positive principle of policy and
expediency, having immediate connection with
the public interest.
He thought he had been able to find the exist-
ence of that principle in the relations maintained
between a portion of the sufferers and the Govern-
ment, in regard to the collection and security of
the revenue, and in the obligation imposed upon
Congress to sustain the financial and oommeicial
operations of the country, under the piessineand
derangement consequent upon the dtstruction of
so laige an amount of its active capital. The im-
porting merchants were the dcbtois of the Gov-
ernment upon custom-house bonds for something
like four millions of dollars. They were the
agents of the Treasury in the collection of its
revenue. A sudden, unfoieseen, and appallm 
calamity, without a parallel in human history,
had consumed their íesources, and crippled their
energies. The duties secured upon the bonds
would, most probably, all be íeah/ed, if the
time of payment was postponed, but if immediate
payment was pressed, no one could undeitake to
say what the result might be. Congress was not
asked to give away the money, nor to release the
debts, but only to prolong the credit to a moie
propitious period of time. Was there anything
unconstitutional or unreasonable m so plain a
proposition5 Could it be an unjustifiable or an
improper exeioise of authority, for the Govern-
ment to do that for the suffenng public debtor
which no gentleman could refuse to his private
debtor, whilp laboring under similar misfortunes'
It was manifest to his mind that the passage of
the bill under consideration would not only in-
crease the security of the Government, and afford
the public debtor time and opportunity to meet
his engagements, but would also supply the busi-
ness tiansactions of the country with apoition
of that element so essential to their vigor and
vitality.
The city of New Yoik, from her supei lor posi-
tion, hei facilities for commercial inteicoursc,and
the vast extent and variety of hei foreign and
domestic transactions, exercised a poweilul and
contioiling influence over all the business pursuits
and occupations of men. Her enteipi ising and
adventurous capitalists have pushed then invest-
ments into eveiy region of trade, and eveiy de-
partment of human industiy. Their ships were
seen upon the bosom of every sea, and their can-
vas was swept onwaid with the force of every
gale. It was substantially their means which en-
abled the Government recently to realize eleven
millions from the sales of the public lands. The
Bank and Trust Company stocks, the stocks
created for works of internal imoiovement, in
every section of the Union, are, in a great meas-
ure, based upon their cicdtt and resources. The
western States had been liberal, if not prodigal
in the creation of such properly within the past
year. The State of Indiana alone had authorized
a credit of ten millions for purposes of internal
improvement, and it was not moie certain that
the waters of the Wabash and the Mississippi
would continue to flow onwards, and mingle with
the ocean, than that all these stocks would ulti-
mately seek a market in the city of New York.
No portion of the country could be indifferent to
the annihilation of twenty-five millions of cap-
ital in a single night, and he could not believe it
possible that the Government would withhold the
i aid contemplated by the bill from those who had
encountered the first fury of the storm.
The bill embraced within its provisions two
classes of public debtors having bonds at the
custom-house in New York: those who had lost
i property by the fire exceeding in value the sum
\ of one thousand dollars, and those who had not
1 suffered such loss. It proposed to extend the time
for payment of the bonds of thefirstclass,amount-
ing to something like one million, to periods not
exceeding three, four, and five years, and the time
forpayment of those of the second class, amount-
ing to nearly three millions, for six, nine, and
twelve months, to be computed from the time the
same shall severally fall due. These four millions
was the money of the people, a part of the com-
mon treasure of the nation; for while the importer
was the agent or instrument to collect, it was in
fact the consumer who ultimately paid the duties
upon foreign goods. He saw no good reason why
the importing merchant should have the use and
enjoyment of the public money without some
equivalent paid to the Government; and he there-
fore thought that interest at the rate of four per
cent, should be imposed as a condition of extend-
ing the time of payment.   He would cheerfully
