1836.)
APPENDIX TO THB CONGRESSIONAL OLOBIfc
108
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defence—A . Wright.
Ho, oii RcpV.
▼ote for the bill in its present form, although he
would prefer that the prolonged credit should
carry interest as a partial indemnity for the addi-
tional hazard, if for no other reason. In conclu-
sion, he would avail himself of the present oppor-
tunity to say, that inasmuch as the prospeets of
the future were bright with the promises of tran-
quillity and peace, there was every assurance that
large appropriations for public defense would not
be demanded. If Congress, therefore, should re-
ject the bill, and insist upon the payment of the
bonds, its only effect would be to swell the un-
appropriated surplus of more than ten millions
already in the Treasury. And he put it to the
judgment of the committee to say whether the
four millions proposed tobe postponed would not
be more beneficially employed in the business of
the country, than it would be lying comparatively
idle and inactive in the vaults of the deposit
banks.
NATIONAL DEFENCE—THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON. SILAS WRIGHT,
OP NEW YORK,
Ik the Senate, February 17,1836.
The «pecial order—Colonel Bexto-T  resolutions—were
announced from the Chair.
Mr. WRIGHT, being entitled to the floor, said:
Mr. President: I took the floor on Friday last
to detain the Senate with any remarks of mine,
in the course of this debate, with extreme reluc-
tance; a reluctance arising from the manifest de-
sire of this body to terminate the discussion, and
come to the question. The reluctance thus felt
was greatly increased by the knowledge that many
members upon both sides of the House under-
stood that the debate was to «lose with the etoaing
Speech of -the mover of the resolutions, {Colonel
Benton,] and that the question was to be taken
when he should resume his seat. My own desire
that the resolutions should receive, if possible,
the unanimous vote of the Senate, still further
increased my unwillingness to protract the dis-
cussion, as, in the then state of things, I consid-
ered it very desirable to have the vote of the Senate
upon the resolutions, and the resolutions them-
selves go to the country with the message of the
President, announcing the mediation of England
in our difficulties with France, that the sense of
this body, as well at the message, might exert a
beneficial influence, not only throughout our own
country, bat upon the other side of the Atlantic.
So strong, Mr. President, was my anxiety upon
this point that, even after the remarks made
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Leigh,] who
followed the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] I had consented, exceptionable in principle
and practice as I considered those remarks to be,
not to reply to them, but to let the question follow
the speech of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Brown,] he having succeeded the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Leigh] in the debate. When,
however, the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewwo] felt
¡t to be his duty again to take part in the discus-
lion, and not only to continue the debate, but, as
to most of the essential points, to take the same
ground which had been occupied by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Leigh,] my reluctance to
obtrude myself upon the attention of the Senate
yielded to a sense of the imperious obligation
resting upon me as a member of the body, and
as a representative, in part) of one of the States
of this Union, not to permit positions so erro-
neous, and so dangerous in their tendencies, to
bé assumed and repeated without reply. My
principal object in asking the floor had this ex-
tent: to reply somewhat at large to the remarks
of these two Senators, touching our relations with
France-, the difficulties which had grown out of
them, and the duties of our Government, as here-
tofore discharged, or hereafter to be discharged,
in reference Xo the settlement of those difficulties.
I had intended particularly to reply to the posi-
tion assumed by the honorable Senator from. Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Leich,] that it was permissible for
any cause, or under any circumstances, that a for-
eign Government should interpose itself between
the President and Congress; that any foreign Gov-
ernment should have the right to ask, and that it
should be the duty of any department of our Gov-
ernment to make either explanation or apology,
(by whichever term the gentleman may choose
to characterize the demand,) touching any matter
contained in any communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States to the Congress of the
United States, or from the Congress of the United
States to the President of the United States.
Mr. LEIGH asked leave to explain, and said
the question discussed by him was not whether
explanation or apology ought to be made; because
it had been conceded on all hands that the requi-
site explanation had been made in the last annual
message from the President to Congress, but in
what manner that explanation should reach the
French Government; whether by direct commu-
nication, in the ordinary course of diplomatic cor-
respondence, or indirectly, by being contained in
a message to Congress; and that he had contended
that the former mode of- direct diplomatic com-
munication was preferable.
Mr. WRIGHT resumed. The question is un-
derstood alike by the gentleman and myself. He
will not pretend that the annual message from
the President to Congress, or any other message
from that officer to this body, is a communication
in any sense, directly or indirectly, to a foreign
[ Government; that such messages are ever trans-
; raitted, upon the demand or requisition of a foreign
¡ Government; or that any foreign Government
can, in any proper view of the subject, be consid-
ered, directly or indirectly, as a party to these
communications. They cannot, then, be termed
, either explanations or apologies to a foreign
Power; and the question returns, are we to permit
any foreign Government to interpose itself between
these two branches of our Government, and de-
mand either explanation or apology in reference
to the communications passing between them.'
No, never, Mr. President, while we remain an
independent nation.
I had also intended (said Mr. W.) to have
replied particularly to the position assumed by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,]
that things had better remain precisely as they
then were, or as we supposed they then were,
than to have a war with France-, in other words,
to give what I understood to be the purport of
the Senator's position, we had better yield the
execution of the treaty on the part of France,
than to insist upon its fulfillment at the expense
of a war.
I am prevented, Mr. President, by the news
which has reached the country since this subject
was last under the consideration of the Senate,
from replying to either of the gentlemen, or to
any other gentleman who has addressed the Sen-
ate in the course of this debate, touching our
French relations; and, consequently, I am pre-
vented from making a reply to the two positions
I have just stated, and which I have considered
more exceptionable and dangerous than any other
assumed by the gentleman. The information I
have received through the public press and other-
wise, has entirely satisfied my mind that our dif-
ficulties with Franee are definitively and amicably
settled; that the money due under the treaty has
been, many days since, actually paid; that the
French Government have considered the last an-
nual message of the President entirely satisfactory
an to the offense they assumed was contained in
the preceding one; and that diplomatic relations
between the two countries will be speedily re-
sumed upon a friendly footing. I announce these
convictions with the highest feelings of gratifica-
tion; and entertaining them, as I do, without the
shadow of a doubt, it would be in the extreme
improper, in my estimation, for me here to dis-
cuss any topic connected with, or involving in
any manner, our relations with France, or to
reply to any remarks which have fallen from
Senators in that portion of the debate which has
transpired touching those relations.
I have, Mr. President, entered my distinct dis-
sent from the two positions to which I have
referred—the one assumed by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Leioh,] and foe outer by tie Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewino,]—and beyond that^
for the reasons I have given, I must content nty*
self, as to this portion of the debate, with simply
saying to those who, since the transmission of
the last annual message of the President to Con-
gress, have pronounced our Government in the
wrong in this controversy with France, France
has not thought so: to those who have considered
it the right of France to interpose between the
President and Congress, and to demand explana-
tions or apologies to anything containrd in his
messages to this body, that France has withdrawn
her claim to any such right: to those who have
contended that it was better for us to yield the
execution of the treaty on the part of France—to
give up our protection of our commerce upon the
nigh seas—to surrender the rights of their citi-
zens to indemnity for depredations upon that com-
merce, after those rights have been acknowledged
and liquidated by the most solemn of all. obliga-
tions between nations, the execution of a treaty
for the payment of the claims—to surrender, in
short, our national honor, by the concession that
we cannot defend that honor, and its consequence,
the safety of our commerce and the interests of
our citizens—I must also content myself with
saying, that such have not been the views of the
present Administration of our Government. That
Administration has considered it to be its highest
duty to insist upon the execution of solemn treaty
stipulations, to protect the rights and interests of
our citizens and the safety of our commerce, and,
above and beyond all, to preserve the honor of
the country against every assault or imputation,
from whatever quarter that assault may be made,
and at whatever hazard, even the hazard of an
appeal to the ultima ratio of nations.
Beyond these remarks, Mr. President, I must
confine myself to the resolutions before the Sen-
ate, with Buch very brief replies to a few remarks
made in the course of the debate as I may find it
tny duty to make, excluding any reference to our
foreign relations.
And here (said Mr. W.) I must be permitted to
say, if I understand the resolutions in their pres-
ent shape correctly, that the information of the
settlement of our difficulties with France does not
in the slightest degree affect their object, or the
action of the Senate upon them. They propose
a permanent system of defense, external and in-
ternal, for the whole country, a system of defense
which does not contemplate war, but the preser-
vation of peace and security. I cannot better
illustrate my understanding of the object of the
resolutions than by detaining the Senate to read
them.    They are as follows:
*' Resolved, That so much of the surplus revenue
'of the United States, and the dividends of stock
' receivable from the Bank of the United States, as
' may he necessary for the purpose, ought to be
' set apart and applied to the general defense and
* permanent security of the country.
" Resolved, That the President be requested to
* cause the Senate to be informed—
" 1. The probable amount that would be neces-
* sary for fortifying tire lake, maritime, and gulf
« frontier of the United States, and such points
«of the land frontier as may require permanent
' fortifications.
"2. The probable amount that would be necea-
' sary to construct an adequate number of orm-
*  ories and arsenals in the United States, and to
' supply the Stales with field artillery (especially
« brass field-pieces) for their militia, snd with
' side arms and pistols for their cavalry.
" 3. The probable amount that would be neces-
«sary to supply the United States with the ord-
' nance, arms, and munitions of war, which a.
' proper regard to self-defense would require to
*  be always on hand.
" 4. The probable amount that would be neces-
«sary to place the naval defenses of the United
' States (including the increase of the Navy, navy-
« yards, navy-docks, and steam or floating bat-
«teried upon the footing of strength and respect-
«ability which is due to the security and to tn«
* welfare of the Union."
Thus it will be seen, at a single glance, that
the object is not to prepare, temporarily, for an
impending or contemplated war, but for the per-
