104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defence—Mr. Wright.
Ho. of Reps.
manent and durable defenses of the whole coun-
try against all dangers which may assail its peace
and disturb its quiet, whether foreign or domestic
__whether having their rise from without or from
within. The pledge is general for the " perma-
nent security" of the country; and the inquiries
areas broad as the whole Union, and coverall its
great interests in reference to defense of coast,
lake, gulf, and land frontier, and every internal
means of " general defense and permanent secu-
rity" of armories, arsenals, and arms. They
also cover the naval defenses of the country; and
constitute, in contemplation, a permanent and
durable system in every sense in which I am
able to comprehend that such a system could be
adopted, with proper regard to the respective in-
terests and perfect security of the whole country,
and of all its great interests, external and inter-
nal. They do not, either in their language or
design, contemplate immediate war; but they
look to a state of defense and security against
any and every war which may come upon the
country in all future time.
For the accomplishment of this great and para-
mount national object, the resolutions rely upon
thesurp/tu moneys in the Treasury, after the ordi-
nary and necessary appropriations for the sup-
port of the Government, in its various depart-
ments, shall have been paid, including the ordi-
nary appropriations for the gradual improvement
of the Navy, and for the-gradual progress in the
construction and completion of the fortifications
already commenced, and not any interference
with those appropriations. Their object is to
hasten the completion of perfect and secure de-
fenses by the application of moneys in the Treas-
ury not required for any other national object,
but not to interrupt the course of the Government
in any of the other great interests for which the
ordinary annual appropriations are made. They
propose to pledge not the revenue, but so much
of the surplus revenue as may be necessary to
this great object.
The resolutions, then, Mr. President, or rather
the first resolution, is, I apprehend^in the precise
shape in which it should remain to meet the object
the mover of the resolutions had in view, and
which I have in view in supporting them.   This
resolution is designed to act upon the surplus rev-
enue only, upon that portion of the public moneys
which shall remain in the Treasury after all the
ordinary calls upon that Treasury have been fully
answered; and it proposes to pledge so much of
that surplus " as may be necessary for the pur-
pose" to the great object of permanent national
defense and security. Am I right in my construc-
tion of this resolution in its present shape ? If so,
the amendment of the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] to strike out the word " surplus"
ought not to prevail.    That amendment will, to
my understanding, change the whole character of
the resolution and destroy entirely the pledge de-
signed to be made.    The object is to setapartiand
apply to the general defense and permanent secu-
-rity of the country, so much ofthe surplus of the
revenues of the nation as may be necessary for
that object, and if the form of the resolution be
bo changed as to apply its action to the revenues
generally, and not to the surplus, it may be so con-
strued as only to contain an expression that we
will appropriate, for the present year, so much
of the public money to the various purposes of
defense as we may think proper and necessary,
and  nothing will be "set apart" for defenses
which is not actually appropriated by the appro-
priation bills of the year.   Any surplus which
may then remain in the Treasury will be open to
any other disposition which Congress may choose
to make of it, without any infringement upon
the pledge given by the resolution.   This I do not
-understand to be in accordance with the object of
the resolution.    That object is to set apart a fund
-such as may be necessary to be exclusively ap-
plied to the -defenses of the country, naval and
-military, and to constitute that fund of the sur-
plus which shall remain in the Treasury after the
ordinary appropriations of the present and of each
succeeding year shall have been paid.   In other
words, I understand the object to be to carry on
-the business of putting the country in a complete
state of defense, internal and external, as rapidly
as the means in the Treasury will allow, without
interference with the usual and necessary annual
appropriations, in case the moneys which may be
applied to this object can be economically and
usefully expended as fast as they accumulate;
but, if they cannot, that a permanent fund be
" set apart" from these accumulations sufficient
to accomplish the end in view at the earliest prac-
ticable period. Surely, then, the word " surplus"
should be retained in the first resolution, that the
pledge may be made effectual and operative, and
that the means to accomplish this vital object of
national defense maybe secured from the surplus
moneys in the Treasury before any other dispo-
sition shall be made by Congress of the present,
or any future accumulation of means beyond the
ordinary annual wants of the country.
I have said, Mr. President, that I would vote
for the resolution, whether this amendment should ,
or should not prevail. I still retain the same ¡
opinion; but I am bound in candor to say, that,
when the amendment was first proposed I did not
think it at all important, and rather derived the
impression, that, if it could be considered as
changing the character of the resolution at all,
it must be held to go beyond the object of the
mover, and more rapidly than he proposed to go.
Upon reflection, I am satisfied that I did not cor-
rectly appreciate the force and bearing of the word
" surplus,"proposed to bestiicken out, and that,
without that word, we shall merely resolve that
we will appropriate for this single year so much
of the money in the Treasury as a majority of
this body shall believe " may be necessary, and
can be usefully expended towards the general and
permanent defenses of the country," while the
surplus, if any,in the Treasury will not be "set
apart," or pledged to this great object, but will
remain subject to any disposition which Congress
may choose to make of it, without an infraction
of our resolution. Our purpose to defend the
country will be declared, but thd means to do it
will not be "set apart" by our expression. For
these reasons, I hope the proposed amendment
may not prevail, and that the first resolution may
retain its present form.
There is, Mr. President, another amendment
proposed to this resolution, upon which I must
trouble you with a single remark. I refer to the
proposition of the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Preston,] to strike out the whole resolu-
tion after the word " Resolved," and to insert the
fallowing:
" That such appropriations as may be necessary for
' the purpose ought to be made, to carry on the system
' of general defense and permanent protection of the
' country."
This amendment, if adopted, will make the res-
olution much more vague and unmeaning than to
adopt the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, to strike out the word " surplus." Indeed,
if I rightly comprehend this proposition, it merely
declares that we will, for the present year, make
the same appropriations for the defenses of the
country which have been regularly and uniformly
made from about the close of our late war with
Great Britain to the present time, the appropria-
tions of the last year being alone excepted. Is
it, then, Mr. President, necessary for us to declare
by a resolution that we will not now stop the
ordinary appropriations for defense which have
been regularly made for nearly twenty years last
past? Does any member of this body contem-
plate for a moment that those very limited appro- '
priations will be either suspended or diminished ?
Surely, then, we cannot be asked to adopt this
amendment. The resolutions under debate pro-
pose to accelerate our progress in the work of i
defense by the application of the surplus revenues '
of the country to that work. This amendment
proposes to "carry on the system" as it now '
exists, and has been carried on for the period
I have mentioned. The resolutions propose to
extend our system of defense, and make it uni-
versal and applicable to all dangers, external or
internal. The amendment proposes to carry on
"the system" now in progress without exten-
sion. I need not say more to satisfy the Senate
that the adoption of this amendment would be an
entire defeat of the resolutions offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
Mr. President, if the resolutions retain their
present shape, they are, as has been said by the
mover of them, antagonistic to the proposition of
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
to divide the surplus revenue among the States.
Both propositions act upon the same money, and
propose very different dispositions of it. The
former proposes to expend it, or so much of it as
may be necessary, for the great object of national
defense. The latter proposes to give it to the
States, to be expended at their pleasure, not for
national, but for State objects. They are, there
fore, directly antagonistic. I think the resolu-
tions, also, equally antagonistic to the measure
introduced by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr
Clay,] and known here by the designation of
"the land bill." It is not now my purpose to
inquire how far the principle of this measure,
and of that proposed by the Senator from South
Carolina, are the same, and wherein they may
differ. They both propose a distribution to the
States of a sum equal to the whole surplus in the
Treasury. They both act upon the same money;
and the resolutions before us, proposing to set
apart so much of that surplus as may be neces-
sary to be expended upon the national defenses
of the country, must be equally antagonistic to
both, because it proposes to apply, in a very dif-
ferent manner, and for a very different purpose,
a part, or the whole, ofthe fund upon which both
the other propositions act.
Much has been said by several gentlemen in
the course of the debate as to the amount of this
surplus. I have, Mr. President, used my best
efforts to inform myself truly upen this point,
and I will now give to the Senate the result of
my inquiries. I sought the information at the
Treasury Department, because I knew of no other
place where correct and certain information could
be obtained upon the point; and the statement I
am about to make is one prepared from informa-
tion communicated from the head of that Depart-
ment, and rests upon the authority ofthe accounts
of receipts and expenditures kept in that office,
with very trifling exceptions, which will be seen
to be matters of estimate. I have found it neces-
sary to give this result in the dry form of figures
and arithmetical deductions; but I have com-
pressed it into as small a compass as was pos-
sible, and in that form I will give it to the Senate.
The money in the Treasury on the 1st January,
1835, was.......................$8,892,858
The collections of the first three quar-
ters ofthe year 1835, as ascertained
before the Secretary's annual report
was made, were..................23,480,881
The collections of the fourth quarter
of 1835, as far as those collections
have been yet ascertained, are.....10,919,852
In addition to these sums, the Secre-
tary now estimates that there will
remain to be added to the receipts
of the year 1835, as part ofthe col-
lections of the fourth quarter, not
yet ascertained...................      230,000
This will show an aggregate of means
for the year 1835 of..............43,523,591
Deduct from this aggregate the expend-
itures of the first three quarters of
the year 1835, as ascertained before
the annual report of the Secretary
was made.............$13,376,141
Deduct also the actual ex-
penditures of the fourth
quarter of 1835, as now
ascertained with suffi-
cient accuracy for this
calculation............   4,050,000
---------------17,426,141
And there will remain an aprxnent sur-
plus of..........................26,097,450
From this apparent surplus the follow-
ing deductions must be made to as-
certain the real surplus, viz:
