1836.}
APPENDIX TO THEr 00WHPSSIOpíAX4 0W)J|E.
<1«P
24th Gong.... 1st Skss.
National Mefew^r-Mr. Wright.
'.^W*T«
1. The unarailaWe funds in the Treas-
ury, which constitute a part of the
balance remaining in the Treasury
on the first day of «very year, as
shown by the accounts.. #1,100,000
S. The amount of outstand-
ing appropriations, being
sums appropriated by
law, but which have not
been called for at the
Treasury at the close of
the year. This amount
is an estimate, but it is
arrived at by making a . •-
deduction from the whole              .
•mount of outstanding
appropriations of all such •
. portions as are supposed
likely not to be called for,
aad cooaeauently to pasa
to the staking fund. It
is, therefore, in all proba-
bility, sufficiently small.   7,595,574
3. The estimate of expend-
itures for the fourth quar-
ter oí the year 1835 was
#4,800,000. The actual
expenditures of the quar-
ter, as ascertained and
above given, have only
been $4,050,000, leaving
a balance of the estimate
over the expenditure of
f750,0CO. As the esti-
mate is made from claims
known to exist against
the Treasury, the reason               .
.   for   this  difference  be- ,
tween the estimated and   ,
actual expenditures for
.   this «latter has grown      <
out of the fact, that an                ,
.   amount of these claims,
_  equal to the difference of               ,
¡   §750,000, have not been
presented   for  payment ,
within the quarter which
it was anticipated would          --
be presented and paid.
. The claims, however, re-
main,and must be paid in
1836; and therefore this
amount of outstanding
. appropriations, not hav-
ing been included in the
general estimate of out-
standing appropriatiqns
last abo ye given, because               ,
it was not expected they              f ..
,  would be outstanding at          ,   .
the close of the  year,
should also be deducted,     7504000
9,445,574
These sums deducted, leave the true
surplus of money, in the Treasury
■   on the 1st day of January, 1836 
thatheing.,
«16,651,876
It is due to the Secretary of the Treasury that
I should, in this place, give to the Senate his ex-
planation of the very great difference between the
revenue anticipated, and the actual revenue re-
ceived for the fourth quarter of the last year.
The actual receipts into the Treasury,
M' already ascertained, daring that
quarter, are.....................fW.91S.85S
The Secretary estimates that there has
probably been collected, and riot yet   '    "    ,
ascertained at the Department, a   ■
further amount, daring the same
quarter, of.:.;..................     230,000
Showing the whole prol?ab}e receipts
of the quarter to be......'..,.... .#11,149,852
In hi  annual report on the state of
thefinanoes, the Secretary estimated
the revenue of thus quarter at.....   4,950,000
Which «urn, taken from the bow .as-
certained and estimated receipts of
the quarter, will leave an excess be-
yond his anticipation of........... $6,199,852
The receipts from the sales of public lands
during the fourth quarter of 1835, beyond any
reasonable anticipation formed upon past experi-
ence, account for a very large share of this excess.
There was paid into the various land offices during
the last two months of that quarter, the following
amounts:
In the month of November, 1835... .$1,776,000
"          "      "  December,    do .... 2,340,000
Making a total of receipts from (he
•' sales of lamí alone, during those two
months, of.......................#4,116,000
These immense sales, too, were made when no
important public sales, were advertised to take
place, or did take place. The payments which
constitute this great total were almost exclusively
made upon lands purchased at the Government
minimum price; in other words, taken, as 1 be-
lieve the phrase is, at private entry. The pro-
ceeds from lands for these two months, thus ob-
tained, have more than equaled majiy former
years, and have by far exceeded the receipts of
any two former months, and anything which
could have been anticipated in the absence ,of
important public sales.
Another cause of the excess of receipts over the
estimate for the fourth quarter of 1835, given by
the Secretary is, that the apprehension of a war
with France, and of consequent commercial inter-
ruptions and disturbances generally, produced an
increase of importations within that quarter far
beyond any anticipation entertained by him, and
far beyond any former example. The actual col-
lections of duties at the port of New York alone,
not including the bonds taken, and not falling due
within the quarter, 1 think the Secretary ussured
me amounted to full five millions of dollars, a sum
almost equal to an ordinary half year's collection
of revenue at that port. These two sources
of revenue, so immensely and so unexpectedly
swelled beyond any former precedent, have prin-
cipally produced the excess of $6,000,000 in the
revenues of the last quarter of the last year,
To return now, Mr. President, to the resolu-
tions; having seep what are the means, in our
hands to give them force and application; what,
let me ask, are the considerations which call upon
the Senate for their adoption ? The firstand most
prominent, and one which appears to my mind
entirely contro¡ling, is the defenseless state of the
country. That the country is defenseless seems
po'w to be conceded by every Senator who has
addressed the Senate upon thissuhject. We have
.the fact before this body from sources entitled ÍP
our peculiar confidence. The chairman of the
Com mittee on Naval Affairs [Mr. South asd] gave
us, in the course of his remarks, a detailed ac-
count of the condition of the Navy, and of our
force afloat and in service. Sir, it does not amount
to a Navy at all, compared to the extent of coast
we have to defend and the immense ami wide-
spread commerce we have to protect; a single ship-
of-the-line, I believe, two or,three frigates, and a
.few schooners and sloops-pf-war. t will not pre-
tend to be accurate in the enumeration the hon-
orable chairman gave us, but I must say it was
almost equivalent to no force at all upon the ocean
in comparison with what will always be required
for defense and cpmmercjal protection. , We have
received also from the honorable chairman of the
¡Committee on Military Affairs [Mr, B«*;ionJ re-
peated accounts of the condition of our. fortifica-
tions and land defenses; but one commercial town
in the whole country, at the most, in any condi-
tion to be defended against an attack by sea: with
one or two exceptions, not a, gun in any of your
forts, and no preparations for mounting them if
they were, there. Nearly all the pubjic works
which have been commenced for the purpose of
defense remain in an unfinished state, and cannot
be made useful and secure without further large
expenditure : the militia of the country fcadly
armed, or entirely without arms; and all thosp
portions of the Union most exposed to sarage
incursion, or domestic insurrection, without
armories and arsenals, from which arms may be
obtained in cases of emergency and danger. Such,
sir, is my recollection, very briefly sketched, of
the picture we have often had presented from the
chairman of the committee of this body more
especially charged with the subject of our land
defenses. Surely, then, if an entirely defenseless
condition, both by sea and land, can urge us on-
ward in the great work to which the resolution?
invite us, we have a consideration here for their
passage, stronger than any friend to them could
wish.
Mr. President, so clear and so palpable to the
mind of every statesman, and to the feelings of
pvery patriot, was the truism conveyed by the
words of the Father of his Country, "in peace
prepare for war," that those words have grown
into a maxim, which has remained undisputed for
half a century. If the principle conveyed in this
maxim be sound, and was ever practically appli-
cable to any Government upon the earth of which
history gives us any account, with how much
more force does it.apply to the Government of the
United States at th,is moment? Sir, what is our
pecuniary condition ? Without a foliar of debt;
ifl tl|e midsf of prosperity in every department
of business, so abundant as almost to endanger
plethora; at p?ace with all the natiqns pf the
earth, and only momentarily disturbed by an
Indian insurrection of limltea extent, the danger
from which has undoubtedly subsided before thif
hour;, with $16,500,QQ0 in the national Treasury,
Upon which, the ordinary -wants of the Govern-
ment make, no call. This is our condition.; and
shall we resist this call for the nation's defense,
made under circumstances fuch as I have de-
scribed.'   .We canflot—we shajl not^
Applicable to some portion of this body, Mx.
President, is another consideration which. I feel
bound to notice, and which appeals strongly to
.those to whom it is applicable foe the passage of
the resolutions, and.^ie carrying put, to their full
extent, the principles expressed by them> The
present Administration ha* bee  extensively com-
plained of in the course of the debate, for not
having, during the six or seven years of its eXr
isteuce.put the country in á state of defense. The
honorable Senatorfrom Delaware (Mr, Clavtoj*]
.met the question fairly, and placed his complaint
.upoq the ground that the Administration had
adopted the principle that the national debt must
be paid in preference to the conversion of the
surplus moneys of the Treasury to an increase
of the Navy, and other works of defense. This
is so, sir. I am aware that there is a wide dif-
ference of opinion between the political parties
of this country in relation to the, policy of pay-
ing off, and finally extinguishing the national
debt. The Administration has adopted the dem-
ocratic policy; that plain policy which, govern 
every prudent citizen in the management of his
private affairs; and has considered itself bound
in honesty and honor, so far as the law? of Con-
gress left the money of the Government to its
disposition, to apply every dollar of that money,
not required for the necessities of the country, tp
the payment of the pubhe creditor*. To dis-
charge the country from debt has been Us firstand
highest pecuniary object* to put U JUtt a state of
defense flj 4«ec^Uyaaainst1e^elrnalMd, internal
danger, stands next m> the fours* of it  policy.
It is not a) y object  ,Mr. President, af. tpjs time,
to discus.  Uve question whether the payment of
a national debt be, or be pot, a wise and sound
policy. U is the policy which meet  my most
¿asnest and lively approbation. Jt is the policy
of the Constitutioa; for the language of that m-
strumept is: " The Congress shall have powerto
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises." For what, Mr. President? First, "to
pay the debts;" and second, " to prpvide for the
common defense." These are the constitutional
uses to which the money of the people, in the
national Treaeury.may be applied; and this «•
the order in which those purposes are mentioned
in that sacred instrument.                    . .
The honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
