183&I
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defence—Mr. Wright.
&WXft,.
priated ftflr "the gradual improvement of the
Navy," are prohibited, by the positive provision
of a law of Congress, from anticipating in any
way these appropriations. They cannot make
a contract or a purchase in anticipation of the
coming appropriation under this permanent law,
and much less msy they contract any debts or
incur any liabilities, in anticipation of any future
actiop of Congress. They must therefore wait
until the appropriation is in fact made, and the
money placed to their credit at the Treasury,
before they can even issue proposals forcontracts,
That is done, as I assume, from looking at the
two acta, on the 3d of March in each year. After
that date, then, they must call for proposals by
public notices published in the newspapers for
the period required by law. When that period
has expired, they must examine their proposi-
tions, give notice to the bidders scattered over
-tin whole country, that their bids are accepted,
and obtain, as soon as they may, the execution
of the proper contracts. Then, and not till then,
the work of fulfillment on the part of the con-
tractors can commence, and who does not see
that a large portion of the current year must have
.passed, in every instance, before this point can
possibly be reached? Is it strange, therefore,
that large amounts of contracts should remain
unclosed at so late a period as the few first days
in the second month of the year succeeding that
in which they are made ?
With these explanations of the laws of Con-
gress and the powers of the commissioners under
them, I proceed to show, from the report of the
.commissioners themselves, the actual condition
of this unexpended balance of $1,415,000. I refer
to document L, appended to the annual report of
the Secretary of the Navy to the President, and
by him communicated to Congress with his an-
nual message at the commencement of the present
-session; and I cannot but observe that, had the
Senator been fortunate enough to have had his
-attention turned to this document before he made
his remarks, he would have saved me this tedious
exposition of bis error. The commissioners, in
the document referred to, give a summary of all
.their doings under the acts referred to, making
.this permanent appropriation, for "the gradual
.improvement of the Navy," from the time of the
passage of the act of the 3d March, 1827, up to
the close of the third quarter of the last year.
They conclude this statement by giving the whole
- amount of the appropriations under these acts up
to the 1st October, 1835, at.......$4,500,000 00
And the payments actually made
out of this sum at.,..  .........3,003,755 20
Leaving a balance of...'..........$1,497,244 80
And then proceed to say:
Of which there remained in the Treasury, on the
1st October, 1835, the sum of,. .$1,454,316 46
'The balance supposed to be in the
hands of Navy agents is.......        42,928 34
Making a total, as above, of... .$1,497,244 80
Of this sum, there will be required
to  meet  existing engagements
under contract about...........     616,000 00
Leaving, for other purposes, about,   $881,244 80
"Advertisements have beet  issued, inviting
•offers for furnishing the live-oak frames for five
.' ships-of-the-lioe, six frigates,five sloops-of-war,
.'five schooners, and three steamers; which, if
. * contracted for, will probably require about six
' hundred thousand dollars of the balance remain-
'ing after meeting existing engagements."
Such, Mr. President, was the condition on the
1st of October last of this unexpended balance
of money appropriated for the improvement of
the Navy; between six and seven thousand dol-
lars of it due upon outstanding contracts, in re-
. ality expended, but not in fact paid. Of the bal-
ance, $600,000 more was than set apart to make
payments upon contracts, propositions for which
had been called for, «uid were coming in; which
propositions might come in so much higher than
the anticipations of the commissioners as to con-
sume the whole sum. It is perfectly evident, that
while the commissioners are forbidden by law to
anticipate future appropriations, they must, in all
cases, when inviting proposals, keep themselves
somewhat below the full amount of moneys in
hand, so that if their estimates of prices shall
prove to be under those at which they can obtain
offers, they may still be able to contract .without
a violation of the law, or without the inconve-
nience and delay consequent upon a rejection of
all propositions, and an offer for new proposals
based upon a new estimate. This is surely but a
reasonable precaution which would suggest itself
to all faithful disbursing officers, scrupulous in
¡ their observance of the law, and anxious to pro-
1 mote the public service. So much for the facts;
and now, Mr. President, for the argument drawn
from them.
'     By the laws of Congress as they are, and in
* consequence of the restrictions imposed by those
laws u pon the Navy Board, moneys appropriated,
at the usual period of each year, for the gradual
improvement of the Navy, cannot be expended
and the accounts closed within the same year, so
as to prevent the appearance, in the accounts
with the Treasury, of an apparent unexpended
balance on the first day .of.the following year.
Therefore, the Senator infers the appropriations
for this"object to have been excessive, and greater
than could be economically expended. Does this
conclusion follow; the premises?. Tie delay in the
' expenditure hss no connection with the amount
to be expended, but arises solely from the ad-
vanced' period of the year when the appropria-
tions are made; the restrictions imposed, and, in
my judgment, most properly imposed, upon the
disbursing agents, against anticipating funds not
1 aitually appropriated; the forms required to be
I observed in making contracts"; ami the nature of
1 the expenditure, and the extent of the country in
which it is to be made. Is it not, then, most
palpable that the same time must be required,
whether the expenditure be large or small? Does
anybody doubt that- the amount of contracts for
i. timber, and any other materials for ships, might
be extended to almost any limit in this country,
I if the means of payment were placed at the dis-
position of the commissioners?    Might they not
! as safely invite proposals, under this head of
expenditure, for $5,000,000 as for $500,000 an-
nually?   And will any one believe they would
1 fail to receive propositions covering all the money
they should propose to expend ? Most certainly
not. The question, then, is not one of amount,
but simply of time, and, thus resolved, I am sure
I shall not be contradicted when I say that offers
may be invited, propositions received, examined,
accepted, or rejected, and contracts executed, for
an amount of $500,000, or of $5,000,000, without
any material variation in the time required to go
through either process. Thus faras to expendi-
tures for" thegradualimprovementof theNavy,"
confined, as those expenditures are, «imply to
the purchase of materials for ships, to the preser-
vation of our live-oak timber, and to the condi-
tion of our navy-yards.
But this is, by no means, the extent of the ques-
tion presented. Ships are to be built, armed,
manned, and fitted for aervicp, a branch of ex-
penditure not included in the appropriation I have
been discussing-^a branch of expenditure now
altogether unprovided for'by any appropriation.
May not such appropriations be expended simul-
taneously with the appropriations for the purchase
.of materials, without causing additional delay in
time ?   Most certainly they ¿Bay. -,-,•, •.
Am 1 not, then, authorized to conclude, Mr.
President, that we are not in the condition sup-
posed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewjiigj]
and that the country is not, from necessity, to
remain exposed and defenseless for half a century
to come, not because we have not the means to
put it in a state of defense, but because v/e can-
not expend the money if Congress appropriate
it? May I not hope that the resolutions will no
longer be opposed, or appropriations withheld,
on account of such an apprehension?
I here take my leave of the resolutions; and ■ a
I very few additional remarks shall conclude what
• I propose to say further.
The subject of the loss of the fortification bill
of the last Session, and of the $3,000,000 appro-
priation for immediate defense, added by way of
amendment in the House, and rejected in this
body, have constituted prominent topics in this
debate. Notwithstanding my particular relation
to those subjects, as a member of the Committee
i of Finance, and of the committee of conference,
I do not feel called upon to enter into that portion
¡ of the debate at the present time at all. The action
of both the Senate and House upon that bill, and
, the proposed amendment, has long been matter
of history before the oountry. The vote of every
member of both Houses is shown by their re-
spective Journals, and the -divisions have been
given to the public through the whole press. The
public judgment, as I think, was perfectly formed
upon the propriety or impropriety of the votes
given, and the course pursued by each individual,
before we commenced a debate here upon thesub-
ject.   Remaining perfectly satisfied,.as J dp, with
' my course and my votes, I have no disposition to
1 attempt now to defend them. Were it otherwise,
I should have no hope, at this day, to change, by
anything I could-say here, the deliberate and set-
tled opinion of the public mind in the matter. I
must, whether willing or not, (and I hope and be-
lieve I am willing to do so,) abide the judgment,
and, so faras my action upon that subject is con-
cerned, stand or fall by it. I voted for the three
million amendment in all the shapes in which it
was presented to me, for my support here, and I
most deeply regretted that it did not meet the ap-
probation of this body. Of any action, out of
this Chamber, upon either the bill or amendment,
it is not now my purpose to speak.
It now becomes my duty to reply to one or
. two remarks which fell from the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Mancvm,] in the course of
his impassioned address to the Senate upon these
resolutions. That honorable Senator, from what
authority I know not, constituted me the repre-
sentative of the Albany .Regency here. I know
well, Mr. President, the individuals who are. un-
derstood to be included in that designation, and,I
know them to be citizens of the highest standing,
honest, talented, and-patriotic; nien who.serve
the public faithfully and capably. The trust thus
conferred upon me is an important and respons-
ible one, and I will only tell the Senator, that
while I continue to discharge it worthily, 1 shall
stand firmly by the country and the tcliole coun-
try, and by its interests and honor; and that I
shall vote the appropriations necessary for its
entire defenses, before I vote to give away its
.funds to be expended upon doubtful schemes of
internal improvement.
The gentleman seems further to be occasionally
deeply troubled in his mind by some imaginary
body or association of men, which he terms the
" spoils party." He is not alone in this. Other
honorable Senators have manifested equal appre-
hension from the dreaded influence of this party;
and none of them have left rae in doubt as to the
political party in this country upon which this
term of opprobrium is attempted to be fastened.
It is applied to" the great Democratic party of the
Union. 1 will use my best efforts, Mr. Presi-
dent, to calm their apprehensions, by .telling, them
that this party has bpen hi|he#to„ with, very few
. exceptions, enabled to keep the public opinion
of the country upon its side; that «t has «lone ao
by following, and not attempting to govern, the
popular will; and that I have the fullest confidence
ft will be honest enough, and wise enough, to
pursue the same course, and fortunate enough «o
meet with the same success in future. In any
event, I think 1 may safely assure these gentle-
men thai, however greedy, this party may be for
the honors arid emolumento of ofiSee, as it never
has, so it never will find it necessary to, make a
change in the organic law of the States where it
has control, to enable it to retain office or power.
I am now impelled, Mr. President, most reluc-
tantly, to notice a topic introduced into this debate
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewdig]— with
how much relevancy 1 leave him to determine.
