108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB*..
(* eoruary 15,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
Thatgentleman felt it to be his duty, in the course
of his second address to the Senate upon these
resolutions, to refer to the instructions given to
Mr. MeLane, when our Minister at the Court of
St. James, and to animadvert upon these instruc-
tions with sreat severity. Notwithstanding this,
had he chosen to confine himself to the mere
expression of his own opinions in relation to the
instructions, lie would have called forth no reply
from me; but when he felt himself at liberty to
call to his aid the majority of the American people,
and to declare that they liad sanctioned the views
he expressed, that the instructions contained mat-
ter deerading to the character of our country, I
was no longer at lil>erty to remain silent.
Mr. EWING asked leave to explain, and said
the gentleman had misunderstood him; that he
had not used the expression imputed to him, that
a majority of the American people had agreed
with him in opinion in relation to the instructions.
He had said nothing about the majority of the
people, but had confined himself to the expres-
sion of his own individual opinions.
Mr. WRIGHT said, I have then done with
the subject. Mr. President, I understood the gen-
tleman to make the remark, or to advance the
opinion I have imputed to him. If he did not, I
have no desire to reply at all to this part of his
argument. It was by no means my purpose to
open a debate upon the propriety of these instruc-
tions, as I consider that a question settled beyond
the propriety of debate here; nor did I intend to
make a single remark which could irritate the
feelings of any member of this body, but merely
to set the Senator right in reference to the decision
of the people upon the question. As, however,
I misunderstood him, and he did not lay down
the position I supposed, I have not a remark fur-
ther to make upon this part of the subject.
In the course of this very protracted debate,
Mr. President, one other position has been as-
sumed by several Senators, upon which I must
ask your indulgence to a very brief reply. The
position is: that the great and extended popularity
of the President of the United States is a matter
of danger to our institutions, and to the perma-
nency of our Republic. But for the gravity which
has characterized all the remarks upon this point,
• I should have been compelled to doubt the sin-
cerity of the gentlemen who have urged them
upon us. The popularity of the President a
matter of danger to ihe Republic, sir! The pop-
ularity of the present Chief Magistrate danger-
ous! How has that popularity been acquired
and maintained? Has it been by some instan-
taneous and violent impulse given to the public
mind, which may, and sometimes does, sweep
away the judgment, and make it subject to the
government of passion? We are now far ad-
vanced in the seventh year of the Administration
of this same Chief Magistrate. Has any man
ever administered the affairs of this Government
against the efforts of a more talented, vigilant,
and untiring Opposition ? Has any Administra-
tion, since the commencement of our national
existence, presented to the people so great a num-
ber of immensely important and vitally interesting
questions, connected with the principles and pol-
icy of our Government ? Have questions of this
character, at any former period of our history,
been so distinctly, emphatically, and ably argued
before the electors of the Union ? Has any Op-
position to any former Administration commanded
more popular men, more high talent and charac-
ter in the estimation of the country, more favor-
able opportunities to act upon the public mind
and the public passions and prejudices, or more
powerful aids of every character and description,
than have favored the Opposition to the Presi-
dent of tlie United States from the first year of
his Administration to the present hour? I think,
Mr. President, our opponents can give but one
answer to these interrogatories.
I then ask, further, has ever an Administra-
tion, since the days of Washington, been more
uniformly, more strongly, more generally, and
more triumphantly sustained by the people? Has
not its popularity, and the popularity of the Pres-
ident, regularly increased with every new assault,
and upon every new trial?   The answer to these
questions must be in the affirmative. Is then a
popularity thus acquired, and thus sustained, to
be considered dangerous to the country, and an
omen of the speedy dissolution of our happy and
prosperous Confederacy? Is the approbation of
an overwhelming majority of the American peo-
ple, obtained after more full and able and long-
continued discussions before them than have
hitherto been known to the politics of the coun-
try, to be set down as a popularity dangerous to
liberty, and threatening its speedy overthrow?
Sir, 1 cannot subscribe to opinions so injurious
to the integrity and intelligence of the free people
of these States.
How, Mr. President, was it in the days of
General Washington? He was twice elected
President of the United States, and passed through
both of his official terms without even the form
of an opposition. Has any man, from his day
to this, ventured to pronounce his popularity
dangerous to our existence as a nation ? Was
danger apprehended at the time by the patriots
of the Revolution who surrounded him? They
did apprehend danger from desperate and disap-
appointed ambition, and from the madness of
party excitements, but none from too much har-
mony in the public mind. I have heard of no
fears growing out of the too great popularity of
the President then: I feel none now.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF N. P. TALLMADGE,
OF  NEW YORK,
In the Senate, February 15, 1836,
On the motion of Mr. Calhoun not to receive the Petition
of the Society of Friends to abolish Slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. TALLMADGE said he was one of those
who believed that all discussion on this exciting
subject was ill-judged, as well as ill-timed. Under
other circumstances he would be the last to take
part in it. But (said he) from the shape in which
the question is now presented, and from the
manner in which it is pressed upon our consid-
eration, I am unwilling to recoid my vote with-
out a brief explanation of the views which govern
me.
I regret, Mr. President, the necessity of the
discussion, because its natural tendency is to in-
crease the agitation. The interests of the whole
country require that it should cease. Excitement
is the food on which abolition feeds: take this
away, and it will die for want of sustenance. No
one can view with more sincere regret, nor with
greater repugnance than I do, the attempts of the
Abolitionists to disturb the peace and quiet of the
country. Their efforts, however well intended
on the part of some, are fraught with mischief;
and on the part of others are characterized by a
spirit of fanaticism which, if persisted in, may
lead to consequences the most fatal to the peace
and harmony of the Union. This spirit seems
to be a part of the ultmism of the age. It is the
same spirit that has shown itself in various ex-
citements which have, more or less, agitated the
country within a few years past. 1 would by no
means deny to many engaged in this ultraism of
the day, honesty of purpose in the prosecution of
their designs.
!     There are others to whom I would not extend
: even this charity.    But be their purposes what
they may, they are equally productive of the
most mischievous and injurious consequences.
Their efforts, instead of alleviating the condition
of the slave, tend to make it worse.   The own-
ers, feeling that their rights are invaded by these
nefarious attempts to incite the slave to blood-
shed and to murder, throw around them greater
securities, and limit their indulgences within nar-
rower bounds than they were before accustomed
to do.    I do not say that it is the design of the '
great body of the Abolitionists to excite  the
slaves to rebellion, and thereby produce all the i
horrors of a civil and servile war.   But the tend- ,
ency of their measures is to such results.   And I
I have known instances where these awful conse-!
! quences have been depicted; and the Abolitionist
has been asked if he could look upon them -with
composure, and without emotion, when he has
answered, that he was pursuing what he believed
his duty, and he left the consequences to God!
Who can listen, without horror, to such foregone
conclusions? What philanthropist can wish to
see the blood of the master and the slave com-
mingled in these desperate feuds ? What patriot
can wish to see the peace of the Union disturbed
by the invasion of rights secured by the Consti-
tution, and which should be held inviolate as long
as that sacred instrument stands?
In the hasty view which 1 have taken of this
matter, I believe I speak the almost unanimous
opinions of the North: I feel very sure that I do
not mistake the public sentiment of the State of
New York on this subject. And it is for the in-
terests of the North, as well as the South, that
these agitations should cease. It is to me a mat-
ter of deep regret that these petitions should be
sent here. They have been sent, more or less
for years past. Congress has received them, but
always refused any action upon them. They
have either been laid on the table, or referred to
a committee, and there been suffered to sleep,
never again to be disturbed. There has been,
heretofore, an almost entire unanimity in Con-
gress in relation to them. Scarcely an individual
in either House could be found who was willing,
by agitating this question, to disturb the com-
promises of the Constitution. After this course
had been pursued for a series of years, it was to
have been hoped that Congress would no longer
be troubled with such unprofitable applications.
In this, those who entertained this hope have
been disappointed. The attack has been renewed
—the petitions are again presented; and the ques-
tion recurs, what shall be done with them ? This
brings us to the immediate subject of debate.
The petition under consideration is from the So-
ciety of Friends. I take great pleasure in saying
that this peaceable and quiet people are not Abo-
litionists, in the modern acceptation of the term.
An opposition to slavery is one of the principles
of their society; and they have, from almost time
immemorial, been in the habit of bearing their
annual testimony against it. I am persuaded,
from an intimate acquaintance with many of them,
that they would deprecate any results, such as
every man conversant with the subject believes
would follow from the interference of Congress
with it. They seem content to bear their testi-
monyagainst slavery by presenting their petition
here. They seem to look upon it as a religious
duty. Having, in this.way, discharged thatduty,
they leave to Congress to discharge its duty, in
such manner as in its wisdom shall seem meet
and proper. The language of this petition, it is
conceded on all hands, is unexceptionable. There
can be no objection, therefore, to receiving it on
that account.
What, then,.is the question which we are called
upon to decide ? Ilia, shall the petition be received ?
I regret that .the. Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] has felt it his duty to make this
motion. It were much better, in my judgment,
that the petition should take the ordinary course
—the course which has heretofore been pursued
with them. The petition, however, has been pre-
sented—the morion hasbeen made, and it becomes
our duty to consider it. Although I regret the
motion of the Senator from South Carolina, and.
think it unwise and ill judged, still I most cheer-
fully accord to him what I claim for myself in all
my action here, purity of motive and honesty of
purpose. At the same time, I cannot persuade
myself that he has given to this subject that care-
ful examination and reflection which its import-
ance demands. It shall be my task, then, to ex-
amine the principle of the question before us. It
involves two important considerations; namely,
the right of the citizen to petition, and the obli-
gation on Congress to receive his petition. To
my mind the right and the obligation are correla-
tive.
As to the right of petition.—This has been deemed
the inalienable right of every American citizen.
Before the adoption of the Constitution, he held
it as a birth-right from his English ancestors.
