113
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
24th Cong. ..1st Sess.      Wabash Improvement—Mr. Hendricks.    National Defence—Mr. Calhoun.           Senate.
—that sentiment which imposes -voluntarily upon
its posesor restraints far moie to be relied on
thin all the restraints which parchment ever ím-
Mr President, I have felt it my duty to say this
much on this subject; and I cannot butexpress the
hope that the decision of the Senate will bo. such
as to preserve inviolate the great right of petition,
the inalienable right of e^ely American citizen;
the inheritance from his English ancestors, one
of the privileges of the people, extorted from
KinsrJohn bv the barons at Runnvmede, reassert-
ed b~V the famous Petition of Rtgltti in the reign
of Charles I , and permanently established by
the celebrated Declaration ofRtghts, which was the
signal of the overthrow of James II., and with
him the downfall of the house of Stuart. Prom
that memorable period to the present time, this
right has never been questioned either by the King
or the Parliament of Great Britain. And scarcely
three score years have elapsed since the same
principle was established by the great charter of
our liberties; and shall the American Senate be
the first to deny to the citizens of this Republic
that which is granted by the monarchy of Eng-
land to all lis subjects' I trust not; and I hope
I may never see the day when the altar of Amei i-
can freedom shall not burn with as pure a flame
as that of any land under heaven.
WABASH IMPROVEMENT BILL.
REMARKS OF MR. HENDRICKS,
OF INDIANA,
In the Senate, February 18, 1836.
The Wabash Improvement Bill being under
consideration—
Mr. HENDRICKS said that, the bill being
read at the Secretary's table, he had risen in his
place to say a few words in explanation of it; but
the apparent unanimity of the Senate in its favor,
had induced him to resume his seat, in the belief
that a recollection of this bill, and former discus-
sions upon it at previous sessions, and that the
report of the committee in Us favor, which had
been printed and laid on the tables of the Sena-
tors, had rendered all explanations unnecessary.
The call of the Senator from New Hampshire he
would, however, cheerfully answer, and the few
words which he might deem it necessary to say
in reference to this bill would be chiefly confined
to the necessity at the present time of passing it;
a necessity stronger than ever heretofore.
This bill (Mr. H. said) was the same which
had passed the Senate at the last session, and
which had passed the Senate at three previous
sessions. Except in amount, it was precisely the
same. Its history would, no doubt, be recollected
by many Senators, and the difficulties it had to
encounter, and what he had chiefly now to say
in relation to it, was, that time and circumstances
had removed those difficulties, as he believed,
both here and elsewhere, and he hoped that, on
the present occasion, there would be no hesita-
tion in passing the bill.
The navigation of the Wabash river (said Mr.
H.) i« intimately and inseparably connected with
the Wabash and Erie canal. It is through the
navigation of this river, which empties into the
Ohio river, that the Wabash and Erie canal unites
the navigation of the Mississippi with the lakes,
and opens a channel of inland navigation be-
tween the two great commercial emporiums of
the country, New York and New Orleans. This
line of navigation is on the most direct route; is
the shortest line of navigation which can ever be
opened between these cities. The river itself is
the largest and most important tributary of the
Ohio. It flows through a larger and more fertile
region of country than any other river of the
Ohio. It float) to the markets of New Orleans
and the South a larger quantity of agricultural
productions than any of those rivers. Indeed,
it is questionable whether any river of the West,
of the second class, not even excepting the Cum-
berland, the Arkansas, or the Rea river, is justly
entitled to be ranked with it in importance. It is
a river navigable for steamboats to a great dis-
tance—to the mouth of the Tippecanoe, perhaps
five hundred miles from its own mouth. But this
navigation is safe and certain only in times of
high water, or when the river is somewhat swol-
len. In lowwatenthasobstructions which wholly
prevent its navigation, and these obstructions aie
near its mouth. They entnely destroy the use-
fulness of its navigation in stages of low water,
and in some dry seasons boats with the produce
of the country have been unable to get out of the
river during the whole year. Such was the case
during the spring and summer of 1834, when
hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of pio-
duce, prepared for the maikets of the South, lit-
erally rotted on hand.
These obstructions (said Mr. H.) are below
Vincennes, and pretty much confined to a region
of river about fifteen or twenty miles in extent.
They consist of ripples, eight or nine in number,
which are filled with rocks, islands, bais, and
crooked and shallow channels. At the Grand
Rapids, the most difficult of these passes, the
depth at low water is but two and a half feet.
This river, for a great distance, is the boundary
between the States of Indiana and Illinois, and
the improvement of its navigation has long been
an ob|ect of muth interest with4)oth these States.
In 1822, laws were passed by these States author-
izing a joint examination of the obstructions by
engineeis of each State. This examination was
had, and a report made on the subject, but the
estimates were considered beyond the means of
the States at that time, and noappropnation was
made. At subsequent sessions of the Legisla-
tures of those States, about one yeai ago, appro-
priations were made; but during the last summer
and fall, the water of the river was too high for
operations upon the work, and nothing of any
consequence has yet been done. At the recent
sessions of those Legislatures, other appropri-
ations to this object have been made, and the
ensuing season will be, as it ought to be, of great
exertion on this subject. The work, however, is
too important and heavy for the States, and one
which, in their opinion, ought to be accomplished
by this Government. The aid of this Government
is wanted, and skillful engineers are needed.
These obstructions ought to be removed by a
canal that would pais steam boats; and the work,
in whatever manner undertaken, is too important
to be any longer neglected. Heretofore, this has
not been considered by the Federal Government
an object of much magnitude. This river, un-
connected with any other channel of commerce,
has been thought to belong to a class of local
objects, not specially entitled to the consideration
arid means of the Federal Government. Now,
the Wabash and Erie canal is opened. The
navigation of the summit-level section was com-
menced on the 4th of July last, and other large
sections will beoDened during the ensuing spring.
That portion of the canal, as originally located,
which lies within the State of Indiana, is, with
the exception of thirty-five or forty miles, all
under contract, and by act of the last Legislature
of that State, the canal is to be continued down
the Wabash to Terre Haute, a further distance
of eighty or ninety miles. The valley of the
Maumee, from the Indiana line to Lake Erie,
will, after the Michigan boundary question shall
be settled, be speedily made by the State of Ohio;
and then this Wabash river, m-rtead of being a
local object, not entitled to be considered of na-
tional importance, wili be an important link in
the chain of one of the most splendid and useful
inland navigations in the world; certainly the
most important that is, or can be made in the
United States; an inland navigation, the shortest
and the best that can ever exist between New
York and New Orleans.
Now, sir, when this bill was under considera-
tion of the Senate one year ago, not one mile of
this canal had been  opened to navigation. No
highway of commerce then couid be said to con-
nect the custom-houses and ports of entry on the
lakes, with those on the Mississippi. All this
change has since taken place. The condition of
this work, and of the whole country, has since
essentially changed. The navigation of this river
is closely and inseparably connected with the
canal. Without its improvement, the canal must
be, a greater portion of the year, comparatively
useless. The canal is now ahead of the river;
and, begin this woik when you may, the canal
will continue ahead. I repeat, Mr Piesident, the
navigation across the summit level of the country
is nlieady perfect. A splendid work is going on
in the villtys of the Maumee and the Wabash.
It has changed the condition of the whole coun-
try. It has sold for you millions of acies of lands.
It has biought you millions of dolíais into the
Treasury, and you are already doubly paid for
yom canal grant of 1827. The ordinance of 1787
h-\d designated this summit level as a cauying
place between the navigable waters of the Mis-
sissippi and the St. Lawrence, and had guarantied
its fiee navigation forever. The Government of
the United States ought to have made this canal.
The gunmntee has not been kept inviolate; but
the work has been performed, and is in a state of
rapid completion by the State of Indiana. Things
have rapidly changed upon the Upper Wabash
within the last year. There is now no question
about local and national objects in reference to
the Wabash and Erie canal and the navigation
of the Wabash. These woiks can no longer be
viewed as separate or of doubtful importance in
a commercial point of view. A great highway
of commerce is established there, and the union
of the waters of the Mississippi and the northern
lakes is effected. All objections of this sort to
the passage of this bill will, I have no doubt,
henceforth and forever cease. It will obtain the
sanction of the Executive, as I believe, and I
hope the unanimous vote of the Senate.
NATIONAL DEFENCE.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
February 17, 1836.
The special order, Mr. Benton's Resolution,
being under consideiation—
Mi. CALHOUN rose,and afterafew inaudible
remaiks, said he rejoiced most heartily that this
country had been saved from the calamities of a
French war—a war that must have been interm-
inable and ruinous. The amicable relations be-
tween the two countries must be restored unless
one unfortunate circumstance shall prevent it.
He alluded to the last message of the Piesident
on the subject of our Fiench relations, and an un-
fortunate speech which had been delivered on that
floor since that message. If that message should
unfortunately arrive in Fiance before the differ-
ences between the two countries are settled, or if
that speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buchanan,] directly impeaching the integ-
rity of the French King and his Ministers, con-
trary even to the admissions of the President him-
self, no man could tell the consequences The
Senate would bear in mind, that when ho ad-
dressed them some time since on the subject, he
expressed his deep regret that the President had
not waited to hear what effect his annual message
had in France before he sent in that one of so
reprehensible a character. He then expressed
his apprehensions that the second message would
arrive in France before the first one had time to
produce its effect. But thanks to a merciful
Providence this unwise, ill-timed quarrel had
terminated. He rejoiced that such had been the
result When he heard the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, holding the relations that he did to the
Administration, and acquainted as he was with
the state of our foreign relations, rise in bis place,
and use such language in reference to the French
King and his Ministers, and that too after the
mediation was accepted, he felt the deepest appre-
hensions that war was determined on; but, thanks
to an all-wise Providence, that calamity had been
averted.
The Senator from New York had given a state-
ment of what would be in the Treasury on the
1st of January next; and he presumed that that
statementmight be relied on. The amount would
be #26,000,000; but deducting the unavailable
funds, as the Senator from New York very prop-
erly had done, the amount would be brought
down to about twenty-five millions. The Senator
also went on to deduct, as the Secretaries of the
Treasury had been in the habit of doing for some
