ISB6.t
APPKNBiK sot *emiyomHW8&mmmiwjmf+
If5
24tií Cong.... 1st Sess.
National &*fenee—Mr. Watt.'
I.
<1§kimú.
yeAr«, the outstanding balances. Bet these bal-
ances ought never to betaken into the account.
They were running accounts, and before they can
be demanded, more of them will accumulate.
The true amount, then, of the surplus in the
Treasury on the 1st of January next, would be
? 125,000,000. Now, sir, (said Mr. C.,) it is de-
ightful to see how time will confirm truth. Did
not every Senator remember that, when heat the
last session said they would have a balance of
$20,000,000 in the Treasury in two years, that
he was charged with making extravagant asser-
tions—that his calculations Were laughed at}
Wei), then, time had come round, and he was
inore than justified in all that he had said. So
far from there not being $90,000,000 in the Treas-
ury, there would be more than he had calculated
on. The Secretary had admitted an error in his
estimates, and that happening, too, in a space of
twenty days. Wái it ever heard of before that-
a chief financial officer of any Governmentcom-
Biitted an error in his estimates of $6,000,000,
within twenty days of the termination of the'
quarter ? This was the way in which oar affairs
were conducted. So help him Heaven, he had
not, for six years' past, looked into the estimates
of the Departments without seeing errors that
astonished him.
Sir, (said Mr. C.,) we aw constantly hearing
of the defenseless state of the country. This song
has been sung from beginning to end; awl yet no
man had undertaken to point out what particular
fortifications were deficient, and what ordnance,
what muskets, swords, pistols, and munitions
were wanted. He could not himself undertake
to say; but if the appropriations which had been
made for such objects had been properly ex-
pended, as they no doubt had been, under the
excellent arrangement of the War Department;
we were in twenty time* a better*tate of defense
than we were in the last war, which was carried
ton with so much eredit to the country. Gentle-
men «poke of the defenseless state of our fortifi-
cations, without naming one of them, and* spoke
with the confidence of a General Bernard or a
General McCrea. Sir, (said Mr. C.,) we are in
an admirable state of defense. Our fortifications
are equal to our means. He had no wish, how-
ever, to stop the appropriations for fortifications.
He wished these works to go on to a reasonable
extent; bat our principal reliance for defense
must be on the Navy. He had one great conso-
lation for the diffiaüfties he had encountered for
fifteen years, in returning truth. Gentlemen who
had warred against him on this very subject of
fortifications were now loud in asserting their
necessity: He had to use every exertion, and to
contend with the most strenuous opposition in
iavor of the system he had proposed. What
would have become of these fortifications if he
had given way to that opposition f He now had
the proud satisfaction to see those gentlemen who7
then opposed him coming forward, and strenu-
ously'pressing appropriations for these objects,
without sufficient magnanimity to do him justice.
I again ask of gentlemen, (said Mr. C.,) if you
hold this language now, what ought to hare been
your language and your policy seventeen years
ago? But time (he said) would go on, and those
who opposed him recently would in a few years
hence change their note. There wats a storm
brewing, and he advised them to be prepared for
it. The spoils party, without principle and With-
out policy, held together by nothing- but the"
hopes of plunder, contained within themselves
the elements of strife. Yes, then* Was a storm*
•lead; and he advised them to lookout. That'
unfortunate measure of the Administration against
fl  Bank of the United States was now producing"
«o coaeeonences. Tliey already saw the evils of
s  «.ordinate increase of the banking system,'
end the competition in the States for its extension,
productBg a state of things that must end in a'
violent revulsion. This surplus revenue, too,
whil* it remained in the deposit banks they were
safe; but let it be withdrawn, and there will be a
•hock that will be felt throughout the country.
He had heard « great deal of the President's
popularity. Any man possessing a moderate
degree of intellect, and a moderate degree of firm-
less, with the m«ans*f the Treasury>inhis poWory
No. 8
and under the circumstances in which the Presi-
dent was placed, could easily maintain that pop-
ularity. The Opposition was exceedingly feeble.
Did they not know that the Opposition differed
in its principles, and that at the very moment they
approached to victory they separated ? Gentle-
men laughed at this, but he would give them some-
thing they would not laugh at. The President was
elected asa judicious tariff man; " and although"
(said Mr.C.) "we of the South doubted him, we
' were compelled to take him rather than take a
'tariff maní we elected him, believing that he
'.would oppose the tariff; but he deceived us
' grossly. We were compelled, however, to take
' him rather than take a tariff man; and the other
| party preferred him to a Nulllfier.'' Théf Pres-
ident, on his election, took the middle ground,
and used the power and influence of the Govern-
ment to buy up friends from both parlies. He
arrogated to himself almost kingly power, which
was kept up on the principles of the spoils party
—a most contaminating, base, and low-minded
system of policy There were scarcely any acts
of this Administration but would, under other
i circumstances, have united the South; but he had
i divided it, and kept it divided. With the South
! divided, there could be but little opposition to any
i Administration. The North never could make an
efficient opposition. He Would not go into the
causes of this, nor did he intend any disparage-
ment to the North by the assertion; he put it
simply on the ground of the philosophy of the
system. There could be no effectual opposition,
then, but in the South; and (said Mr. C.) they
never gave us the chance of turning oat an Admin-
istration but twice, and we then did the business
in high style and in short order. General Jack-
son Was going out of power, and the Administra-
tion that succeeds him could not keep the South
divided. I tell the coming Administration to look
out. The President certainly had high qualities,
which (said he) we do not look upon as existing
in his nominee. He had courage and firmness;
was warlike, bold, and audacious; but he Was not
i true to his word, and violated the most solemn
pledges without scruple. He had done the State,
too, some service, which was remembered greatly
to his advantage. But his nominee had none of
these recommendations; he had not, as his friend'
from North Carolina [Mr. Maiígüm] had re-
marked, any of the lion or tiger breed about him;
he belonged more to the fox and the weasel, and
had not the firmness to keep the South divided.
He had not intended to say so much when he
arose. He consoled himself that his past policy,
which he had maintained with so much difficulty
for so many years, had been so highly applauded;
and he rejoiced that the gentleman from New
York had ascertained the amount of the surplus
to be so much greater than was anticipated.
Mr. EWING would say a very few words in
reference to the remarks of the gentleman'frótn
NewTork, [Mr. Wnifcirr.] He differed front
thatgeattertan-is the estimate he had made of the
amount of surplus funds, and he thought he fcould
show him tové is1 error. Mt. fi.then Went into
a detailed statement of the receipts of the Treas-
ury in support of his position. As' an additional
item in the calculation, he said diere was no doubt
as to the receipt of the Seven millions from the
United States Bank. It had received a charter
fronv the State of Pennsylvania. An act to re-
charter it had passed the Legislature- of thai State,
and ft only wanted the signature of the Governor
to become aláw. The stock owned by the United
States in that bank-would sell at least for twenty
per cent, advance, which would make eight mil-
lion five hundred thousand .dollars. ' «       ,
He Would «ay one word in regard 8  national
defenses. He would vote liberally for the national •
defense; but that that vote must; be founded on
a conviction' that it could be' well expended.
These expenditures required time, feleftt, and-
physical force. He would again refer the gentle-
man, as he had before, to the reports of the Secre-
tary of War, to «how that it Was not in his power
to expend the money during the same year for
which it was'appropriated. Inetfperieneea' engi-
neers did nt>titnsw«i«the purpose. It took time
and experience to «n«We the 'to direét the ex*
pe* dft re!Qf rtoíiey.tfti**a*tagár! He spoke of
the difficulty of gettíngan increase of- í*períéneéd
military engineers. The gentleman from NeT 
York had said, if the money appropriated could
not be expended, it would be something new. He
could inform the gentleman that at Port Schuyler,
on Throg's Neck, there was an Unexpended bal-
ance, from a total inability to proeure hands to
do the work. They had tried in the city of New
York, State of Connecticut, &c, and failed to get
enough. These large expenditures could not be
well expended. He referred to a report made
heretofore on the Subject, that would give the
Senate more fuH irffdrmation. He had always
voted in favor of these appropriations. At present
he was not disposed to make lumping appropri-i
ations to earw year after year, to unexpended
balances, for thfc interest and profit Of particular
individuals, and not for the benefit of the country.
The expressions given by the Navy Commis-
sioners relative t  contracts fof timber, referred
to by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wmcb*,] 'amounted to this—that they could
expend in 1836 the appropriations- of 1835, and
that at some time it eould be expended.
Whence (said Mr. EJ.) comes that large unex-*-
pended balance of upward* df three millions, in
the hands of these Navy Commissioners?
If it was "in order, he Would propose «ñ amend-
ment, the import of which was «ailing upon the
President for information as t* What amount of
money could toe judiciously expended within One
yeaf, &t.        .               ■ <•    ■■
• Th« CHAIR decided- it Wits not in order, Atid
Mr. E. withdrew it.
' Mr. WALL. Ürre*éá<B*d«na'<&ustomedto the
eourse of procedure in tfrh  H*«ise, wheh he heard
the geotlffmah from South Carolina on a former
occasion proclaim that it was on this floor that
the great battle of liberty against power was td
be fought, he was disposed to enlist under his"
banner, as he avowed' himself (he champion of
Kberiy. Indeed, if he had not entered- into such
contest on the side ©^liberty, hs felt that he
would have been unfaithful td his eonstitnénts.
thousands of whom would, at the firsrbattie-cTy,'
rash tq ths aid of liberty. Hé cordially united
with' the honbr&ble gentleman also in the wish-
thai the doots of thiwChSmbersbould bo opened,
and, if possible, that the'whO^Aimeriea* peopls
should witiwss'tnVcoYités*. Bui h« «éoM Wot *e-
éress the expression «Phis' astonishment at tb«
kind Of battle that! he fdofia was ¡to tie fought?
and if this was to be thfe'eharaefer of it, he should
regret the presence of even the small audience
whom the limits of the gallery could accommo-
date . He should have felt mortified and hu mbled
if the eye of the whole American people should
have Witnessed the mariner of the onslaught this
day made'. What was it? If wfesi an onslaught'
against the constituted authorities of the country ¡
against ths'fitel andTSeconfi offioerS'qhosen by tfle
people; against the sacred principles on which OU(
Govsfnment Was faánded1; an onslaught a aí*st
the officer WhcWe constitutional -duty it was to-
preside ova* our deliberations, and not in a situa-
tion to defend himself. And how Was thieim-
staujhtmade ? Wasít avade in ehecosA-tiwüa and?
chivalrous bearing of thegaWancseidiersof lib-
erty warring against power Í Was U mate i 
language consistent with ths deeofuw and dig*,
nity of a-legislative boiy?- In hi* hitmbis jitdg-'
meni itwasnot.andU wWttrtethWithiSrtaotj  
of debeAe should «* **• iw «Ms Oliawbev;: I         >
-Sin I hav* wíaieBs*d'^to"*iy¡w*s* I «•*•*
expected to Haw witnessed ¿in tkis or a*r bto 
deaiberative body. The President: «Í ttwTJflne*
Stales iias been charged with falsehood arid de-
ception on thi *odrs and the President of this*
body* the chosen office* wf the people, has been-
assaitad—Ae would not say m whaJtattguage; butt
he would say^n language which, in his opinion,
as* gentleman ought not i  use in refereiw* to;
another, «ad unsuitable to the decorum of this
tj*d?.                                 " <                                   ''
'Mr. ÓAI.ff01!NliST^rt^e* dth««éht.lsin«n>
from NewJé**ey,W«ayw*aelamfc«a%« nwaa
that b* «ad used, ineonsiwent With ¡feeorntn.
Mr. WALL resumed. No, sir, I shall not
undertake to doit. The gentleman could not in-
duce him to repeat &at language, forJ  «esiwi
