18364
A&fpwwz TQ^sm tmtomssiasini igdqbk.
.115
£fcrn GoNC—.lst Sess.          tfationhl Defense's The Adbiiwirationr-.Mc: jSftepfey.
(AcfMftfc.
his public cateer; they have examined his acta;
they have scrutinized his motivesi they admire
hisnrmness, his patriotism, his moral courage,
and his devotion «o his country. This venerable
patriot, who is here charged with violating his
pledges, has a stronger hold on the confidence
and affections of the people than any other man
now living. He has been tried, sir, in various
ways: three times he has been before the people,
and has received a stronger testimony of their
unshaken ami increasing confidence and approval
than any other man has or can receive.
Sir, I repeat, that Andrew Jackson- and his
weH earned reputation arc safe in every place but
one, and I shall name where that place is before
I sit down. Yes, sir, ha would be safe even within
the marble walls of tkatecrrupt institution, which,
in the discharge of a high official duty, his giant
arm humbled: in the dust.   , . 1
Where, then, ia .the place in which he is not
aafe ? Sir, I wiH teH ypu where that place is—it
is in this Hall. Here K ia that he has been ar-
raigned v cried, and condemned unheard, without
any opportunity to confront his accusers or make
his defense; arraigned and condemned in viola-
tion of that Confutation which we have all sworn
to support,irrdisregard'of those forms which the
laws of the land have provided, and denied the
priviiettfrof entering his peotestagainstyourillegal
proceeaSogs. Here it is, sir  in. thia Hall, that the
reputation and fair fame of this illustrious patriot
has from time to time been maligned, assailed ,and
traduced. Sir, there han,, since the year 1824 
been a great political problem before this country,
the solution of which-has puzzled and troubled
many sf ourgTeat men. This problem is, to dis-
sover the canee of Andrew Jackson 'a popularity.
This r^at question, so deeply interesting, and sb
marvelous, to some* has brought into requisition
the highest talents and great etudition.. States-
men, orators, and writers of .all descriptions,
have tried their hands and pens in attempting to
«infold this great secret; but the explanations they
Jiave given have been in direct-conflict with each
other, and all wide of the tratk.
For several years it-was instated that the pop-
ularity of General Jackson rested entirely on his
military reputation, and that enthusiasm which
prevailed among the people towards a military
chieftain. Sir, on the very day that this vener-
able patriot Was sworn to the faithful discharge
of the duties of his station, a distinguished states-
man, now a member of thia Senate, publicly de-
clared in this city, thai, in this free Republic, a
military chieftain waa elevated to the highest
station qf power against the intelligence and en-
lightened judgment of the nation, as a short time
before another military chieftain had raised him-
self to power in another Republic, in this western
hemisphere. Prom that tune, for several years,
-the election of Andrew Jackson—-whiah aston*
«shed some gentlemen so muchi—was attributed
to the folly and enthusiasm of the people, to their
being swayed and carried away by the nttfitary
services and fame of a military hero. This state-
ment rang a thousand change , and was presented
in a thousand forms. . Even ia public «rations it
was declared, by distinguished statesmen, that
the in telligentand well-informed porliortof the peo-
ple had noagencyintheelevanonofthe President-,
that his election had been brought about by the
" kmrrakboyt," and those who knew jbst enough
to shout " hurrah for Jackson." This explana*
tion of the President's popularity, however satis-
factory for a time; did not continue to satisfy ail
ofthose who felt so deeply interested in this ques-
tion.   Other explanations were put forth .
The honsrable Senator from Tenneasee, coming
from the same State as the President, has, in a
recent speech, assigned a different cause for his
election. He tells us it waa* «he result of 1 the
strong feeling which prevailed against the abut 
of executive influence, nod that it waa to prevent
this influence being, brought into conflict with
the freedom of elections that the people raised
Andrew Jaekson b  the Presidency  < Whether
this circumstance had any ináuenoe¡bri that elec-
tion, it is not my purpose tó examiné*; I am only
pointing out the different canses which have been
••signed, a  the solution of thia-great political
problem. .
But the honorable Senator  from South Caro-
lina have given an entire different explanation of
the President's popularity at the South. They
inform us that it was wholly owing to his being
regarded as a moderate tariff man, and that, de-
spairing of the success of any candidate opposed
to the tariff, they had united on him as a choice
of evils. VVe are then told that the President
deceived and betrayed his southern friends, and
violated his pledges; that he gave his sanction to
a high tariff  even the odious act of 1828. Sir, I
da not understand how.the President has sanc-
tioned the tariff of 1828; he had, 1 think, sir,
resigned his seat in the Senate previous to that
time..   ,                            ■    .     1              j ,
'   Mr. PRESTON asked to explain, and.said the
President approved tmd *ig*ei that law.
Mr. Nli.ES continued: Sir, I had supposed
that the President entered upon the duties of his
office on the 4lh of March, in the year 1839, and
believe the Senator is mistaken on this point, as
well as some others. If it were true, as has been
claimed, that the President was supported by the
South on the ground of his being a moderate tariff
man, has not his course in relation to that subject
been such as should have'satisfied all reasonable
expectations? Is-he to be charged with having
disappointed such expectations—of having falsi-
fied his promises—of violating his pledges ? So ch
charges are totally unfounded and unjust. Has
not the President pursued a moderate course in
relation to th.e tariff. Have not the gentlemen
read his messages, which, year after year, urged
on Congress a reduction of the tariff, and the ad-
justment of the exciting question upon equitable
principles, which might give reasonable satisfac-
tion to all sections of the Union? These are
-notorious facts; axd are we now to be told that
the defection of a portion of his supporters at the
South,, was owing to his violating his pledges
regarding!the tariff? It is to the persevering
efforts of the President, that this distracting ques-
tion was settled, and the tariff* satisfactorily
adjusted, although others have claimed the credit
«f. ¡U Sir, is not ¿hat gentleman- [Mr. Calhoun]
aware that there is another version of this mat-
ter? that the public have heard of another and
very different reason for the support the President
received from a certain party at the South, and
for the withdrawal of that support? 'Does the
gentleman understand me, or is it necessary to
be more specific? Sir, there was a soathern can-
didate, and when it was found that there was no
chance for that candidate at- the then, coming
election, he was withdrawn; and he and his
friends united in the support of Andrew Jackson.
How far they were sincere in this I will not
undertake to decide. They continued their supi-
port during the early part of the first term of the
President, when it was suddenly withdrawn, and
for reason* of which the public, at the time,
formed an opinio . Is it necessary to say more
•n this point?, Does the gentleman understand
me?                       -ji       f     .        '      1 ii -   >' >3 i >
Having- alludeé to some of the attempt  at A
solution of the great,problem of Andrew Jack-
son's popularity,'which, has occasioned so much
astonishment* and-given, so much uneasiness to
some gentlemen, 1 .will now, sir, "inform those
gentlemen what I better* is the true explanation
of this question. ' Sir, i will not do this irr my
own language, but io> the language of the -greatest
and best-man this country ever produced, if we
except one; and I am not sure, siry there should
he any exception. In the language, then, of that
great and good man, I declare that the secret'of
Andrew Jackson's popularity is, that the people
believe him to be "capable, ioiirsi.and faithful
to the Constitution." These, and particularly the
second, are the attributes which have secured to
him so strong, s  mvtneible a hold on the public
confidence; We here have the great secret of
hie popular power—the charm, the talisman; by
which thid oMut has carried away. the.heart* of
the people. This is. the trae exrjlanafioft of that
great and .dangerous popularity whicüseems to
have been so,much dreaded by;some***  much
coveted by dtherst . It is not ¡his military fame,
great Mtfaattiw; it is not his opinions on the tariff,
nor any other particular subjects No. The people
rabyaj!e«^tóm,a^4 support fait , beeaane they
know him to be honest, capable, bold, and fear-
less; because they confide in his integrity—his
firmness—his readiness to assume any responsi-
bility, regardless of all consequences to himself,
when the great interests of his country require it.
Sir, was the secret of the popularity of this
illustrious man a salable commodity, and thrown
into market, there would, my word for it, be
many eager purchasers; there would be one in the
West.one in theSouth, and one in the East, and
how many more I will not take upon me to say.
. Sir, what a consistent and honest opposition is
that which on this floor has waged incessant war
upon the'man the people have elevated to the
highest station .on earth, according to the ac-
knowledgments of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. C*LHetJK.] He has just assigned as
a reason why they hadmot succeeded in over-
throwing this Administration, that the Opposition
was composed of three distinct pasties—he should
have, said factions —professing, antagonist prin-
ciples. Yes, sir, they can unite in a warfare to
overthrows the- Administration; they can unite to
arraign! try,.and condemn the President-; but
when they have reached that pointy and it be-
comes necessary to develop their own plans,
I measures, and candidates/ they fall to pieces;
, they.can go together no further. . 1 <
[     Sir, in the State which I havethe honor, in
Eart, to represent, Andrew Jackson, when first
rought forward for his present high office, was
not known to the people; tbey knew him only as
a general, as a successful military leader. They
appreciated the important' services he had ren-
dered his country; they gloried in his military
fame; but when he was proposed for the highest
civil trust, not knowing his personal character,
or his qualifications forcivil office, they hesitated',
and withheld their support. And the gross mis-
representations and falsehoods which had been
circulated, had poisoned ¡the minds of many, and
spread far. and wide the most inveterate preju-
dices. At the election of 1638, out of more than
forty thousand voters, be received but four thou-
sand suffrages^ But when his Administration
commenced, they began to judge of him by fats
acts, his measures^ hm messages, and his official
conduct. They gradually discovered that they had
been deceived, and began> to admire his decision,
energy, his independence; and the honesty of his
purposes. And now^siryinstead of four thousand,
there are more than twenty-four thousand, good
men and true, ready to sustain-him and his Ad-
ministration/ 'It is not from enthusiasm or his
military fame, that he has thus gradually gained
upon the confidence of that people.
The great secret of his popularity I havealready
pointed out—that popularity which his enemies
profesa not to understand, which they seem so
much to fear, and which1 some of them appear so
much to ¿overt—so anxious to filch from him.
Sir, there is but one Way thii popularity can be
acquired; I hare told them what that way is; and
if they expect ever to acquire it* 'they must seek
it where it is alone to be found. They must Ñn>
tate the example of this venerable patrio'; ltke
him they mast devote their great talents to the
serVice of their* country, in civil or military sta-
tions, whenever the people see fit to empknr them,
honestly, faithfully, perseveringly, regawlesA of
consequences to themselves, and with a.single ejíé
tó the public good, J ¡When they shall have done
this-when,l&e Andre* Jaekaonithey shall ha*
spent their whole: lives in advancing their coun-
try "s ñneerests instead of their own, they, too 
may acquire that popularity they so'much covet
They then may convince the people of that alb-
rmportant truth, without which no «tan need ex-
pect tb rise to the highest station in this eóuntry
¡Ztbey then-may satisfy tlte people that they are
Bomsc. ' •   '-'    J       -' '                ,
NATIONAL MWiafSB^TSE ADMHÍÍ8TBATIO .
DEBATE  IN  THE SENATE*
; '!','- ii^ttor, í'é^sas.
On the.ttesoUKtoii     *$"*■ t|w-*"**   **««"" for
the4afen e of the country— ..   . f
Mr SHEPLEY said it was hot his intention
WWiWrintothedAheltottr^ttth^nawltitioB; but
