.#
Itttti.)
jmmim mi-'tmmivmmBiiWib m@m-
m
u4tm Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sb$9éryU4k*J)ittrt<* tf fbkmto«~TMr< &ik*,
.-&«*!*•
he referred to the particular duties which seemed
to be assigned to them by their friends. To the
Senator from Missouri, for instance, he assigned
the charge of the bank raga; and, at the same
time, inquired of him—supposing him to have the
beat information on the subject—the cause of their
?reat increase. He also assigned to the Senator
rom New York—a most able and distinguished
Senator—the management of the affairs of the
Albany Regency. Also to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, whose diplomatic education well
qualified him for the charge, he assigned the
•upenntendency of our foreign relations, <fcc. He
had only referred, however, to the duties of the
moat distinguished Senators. Had he descended
to the subordinate ranks, he certainly should not
have passed by the Senator from Maine; and in
assigning him his duties, he should have desig-
nated him as defender of the Kitchen Cabinet. It
would be remembered, that ia a speech made by
the Senator at the last session, he distinctly said |
that" many good things came from the kitchen." '
Mr. SHEPLEY «aid he thought so still; he
bad fouad many good things come from the
kitchen, and Hoped to find many more good
things coming from the same place. But he
would inform the Senator from North Carolina
that the member of the Kitchen Cabinet whom |
Ik ealogized had since then been found to be so
good, that he had-ascended from the kitchen;
and the Senator couid now ascend and meet him \
Without going there.                                            |
Mr. LEIGH said, as he originally understood
these resolutions, he bad no objection to vote for
them more than any other abstract proposition.
But the queetioa vas, whether, in voting for them,
the effect would pot be to pledge them to appro-
priate the revenue for these particular objects, for '
no matter how long, anil to any extent.               I,
Several gentlemen satd that there would only
be a pledge to «rote so much «a was necessary.
Mr, PQRTER observed, that be did not know
what other gentlemen thought of these resolu- '
tions. They appeared to him to be no more than
the expression of an,abstract opinion. If any '
gentlemen understood them otherwise, he wished
them to explain them. In voting for these reso-
lutions, he was not about to surrender his judg-
ment as to what was necessary to be appropriated
for the objects embraced in them; and he sup-
f«sed that other gentlemen, in voting for them,
agreed only £or what appropriations they them-
selves might think necessary. He was not for
basing ais hands tied and his mouth stopped,
should appropriations be brought up that be could
4>ot approve of; and he had, therefore, thought
proper to make this explanation before taking the
-soestion.
Mr. BUCHANAN made some- remarks upon
Ihe nature and character of the resolutions, and
tow far their adoption would pledge Senators to
rote for appropriations in future. These remarks
rave rise toan explanation from Mr. CALHOUN,
in which he stated that Mr. Buchanan had al ways
Íiven his support to the fortifications necessary
sr the defense of the country.
Mr. DAVIS observed, that he had voted for
I tying these resolutions on the table, and he did
-it for tlii  reason. The discussion had gone on
ht a great while, and he was content, for one,
that it should be debated by others, and so long
as there was .a prospect, though a remote one, of
hostilities with a foreign Power, while there was
an y prospect of an interruption tf> the pacific re-
lations of the country, he was willing that the
discussion should continue, and that it should be
ended by an expression ot opinion on the part of
the Senate in the form contemplated in the reso-
lutions. But within a few days past, our foreign
relations had undergone a favorable change; there
seemed now no prospect oí our being in a hostile
state with any Power, and no change of our con-
dition in that respect was expected for at least
twenty years to come. These resolutions con-
templated no aetion of the Government which
would make a disposition of the funds of the
country. They did not propose aay appropri-
ations. Jt, therefore, appeared that they had no
other object but to get an opinion of that body as
to the propriety of placing the country in a state
of defense.   For one, he was disposed to give a
silent vote wa this subject. The c*«ses for the
introduction of these resolutions having passed
away, he voted for laying them on the table. So
far as they contemplated regulating the votes of
members in regard to future appropriations, he
had heard tkat they trammeled no one—that he
should be wholly unpledged. This he wished to
be distinctly understood.
With regard to the defenses of the country, he
would go as far as circumstances would justify;
but every man could see that there was reason in
all things; that neither for the good of the coun-
try, nor for any other purpose, was it neces-
sary or expedient that extravagant appropriations
should be made. Such a course would derange
all things, and be productive of great and unne-
cessary expense. Hence the policy of making
appropciaUons from year to year of the amount
that could conveniently be expended, had been
adopted twenty years ago—not because the coun-
try had not the means of making larger appro-
priations, but because more could not be advant-
ageously expended, and would create derange-
ment and confusion. What was the difference?
It was labor, brick, and mortar, after all. If (said
he) you expend so many millions at once, you
will derange the business of the country, inter-
fering with the labor and materials employed on
railroads, canals, and other useful works. He ¡
rose to express these general views, and to ex- i
plain that, in the vote he was about to give, he '
did not commit himself to vote for any further {
appropriations for fortifications than he himself j
might deem just and expedient, and suited to the
condition and wants of the country.
Mr. BENTON sajd the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] understood the effect of this
resolution precisely as he did. It was the same
in character as the sinking fund act of 1790, and
which was reéaacted in 1816. It was a declara-
tion of policy, to let the public know what sys-
tem was to be pursued.
During the forty years the sinking fund contin-
ued in force, every member voted upon it without
being restricted. So upon the passing of this reso-
lution, every gentleman couid vote as to what
amount he though t the state of the country required.
In the course of his travels last summer, be was
frequently asked what should be done with the
surplus revenue. He bad uniformly answered:
" set it apart for the great object of fortifying the
country." He had met a hearty concurrence in
the object thus expressed.
With respect to the occurrences indicating a
war, which had passed away, he would state that
the occasion was merely referred to by him, by
way of giving emphasis to his argument.
In those remarks, he had several times declared
that if he held the bond of fate in his band for
peace, he would still go on and prepare for war.
Something had been said about making an ex-
traordinary demand for materials and labor. That
consequence,could not escape the notice of those
who had charge of the large ¡appropriation bills.
I speak (sajd Mr. B.) of the fortification bill.
When that bill comes up, I will go into the con-
sideration of this objection, and show it to be
unfounded.
In brief, we occupy (said he) s widely ex-
tended country, the outlines of which are four
thousand miles in extent. One part a serrated,
another cut into indentations and deep bogs, one
of them a thousand miles in circumference.
Upon this vast extensive coast, it was entirely
practicable to carry on a great amount of work
without any one part interfering with another, or
injuriously affecting the price of labor and" mate-
rials.
SLAVERY IN TJIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN M. NILES,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In tbe Senate, February 15, 1836,
Ob the Petition of s Society of Friends in Pennsylvania,
praying for the Abortion of Slavery in tbe District of
Columbia.
The motion of Mr. Calhodn, that the petition
be not received, being under consideration,
Mr. NILES said: Mr. President, I did not
intend, at an earlier day, to have taken any parf
in this debate; I was opposed to agitating this
question here, and was prepared to haye given
these petitions almost any direction which would
have prevented discussion and the agitation at
the question Itere. I would have voted to lay
these petitions on the table, or to have referred
them to a committee, with or without instructions
to report upon them, as I had no fears but what
any judicious committee of the Senate would
have made a report calculated to quiet the existing
excitement, and to exert a salutary influence op
the public mind.
But a different course has been pursued, and a
debate has been commenced, and is evidently, on
this or some other question, to be continued; I
liave therefore felt it a duty which 1 owe to ray
constituents and the country, to offer some few
remarks on this exciting and delicate subject.
This discussion, sir, has iiitberto come mainly
from one-quarter, and appears to have proceeded
on a great misapprehension of the real state qf
public sentiment in that section of the Union front
whence danger seems to be apprehended. To
correct this misapprehension, and disabuse public
sentiment, so far as it may be influenced by any-
thing said or done here, is my principal object
Before entering on this task, however, I wlsb\
to make one suggestion. What k the object of
discussing this subject here, qr the various ques-
tions connected with it ? What beneficial results
are expected.from it? I make the.se inquiries,
because I perceive that, on the part of some gen-
tlemen, there seems a determination to discuss the
subject of slavery generally, or at least so far as
relates to this District. Resolutions have been
introduced, presenting for the consideration of
the Senate sundry abstract questions i in relation
to this subject, and the constitutional powers of
Congress. These resolutions are not now under
consideration, and I have alluded to them only as
evidence of & disposition to press op the $enate a.
general and, I apprehend, unprofitable debate.
What is the object of such debate? Is it to settle
constitutional or other'general principles, and thu*
fut this question,at rest? If this is the purpose,
think it will fail. Sir, I have no belief in' th^o
utility of the discussion of abstract propositions',
totally disconnected with legislation or any prac-
tical results. I have no feith', sir,in settling con-
stitutional questions by resolutions, or t)ie discus-
sion of them, which for years past have consumed
so much of the time of (.he Senate. Nor do I
believe, sir, that any other abstract principles, to
regulate the action of Congress or the people, can
be established by resolutions.howeverextensively
or ably they may be debated.
I well remember, and 1 presume it is not for-
gotten by the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina, a resolution introduced by a Senator from
the State I have the honor in part to represent,
some years since. It was a resolution, I believe,
.in relation to the public lands, which in the ordi-
nary course of business, would not have occupied
the attention of the Senate one hburf perhaps not
fifteen minutes. Prom some magic power, of
which I have no knowledge, that simple resolu-,
tion in relation to the public lands, not a very
abstract subject in itself, was transformed into ft
text for a most voluminous commentary on the
theory and principles of this Government. If I
mistake not, this debate, which called forth the
most profound talent and grpa* erudition, occu-
pied a large portion of ,one, session of Congress.
Of the evilsxif that debate I forbear to speak; but
what benefit tbe country ever derived from it I
have neyer been able to learn  on the most dili-
gent inquiry, unless it be, that it conferred on
the name of the honorable Senator, who was tho
unintentional causeof that debate, a most unen-
viable notoriety. Sir,I believe at that time, not
only every man,. but every woman and child in
the country, were familiar with the name of Mr.
Foot and his resolution; yet, notwithstanding
this, I believe that gentleman had very little to
do with his resorutiqn; and although he always
appears to have regarded it as a very dear child,
vet the care and protection of it, seems to have
fallen into other and abler hands. After the
failure of this great experiment, I am surprised
that any one should think of settling consütu.
