1886.}
APPECíDKt TQ TW mW&$9SI&*J& W&B&
42*
34th Cono.... 1st Skss.
Slavery m the District of Qklmfc&r-lfa. NHtf.
..n-«
;-<$**«*
1 more hostile to the peace of those States more
«immediately affected by them than dangerous
* to the general harmony and the preservation of
' the Union.
" Rtíolvtd, That it is the duty of all good citi-
* sens who love liberty and venerate our happy
* institutions, to discountenance all interference*
' by the citizens of any State, in the local inter-
* esta and concerns of other States; that such in 
' terference in the relations of master and slave,
* and the interests connected therewith, is in an
'eminent degree reprehensible and dangerous.
* That we will use all legal and proper means not
* incompatible with our rights, and those great
« principles of liberty, freedom of speech and the
* press, to repress ana prevent any such ipterfer-
' ence, so unwarrantable in principle, and so dan-
* gerous in its consequences.            ■    -
" Retelvtd, That we can see no good, but much
' evil, from agitating the question in any form, in
' the State  not immediately interested, and that
' we should deprecate any action or proceeding
' by Congress regarding slavery in the District of
* Columbia; and therefore disapprove of the pe-
* litis  which we understand is in circulation
* among the people of this State, to be presented
' to the next Congress, praying for the abolition
* of slavery in the District of Columbia.
" Resolved, That wc regard the subject of ala-
' very in the United States as solely a civil and
* political question, and therefore cannot see the
' propriety of its being taken up by religious com-
' munities, and treated as a moral ora theological
' question; and for the same reason have viewed
' with regret and decided disapprobation, the in-
' terference of some of the clergy, and especially
' those of a foreign country, in a matter involving
'such momentous political principles,and such
'important social rights.r> <         >
Other public meetings were held in different
towns in the State, at which similar sentiments
were expressed. But it is unnecessary to refer
to them. The sentiments expressed by the ctti- !
sens in the two largest towns in the State were
responded to by the great body of our citizens,
with a unanimity seldom if ever witnessed. The
public presses of all descriptions proclaimed the
same opinions. I know ¿f but ooe Abolition
meeting in the State, and that occurred since I
left home. It was, I understand, disturbed and
broken up by violence. These proceedings led
to a call of a general meeting of the citizens of the
town, which passed sundry resolutions, of which
I will read two, that may serve te-sbow their senti-
" Retired, That as by the Constitution of the
' United States, domestic slavery is left entirely
' and exclusively under the control of the indi-
' vidual States where the same exists; any inter-
' ferenee of the other States or the citizens thereof,
'with a view of dictating to the slaveholding
' States, on this difficult and delicate subject^ and
* particularly by insisting on an immediate aboJi-
' tion of domestic slavery, is a. violation of the
' spirit of that Constitution.
" Revived, That this meeting, while it depre-
' cates and will discountenance all tumultuous and
' disorderly proceedings en the great question of
' slavery which now agitates the public mind.can-
' not but deem anti-slavery associations, formed
' for the purpose of disseminating, either by them-
' selves or their special agents, the principles of
' immediate abolition of domestic slavery in all
' the States of the Union wbece it exists, highly
' inexpedient, and injurious -to the- slaves them-
' selves; and this meeting cannot also but consider
' the circulation of pamphlets and other publica-
' tinas in the slaveholding States and elsewhere,
' denouncing all those holding slaves under the
' sanction of the laws of those States as ' man-
* stealers,' and representing, either in words or
' by pictures, all slaveholders indiscriminately as
' guilty of cruel and barbarous treatment of their
' slaves, to be highly reprehensible, calculated not
' merely to disturb the harmony of the States,
' but to promote a servile war, and to destroy the
'Union itself."
Is it supposed that the reckless principles, and
violent measures of modern Abolitionists, are cal-
culated to build up a body of public sentiment at
the North, unfriendly, injurious, and hostile to
the South? Far from it. Those who believe this,
know little of our population.   Their tendency
has been directly the contrary. They have aroused
attention, and excited a spirit of inquiry, which,
have produced, not only a reprobation of the vio-
lent measures of the Abolitionists,.but a decided
, and settled conviction that it is morally wrong
far the people of, one State to interfere, in any
manner, in the local concerns of others, and espe-
cially in the delicate question of domestic slavery
—that such inter ferenee has a direct tendency to
destroy the confidence which should exist be?
tween the different sections of the Confederacy,
' and thus to jeopardize, the Union, which can be.
sustained only by public opinion.
■     That such has been the influence of the rash
I proceedings of these fanatics, in the State whence
I came, I am fully assured.. Previous to these
events, there were some Abolitionists among us.
I know of some who are Abolitionists no longer,
1 or at least, deem it prudent to keep their opinions
to themselves.
Sir, I can state a fact that shows the force of
public opinion developed by the measures of the
fanaticst A short tin*  previous to their pro-
ceedings becoming known, petitions were sent
into different parts of the State, to be circulated
for signatures, and intended to be presented to
Congress, praying for the abolition of slavery in
this District. These were generally sent to clergy-
men—from my situation, in connection with the
mails, I was enabled to ascertain these facts. But,
sir, not one of these numerous petitions has been
sent here; there is nota single petition from Con-
necticut on the subject of slavery in this District.
Sir, public opinion must be respected; the indig-
nant voice of the people, aroused by the conduct
of the Abolitionists, put a stop to this movement.
Does this look like building up a body of public
sentiment, favorable to-the cause of Abolition-
ism?                 ■ ,
And here permit me to correct an error which
the gentleman from South Carolina and others
seem to-have fallen into. They speak of the
tracts and publications, issuing from the Abolition
mint, as being extensively circulated and read by
the people of the North. This is an entire mis-
take. I do net believe that one person in a hun-
dred has ever seen one of these publications; no
one desires to read them; and there is not, so far
as 1 have been able to discover, even a curiosity
to see them. I have no doubt that a large portion
of those sent through the mail  are not taken out
of the post offices. This I know was the fact at
the-office ef which I had tbecbarge; even persons,
supposed to be Abolitionists, declined to receive
them. Were I to seek far these publications, or
copious extracts from them, I would look into the
columns of the newspapers I have referred to;
and I might also.find themt or parts of them, by
looking into the speeches ¡of members of Con-
gress who profess to be most alarmed at their
circulation.
This Abolitionism of the sew school is an
-excitement, «nd like all other excitements, it will
soon pass away,unless kept alive by persecution,
or. some other unjustifiable and unwise measures
.of resistance to it, and not leave a trace behind.
This, sir, is an age ef excitements i almost every
year is characterized by some excitement. A few
years since, we had in my section of the Union
an excitement in relation to the mails being con-
veyed on the Sabbath; numerous petitions were
sent to Congress to interpose and «heck this
national sin, a* it was «ailed. This was followed
by the Indian excitement, .and petitions were
again, circulated and sent to Congress in behalf of
the poer Indians. These petitions, in both of
these cases, were also signed by feinaie ; ,and I
.will state one fact concerning them. Those cirr
«ulated in Connecticut, in behalf of the Indians,
were printed at Andover, Massachusetts; and the
petitions in relation to slavery in this District, to
which I have referred, it is altogether probable
come from the Abolition mint in New York.
What has become of the Indian excitement-?
It would be difficult no w to find a, man who would
admit that he had any agency in it. In 1834 we
were visited with an excitement which surpassed
all others; it was commonly called the ponie
excitement.   For a time it threatened universal
desolation—the stoutest hearts quailed before it.
It was like the pestilence that walketh in darkness
and wasteth at noon-day. The ordinary barrier*
of law, Constitution, and even the sacred instir
tution of the Sabbath, seemed to yield before its
desolating sway, which, in the opinion of some,
brought us to the very verge of a revolution.
Whether anything was heard or known of this
panic here, I cannot say, as I had not the honor
of a seat in the Senate. All that I know is, that
the mails, during the whole session, groaned
under the weight of panic speeches, all calculated
to convince the people that they really were dis-
tressed, whether they were sensible of it or not;
and to persuade them that the only way to removp
the evil was to increase its severity, as quacks in-
form their patients that the only sure means of a
cure are to aggravate the disease., This excite-
ment, terrible as it was, soon passed away; an<l
far be it from me to wish to revive it. Peace to
its ashes!—may they long repose undisturbed,
unless scattered by the winds of heaven over the
vast "solitudes" of the West, whether lakes pir
prairies!
Such,, sir,, will be the issue of .the Abolition
excitement of 1835. It will not be in the power
of agitators and evil disposed persons,either at
the North or the South, to keep it alive for any
length of time; much less will it have the effect
of producing settled convictions and opinions in
one section of the Union hostile to another.
Sir, was this to be apprehended, I will admit it
would bean evil of the most alarming character,
This has once been tried at the North,under cir-
cumstances more favorable for success than will
probably ever again occur. Sir, when disaffection
—I will not say to the Union, although that has
been charged by others—when disaffection to the
Administration and the principles of it prevailed
extensively at the North, and had sunk deep into
the hearts of the people, the leaders of a great
party attempted to build up and consolidate their
power by exciting unworthy prejudices against
the people of the South. _ The slave population,
and the fact of its forming in part the basis of
Federal representation, was the principal ground
on which the structure of sectional prejudices was
attempted to be erected. This scheme was com-
menced early. 1 fhink it was in the year 1736
that a series of essay's, written with unusual
ability, were published in a newspaper Tn Con-
necticut, standing high in the confidence of the
dominant party, agitating the slave question, ana
designed and calculated to excite prejudices on
that subject.
This first effort was followed up from time tp
time, and especially at periods when the disaffec-
tion to the Government here was mosi, extensive
and violent, as during the embargo restrictive
measures and the war of 1812. These measures
the people were told, and calculations made to
prove the statement, were carried through and
sustained by a representation in Congress based
on the slave population. These unworthy efforts
to infuse into the minds of the people prejudices
against the South, were not confined to the com-
plaint on account of slave representation, but in
many instances extended to the institutions in the
slave States, and the condition of the (tlave popu.-
lation. The first essays to which I have alluded
declared that the slaves of the South were as
much the property, absolute  nd,jndefeasible,of
their masters, as ¿n Connecticut ,«atU*. were, of
their owners. They were declared.to be.tbe caWle
•of the South, ¡and it was said they iweve (treated
no better than brutes. This scheme of sustaining
party domination, by «ectional prejudice, was
persevered in for a series of years, and until De-
cember, 1814, when it was finally abandoned and
received its quietus by what has be#* called by a
distinguished gentleman now in the other end ef
thisCapitol, a  ' catastrophe." Among the com-
plaints published to the world by those connected
with this "catastrophe," were those of slavery
and the Federal principle of representation as
regards the slave population. 
* " A most elaborate set of papers was then published in
< the city of Hartford, in Connecticut, the joint production
' of an association of men of the first talents and influence
' in the State. They appeared in the Connecticut Courant,
