122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
But this great experiment, sustained by a pow-
erful combination of talent and immense wealth, \
and favored by strong party feelings, did not suc-
ceed. These great and persevering efforts, aided
as they were by the circumstances of the times
and deep party animosities, failed in building up
a body of public opinion at the North unfriendly,
hostile, and injurious to the interests and char-
acter of the southern States. The feelings and
prejudices which were engendered were evanes-
cent, and passed away with the exciting causes
which produced them. The good sense and
honest purposes of the people defeated this polit-
ical scheme, and proved the safeguard of the
Union, as they will at the present time.
Sir, if the Democracy and the people of the
North have been found capable of withstanding
such combined efforts as these, is it to be sup-
posed that they will be seduced from their fidelity
to the Union, and the duty which they owe to
their fellow-citizens in other States, by the vision-
ary and reckless schemes of modern Abolitionists?
No, sir! public opinion among the great body of
the inhabitants at the North is sound; it was
never sounder. I think I may say that those I
in part represent are an intelligent people, and
sure I am that they are a calculating and prac-
tical people, who will engage in no scheme or
measure, however plausible or correct in theory,
without looking to its consequences and practical
results. They know their rights, springing from
their Federal relations, and are not less sensible
of their duties both to the Union and the people
of the other States.
But it seems to be thought by some that the
slave States ought to have some better safeguard
against the designs and schemes of the Abolition-
ists than public opinion. What better can they
have, so far as respects the non-slaveholding
States? Is it supposed that laws would be more
efficacious? Sir, public opinion is the element of
Ml power in this country: it is stronger than all
laws; and without which, laws are as the spider's
■web. Sir, I assert a principle, which is confirmed
by the history of the world. It is this: that evils
i.xisting in popular opinion, can only be corrected
ly popular opinion. This is the rightful and
proper remedy. This noble sentiment was beau-
lifully expressed by Mr. Jefferson, when he said,
• published by Hudson and Goodwin, two eminent printers
' of", I believe, conMderable revolutionary standing.
'■ These essays, under the signature of Pelliam, were
' republished in Philadelphia, in a paper called the New
' World, edited by Mr. S. II. Smith. For eighteen years,
'■ the most unceasing endeavors have been used to poison
1 the minds of the people of the eastern States towards, and
1 to nlienate them from, their fellow-citizens of the south-
' ern. The people of the latter have been portrayed as
1 demons incarnate, and destitute of all the good qualities
• which dignify or adorn human nature. Nothing can cx-
' ceed the violence of these caricatures, some of which
' would have suited the ferocious inhabitants of New Zea-
• land rather than a civilized or polished nation."—Olive
Brand, 1815.
Extract from Pelham's Esscnjs.
"Negroes are, in all respects, except in regard to life and
' death, the cattle of the citizens of the southern States. If
' they were good for food, the probability is that even the
« power of destroying their lives would be enjoyed by their
'owners as fully as it is over the lires of their cattle. It can-
' not be that their laws prohibit the owners from killing
' their slaves because those slaves are human beings, or be-
' cause it is a moral evil to destroy them. If that were the
'' ease, how can they justify their being treated in all other
' respects luce brutes, for it is in this point of view alone
' that negroes in the southern States are considered in fact
' at different from cattle. Tbey are bought and sold—they
.< are fed or kept hungry—they are clothed or reduced to
' nakedness — they are beaten, turned out to the fury of
' the elements, and tora from their dearest connections,
' with as little remorse as if they were beast of the
'field."
" The northern States can subsist as a nation, a Republic,
' without any connection with the southern. It cannot be
' contested, that if the southern States were possessed of the
' same political ideas, a union would still be more desirable
' than a separation. But when it becomes a serious ques-
' tion, whether we shall give up our Government or part
' with the States south of the Potomac, no man north of that
' river, whose heart is not thoroughly Democratic, can hesi-
'* tate what decision to make."
" that error of opinion can never be dangerous,
as long as reason is left free to combat it.
All attempts to correct errors, on the subject
of abolitionism by legislation, would be like the
attempts of a former age to put down heresy by
penal laws. I do not speak of acts, but of opin-
ions. The right of discussion, or the entire free-
dom of the press and of speech, as applicable to
the subject of slavery, as it exists in this country,
must not be invaded or curtailed, to obviate any
temporary evil, or to meet any particular emer-
gency. This, sir, the people I in part represent
will never submit to. Vigilant and jealous of
their rights, they hold these privileges as too
sacred, to suffer them to be impaired in the slight-
est degree, as a means of correcting any tempo-
rary disorder. The entire freedom of discussion
on this subject, is, I verily believe, the only
effectual means by which abolitionism can be
checked and put down. Sir, truth and reason
are the natural antagonists of error and delusion.
If there are periods of excitement when their effi-
cacy is impaired, they must be short, and the
time soon comes when the voice of reason and
the force of truth will sink deep into the heart of
man.
Sir, I will make one more observation. The
organization of a geographical party in any sec-
tion of the Confederacy, based on the supposed
peculiarity of local rights and interests, or on
sectional prejudices and animosities against the
people of another section of the Union, must ever
be regarded as an evil of the most alarming char-
acter. The sagacious mind of that great and
good man who, whether in thefield or in council,
was first among Americans, foresaw this danger,
and in his last solemn testament warned his coun-
trymen against'it. He told us that artful and
designing men would attempt to organize local
parties, and acquire popularity and power by
misrepresenting the feelings and sentiments of
the people of one section of the Union towards
those of another. This is the true secret of all
such operations, and of the success, be it much
or little, which attends them.
Sir, if there are at this time, either at the North
or theSouth, any factious and restive spirits, men
who are not above that last infirmity of noble
minds, ambition, who have been disappointed in
their attempts at acquiring power in the Union,
or who are not satisfied with their prospects—if
there are any such who are now seeking to organ-
ize a sectional party by agitating the question of
Abolitionism, let me conjure them, as they value
their own reputations, as they regard the sacred
union of these States, as they cherish the peace
and happiness of their fellow-citizens, to pause
before they proceed in a career which, if it fail,
will cover them with disgrace; if it succeed, will
I will briefly state my objections to the motion.
I am opposed to it for two reasons: the first is,
that I consider it wrong in principle, and a viola-
tion of the spirit of the Constitution; the second
is, I believe it inexpedient, and calculated to aid
the cause of Abolitionism. Sir, I have hoard
with surprise the very low estimate which some
gentlemen seem disposed to put on the constitu-
tional right of the people to petition Congress for
the redress of grievances. Some Senators appear
to limit and contract this privilege to the smallest
possible point; to regard it as nothing more than
a private right, or the privilege secured to indi-
viduals of applying to Congress for the redress
of some private injury, as the payment of a just
debt, or the obtaining compensation for private
property, taken or1 destroyed under the authority
of the Government of the United States. As a
nation cannot be sued, the right of petitioning in
this limited sense must exist in all countries,
whatever may be the form of government, and
however despotic. I have a very different view
of this question, and regard the right of petition-
ing as an important political right, and one which
should be held sacred. This, like many other of
our political principles, was derived from that
country from whence our ancestors came; it is
an English principle, and has been ingrafted into
our institutions, as have many other principles
of liberty which owe their origin to that country.
The right of petitioning was at an early period
asserted by the people of England, and at different
epochs has been recognized and established as a
fundamental principle of liberty; and the ideas of
our ancestors in regard to it were derived from
this source.
I do not consider the right of petitioning as de-
pending entirely on the first article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution. I believe it exists
independent of that article, and is incorporated
into the texture of the Government. It springs
from the form and principles of our institutions.
Sir, this is a popular Government; the sovereign
power resides in the people; and the depositories
of it were established by them, and rest on no
other foundation than their will. Public func-
tionaries of every description are the agents of
the people, authorized to perform certain duties
for their benefit. Does it not result from the very
nature of a Government so entirely popular aa
this, that the people have a right to present their
complaints or desires to Congress in relation to
every subject?
Within some years past, as well as at former
periods, we have heard much concerning the
doctrine of instruction; and if that principle is a
sound one, and can be sustained ad incidental to
our popular institutions, surely the right of peti-
tioning cannot be questioned.    The people, who
overwhelm  their country with  calamities, and   I appoint public agents, must possess the right to
confer on them the unenviable reputation of being
the authors of thtm !
I have done, sir, with this branch of the sub-
ject. I have candidly, impartially,and fearlessly
declared what I believe to be the prevailing senti-
ments of the great body of the people, of all par-
ties, in at least one of the States of this Union.
If what I have said shall have any effect, how-
ever small, to quiet the excitement, to allay un-
founded alarms, or to inspire confidence in that
quarter where danger is most apprehended, I shall
be amply compensated for my labor.
I have not stated, nor given, any opinion as to
the number of Abolitionists there may be in Con-
necticut, nor will I say whether I think there is
one person in ten, twenty, or one in a hundred,
or one in a thousand of the population. I can,
however, say, sir, that I do not know of a single
individual who avows himself an Abolitionist of |
the new school,and approves of the violentmeas-
ures of the active agents of that cause. There
may, however, be more than I suppose, but I am
confident their number must be small.
I Sir, it now only remains for me to submit a
j few remarks on the particular question before the
Senate; and as I have been anticipated on this
point in some measure by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Tallmadge,] whose observa-
tions have been so full and satisfactory, I shall
say less on this question than I might otherwise
have done.                                                                    1
lay their complaints and wishes before them. I
think, however, this great privilege is sufficiently
secured by the first article of the amendments of
the Constitution. This guaranties the right of
the people to assemble and petition Congress for
redress of grievances.
It has been contended that this provision goes
no further than to secure the privilege of petition-
ing for redress of personal grievances; and when
it does not appear that petitioners complain of
grievances to themselves, they have no right to
come before Congress. This would be a very
illiberal and unreasonable construction of this
article in the Constitution. It would be limiting
it to cases of private redress only. It ought to
receive a liberal and reasonable construction,
favorable to liberty and the rights of the people.
The intention, no doubt, was to secure an im-
portant political right: it is embraced in the same
article which guaranties the liberty of speech and
the press, and the free exercise of religion. It is
also said that this amendment only provides that
Congress shall make no law prohibiting the right
of the people to assemble and petition; and that
it does not prevent either House from refusing
to receive a petition. This is a technical con-
struction. The true import of the language is,
that Congress shall do no act to take away or
limit the right of petitioning. Whether Congress
obstruct this right, by law or in any other way,
the consequence is the same.    It was remarked
