1938.1
Aí*fl&í0ní -w *rm mmimgmtt as, gi^ssa
123
24th Conc....1st Sess.
Abolition Fetiticms-^Mr. Vtntderpoel?
Ho. w1 Rs s.
by the gentleman from Louisiana that the people
had a right to petition, and we had a right to
refuse to receive their petitions. This is setting
one right in opposition to another. If 1 held that
Senator's note for one thousand dollars, this
would give me the right to demand of him that
sum of money; but if he possessed the right to
refuse to pay it, my right would be of very little
value.
Rights and duties are reciprocal; if the people
have a right to petition Congress, it is our duty to
receive them. I cannot consent to limit or re-
strain this right in any degree whatever: I would
receive a petition, let the subject or prayer of it
be what it might, even if it was to abolish this
Government. The people have a right to present
their wishes here, and I would receive them, let
them be ever so extravagant or absurd. Are any
evils to be apprehended from this ? If the object
of a petition is unconstitutional or absurd, wé
need not be afraid of it; and can dispose of such
a petition with very little trouble. 1 cannot voté
against receiving a petition for any other reason
than its containing language insulting towards the
Senate, or some member of it; and such a petition
I would refuse to receive solely on the ground
that I should not regard it as bona fide a petition.
I should consider the petitioners as having made
use of the forms of petitioning Congress, when
their real purpose was to offer an insult to the
Senate, or some member of it  Like other bodies,
we must protect ourselves from contempt or in-
solence.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Swift] seems
to consider that there is no difference between a
motion that a petition be not-received and a mo-
tion to reject the prayer of it. 1 think the differ-
ence is very great and material. The resolt, it
is true, is the same in the latter as in the former
case. The object of the petitioners, ia coming
here, is not attained; neither is it, if the petition
is referred to a committee, or disposed of in any
other way, unless Congress should come to a
conclusion favorable to the views and wishes of
the petitioners. In ordinary cases, it is- true, it
is usual and proper that there should be an in-
quiry, in some form, into the truth and merits of
a petition; but when, from the face of the peti-
tion, it is manifest that the prayer cannot' be
granted, there is no occasion for an investigation,
and no sort of impropriety in a motion to reject
the prayer of the petition. It was, I presume, on
this view of ttte matter, that the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] made
the motion to reject the prayer of the petition
sow before the Senate. He regarded it as one
of those cases which did not require an examina-
tion into the merits of the petition,-and therefore
moved that the prayer be rejected. This motion
is very different from that under consideration—
to refuse to receive the petition. In point of prin-
ciple the distinction is important; and we should
be careful not to weaken or undermine any of
the essential principles of liberty—of which the
right of petitioning is one, and associated with
those great political rights—the freedom of speech
and the press, and the free exereise of religion.
But did not this motion involve any sacrifice of
principle, did it not conflict either with the letter
or spirit of the Constitution, I could not vote for
it. It is inexpedient, and calculated to keepalive
rather than to repress the spirit of Abolitionism.
To refuse to receive their petitions, is probably
the very course the Abolitionists would wish
Congress to pursue. This would, at least, have
the appearance of injustice, if not of persecution.
Will you shut your doors in the face of American
citizens who wish to present any subject, no
matter what, before Congress ? This will be fur-
nishing them with a ground of complaint; it will
excite sympathy, and tend to form a collateral
issue, intimately connected with Abolitionism; it
would be putting a weapon into their hands which
they can use to advantage. I would notgive this
class of persons any advantages by treating them
unjustly, or denying to them any rights to which
they are entitled in common with any American
citizen.
They are now in the wrong; public opinion is
against them, and I would be careful to give them
no advantages—to do no act calculated to check
the strong current which is setting against their
proceedings. I should be sorry to see, either here
or elsewhere, any course pursued towards these
misguided and mistaken men calculated to keep
up an excitement which the peace and best inter-
ests of the country require should be allayed.
Nothing but injustice or injudicious measures in
opposition to their proceedings, can prevent a
speedy extinction o* the spirit of abolitionism
among an intelligent people, who, jealous of their
own rights, will be careful not to invade the rights
of othera—a people with whom truth and reason
bearacoritrollingsway; and public opinion is the
supreme law, from which there is no appeal. Sir,
I have done; my principal object was to state
freely and fully what I believed to be public sen-
timent on this subject, In its various aspects and
bearings, in at least one of the northern States,
where early and persevering efforts have been
made to introduce the principles and spirit of
modern Abolitionism, but I am happy to say with
very little success.
ABOLITION PETITIONS.
REMARKS Of HON. A. VANDERPOEL,
OF NEW  YORK,
Ik thb House o  Representatives,
February 24,1836,
On an Appeal from the Decision of the Speaker in relation
to Abolition Petitiops.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said that his mind had
not at first been altogether free from doubt or dif-
ficulty on this question; but his reflections had
brought him to the conclusion that the Speaker
was wrong; and he would now briefly submit the
reasons that had brought him to such result.
On the 8th of February last, an honorable gen-
tleman from South Carolina, {Mr. Pincknet,]
for the very desirable and laudable purpose of
establishing some mode by which these agitating
abolition petitions could be disposed of, without
a most useless—nay, a most exciting and mis-
chievous debate, introduced a series of resolu-
tions, which, after some debate, were adopted by
a m6st overwhelming Majority of this House-;
the first of which is the only one Which is mate-
rial to the consideration of the question now un-
der discussion, and is in the words following:
- "Resolved, That all the memorials which have
' been offered, or may hereafter be presented to
' this House, praying for the abolition of Slavery
' i  the District of Columbia, and also the reso-
' lotions offered' by an honorable member from
"* Maine, [Mr. Jauvis,] with the amendment there-
' to, proposed by- an honorable member from Vir-
-•ginia, [Mr. wi e,] together with every other
' paper or proposition that may be submitted in
' relation to this subject, be referred to e. «elect
' committee, with instructions to report ad verseiy
• to the prayer of the petitioner, and according
' to certain requisitions contained in the resolu-
-1 tions."          . i, i     • • •■ •               .■.,.'
Subsequently to the adoption of these resolu-
tions, an honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Biggs] presented a petition for'the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
'The question which had so ofMtl -beer agitated
was again made by an honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr.WisE,] Whether t&fs petition shduld
be received, and was about t&' be discussed at
length, when it was urged "by an honorable gori-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vistont] that -the' ques-
tion of reception could not how be contested dr
debated, because the House, by the adoption of
the resolutions of the gentleman From Sooth-Car-
olina, had established a general uniform rate ás
to the manner in which these petitions should be
disposed of. The Speaker decided that the queá-
tion of reception was tftill open to objeetion and
debate, and from that decision an appeal has been
taken, which is now the Subject under donsider-
ation.                                 -•        - •
Mr. V. said that in order to determine the
Import, scope, and effect ofttre resolutions intro-
duced by the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina, it was pertinent to inquire what object,
what purpose induced the presentation of those
resolutions, and what circumstances attended
their introduction into and passage through this
House? It was well to inquire what was the old
rule—what was the mischief; and then we could
determine what sort of remedy was intended to
be provided. Need he ask any gentleman what
was the avowed object of the honorable mover
of the resolutions in bringing them to our con-
sideration ? It was, as alt would readily answer,
to avoid those interminable, unprofitable, and
most " incendiary" debates which had previously
attended the introduction of every one of these
petitions. The public mind at the South Was
said to be in a high state of agitation; it was
highly important that it should be quieted, and
all reflecting men could not but perceive that the
constant and excited discussions here, on the
introduction of these petitions, were calculated
to accomplish anything but to quiet the troubled
waters. They could only serve to impress the
Abolitionists of the North with the idea that they
had become, or «ere becoming, wonderfully formi-
dable, and increase the apprehensions which the
slaveholders of the South so naturally cherished.
The animated and ofttime.  bitter discussions,
provoked so constantly here by the offer of these
petitions, could only serve them to do mischief at
both ends, to stimulate the Abolitionist to greater
exertions, and increase the alarm of those upon
Whom their mischievous doings were designed so
prejudicially and disastrously to operate. It was
highly important, then, that some movement
should here be made, that some plan should here
be adopted by which the mischievous conse-
quences of constant discussion and agitation here
might be avoided; and that very large and decided
majority which voted for the resolutions of the
gentleman from South Carolina hailed Wj propo-
sition as the sure, the acceptable means by which
the evils which we had so long encountered might
be thereafter avoided. The source, too, from
which they emanated (a gentleman from a slave-
holding State) was well calculated to make the
remedy which he intended to work more com-
plete.
It is not assuming too much, sir, to suppose
and affirm that all who voted for his resolutions
did so under a conviction that this whole subject
had received its quietus, at least, till after the re-
port of this instructed committee should come in;
but now, sir, if we sustain the decision of the
Chair, and adopt the course contended for by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] then we
will, indeed, have labored in vain to dispose, even
for a season, of this troublesome subject. All the
fond hopes of those who supported the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from South Carolina will
be blasted, and a conflict, unprofitable as it is
mischievous and painful, will again be commenced
on this floor. He begged gentlemen to look to
consequences before they voted upon this ques-
tion.      ,r            '   '  :
Mr. Vi contended that' the resolutions of the
-honorable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
PivcKNET,] now that they were adopted, had all
the'force and efficacy of a standing rule of this
House; and when We recurred to the manner in
which they we  introduced here, we would be
more ready to admit thai they had all the essen-
tial characteristic , and should, therefore, have
all the force of,,a, standing rule. Were they in-
troduced in reference to, or provoked by, any
particular petition ? |fo. The honorable gentle-
man from South Corolirk fcad -offered 'then* as
independent propositions, not applying to any par-
ticular isolated petition or document, but as gen-
eral rates to dispose riot only of the Abolition
petitions that had been presented, but to direct
the disposition'of those which might afterwards
be presented. It was Competent for a majority
of this House to establish a general rule, and then
it could be rescinded, in reference to a particular
case, only by a vote of two thirds of the House.
If it was competent for the House to establish
standing rules in relation to any subject of great
interest to the nation, (which no gentleman would
deny,) then this was, to all intents and purposes,
one of the standing rules of the House, which di-
rected that "all petitions which might thereafter
' be presented, should be referred to a select com-
* mittee, with instructions to make such a report
