tmrnj
A?#8Nünt m vm mmm,m>mummE.
123
8*rti Cew<S...,.lsT Sess.
Heirt éfJamrLüthain^-Mr. ñepidlds', ¿fÜUnois.
Ho. ót Rufa
to a lawsuit and recover their rights. This
remedy to recover the rights of the heirs is slow
and expensive.    It is attended with difficulty to
£rosecute the claim through the various courts
sfore a final hearing and decision could be had1.
And,in the mean time, the town, which is rtowm
such flourishing condition, would wither and die.
It need not be named to this House that a town
in dispnte will not improve and prosper. This
consideration #iil weigh powerfully with this
honorable body in the decision of this case. The
Congress of the United1 Slate* have the power
of doing justice to these heirs, and at the sanio
time continuing the flourishing prosperity Of one
of the most promising towns in the State of- Illi-
nois.
This ease doe* not «resent araéw and dangerous
principle in the policy of Mr tend system, ft
rati* within Hie principle* «nd policy which hate
been adoptad and acted on from the commence-
roentofehe present system.                        ■   >
In the year 1808, the first right of preemption-
which he discovered fli the law books was given
in the country where the gentleman from Ohio
[SFr. VntTOV) reside , to persons who had erected
mitts, orwfeo had commenced Inert. This polity
has sever been abandoned from that time to the
Eresent; and Mr. R. hoped m God it never would
e while the Government owned one aere of land
in the United States.
From the year 1800, down to the present time)
there have beet  passed thirty or forty, or perhaps
more i acta of Congress-allowing the right of pre-
emption. It is the setded arid acknowledged pol-
icy Of the Government. There is, át the present
time, a preemption lavrih existence* which will
not expire until next June. This has been the
course parsnediby the tSovferSaient for almost
forty years'. Thiapolicy ¡sfdunded on equitable
and just principles, which constitute* a part and
parcel of Wr head system. 'He IMpdfl it  pro-
priety and justice would not new be either que**
tinned or disturbed in thieor any. Other came, i A
single moment's reflection will rivet It strongly ra
the breast of every patriot and friend to justice
and humanity. The preemption system comports
with the views of those individuals who think
the poMie snide «tight aloné and singly to be
considered and used for the benefit of the Treas-
ury oflhe United States. And it is abd strongly
and warmly recognized by those persons who
think the primary object of the public lands is
to have on them actual and W*+fitU Settlers and
fanner*.
If we desk*  the accumulation of mosey in the
Treasury, to grant the right of preemption to
farmers will accomplish this object. > The lands
adjacent to these preeniptioaers will sell higher
and more rapidly* and be enhanced m «alus by
being in the vicinity of improved lands. This
will be recognized by all who hams witnessed the
operation of the preemption sysntn.. In this vie*
of the case the Government is greedy benefited
in the Treasury by the policy.
The other class of people is pleased with the
preemption system beemwe the eooetry i  settled
and improved. The lands are in the hands of the
eitkemrrand dm States iri which the public do-
main is «lasted cao excretse eomptett and eov-
ereigar jurisdiction over the lands try taxing them 
and performing other acts of sovereignty, which
they now/¡Hitar to do. And what is «toll more,
and better, it secures to the actual Settler a> horn*
and fireside of his own. He is then, what every
fanner should be, the Mtd of hie own soil. It
inspires him with eonfidetoce in his Government,
and demonstrates to htm, what is the proudest
nppelküon on earth, that be is a " free and in 
dependent American citizen."
Another great consideration is to the farmer,
that lie is secured'i* tea possessions frtna the de-
"vouriBgrap«Uy of ■speculator . His-little farm
and possession* for which ha has toiled and
laborad to make, «rill bo •***• from! the grasp
of the cold and hearties* Miser. The poervbfH
honest mad, may here «peart*U hid mean*  «nd
tench of his time and labor, to improve a tract
of the public lands; then to lose-it is taomnoht©
bear. The preemption system will preserve it,
and the Government Art be injured in «oy rawjner
vkmv.
The-case of the heirs of Latham is founded fin
these principles, which have been so long reco -'
rtiied by the aets of the Government and the
people that they are as immutable almost a  the
Constitution of the country.
Mr. R< said he desired no more nor les  than'
these principles and policy be applied to the case
now before the House. Although it is an isolated
case, yet if it ddes not fall within the general prin-
ciple which is recognised by the laws of Cort-
gress, he did not expect or wish it to pass.
The gentleman from Ohio suggests the eoiwW-
eration that there may be fraud in this matter.
In relation to this charge, Mr. R. «nit my would
vouch for the character of the claimants—that
they sustained the reputation of honest and cor-
rect men; so' was their father. Fraud is a kind*
of charge that may be made, with some plau*i-<
bilky, against any transaction whatever. The)
Scrip ture* themselves have not been entirely clear
of the charge, yet the great mats of mankind give
the allegation no credence whatever.
It  fact, there' can be rio fraud gathered from
the transaction; and we cannot presume fraud
when there is 'no foundation for it.
It appears, from the report of the oottimiReey
(hat the assignment or transfer of the preemption
right to Latham was acknowledged by the pub->
He officers at the land riffle* in Springfield; and
the preemption located. Latham, being the as-
signee, ilo doubt, (bra valuable consideration, has
the same right as- the original presmptioner had,'
under the laws of Congress; and so the register
at Springfield has decided  by permitting htm to
locate it on the lands of the United States.       -   >
It appears that the heirs of Latham, having
legaHy located the preemption, had a good right
to tbref premises, except by the act Of Congress
of the* last sessions and as tiro act of Congress
deprived them of their right, and* heft them onty
(ftfe pri vifegeahd lead blessing- of a law ««it, it is
jttst -and proper that Congress ¿houNd- relieve
them, and blase tfienr, as near as practicable, irt
the situation they found them.               i    i
In ariswerto the gentleman fromrOhio,lMr. Ri
said he would present the-news of the great and
talented statesman, Alexander Hanrilton, to1 rcpei
the nrgameat that the accumulation of money in
the Treasury ought to be the sole object of Gov- 
erntnent in the disposition of the public lands;
This great and wise man, on the 90th of July*
1790, while in the office of the Secretary Of the
Treasury, reported, " in obedience toan order of
the House of Representatives," that there ap-
peared " two loading objects" of consideration;
one to nose money, and the other do settle and
improve the coontry, in the disposition of the
public lands.                    >
The first *' leading object," which was to raise
a revermei' has been fully accoanpksheé. The
only misfortvnerand trouble with the Government
now is to knew what todo with the sal-pins' rev-
enue in the Treasury. The tariff laws, which
established what is sometime  called «  this com+
promise systettíy" will provide for mbreTerebUBi
witbont'tbe incoase an the public lands:, than wHI
be necessary for" the ordinary operations of the
Government.
This being die casé/ there is how remaining in
{he Secretary's report but." one leading object,"
and that is to settle and improve the country, in
which he hoped the gentleman from.'Qhio would
aid and assist.                        !
If it be necessary, (Mr. R. said,) he might
preseat to this House the repeated and nrgeht
recommendations of the Executive of the United
States, "that the public latrrd  shell ee«se> a* set*
< as practicable; to "be a source of revenue, except
* for thepayntónt of those general «bargee Whinh
•growout «f the aeqoiárien of the lands,'their
«survey, and sale." These continued reoom-
mertdatioho, coming' from the Executive- *f a
great nation, and fiOm a President than; whom
no President in the Govern mint «v*t stood higher 
ormorefsteeased by the people, most here weight
on (¿As sdejeot wilé all classes of mankind, and
•vr  with the gentleman from Ohio himself.
Tne Presidetit has, in nil' his messages  taken
high and elevated view* of policy ttaovghettt the
.whole Union. Ho ha  recommended strongly
«Mb «teuwfci *> bé/#ffe«t d Ofttfae ttftrbeaxd, M
will be greAtly'benéfícial to the Atlantic States:
so has he, in various messages, for many years,
urged -to -Congress the propriety to reduee and
graduate the price of the public lands. These
measures will be alike,Má Mr. R. hoped together,
considered byCongress. Let the western farmers
have the public lands at reduced prices, while the
citizensof the Atlantic States receive all the public
money for fortifications, light-houses, and other
improvements.
The gentleman from Ohio tias dragged before
the House an isolated case from Chicago, in the
State of Illinois, to show that Mr. Baubien had
acquired agreat fortune by his preemption right,
and that the heirs of Latham aught do the same.
He said the rjreémptioner, Mr. Baubien,.wa« " a
sutler" *e. Mr. R. Said he was at Chicago h
few days- after the «alo was made to Mr, Bafibam
by virtae at Ms preemption fight, and thereby
became ^acquainted with the transaction.) Ha
Had, since his arrival httt, received documentary
«videwce ow the subject, and presumed be could
speak knowingly as to the total* transMctioa.
Mr^Batibien was not a sutler; nor.abld whisky.
If he did, in our State there is no law or public
opinion established'to*exclude sutlero and sellers
Of liquftr  from the privrlpge of the preemption
laws. With us, we act on the principle of equal*
rty; we know no orders of-nobility. Sailers
and liquor sellers are, like Other citizens, per-
mitted to 'coma into the pale of our political
ehanzh.
Mr. Baubien was once, but hot at the time he
made* the purchase, the derk< or agent Of the
" Fur Company,''  called iooureotuitry. Mi.
Ri said he was informed thatMr. Bauble  was
in the possession of the premises he purchased
by virtue of hisfpreémptSón right, for many years
before the sale. He had long before the sale part
fchaeed the houses and improvements on the land
in qneetiént aad hod made: other and further iim
proveniente on the land tea considerable Amount
of money.   ->   •                  ' ,
Uhder the i provisión  of thei preemption laws
He presented himself before the proper officer*}
the agents of the Government, in the land office
at Chicago, with satisfactory! and Conclusive evi-
dence to entitle, kiat, like dthei" préütnp'tieOtrsv ft
the privileges of die, pseemnlia& law*, ai)d de-
manded his «ight. The Officer -of the Onceen 
tnent had nd chdioe left them.' The-land wasoot
marked on the plat^ f« reserved from sale;" and
they had rto'official evidencey verbal •*document-
ary, to prevent Baubien from becoming the puf*
chaser^ by vi rtue of hi  preómptiorf. The officers
had no autbonty to pre vent, die said.
Since Mr. Ri came to this «iüy, he has received
copies of official letters, establishing the fact that
the land purchased by Mr. Baubien was not re-
served from sale, to the knowledge of th  register
or #tc«ifei!a* Chicago.) "' > -           >     mi.
It is trtM^ten the gontlemorrfrom Ohio says^tke
lami pei«lia edi b  Mr. Baubien we  eery vrrfn 
able. But (MM ft. said> there are many More
fortune* in Illinois for enterprising «ad tainted
individuals. The gentleman from Ohio einneifv
if he has not ft rortuee already««mnmake one ia
Illinois! and sb-oanany other peseo* of enterprise
and temperate habite. Makaag-fortunes in our
State is the order of teje day; and if Mr. Bembica
has been fortunate, lwwdrtd  land hundred* «sere
have breri.efld will be ¡«aeeUt ftwtaaai* in tfae
Starts efUÚboia, , < >i "t^i •• if' ; • „ •
s Mm. ft, hoi d n*  fpmame ease *Hr. Bao*
bien would ttotdeftat the: afcirsef Latham m their
rights. H*we Mpre|KM a«amend*>etittothi8
-biH at the «ropef titue. wsnoh-wonkl go to pro-
(rent the daimant  fro*  -entering with their pw--
«eptjon right any miii i*l Is**, o  tne  p  **-
ment of «ny aetwal-eettler.i           '   •      • '
This la^preeisio  is alrt«Htt*twee 11ae oe«e
dsret teeateetheíelprotetmertefateboaog^netis
eJtficntgh 14 may be*H the public l*aa* Tftere
wettkl be íaiíftd the il*m« s*d lewwdw* t* • 
iesuUed people that wenld-dflrtroy. the iwoepeets
of gain which might, 1  attempted to he acquired
Mr, R. remarked, in fionclnaiea, that all he
Wished wa  to place the heirref Latham   the
same situation as the aetl of Congress Df the last
eessioD found th«tt-
