120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. Hunt.
Ho. of Reps.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
REMARKS OF HON. W. HUNT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1836,
Upon the bill for the relief of the PufTertrs by the great
Fire in the city of New York.
Mr. HUNT said: Mr. Chairman, I am fully
aware that favors may be delayed until all grace
in conferring them must be lost; and I am equally j
aware that even a simple act of justice may come
too late to effect its object. I am admonished of
the truth of this sentiment by a letter now before
me, from the city of New York, under date of
the 15th instant—a letter from a source entitled
to all credence, and not written with any view to
this debate. In that letter, action, prompt and
speedy action is called for; and I am told that, in
case we do nothing, distress beyond description
must be felt, and many failures iiuvilabhj take
place.                                                                     '
Thus admonished, sir, and feeling, as I do, a
deep solicitude in the speedy passage of the bill
now before the committee, I shall not delay ac-
tion by protracting the discussipn beyond a few
brief moments. Discussion on the part of the
friends of this bill may well be spared, after the
lucid, eloquent, and able appeals made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Phillips,]
and the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Stoker.]
The argument I could not strengthen, and most
assuredly I should regret by any attempt of mine
to weaken it.
Jtiy task is a very humble one. It is, in the first
place, on behalf of my native State, to render my
sincere thanks to those gentlemen for the spirit
and manner in which they have rescued this bill
from the reproach sought to be cast upon it; and,
in the second place, to endeavor to obviate some
oftheobjections(notparticularlynotieed by those
gentlemen) urged by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] and the gentleman
from Rhode Island,[Mr. Pearce.]
Sir, it has afforded me unfeigned pleasure to
listen to the manly defense here submitted of the
characters of those more immediately interested
in the provisions of this bill—the characters of
your merchants—«oming, as that defense has,
from those connected with New York only by
that silver cord of a common nature which in the
social state binds man to his fellow, but which
cannot be loosed without breaking the golden
bowl, the pitcher at the fountain, the wheel at the
cistern,and resolving society back into its original
elements.
Sir, to the character of the merchant I wish to
add but one further witness—a witness ranking
amongst the greatest men of this or any other age;
and I adopt the testimony of Dr. Chalmers, given
in immediate reference to the English merchant,
as applicable in all its freshness, force, and truth,
to my own countrymen.   He says:
" It might tempt one to be proud of his species
« when he looks at the faith that is put in him by
* a distant correspondent, who, without one other
* hold of him than hi  hanor, consigns to him the
* wealth of a whole flotilla, and sleeps in the con-
* fidence that it is sale. It is, indeed, an anima-
' ting thought, amid the gloom of this world's
* depravity, when we behold the credit which one
* man puts in another, though separated by oceans
* and by continents; when he fixes the anchor of
* a sure and steady dependence on the reported
-• honesty of one whom tie «ever saw; when, with
' all his fears for the treachery of the varied ele-
' mewts through which his property has to pass,
« he knows that, should it only arrive at the doo*
* of its destined agent, all his fears and all hi*
* suspicions may be at an end.   We know noth-
* ing -finer than such an act of homage from one
* human beirig to another, when perhaps the
' diameter of the globe is between them J nor d>o
we think that either the renown of her victories,
' or the wisdom of her councils, so signalizes the
«country in which we live, as does the honor-
* able dealing of her merchants; that all the glo 
' ries of British policy and British valor are far
' eclipsed by the moral splendor which British
' faith has thrown over the name and the character
' of our nation; nor has she gathered so proud a
' distinction from all the tributaries of her power
' as she has done from the awarded confidence of
' those men, of all tribes, and colors, and lan-
' guages, who look to our agency for the most
' faithful of all management, and to our keeping
' for the most inviolable of all custody."
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the character of the
class of men who are now asking you for legisla-
tion.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pick-
ens] supposes there are constitutional objections
to this bill, arising under those tsections of the
Constitution which provide that " all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout
the United States;" and again, that " no prefer-
ence shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or revenue to the ports of one State over
those of another."
The answer to this objection has, in my appre-
hension, been abundantly furnished by the gen-
tlemen who have preceded me. If the objection
be well taken, every fortification and every light-
house you have erected have been in violation of
the Constitution; and the practical construction
given your Constitution has, from the commence-
ment of your Government, been wrong. But,
sir, again, whatever may be considered as the
true construction of the sections of the Constitu-
tion above quoted, I submit that the bill under
consideration is not obnoxious to the objection
taken. The purport of its provisions is simply
to regulate the debts due the Government. And
strange indeed is the proposition denying to the
Government, as a creditor, the power beneficially
exercised (for the creditor) in dealing with the
embarrassed debtor.
The gentleman from South Carolina also stated
that the English Government had uniformly re-
fused to interfere in cases of this description;
that no relief had there been granted since the
great Are in London. Sir, it may well be that
the honorable gentleman has met with no special
act of English legislation On this subject since
the period referred to by him; but sore I am that
upon reflection he will perceive that in England,
for many years past, no particular legislation has
been needed; for since her commercial law re-
ceived its illustrations, its form, and symmetry,
from the adjudications of her Mansfield, this
subject has been amply provided for by general
acts. The systems of the two Governments are
different. The English is the warehousing sys-
tem—-ours is the System of cash duties and bonds.
Should the time ever arrive in this country when
our political rneh can turn their attention from
the evanescent paTty politics of the day to the
great and abiding interests of the nation, it will
not, I apprehend, be difficult to-satisfy them that
much may be learned.and advantageously copied
from the Encash system. As -early as the 43d
of George III. an act was passed providing that
the Government and its officers should not be
liable-to the owners of goods destroyed by ac*
cident in the warehouse, and also providing for
the remission of duties. -The provisions of that
act were somewhat extended by acts of 3d and
4th William IV. The doctrine of remission of
duties was not a new.one, introduced by the act
of George III. That doctrine was familiar to
the people) but the act had become necessary, for
the purpose 'of-settling a vexed question in the
English courts of justice — a question whether
in case of loss of goods by any accident other
than that termed the act of God, or the public
enemies, die Government or'its'officers were not
liable to the owner fo  their value, upon the legal
principles of bailment., V    '
Thus, sir, it will be seen that in England there
is ample provision for* cases like'the one before the
committee. Nay, the English:'acta cover vastly
more ground than, the bi|l before you. Tkef pro-
vide fot remission; this bill only provides tor. an
extension of^cvedit. It has been objected by the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.PfcAnce] that
the proposed bill makes the collector the judge of
the sufficiency of the sureties offered. Is this,
sir, any new provision?   Will it cloths the col-
lector with any new poictr which may be abused ?
He is now the judge in this matter. But, sir
pass this bill, and the Government will gain one
important advantage—the right to claim new and
undoubted sureties, in case the old sureties are
not satisfactory to the collector. I will not en-
large upon this argument, but will submit that, in
view of this wide-spread and desolating calamity,
affecting materially all the relations of business,
this feature of the bill is worthy of all commenda-
tion.
The honorable gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Pearce] has, also, with great industry and
ability, collected and presented to us a variety of
cases in which Congress has refused to interfere.
Many of them, sir, may have been cases of great
individual hardship. They certainly were pre-
sented by the gentleman, as were all his views
and appeals, in a manner well calculated for effect.
In reference to those cases, I will only remark,
that we know not their peculiar and attendant
circumstances, nor the reasons influencing former
Legislatures to refuse relief. But, on this subject
of precedent, permit me to add to the list of cases
presented by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Storer.] On the 14th of June, 1790, duties, were
emitted on goods of T. S. Jenkins & Co., of Hud-
son, New York, destroyed on their passage from
New York to Hudson.
August 4, 1790.—Duties were remitted on salt
of Stewart & Davidson, of Annapolis, destroyed
by flood the night after it was landed.   .
May 9, 1794.—Duties were remitted on coffee
destroyed by fire at Baltimore.
June 7,1794.—Duties were remitted bn distilled
spirits, of Rogers, of Mjddlebury, Vermont, de-
stroyed by fire.
January 15, 1798. — Similar relief granted to
West and Usey, of Charleston, South Carolina,
on sugars destroyed by fire.
March 3,1801.—Similar relief granted toHalsy
and others on teas burnt at Providence.
February 19, 1803. — Extension of one! year
granted on the bonds of those who suffered by.
fire at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
March 19, 1804. — Similar, relief granted on
bonds at Norfolk, Virginia. •
February 10, 1807.—Similar relief granted on
bonds at Portsmouth.
April 11,1820.—Extension offour yetara granted
on the bonds of those suffering by fire at Savan-
nah, and who were not insured.
May 5, 1824.^-A« extension of four years on
the bond of E. Van Syckle, of Philadelphia,
having suffered by fire, and not insured.i
This list of precedents might be almost indefi-
nitely extended. But, sir, I trust they are suf-
ficient to answer the argument of the gentleman
drawn from precedents, and will at least Drove
that, if at timei Government has refused to inter-
fere, yet at other times, and in numerous cases,
it has interfered to' afford relief. And it is merely
in this light I have cited the above cases; for, so
far as concerns my own vote, I shall never be
troubled for a precedent in a case where my con-
science, directed by my best judgment, impels
me to act.
It has been objected again that'there may be a
class of sufferers in New York equally meritorious
with those included in this bill, and who are not
provided for in it.
This objection may be true to a certain extent;
I.say may be, for as yet the objection rests mainly
Upon conjecture. But} sir, if true in its whole
extonr, does it follow that because We cannot in
this bill relieve all; tve shall relieve none f If there
be rtnot/ier class óf safferers, entitled upon' well-
known principles of legislation, to relief, I shall
most cheerfully go with the gentleman in afford-
ing that relief.              ■
- It ha* also been objected thai, by passing this
bill, ydn will' establish a precedent authorizing
Savahnahand other cities'ta claim relief; To this
Objection I would saw, that whenever Savannah,
or'arty other place,shall present á case similar in
principie to the present one, we «hall be bound to
act upon it; and I can never consent to withhold
an act of justice through fear of its pecuniprir eon-
sequences.
A further objection has been drawn from the
supposition that, at the expiration of the extended
