1836.}
APPBWDIX TO! THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEi
m
24th Cong.... 1st Ssss.
Natioául Defense—Mr. Benton*
-stomm*
credit, the bonds may not be collectable, and the
importer (who does not always give the bond) be
made liable to the Government; basing this objec-
tion upon the decision of our courts, which hold
the importer liable, even when a bond has been
given by the factor. Were this objection well
taken, I should feel the necessity of inserting in
the bill a new provision. But, sir, a moment's
consideration mast, I think, satisfy evary legal
gentleman that no provision of the kind is neces-
sary. Sir, the legal effect of this act must, beyond
all doubt, be to adopt the bondsmen as the true
and sais debtors of the Government; thus releasing
the importer from all liability.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hardin]
avows himself in favor of the provision in the
revenue laws allowing the drawback on goods
«sported. That provision he considers a legiti-
mate regnUticn of commerce - If the gentleman
will but carry out his principle, he will find him-
self constrained, I apprehend, to support the
present bill. Why, sir, is a drawback allowed ?
Simply because the goods have not gone into the
hands of the consumer for horn* consumption.
Then, in «naciste, how does this case differ?
Have these goods gone into the handS'Of the con-
sumer? Sir, this calamity presents the strange
anomaly of a Government actually profiting by an
event which haS'brought distress, if not ruin, upon
thousands. In this way, enable your merchants
to continue business,' and your present bonds
will be met, and new importations be made to
■apply the place made vacant by the Are, and
upon which new importations Government will
again receive its duties; thus receiving duties
twice upon what has entered but once into the
consumption of the country. But press the im-
mediate payment of the outstanding bonds, and
I ask the committee $o reflect, with the evidence
before gentlemen frem private «ourees, and from
the TYeasars Department, whether there be not
great danger of driving men to extremities, of
tasking them beyond their strength, and thus
producing great individual suffering as well as
national loss.
From the remarks I have made, the committee,
will have perceived that I place this bill before
them not as appealing to the cherity of the nation.
No, sir. it comes to me, and so I wish to present
it to the committee, commended by every consid-
eration which should influence a wise and provi-
dent creditor in his dealings with the suffering',
unfortunate debtor.
NATIONAL DEFENSE—FO*TIFICATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. T. H. BENTON,
or Missouri,
In the Senate, February Í3,1836.
On notion of Mr. Bottom,  chairman of the Coaaiittee
oa Military Affairs, die Senate proceeded to tbe consider-
ation of the btU making appropriation* for tbe collection of
SMtofsb, tbe parchase of sites, and the commencement of
the construction of tbe new fortifications. The bill having
beta read,
Mr. BENTON rose and commenced his speech
with saying that when the bill was reported from
the committee some weeks ago, the French ques-
tion wore a lowering aspect, and a majority of
the Senate seemed ready to vote the large appro-
priations which the crisis required. Since then,
the fear of danger from that quarter had vanished,
and he must now appeal to the enlightened fore-
cast of the Senate for the same vote which a
patriotic impulsion would then have given. I
took occasion (said Mr. B.) then to say thai my
own support of the bill, and oí the whole line of
policy which it indicated, bad no dependence
upon the French question; that I was in favor of
providing for the general defense, without regard
to extrinsic circumstances; and that, so far a  my
own course was concerned, I should go on to
clothe the country with the mantle of defense,
and to put her in a condition to meet the contin-
gency of war, although I might hold in my hand
the bond of fate for peace.
The President of the United States has sent
«* two massage* on (his subject; cms mhiU the
French question wore a threatening aspect, rec-
ommending us to provide for the public defense;
the other, since the happy termination of that
question, announcing its auspicious conclusion,
but still adhering to the recommendation in the
first one, and reinforcing his own sentiments
with the voice of Washington. This recom-
mendation, thus supported, must coincide with
the enlightened sense and patriotic feeling of the
Senate. We must alt feel the necessity of pro-
viding for the national defense now, in this most
favorable conjuncture', when the possession of
ample means and the enjoyment of full leisure
gives us full opportunity of doing so with the
greatest economy and the greatest effect. The
disappearance of danger will not affect our wise
and systematic policy. We are not an assembly
of frivolous Athenians, to inquire for the news
before we vote, and then to give our votes not
according to the exigencies of the public service,
but according to the reported state of Philip's,
health.
In taking up this bill, (continued Mr. B.,) which
proposes appropriations'for the commencement
of a large number of new works, I think it proper
in itself, and pertinent to the occasion, to make
some general exposition of the state of our forti-
fications ; to show the number of forts constructed;
the number in progress; the number proposed to
complete the whole system, with the cost of the
whole, and the number of men it will require to
garrison them in peace and in war. This expo-
sition I will endeavor to make with brevity, if
not with, perspicuity.
First, as to the number of forts. Of those fin-
ished, we have thirteen; of those under construc-
tion, fourteen; proposed in the present bill, nine-
teen; and remaining to be proposed hereafter,
sixty-one; making in the whole one hundred and
seven.     '
Next, as to the cost. For all built, or build-
ing, under the present system, we have expended
#12,379,612; for all expected to be built, leaving
out a few for which data has not yet been col-
lected to estimate the cost, and for finishing those
now under construction, the sum of §28,000,000
is estimated to be necessary; making in the whole
about forty millions of dollars. Bu.t to have a
view of the whole cost of fortifications since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution, we must
add the sum of $7,607,000 for expenditures on
this object before the end of the late war; but
which sum, for reasons hereafter to be shown,
becomes almost a dead loss, few of the forts then
built being of any service now.
Thirdly, as to the garrisons. The lowestnum-
ber of troops, in time of peace, for all the forts
now finished, ail now under construction, and all
proposed in the present bill, being forty-six in
number, is 1,820 men. The lowest number for
all the remainder, leaving out a few, the plans of
which are not yet formed, is 1,538, making a
totality of 3,358 men; but this is to be understood
óf the lowest number necessary to .keep the forts
in order. To form proper garrisons in ordinary,
as they are called, and with a view to keep up
the discipline, police, and military spirit of the
troops, the division of companies , should be
avoided, and the number of men in garrison
should be almost double the number above stated;
say seven thousand men for the one hundred and
seven forts, in war, the garrisons for the whole
number of forts would require to be about sixty*-
two thousand men, of which the main part would
consist of the volunteers and militia of the adja-
cent country.
Mr. B. presumed it might be agreeable to the
Senate to understand the distribution of all'these
forts among the- different States and Territories,
and oi the money expended, or to be expended,
upon thetn. To give them this information  he
had caused two tables to he-drawn up, which he
would read, premising that the information which
they contained was intended for the satisfaction
of the Senate, and not to influence votes, as tbe
distribution of the forts' arid the consequent ex-
penditure of money in their construction., was
governed by the wants of the country, its acces-
sible And vulnerable points, and not upon any
rule founded Upon population or territory. Mr.
B. then read two detailed table , thstotak of
which are is follows:, .r:. . : 1. io-._-'......J
States.
Maine.......................
New Hampshire.............
Massachusetts......,........
Rhode Island................
Connecticut.................
New York...................
Pennsylvania and Delaware-
Maryland....................
Virginia.....................
North Carolina..............
South Carolina....'..........
Georgia...............,.....
Louisiana...................
Alabama..............-,••,-.
Florida Territory............
No. of fort . Total coat.
7
I
16
6
5
10
4
10
3
3
9
10
1
3
12
$1,365,000
500,000
9,769.000
2,469,000
460,000
6,407,000
•1,007,136
«,008,687
3,869,025
952,869
1,424,420
1,832,367
1,756,858
1,630,000
5,014,000
• Eattmatet for Forts Mifflin and Delaware, not complete,
and not included.
t Estimate for Fort McHenry, not complete, and not in-
cluded.  ,
This table does not include fourteen smaller
forts, the cost of which is not estimated.
Mr. B. wished to repeat, and to be distinctly
understood, as exhibiting these tables for the,in-
formation and satisfaction of the Senate, not for,
the purpose of showing that more or less was
expended in one quarter than in another. It was
a subject on which equality of expenditure would
be absurd; besides, it waa a subject on which
tables could not speak explicitly; for often the
fort counted in one State, belonged just as much;
for all the purposes of protection and expenditure,
to another State in which it was not counted.
This was the case with all forts situated upon
bays or rivers which divide States; and was
strongly exemplified in Cosnecticut and New
York, in Pennsylvania and Delaware, and in
Maryland and Virginia.
After the general view of the whole number of
forts, Mr. B. presented a general view of the par-
ticular bill before tbe Senate. It was a bill to pro-
vide for the collection of materials, the purchase
of sites* and the commencement of construction
of new forts, The number proposed was nineteen,;
their ultimate cost was estimated at (5,170,448;
and tl^e amount to begin with \n the present bill
was $1,783,800. Besides these nineteen forts, the
bill proposed $660,000 for steam batteries, to he
stationed, in aid of the forts, in the different port 
and harbors of the United States. This waa the
general view of the bill. The.particular view of
it, in showing the distribution of tbe forts, their
separate ultimate .cost, and present appropriation
for each one, he would also show; and for that
purpose read the following table:
States.
No. of
forts.
Ultimate
cost.
Present ap-
prop'n.

3
1
4
1
1
2
3
1
1
1
1
«504,000
300,000
ly096,413
132,231
435,989
900,000
1,010,206
lym
300,000
100,000
77,800
$904,000
150,000
300,000
100.000
200,000
250,000
360,000
19,000
30,000
50,000
77,800
Massachusetts.....*..
Delaware and Pens to..


i                  i  i   '
,    19
«5,170,448
$1,783,800
Mr. B. «aid it might be objected by some, whose
position might not enable them to view the whole
ground, that the bill waa ODeqoaAin its operation,
and that fifteen ont ofnioetssa of the forts which
be proposed would be *•** of the Potomac
Tnw ¿«proportion might' strike tbe minds si
some persons, and therefor* he would account
fdr it at «nee; and show that it arOsev first from
the nature of the respective toastsof the northern
and southern sections of the Union. North of
tbemotith of «he Chesapeake bay, the coastjwas
indented by deep bays, and opened by th* WMfe
estuaries of large fivers. One of these bays alone,
the Chesapeake, gave a double line of coast of
a thousand miles in circuit, requiring defense.
Further north, and especially in New England,
the coast was cut in bya continued succession of
deep inlets. It was a serrated eoas^r-it waa a
saw-edged coast—in which tha incessant open-
ings presented a continual succession of accessi-
ble and vulnerable points. Not so to the south
of the Chesapeake. There the bays and mden-
<aji©*«*TO;jWM ,ith*.e|twies of tf* nfen
