1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSÍONJLL GLOBE.
129
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
■National Defense^--Mr. Benton.
&ml±n.
shown by the Federal Government, in that early
age of the Republic, to the State authorities, when
even a duty of constitutional obligation would
not be exercised within a State without first en-
deavoring to obtain the approbation of its au-
thorities, both for the thing to be done, and the
manner of doing it. He had read them also for
the purpose of showing the zeal of President
Washington in carrying into effect the act of
Congress, exemplified in the order to all the en-
gineers, " to execute their work with all possible vigor
and dkpatch." This (said Mr. B.) was in the
year 1794, when the Federal Government was
almost without revenues, when it was encum-
bered with debts of which it could with difficulty
discharge the annual interest, and when the
means of the Treasury were so low that the en-
gineers were directed to apply to the State au-
thorities for voluntary contributions to eke out
the scanty appropriations of Congress! an appeal
which was nowhere met with such generosity of
feeling as at Charleston, South Carolina, where the
contributions were characterized by the wonted
liberality of that State: eight thousand days'
work of labor; between .£700 and «f800, in money;
four thousand feet of ranging timber, given gra-
tuitously; and all the mechanical work done gratis
by the mechanics of the city.
Mr. B. would remark, in closing his brief notice
of the reports of the engineers of 1794, that they
selected, in almost every instance, when not
cramped by the smallness of appropriations, the
same points for defending the ports and harbors
which have been subsequently indicated by other
engineers, and that, at most of the harbors, they
recommended floating batteries and galleys to be
combined with the fortification defense; a species
of floating defense which the late engineers adopt
in the idea and supersede in the form by recom-
mending the adoption of the great improvement
af the age, steam power.
At the meeting of Congress in November, 1794,
President Washington caused to be communicated
to that body the steps which he had taken, and the
progress which had been made, in carrying into
effect the ad of the 20th of March preceding, with
an urgent recommendation to increase the fortifi-
sations, and make them commensurate with the
exigencies of the country. The Military Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives responded
to this appeal, and as early as the 4th day of
December ensuing made a report by Mr. Fitz-
simmons, their chairman, fully sustaining and
carrying out the President's policy. Mr. B.
would read it, and would propose it as a model
now to be followed, both for the brevity of its
style and the efficiency of its recommendations:
THE HEPORT.
" Mr. FrrzuMMOire, from the committee to whom waa
referred that part of the menage of the President which
respects the fortifying of the ports and harbor  of the United
States, made the following report:
" That by the report of the Secretary at War, it appears,
that in pursuance of the act of the last session, the lortifi-
catkra of the different port* and harbors are in considerable
forwardness, excepting only the port of Boston, and Wil-
mington, in the State of Delaware, suspended for reasons
assigned by the Secretary in his report.
" That contracts have been entered into for the ordnance
necessary, and measures taken for progressing in the forti-
fications as soon as the season will permit.
" That from the necessity of enlarging the plan of de-
fense in some instances, and the enhanced price of labor
and materials since the first estimate was made, a sum not
less than S-225,500 will be necessary to complete the plan
of defense contemplated, admitting the fortifications to be
constructed of timber and earth; and if executed with
■tone, to a much larger sam.
"The committee, taking into-view the circumstances
connected with this subject, and having received the neces-
sary information from the Secretary of War, submit the
following resolutions:
" Retained, That the necessary works for fortifying the
parts and harbors of the United States ought to be contin-
ued, and constructed of the most durable materials, so as
best to answer the purposes of defense and permanency.
" Rooked, That a sum not exceeding $50,000 (over
and above the sums already appropriated) be appropriated
for the purpose aforesaid; and that a sum not exceeding
•100,000 per annum, be provided for the service aforesaid.
" Raolred, That the President of the United States be
authorized to give preference, in point of time, to the com-
pletion of such of said fortifications as he may think ad-
visable."
Mr. B. would here drop details and economize
his remarks. He had arrived at a point at which
he would stop and take a position. It .was the
commencement of the second term of Washing-
ton's Presidency, and the successful establish-
No. 9
| ment of his great policy recommended in the
I messages of 1790,1791,1793, and 1795, for cloth-
I ing his country with the armor of defense,—for-
: tifying all her ports and harbors,—and putting
her in a condition to maintain, among nations, the
rank to which she was entitled.    This policy was
now completely established;  and the historical
view which he had attempted to sketch, no longer
encumbered with  documentary  evidences  and
minute details, would proceed with ease and ra-
pidity.  The system of fortifying thus established
under Washington's administration, went on with
an accelerated pace under that of his successor,
; the first Mr. Adams, stimulated as it was by the
impending difficulties with France.   But a frost,
a killing frost, fell upon that policy on the acces-
sion  of Mr. Jefferson. •   The  difficulties  with
France had vanished, and besides, he was not
favorable to the policy in itself; and his first mes-
' sage was sufficiently indicative of his views to
! decide the fate of the fortifications.    To do jus-
r tice to him, an extract from that message will be
read:
" The fortifications of our harbors, more or less advanced,
. present considerations of great difficulty.   While some of
them are on a scale sufficiently proportioned to the advan-
tages of their position, to the efficacy of their protection,
and the importance of the points within it, others are so
extensive, will cost so much in their erection, so much in
their maintenance, and require such a force to garrison
them, as to make it questionable what is best now to be
done.   A statement of those commenced or projected, of
the expenses already incurred, and estimates of their fu-
ture cost, as far as can be foreseen, shall be laid before
you, that you may be enabled to judge whether any altera-
tion is necessary in the laws respecting this subject."
Under this message, resumed Mr. B., the for-
tifications languished and declined. Appropria-
tions became less and less; the old works de-
cayed; garrisons were reduced, and new ones
were not begun; but difficulties with England
arose; some outrages were committed within our
waters, and the States possessing sea-port towns
began to remonstrate, and to demand defenses
for their ports and harbors. The legislative re-
solves of the State of New York, as coming from a
State friendly to the Administration, as containing
an argument within themselves, as being a sample
of what came from other States, and as being
strictly pertinent to the present debate, Mr. B.
would read:
" New York Leoislatum, JfareASO, 1807.
" Resolved, As the sense of this Legislature, that every
consideration of policy and duty requires that adequate
measures should be adopted by the National Government
for the protection of the port of New York.
" That the agricultural as well as commercial interests of
the State are deeply interested in this most desirable ob-
ject.                                                                       
" That in surrendering to the United States the revenue
arising from imposts, this State anticipated, and has now a
right to expect, that a competent portion of that revenue
would be appropriated for its defense, and that the Congress
of the United States, are bound by their constitutional
duties, as guardians of the common defense and general
welfare, to satisfy this proper and reasonable expectation.
" Resolved, That an application be made to the President
of the United States, in behalf of this State, to fix upon a
plan of durable and permanent defense for the port oi New
York, fully adequate to the importance of the object, and
that he be also respectfully requested to appropriate, out of
the moneys placed at his disposal, as large a sum as can be
usefully expended for that purpose, until Congress shall
have it in their power to make further provision in the
premises.
"Resolved, That the Legislature of this State rally ap-
prove of the conduct of our Senators and Representatives
in Congress, in advocating and intorcing the claims of this
State in this respect, and that they be requested to support
and inforce such further measures as may be necessary for
the permanent defense of this State, and to obtain, either
by annual appropriation or by general provision, a sum
competent for that important object."
Under this appeal from New York, (continued
Mr. B.,) backed by others from other States, and
stimulated by the increasing aggressions, con-
tempt of the proclamation of inhibition, and mul-
tiplied violations of jurisdiction within our
waters, by British ships of war, the administra-
tion of Mr. Jefferson found it necessary to do
something, and the experiment of gun-boats was
resorted to. The gun-boats were tried. They
had their day, and a brief day it was, for the end
of Mr. Jefferson's administration saw the end
of their glory. Mr. Madison came into office in
March, 1809—convoked Congress for May of
the same year—informed them that the gun-boats
were put in a situation to require no further ex-
pense, and that large appropriations for fortifica-
tions demanded their early consideration.    This
was the farewell to gun-boats and the revival of
the great system of defense planned and estab-
lished by Washington. The Congress of 1809
concurred with Mr. Madison, and at that very
session the largest appropriation was made for
fortifications which has ever been made in any
year from the foundation of the Federal Govern-
ment to this day. It was #1,419,000, being
$950,000 more than was appropriated in the first
year of the war, and within $300,000 of the sum
contained in this bill, the amount of which seems
to astonish some gentlemen so much. The Sec-
retary of War (Mr. Eustis) made a report upon
fortifications, in which may be found'nearly every
port and harbor now proposed to be fortified,
from Passamaquoddy bay to the mouth of the
Mississippi; and the appropriations continued to
be large and annual, no less than #3,405,000 in
I the first four years of Mr. Madison's administra
I tion, which were years of peace, but menaced
' with war. The next four years, which covered
I the war, saw a further sum of $2,200,000 appro-
1 priated to this object. At the return of peace,
everybody took warning from the past, and all
the Departments of Government entered cordially
¡ upon the business of repairing past errors by
! providing for the future, and covering the coast
with permanent and durable works. Mr. Craw-
ford, who was in Paris, sent us an engineer from
the school of the great Napoleon; Congress took
j him into service; a board was formed to plan
and direct the works, and appropriations of
| #800,000 or #900,000 were annually made to carry
them on. The messages of President Monroe,
| and the reports of the Secretary of War at that
1 period, in favor of the system, are too well known
i to be repeated here. The result of this spirit
was the formation of the board alluded to—Ber-
nard; Totten of the Army, and Elliott of the
Navy; and their laborious examinations and va-
rious reports, especially of 1821, revised in 1826,
by which one hundred and seven forts, besides
field works, and floating batteries, were resolved
upon for the defense of the maritime and gulf
frontier. The system of Washington, thus re-
vived at the end of the war, has been pursued
ever since, with some relaxation in 1820, 21, *22,
when the Treasury, from a surplus of # 16,000,000
run out in about four years, had to overdraw in
the Bank of the United States; and the Govern-
ment, to avoid the disgrace of a public loan for
current expenses, had to reduce the annual ap-
propriations for the increase of the Navy, from
#1,000,000 to «500,000, disbanded four thousand
men out of its little army, diminished the fortifi-
cation appropriations one half, and enforced a
rigid economy and minute curtailment at all
points. With the return of a prosperous Treasu-
ry, the usual appropriations for fortifications were
resumed, and the sum of #2,740,000 under the
second Mr. Adams's administration, and- about
#5,000,000 under President Jackson's, have been
applied to that object, with the great consolation
that all that has been applied since the war,
amounting to #12,500,000, is saved, the works
being constructed of durable and permanent ma-
terials, while the #7,500,000 previously laid out,
may be considered as lost, the works being done
in perishable materials for want of means iir-the
time of Washington and Adams, and for want
of time, and under the pressure of danger, in the
time of Mr. Madison.
Here (Mr. B. said) thefé w « room for pre-
cious and valuable retrospection. Sfev%n and a
half millions of dollars applied to fortifications
had been lost, partly by pernicious economy in
using perishable materials, but more by improv-
ident neglect of time and means when we pos-
sessed both, and consequent waste and hurry
when danger was pressing. There was a time,
anterior to the late war, when the United btates
possessed both the means and the leisure to
have entered upon a system of permanent fortifi-
cations; it was in the second term of Mr. Jeffer-
son's administration; and if the surpluses of
revenue had been then so applied, the large ap-
propriations afterwards made during Mr. Mad-
raon's administration would have been saved
from a hurried and wasteful expenditure on tem-
porary works; and many of the disasters and
disgraces of the late war would have been pre-
dated.   Unhappily, Mr. Jefferson, even in hjs
