130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Benton.
[February 23,
Senate.
last messase. in 1808, could not bring; himself to
Washington s policy; and while taxing the in-
ventive «renins of Congress to find out constitu-
tional modes of expending the accumulating sur-
pluses and in default of finding such objects,
recomniendms: alterations in the Constitution to
enable them to be turned to roads and canals,
totally overlooked the fortifications; without
winch it is now certain that an extended sea-
board, wiih rs rich and populous cities, must lie
at the merev not merely of the bombs and crews
of an enemy's fleet in time of war, but even of
the daring enterprise of pirates and buccaneers !
A similar period has come round again; we have
surplus revenue, and we have peace. We can
now lay it out in our defense with the skill and
care wliich durability and true economy require;
and if it is not so laid out, there is one Depart-
ment of the Government at least which will not
be to blame—the Executive Department, whose
multiplied messages to this effect, and especially
the one on the anniversary of the birth-day of
Washington, and reinforced by the sentiments
of the Father of his Country, cannot be lost
either upon the Senate or the country.
Having finished his historical view, and de-
duced the history of our fortifications from 1794
to the present day, Mr. B. came to the great
question which must now engage the attention
of the Senate, and of the country: Shall the sys-
tem of fortification go on, or shall it halt? Shall
the surplus revenues bt applied to fortifications and
other defenses, or shall thct be divided among
the States? These are the questions, or rather
this is the question; for the two make but one,
and are convertible in their essence, though dis-
tinct in their terms; this is the question, and the
time has arrived for deciding it. If the money
is divided among the States, then the great pub-
lic defenses, of which fortifications are only one
branch, must halt where they are, beginning no
new works, and merely completing old ones; or
they must creep and crawl, and languish, under
inadequate appropriations, for some ten or twenty
years, until some new danger arouses the coun-
try from its supineness to repeat the folly of
hasty works and perishable materials. This
must be the result; for the surplus cannot go to
both objects, and will be insufficient for the ob-
jects of defense alone. A systematic exaggera-
tion seems now to prevail in filling the Treasury
with inexhaustible surpluses, as a systematic
exaggeration prevailed two years ago in demon-
strating its emptiness. Then, we were to be
bankrupt at this day! Now, we are to have
such masses of surpluses that no extravagance,
nor even profligacy of expenditure, can get rid
of them! And, what is curious, these opposite
exaggerations are maintained by the same per-
sons, to the same auditors, and for the same ob-
jects. The Opposition are the exaggerators; the
people are the listeners; and the overthrow of
the Administration is the object. Two years
ago, the overthrow was to be effected by terrify-
ing the people with the apparition of a bankrupt
Government; now, it is to be accomplished by
the seductive dividends of an inexhaustible
Treasury! In both instances the exaggerations
are the same—unfounded in 1834—unfounded in
1836. The Treasury is in no more danger of
bursting from distension now, than it was of
collapsing from depletion then. It is true we
have a large surplus at present, but no larger
than it was in 1817, and: resulting from the same
cause, and to be followed by the same catas-
trophe. Bank expansions fillea all coffers, public
and private, at that time; bank contractions, in
three years afterwards, emptied all; and none
more completely than the Treasury of the United
States! that treasury, which was held to be
inexhaustible in 1817; which, in the second
quarter of that year held in deposit in the Bank
of the United States $15,935,050 36; and which
ran out so rapidly that, at the end of 1820, its
vast deposit was reduced to $388,210 94; and in
the first quarter of 1821 it was all gone, a de-
ficit incurred, and an overdraw of $1,044,539 91
actually made upon the funds of the bank; and
this after the great reductions made in the
public expenditure! The Bank of the United
States itself was on the eve of stopping; half of
the local bank  stopped payment; individual bank-
ruptcies, sacrifices of property, and enrichment
of money dealers, was the universal scene. The
same catastrophe is now in full prospect, and
blind is he who does not see it! Bank expan-
sions have pushed everything above its level; in
a little while everything will be as much below
its just level, as they are now above it. The
large surplus now in our treasury will vanish,
like that in Mr. Jefferson's time, and that of 1817.
Let us, then, apply it to useful and constitutional
objects while we have it. The question is imper-
ative; shall we apply it to the public defense, or
divide it out in parcels among the States and the
people? It cannot go to both purposes, and we
must decide, and decide on this very bill, to wliich
purpose the money shall go. This is a bill for
new fortifications; it commences new works,
nineteen in number, requiring an expenditure of
$1,750,000 this year, and a total expenditure of
about $5,000,000. If the bill passes, it is a pledge
for the completion of the whole system, and the
speedy commencement of the remaining works;
if it is rejected or curtailed, it is a halt in the sys-
tem, and may terminate in its present abandon-
ment and long postponement, until some new
danger rouses us again from our supine improvi-
dence. Besides these general considerations, Mr.
B. had recourse to others of more limited and
Canicular application, showing the injustice of
alting now in the system of defense, and reject-
ing or postponing the works in the bill. He
deemed such a course utterly unjust to the States,
which as yet had had nothing done for them. Of the
fourteen forts finished, Louisiana and Alabama
have seven; Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Pennsyl-
vania, not one. Of the forts under construction,
Virginia, the two Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida
have eight; on which about $3,824,000 have been
expended,and a furthercxpenditure of $1,700,000
is to take place; while Maine, New Hampshire,
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, have nothing under
construction, and will have nothing for a long
time, unless the bill becomes a law. It is the
peculiar province of this bill to provide for the
States whose claims have been postponed. It
provides chiefly for those States which have had
least or nothing: three for Maine; one for New
Hampshire; three for Massachusetts; one for
Rhode Island; one for Connecticut; one for New
York; two for Pennsylvania and Delaware; and
three for Maryland. Shall these States be disap-
pointed ? Shall their commercial capitals remain
exposed? Shall Boston, New York, Philadel-
phia, and Baltimore, remain without defense,
while New Orleans has been completely covered
and protected? Shall that of New York still
remain without defense, which so strongly de-
manded it as a right in 1807—in 1807, near thirty
years ago, and before New Orleans was acquirer!?
Mr. B. said the view which he had taken of
this subject would be incomplete, if he did not
pursue it still further, and look into some of the
objections urged against fortifications, and some
of the advantages resulting from them.
First, as to the objections.
It was objected to fortifications that they were
expensive, costing a great deal to erect them, and
a great deal afterwards to garrison and maintain
them. This, he said, was an error of such per-
verse character, that the very reverse of it was
true. The cheapness of this species of defense
was one of its absolute recommendations, and he
should reserve the head for enumeration under
the advantages of forts. When he came to speak
of those advantages he would show that fortifica-
tions, instead of being the dearest, were the
cheapest of defenses, not only in money, but in
the more important consideration of men and
lives; as it was a mode of defense which abstract-
ed fewer men from the other pursuits of life to
accomplish the same object, and was attended
with less loss of life, either from the casualties
of battle or the diseases of the camp.
Another objection was to the garrisons which
fortifications required, amounting, as it was sup-
posed, to a standing^ army in time of peace.
This objection, (Mr. B. said,) if true, would be
serious; but it was untrue and unfounded, and
the answer which he should give to it, founded
upon the reply of the Chief of the Engineer De-
partment, General Gratiot, to the precise ques-
tions which he had put to him, would astonish
gentlemen in exposing to them the maenitude of
their mistake. His answer would be two-fold-
first, positive, showing the number that would'
be required to garrison the forts in peace and
in war; secondly, comparative, showing that this
number, the relative state of the country consid-
ered, would not be equal to the reduced" military
peace establishment proscribed by Mr. Jefferson
m 1802; a rule of proportion and a standard to
which he presumed no Senator, not even the
most fastidious opponent to standing armies in
time of peace, would object. As to the numbers,
General Gratiot shows that 1,820 men will be
sufficient, in time of peace, to take care of all the
forts now built and now building, and all now
proposed in the bill before the Senate, and that
34,140 will be sufficient to garrison them in time
of war. These numbers will be sufficient for
forty-six of the forts; the remaining sixty-one
will require a less number; because the forts,
though more numerous, will be much smaller,
and will mount fewer guns; these sixty-one will
then require, to keep them in order in time of
peace, 1,538 men; and to garrison them in time
of war, 22,092 men. Here will be a totality,
when all the forts are finished, of about 3,500
men in time of peace, and of about 60,000 in time
of war; the whole of which, except about 5,600
artillerists, may be the militia and volunteers of
the adjacent country, called into service when a
siege is apprehended, and discharged when it is
over. Such were the numbers that would be
sufficient both in peace and war; but for peace,
the garrisons, if regulated with a military eye,
with a view to discipline, police, and martial
spirit, would be about double, say 7,000 in the
whole, as these objects would require that com-
panies should not be divided. Taking, then,
3,500 men as sufficient to take care of the whole
one hundred and seven forts, when completed,
and that 7,000 men would constitute the proper
garrisons in ordinary, Mr. B. would proceed to
his comparative view, and show that the largest
of these numbers would not require an addition
to our present peace establishment, which would
make it equal, the relative state of the country
considered, to the peace establishment of Mr.
Jefferson.
To verify this comparative view, Mr. B. took,
first, the number of the troops and of the popu-
lation then and now; and secondly, the extent of
territory then and now. Under the first aspect,
he showed that the peace establishment of 1802
was 3,080 men; that of the present period was
6,000; the population in 1802 was five and a half
millions; at present about sixteen million. Here
was a difference of about three to one in the popu-
lation, so that a peace establishment upon the
mere data of relative population of 9,240 now,
would be no greater in 1836 than 3,080 was in
1802. But the comparison was not to be limited
to this data; extent of territorial limit, and by-
consequence of frontier outline to be guarded,
must be combined with it; and this of itself would
double the numbers of 1802. The territorial limit
on the map in 1802 was the parallel of thirty-one
degrees to the south, and the Mississippi to the
; west; the actual frontier to be guarded at that
time was through Georgia, North Carolina, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, and Ohio. The limits on the
map now, are the gulf coast to the south, and the
Pacific ocean to the west; the actual frontier to
be guarded now, to the south approaches the
Tropic of Cancer, at Key West; to the west lies
along the Sabine, crosses the Red river, the Ar-
kansas, and the Missouri, extends to the Falls
of St. Anthony, and to the outlet of Lake Su-
perior; with occasional expeditions to the con-
fines of Mexico and to the foot of the Rocky
mountains. Thus both the territorial limits and
the actual frontier are doubled since 1802; and
allowingfor this increase, the peace establishment
of 1836 might be raised to 12,320 men without
exceeding the ratio of that of 1802. Thus, if
the whole number of one hundred and seven
forts were now completed, and full garrisons in
ordinary were allowed them, there would still re-
main about 6,000 men for the western or land
frontier, and the whole would be within the limits
of Mr. Jefferson's reduced peace establishment.
But the whole of the forts are not now finished,
