136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
iV<?M> York Fire—Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee.
Ho. of Reps.
South who acted with him were mistaken in
their staitments in relation to the feelings at the (
Noith. He had information from other sources
than pamphlets or newspapers. He would ask
the gtntleman from Vermont, [Mr. Swift,]
whethtr the number of these societies had not
increased in his State of late'
Mr SWIFT could only speak of a part of the
State of Vermont, in which he had understood
some five or six societies had been formed since
he came In re
Mr. PORTER continued- The statement of
the gentleman fiom Vermont coiroborated what
he had heard from other sources. He had no
doubt that the accounts in those abolition papers
were exaggerated. But he nevertheless believed
that when there was so much «¡moke, there must
be some fire He believed a large majority of
the people of the North were virtuous, and it was
to their v irtue he looked for aid. He could, how-
ever, assure them that the only way to put down
the Abolitionists was by prompt and decisive
measures. As to that wretch Thomson, he did
not regard anything he said. The Senator from
Connecticut [Air. Niles] had said all the mischief
had been done by the clergy.
Without coming to a conclusion, the Senate
adjourned.
NEW YORK FIRE.
REMARKS  OF HON. C. JOHNSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Represevtatives,
February 17, 1836,
On the amendment to the bill for the Relief of
the citizens of New York, in the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON said, that he was desirous of
saying a few words on the amendment to the bill
now under consideration, before the final action
of the committee upon it; that his opinions upon
such a subject as tins could not be influenced in
the least by any consideration of a political or
party character, and he could not believe that
those of any member of the committee w ould be,
notwithstanding the allusions to such subjects so
often made in the debate; that he would extend
to the citizens of New York the same lehef, and
no more, than h* would be willing to allow toany
other city in the Union visited by such a calamity.
The questions which presented themselves to
the consideration of the committee upon this bill
were similar, in all respects, to others which had
been often before Congress; he might indeed say,
almost every Congress fiom the origin of the
Government, that the action of Congress upon
this class of cases was as well settled and more
closely adhered to, than upon any other he had
examined, and if thr determinations of Congress
•were in any case to form a rule for its futuio ac-
tion, the relief to which the present applicants
were entitled under the usages of the Govern-
ment, and which thfy ought to expect, should
be considered as such- for more than thirty
years, similar relief had been extended to all such
applicants, and he believed that there was not a
single case in \v Inch it had been refused, that his
object in addressing the committee at this late
hour, was to give a co.icise view of the course
heretofore adopted upon such applications: he
believed it was liberal and just, and should be
allowed to the present applicants; and that the
amendment which he had the honor of submitting
to their consideration was intended to bestow
the same relief that had been heretofore given
under similar circumstances, and he trusted
would be adopted by the committee in lieu of the
first section of the bill.
Merchandise imported into the United States,
upon which the duties to the Government had
been paid or secured to be paid, was often des-
troyed by fire, floods, or some unavoidable acci-
dent, whilst in the original packages, and of
course before it entered into the consumption of
the country, and had often heretofore, and would
hereafter, produce applications to Congress for
rf lief of some sort. Prior to the year 1802, it
wa  the constant practice of Congress to remit the
duties. He had found in the course of his exam-
ination but a solitary case in which that relief
had been refused; he alluded to the case of Dev-
ereux and others, which had been reacted by a
committte on the 11th of January, 17Ú6. There
was a number of ease from the year 1790 to
180:2 in which the duties had been i emitted, but
whith he need not delay the time of the committee
in reciting. The last of the cases had bei n often
brought to the notice of the committee, as a pre-
cedent aflording evi n more rtlu f than provided
in this bill. The custom-house m Piovidtnce
was burnt in the lattci part of the year 1800, and
a large quantity of teas destroyed the act of the
23d of Februaiy, 1801, remitted the duties—a
very strong case tor the intt rposition of Congress;
and the committee who reported the bill, as if
conscious that Congrt ss had gone too far upon
such subjects, was careful m plating the relit f upon
the ground that the goods were dtstioyed whilst
undtr " the care of the custom-house officers." Re-
lief had been often given before that time to ap-
plicants whose goods had been removed from
the custom-house, and in some cases after a
«shipment of the goods for other ports.
In the latter part of the same year, a number
of applications, similar in character, were made
to Congress, which produced the adoption of a
resolution of inquiry as to the propriety of making
some general law upon the subject, whereby such
cases might be settled at the Treasury Depart-
ment without any application to Congress. Mr.
Randolph was then at the head of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to which that subject was
referred, and on the 2d of April, 1802, made a
report against the adoption of the resolution, deny-
ing the propriety of remitting duties in any such
cases. Congress had, prior to that time, acted
upon the principlts so forcibly and eloquently
urged by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Phillips,] w ho addressed the committee the other
day. The report of the committee, which he
then had befoie him, and which he would not
trouble the committee by reading, did not enter
at large upon an enumeration of those principles,
or the causes which induced the committee to
change the course upon which Congress had
before that time acted. It appeared from the
report, however, as it would appear to the com-
mittee upon a slight examination, that the safety
of the public moneys in the Treasury íequired
that more restrictions as well as a more ngid ex-
amination of such claims should be made before
their allowance, than had been practiced by the
Gov eminent. To permit a return of the duties to
be made, or a remission to take place upon every
casualty and at any time, whilst the goods re-
mained in the original packages, or whilst the
owners had the right ot debentuie, seemed to
him to open the door for the commission of in-
numerable frauds upon the Tieasury, to prevent
which, he did not see any means that the Gov-
ernment could adopt.
If the impo) ting merchant was entitled to a remis-
sion of dutic s upon goods accidentally destroyed
whilst in the original packages, upon the same
punciple and upon the same reasons, the merchant
in the interior, whose goods should be lost tn the
original packages by any accident, would have a
right to call upon the Government to pay to him
the amount of duties which lie had paid the im-
porter, and which had been paid by the importer
to the Government. And the same principle
might, with equal propiiety, be applied to the
consumer who purchases the goods which is de-
stroyed before used by him. In our system of
indirect taxation, it is no doubt the intention and
expectation of the Government that theconsumer
of the goods imported shall pay the duties, and
not the nit reliant, and it is therefore aigued, with
great force, that any accident which destroys the
goods before they enter into the consumption of
the country should induce Congress to remit the
duties to the merchant; otherwise the merchant
not only loses the goods destroyed, but pays the
ichole tax, but, however forcible this may appear,
it is necessary for Congress to fix upon some
time when duties shall be considered as due, or
when the goods shall be considered as to have
entered into the consumption of the country.
We cannot delay the collection of the duties until
the good actually enter into the consumption oí
the country. We cannot dt lay until the nnport-
ingmerchant sells or goes into such < xainmitions
Since 1802, the rule semis to have been to exact
the duties in all casi s aft< r the i ntry at the cuv-
tom-house, and bonds given according to law
after that time tlure is no remission, the duties
become a part of the value of the goods, and it is
the duty of the merchant to insure; the omission
to do so on his pmt is to be estet med an act of
negligence, for which the Government ought not
anil i annot be made responsible.
This seems to have been the principle upon
which the committee acted m 1802. At the next
session of Congress, another application was
made to Congrt ss, well calculated to test the
sense of that body upon the correctness of the
principle, and the propriety of the report. The
custom-house at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
was burnt, and a laige quantity of merchandise
consumed in it. Application was made to Con-
gress for relief; he presumed for a remission of
duties. Mr. Randolph continued at the head
of the Committee of Ways and Means; and, in-
stead of remitting the duties, as had been the
practice of the Government, and as had been
done twenty years before, in behalf of the mer-
chants of Providence, in a precisely paralhl case,
he introduced, and passed, the act of the 14th of
February, 1803, allowing to the sufferers by fire
one year's indulgence upon their bonds. No
other relief was given, although the goods had
been burnt in the custom-house, " under the care
of the custom-house officers " Similar relief was
extended to the sufferers by fire at Norfolk, by
the act of ]9th of March, 1804, and by the act
of 10th of February, 1807, a second time to the
merchants of Portsmouth. The provisions of
the preceding acts extended relief to the debtors
of the Government, whose " pioperty" had been
destroyed by fire, without any other limitation
or restriction.
By the act of the 11th of April, 1820, similar
relief was extended to the sufferers by the fire at
Savannah, and by the ajj of 5th May, 1824, to
Elijah Vansykel, of Philadelphia, extending the
time in each case, for the payment of the bonds,
to four years. Upon comparing these acts with
the former, it will be perceived that two restric-
tions are added to the latter, which, in his opin-
ion, were necessary for the equal and just opera-
tion of the act among the sufferers, first, that the
relief should be limited to those whose merchan-
dise had been destroyed by fire; and in the second
place, to that class of them who had not obtained
insurance. It was at that time apparent, and, in
his opinion, not the less so now, that the import-
ing merchant, who had his goods insured, upon
their destruction, would rective from the insur-
ance offices the value of the goods, which of
covirse included the duty, and that he was not
the sufferer. In such cases, there was not the
slightest grounds whatever for an application to
Congress, either to remit the duties or extend the
time of payment on the bonds If relief in such
a case was to be given, it should be to the insur-
ance company, not the importing merchant; and
he piesumed we should never have the insurance
compañas asking us for relief.
The other restriction in the act of 1820 was
also proper, and should be introduced in this bill,
that the time of payment should be extended on
the bonds only winch had been given for merchan-
dise destroyed by fire: the only ground of relief,
either for prolonging the time of payment, or
remitting the duties, was that the merchandise
upon winch the duties had accrued had been de-
stroyed. He did not belisve that misfortunes
overtaking the debtors of Government, of what-
ever character they might be, ever constituted, or
ought to be made m themselves, a ground of relief;
such as the burning of the house of a debtor, or
the destruction of his house by flood or earth-
quakes, or the loss of his annual crop by drought
or any other causes. If any kind of relief was
to be allowed in such cases, there would be no
end to the applications to this House, nor could
any calculations be made of the ability of the
Tieasury to meet any exigency whatever. This
constituted in his mind a serious objection to the
first section of the bill, that gave relief to aH per-
sons " who had suffered a loss of property" by
" burning of then buildings or merchandise,    em-
