1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
139
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
no such power, nor do we impose any limitations
or restrictions upon the exercise of the right of
petition.
It is said, however, that what we cannot do by
the passage of a law, we will accomplish by
adopting the present motion. What we cannot
do by a law has been already stated: the Con-
stitution states it, by declaring that we cannot
abridge "the right of the people peaceably to
assemble, and petition the Government for a re-
dress of grievances." Now, this right remains
untouched; it cannot be touched by any order
this House may now make upon this petition.
It is positive legislative action, limiting the exer-
cise of the right of petition, that is forbidden by
the Constitution, and not the mere order this
House may make, after the presentation of the
petition here, when the right secured by the Con-
stitution has been fully exercised and exhausted.
It is said that to reject the petition is to ren-
der the right of petition an empty form. As well
might it be contended that to reject the prayer,
which is the vital part of the petition, would ren-
der nugatory the right of petition, as to say that
this right is invaded by rejecting the petition it-
self. To reject the prayer, is to deprive the
memorial of all vitality—to make it a dead letter,
an empty sound, a mere preambulary—nothing.
A petition without a prayer is an absurdity; it
is not a petition; and if we may reject a part of
the petition, the only part which makes it a pe-
tition, why may we not reject the whole petition ?
A petition is a written prayer for us to do or not
to do a certain act, and if we reject the prayer,
we do substantially reject the petition itself. If
the rejection of these petitions could induce the
Abolitionists to refrain from sending here any
further similar memorials, it should constitute a
strong reason in favor of adopting this motion.
It is because I wish, not by the enactment of any
law, or the adoption of any rule abridging the
right of petition, but by the moral influence of
our votes and opinions, to arrest the transmission
of abolition memorials to this House, that I vote
against receiving the petition. The friends of
both motions are equally opposed to the Aboli-
tionists; both desire to put out these balls of
flame, which are kindled at the North in the fires
of fanaticism, and blown into tenfold fury here,
in the very act of endeavoring to extinguish
them.
We are told, that to reject these petitions is to
increase their number. And have these petitions
been diminished in number, by receiving them in
times that are past ? Has this course been hereto-
fore successful, or, rather, have not these petitions
multiplied from year to year ? Are they not now
increasing? and can we expect, by yielding any-
thing from courtesy to fanatical incendiaries, to
diminish their number, or arrest the surges of
that mighty flood which threatens to overwhelm
the institutions of the country ? No! It is only by
indomitable firmness and resolution, by a spirit
of resistance unsubdued, unconquerable, by a re-
sort to the very strongest measures, that we can
hope to arrest the mad career of the incendiary,
or strike down that Moloch banner which waved
in blood-stained triumph over the desolate fields
of St. Domingo, and beneath whose gloomy folds
so many thousands are now summoned to the
crusade against the lives and property of the peo-
ple of the South. Will persuasive measures, will
courtesy, will mildness and moderation, check this
fearful spirit? Have they checked it? or will
they, or can they rescue us from the dangers and
difficulties by which we are environed? It is by
meeting these incendiaries at the onset of their
attack, and sternly rebuking them, by the rejec-
tion of all their petitions, that we may indulge
the hope that here, at least, they will cease to
disturb the repose of the country.
To reject the petition, it is said, is to condemn
the petitioners unheard. I am not for introducing
here the principles of Rhadamanthus, to punish
first, and hear afterwards; although it is true, that
the " duraregna," the gloomiest caverns of Rhad-
amanthus, are the appropriate abodes of abolition
incendiaries. But have not these petitioners been
heard ? have not their petitions been read here, and
fully discussed? They cannot say, "strike, but
hear me," for we have heard them,and the ques-
tion is, shall we receive their petition ?   Why is
this motion on the reception of the petition pro-
pounded, if we may not answer no, as well as
ay? Is the propounding of this question an
empty form, or is the question already answered
in the affirmative by the Constitution itself? The
very question propounded is itself a violation of
the Constitution, if we may not give a negative as
well as an affirmative answer. Under the power
delegated by the Constitution to each House to
" determine the rules of its proceedings," the call
for this preliminary question may be demanded,
as a matter of right; and the right to propound
the question involves the right to vote in the
negative or affirmative, without any violation of
the Constiution!
There is another reason influencing me to op-
pose the reception of this petition. Why receive
the petition, wben the Government has no con-
stitutional power to grant the redress requested ?
Would not the reception of the petition, under
such circumstances, be an idle ceremony? Con-
gress has no constitutional power to abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia. It is said,
Congress has a grant of " exclusive legislation"
over this District. So has Congress, under the
same clause of the Constitution, " like authority"
over "all places" purchased from any of the
States; and, upon the same principle, Congress
might therefore abolish slavery in all those places
purchased in the slaveholding States, or, what is
still stronger, introduce and establish slavery in
all these places purchased from the non-slave-
holding States. But this is a grant of "exclu-
sive," not of unlimited, power of legislation; a
grant only of legislative power over the District
to the exclusion, in " all cases whatsoever," of
any concurrent jurisdiction. There are, how-
ever, other clauses in the Constitution, which
limit and restrict this power as regards this Dis-
trict, especially the provision which forbids Con-
gress to deprive any citizen of his " property"
" without due process of law," and further de-
clares, " nor shall private property be taken for
public use without just compensation." But
this petition proposes to take from the people
of this District their slaves, which are their
"private property," "without due process of
law," " without compensation," and for no
"public use," the only case in which private
property can be taken, even with compensation,
and that compensation, the Supreme Court of the
Union has decided, must first be paid or tendered
under the finding of a jury of the country. To
liberate the slaves of this District, even with com-
pensation, would be equally a violation of the
Constitution; for.to liberate them is not to take
them for the use of the public, by a transfer of
property to the Government, or its agents. Un-
less, then, this Government has the power, which
none pretend, to purchase and hold slaves, to
gratify the morbid sensibility of a few miserable
fanatics, it can never, in any manner, constitu-
tionally affect the institution of slavery in this
District. Do not the people of this District live
under the guaranties of the Constitution; or could
Congress, by the mere passage of a law, take from
the people of this District, their lands, their lots,
their houses, as well as their slaves ? If Con-
gress have such a power, the government of this
District is the very climax of despotism. The
States of Virginia and Maryland had no such
power; they could not, therefore, impart it in the
cession of this District; they never intended to
impart any such authority; they never would
have ceded this District upon such conditions.
Fully persuaded, then, that we have no authority
over the case embraced in the petition, I shall
vote against receiving it. Gentlemen tell us, that
they look at slavery in the States as the Consti-
tution looks at it, as a question beyond their con-
trol. And why not look at slavery in the Dis-
trict as the Constitution looks at it, and leave it
also where the Constitution found and left it?
The institution of slavery, as it exists in the
States, I will not discuss here, either as an ab-
stract or practical question, because we have no
control over it; but this I will say, that the peo-
ple of the South, so much abused by Abolition
petitioners, will be declared by faithful history
as unsurpassed in any age or country in all that
adorns the character of man. Her heroes, her
patriots, her statesmen, will live   among the
brightest models of human excellence, when the
blind spirit of fanaticism, which now assails her
institutions, shall be remembered only tobe con-
demned and execrated.
The constitutional provision, so much relied
on by the opponents of this motion, guaranties
the right of petition for but one purpose—" a re-
dress of grievances." Whose grievances ? Cer-
tainly those of the petitioners. Now, is it any
grievance of these petitioners, all far distant from
this District, that the people within its limits
own lands, or lots, or slaves; and why should
they ask us to receive their petition for a redress
of grievances, which those who are alone con-
cerned neither know nor acknowledge? And
what is this proposition which we are asked to
receive and consider ? It is a proposition to vio-
late the Constitution and endanger the Union It
is a proposition for rapine, plunder, and spolia-
tion. It is a proposition, not merely to attempt to
render the slaves of this District freemen, but, in
its inevitable results and consequences, to render
the freemen of this District slaves; to chain them
to the car of a despotic central power, whilst the
wild spirit of fanaticism lashes her fiery steeds
over the broken columns and shattered fragments
of the Constitution, and driving onward in exult-
ing triumph to the very Capitol of the nation,
waves her black and blood-stained banner from
the very dome, where now float the glorious kin-
dred emblems of our country's Union. The
mighty revolution* proposed by these petitioners
would make this District a den of thieves and
assassins, of liberated slaves and blacks already
free. It is threatened with a sale to the Dutch,
but the District would not be worth selling after
you had delivered it up to the negroes. This
proposition would make the District an asylum
for fugitive slaves from the States, the grand
citadel of abolitionism, whence it would light the
torch of the incendiary, and whet the knife of the
assassin, upon the very borders of Virginia and
Maryland. It would fill the whole District tc
overflowing with a free negro population, drunk
with the wild spirit of fanaticism, and render it
utterly impossible for any southern man to legis-
late here, except at the peril of his life. And
can we, ought we, will we submit to this ? No,
never. Oh, my country! are we American Sen-
ators, and is this the Senate Chamber of the
American Union, in which we are constrained to
debate such a proposition as this ?
Mr. President, let us all awake to the momen-
tous consequences of the perpetual agitation of
this fearful question; let us shake off all som-
nambulism, and contemplate for a few moments
the true character and inevitable consequences
of abolition agitation. It is a question, not of
abolition or anti-abolition, but of Union or dis-
union. The vital current freezes around my
heart when I contemplate the bare possibility of
a dismemberment of this Union; but with a view
to prevent this dread catastrophe, it is time to
address the people of the North in the language
of truth; to tell them that Abolitionists are dis-
unionists; that their success would be the suc-
cess of disunion; that if they love this Union, let
them all now rise in the majesty of their strength
and put down forever those fanatical incendiaries
who are threatening to place in jeopardy all that
is dear to the people of the South. We ask them
to teach the Abolitionists, that to persist in their
mad career unchecked, is to endanger the Union,
and that their object, the abolition of slavery in
the South, would not, and never can be accom-
plished; that they may fill every pulpit, every
college, every State of the North, with Abolition
incendiaries; and yet they will not, cannot ac-
complish their object. They may check the
amelioration of the condition of slaves in the
South, heretofore so rapidly progressing; they
may deprive them of many privileges winch they
before enjoyed; they may substitute distrust for
confidence, and subject the slave, from dire ae-
cessity, to much severer discipline-, they may
change the now truly happy and pastoral condi-
tion of the slaves into real chains and bondage;
they may almost extirpate the negro race, ior
they are unfit for freedom; but this is all they can
accomplish. No, this is not quite the full extent
of their victory. They may occasionally incite a
few negroes to insurrection.   Here and there, .or
