1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slaétry m the District of Columbia—Mr. Walker.
Sehate.
received?" He should but consume the time of
that body, if he attempted to add anything to
the able argument of his friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Kino,] so strongly and clearly enforced by
his friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,]
on the constitutional principle involved. He
should therefore leave the question, as it seemed
to him, perfectly settled.
The right oftpetition was admitted on all hands
to be one of the most sacred rights inherited from
our ancestors. It was secured to us by the Con-
stitution—not granted, for it was inherent in the
very nature of our Government, and was not to
be set aside under any circumstances. Should
they, therefore, to answer the purpose of putting
an end tp these abolition petitions—and certainly
in the opinion of many it would not have that
effect—should they give occasion to many well-
meaning citizens to array themselves on the side
of those in whose persons the right of petition
might be -violated, and to unite with them in the
prosecution of an enterprise they would not other-
wise have thought of? We should be cautious
(said Mr. K.) how we give occasion to these
Abolitionists to shift the odium from themselves
to a decision of the Senate. Even if he admitted
the constitutionality of refusing to receive the
memorial, he would hesitate long before he pur-
sued a course calculated to -produce.unfavorable
impressions in the minds of our fellow-citizens,
simply on the ground of expediency. Since the
commencement of the present Congress i those
individuals associated together for the purpose of
agitating the public mind and disturbing the
peace of the South had increased beyond all cal-
culation. They had their agents out everywhere
distributing their tracts and pamphlets, and were
pouring out their treasure with a lavish hand to
subsidize presses and circulate papers for the
purpose of operating on these very deliberations
that were then going on; thus endeavoring to
bring to bear on Congress the power of the abo-
lition societies, and the influence of the presses
which they had set up, with the acknowledged
design of producing action here. Now he would
not undertake to say, that the discussion which
bad taken place had had the effect of stimulating
the exertions of these misguided men, bat he felt
that there was too much reason to fear that it
had done so. If this was not the case, he would
ask, why had the zealous efforts of these Aboli-
tionists heretofore failed in producing the effect
they had intended? For it was undeniable that
they had hitherto failed in producing such an
effect; and it must have been because Congress
did not give consequence to their memorials by
protracted discussion, but passed them by with
silent contempt.
The reception of these memorials was so
strongly impressed on his mind, to be the only
true policy, that he could not resist the obliga-
tions of duty which impelled him to urge the
Senate to pursue that course. They had been told
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Black,]
that many of the State Legislatures bad acted on
such memorials, and had refused to receive them.
But (said Mr. K.) we have our own rule of action
prescribed by the Constitution, and are not to be
governed by what has been done in the State
Legislatures.
The reception of petitions had been compared
to the introduction of bills on leave; and they had
been told by the gentleman from Mississippi that
even_ here, in this body, they had refused per-
mission to introduce bilis in extraordinary cases'.
That was very true as regarded the introduction
of bills; but the principle on which they had been
refused did not apply to petitions. He recol-
lected a case where a resolution which the honor-
able-Senator from Missouri sought to introduce
was thrown out, because a majority of the Senate
did not approve of its principles. This was a
resolution m opposition to the Bank of the United
States, and was offered at a time of high party
excitement, and when a majority in both Houses
of Congress were known to be favorable to the
bank. Did this preserve the bank? The result
is known to all. In one word, then, he could not
vote against receiving this memorial. He could
not, because he did not believe that they could con-
stitutionally refuse it; and he did not believe it
would be good pohcy to create a sensation against
them among those who valued, and correctly val-
ued, the right of petition as one of their dearest
privileges. He had listened with great attention,
as well as with great pleasure, to th e Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] and was struck with
the earnestness and zeal with which he had pressed
the Senate to adopt some measure that would put
an end to the prevailing excitement. He knew
that that gentleman came from a country where
this excitement prevailed to an alarming, to a
fearful extent; he came from a hot-bed, where
this all-absorbing and all-powerful excitement
was so strong, that no man, no matter what was
his firmness, his coolness, and self-possession,
could possibly resist it; he could not fcil to be
borne along wherever the feelings and passions
of the multitude carried them. But that (said
Mr. K.) is not the case with us; it having been
a longer time sitfce we left the places where that
excitement was raging, it is not for us to be hur-
ried along with it into the adoption of measures
that our cooler judgment condemns; we should
take up the subject as wise, discreel, and reflect-
ing men, anxious to preserve the peace and tran-
quillity of the community, and should be very
careful to do nothing that would defeat the end
we have in view. He would go with the Senator
from Mississippi in voting for the strongest
measure against these Abolitionists. But was
the refusal to receive the memorial the strongest
measure ? No. It would place us (said Mr. K.)
in a false position, in which we could not main-
tain ourselves; we should create an excitement
against us, and- by enlisting the Sympathies of
the people in favor of these Abolitionists, we
should relieve them from the odium which now
properly attaches to them, and thus defeat the
principal object we have in view. The strong-
est Vote, in his opinion, the one best calcu-
lated to quiet the agitation in the public mind,
to put down the agitators, and to prevent the
frequent recurrence of their misguided and fanat-
ical attempts to disturb the peace of the South,
was that proposed by the motion of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] to
reject the prayer of the petitioners at once, and
show to these men that any hope of produc-
ing an effect on Congress was entirely delusive.
By this course (said Mr. K.) we steer clear of
those constitutional objections which apply to
the refusing the right of petition. We receive
from the citizens of the United States who pre-
sent themselves here, be they fanatics, incendia-
ries, or mistaken zealots, the expression of their
wishes; but we go not one step further; we tell
them that the prayer of their memorial is unrea-
sonable and cannot be granted; that to grant it
would be contrary to the obligations of our duty;
that it would be a violation of the Constitution,
and against every principle of justice and human-
ity; and we, therefore, stamped it with our un-
tualified reprobation. He took occasion some
ays since to express the grateful sense he enter-
tained of the manly, frank, and disinterested
manner in which his friend from Pennsylvania
had comft forward with his motion, as well as for
the enlarged, liberal, and clear-sighted views
taken by him in the Temarks with which he
accompanied it. Sir, (said Mr. K.,) he has my
thanks, and deserves, for the disinterested stand
he has taken, the warmest encomiums of every
southern man, as well as every lover of the
Union, be he from the North or from the South.
If anything (Mr. K. continued) could put an end
to the unfortunate state of excitement produced
by this agitating subject—if anything could tran-
quilize the feelings of the South, and put a stop
to these petitions which were pouring in upon
Congress, it would be that gentleman's motion
to reject the prayer of the petition then before
them; and he could not avoid here expressing his
sincere regret that the question had not been
taken at first on this motion, without going into
any discussion whatever.
_ This excitement, however, which had so ihaus-
piciously commenced, would probably go on for
some time longer; but he looked to public senti-
ment, particularly to the public sentiment of that
portion of the country whence these agitating
memorials came; he looked with confidence to the
wisdom,and virtue, and patriotism of the people,
to put that «vil spirit down.   If that could not
be done, he confessed that he must almost despai;
of a much longer duration of the Union. Hfc
could not, however, admit that the prospect was
so deplorable as that represented by the eloquent
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston.]
We see, (said Mr. K.,) as he does, the storm brew-
ing, but we feel assured that we are not to be
overwhelmed by it; that, though it may howl
above our heads, it will pass harmlessly by, leav-
ing a purer and fresher atmosphere. I care but
little (said he) for the sympathies of those abroad.
So long as we have public sentiment with us at
home—so long as we have the Christian world in
America with us—BO long as we have so strong a
party of wise, zealous, and disinterested friends
at the North, making every exertion to put down
the fanatical spirit of abolition, we care little about
what is said or thought in France or England.
Let us cherish, then, (said he,) those kindly sym-
pathies felt by each section of the Union for the
other; and though the fairest fabrics of Govern-
ment in the old world may be broken down, though
the liberties of their people may be put in jeop-
ardy, we shall stand secure; our Union will be
preserved, upheld by a community of feeling, of
interest, and of origin, as well as the ennobling
recollections of the history of our common
country.
It was not to be doubted, however, (said Mr.
K.,) that if ever public sentiment at the North is
against us—that if it acquire such strength as to
induce Congress to take up the subject of aboli-
tion, and legislate on it, to the destruction of our
rights, of our peace, and of our safety, great as
must be the sacrifice—whenever that day arrives,
we shall consider that the cords which bind this
Union together are severed. He begged his north-
em friends to bear this in mind—to believe that
-such would be the inevitable effect of an inter-
ference by Congress with the subject, and to use
every exertion in their power to put an end to thiB
excitement before it produced further mischief.
It was disavowed by these Abolitionists on all
hands, that they had any intention of interfering
with slavery as it existed in the States. Here,
in this District, was the battle-ground, and here
the plan of all their operations was laid. It was
admitted that there was a difference of opinion
entertained among gentlemen of sound and dis-
criminating judgment on both sides of the ques-
tion, with regard to the power-of Congress to
legislate on the subject of slavery within the ten
miles square ceded to the General Government
by the States of Virginia and Maryland. The
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Prbhtiís] had en-
tered into a long and carefully prepared argument
to show that Congress possessed this power, but
the gentleman had failed in convincing him that
his views were correct. He recollected that, some
years ago, a report was made in the other House,
on a bill before that body claiming remuneration
for a slave killed at New Orleans, in the public
service, in which th* doctrine was advanced that
slaves were not property. We thought (said
Mr. K.) at the time, that the author of the report
was very little removed from a madman, in en-
deavoring to get around the Constitution in so
strange a way; but the gentleman front Vermont
had leaped over all the barriers of the Constitu-
tion, and lighted at once On the principle, that if
Congress emancipated the slaves in the District
of Columbia, it would be "/«*• toe jM*Be me,"
and therefor* in accordance wj** af th* pre-
visions of that ifiharttineitt. HW|  wtefced to
know, if «iere was one single «ate, when tha
Constitution was adopted, who believed that, if
ever his property was got away from him in the
manner contemplated by the gentleman from
Vermont, that it could be fbr thepubhcus .
Mr. PRENTISS explained. He did not arguo
on the expediency or propriety of Congress eman-
cipating the slaves in the District «for the public
use " He only referred to what rtHght hereafter
be done under color of that particular clausem
•the Constitution, and at the instance of a majority
of the people of the District.
Mr KING. Do you make compensation (said
he) when you emancipate « slave? Where m
your fund ? Is it for the public use? What pub-
lic use? Do you put him to any use whatever?
None, sir, none.                             m       „       .
Sir, <said Mr. E.,) the frame  of our Consti-
