146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
24th Cong....1st Sess.               Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Manning.
Ho. op Reps.
the bonds of common interest and of united affec- i
tions; and that we might meet and unite upon a
broad and common ground from which distract-
in" and agitating questions might be avoided, all
debatable'grounds might bo shunned, and where
varying and practically unimportant abstract no-
tions and opinions might have no influence in pre-
ventin<r useful and practical results. Our aim has
been to reach practical objects, to prevent discus-
sion, to keep down the excitement of one portion
of theUnionagainsttlieother, to restore harmony,
confidence, and that feeling of security to life,
liberty, and property, without which Govern-
ments cannot long exist in this age of the world,
and Without which they would, if they could j
exist, be a curse.
Sir, I have been filled with anxiety and care at
the course which things are taking in this coun-
try.   My bed is not refreshing to me, as it used
to be.   Unhappy visions flit across my mind;
thorns are planted under my pillow; the air does
not refresh me as in other days; the sunbeams
do  not bring those gladdening and animating
sensations to my frame as was the case when our
southern country was happier and more united;
when the South, the land of generous feeling and
of noble sentiment, the land of hospitality and of
elegant and polished life, of warm, impassioned,
and sweeping eloquence, and of moral and intel-
lectual power, was one and united.    These are
the bright features by which our southern States
have ever been characterized; these are the fine
traits which adorn the  lovely character of the
South.   This interesting country, in earlier and
happier days, was united and happy, was full
of hope—rioted in the grand prospectives of the
distant future; and, as the series of events un-
folded  the  rising prosperity of our  State and
common country, all was joy, and  hope, and
gladness.    The times are changing; slowly oper-
ating causes are producing discontents; undefined
apprehensions are succeeding to full and unlimited
confidence; a thrilling sensibility has been awak-
ened, under clouded apprehensions that attempts
may be made to unsettle the existing order of
things by an interference directly, in the District
of Columbia, at no distant day, with the rights
of the slave owners, and by making this a mere
first move in progression to a more extended and
general system of operation in the slaveholding
States at some still more distant day.  Our object
is to disabuse the public, to substitute for im-
proper, correct statements, and  to present just
views of northern sentiment and feeling in rela-
tion to our institutions, and to give the other por-
tions of our common country an opportunity of
putting down those wild and erratic movements
at the North, by which those who aim at press-
ing their memorials and petitions upon Congress,
that they may produce discussion, excite feel-
ings, and thus to force themselves and their ob-
jects into the notice, and under the consideration
of a thinking, speaking, and writing age, may
fall short of their aim.    Their success will best
be secured, and their ends best answered, if they
can but so far press themselves and their objects
upon the notice of the country as to produce ex-
citement, awaken   resentment, or elicit  abuse.
Under the silence of contempt, or under the in-
dignant rebukes of the lovers of order and stable
governments, they will dwindle down to their
proper and safe dimensions.    If let alone, they
will  sink  into that  insignificance which  they
merit; they will sink under those rebukes from
the moral and intellectual forces of our northern
brethren which seem to await them.    If they
progress, the battle must be, will be, fought at
the North.    The good of society, the safety and
happiness of every portion of this country, will
bring about this result; for, if these crusaders
against the rights and interests of the slavehold-
ing States are permitted by northern portions of
this country to move on upon their erratic and
frantic course, they will produce such throes and
convulsions not only in the South, but in the
North, that the established order of things will
beeome unsettled; the reign of law and of liberty
wilt be endangered.
The South, sir, ought never to debate this
question —it ought never to discuss it, for dis-
cussion will produce excitement; one degree of
excitement will beget another.    A warm and
animated southern excitement will—nay, must,
produce a corresponding northern excitement.
Each will grow in character and in degree, until
a grand northern interest may stand opposed to
a grand southern interest. The North then be-
comes arrayed against the South, and the South
against the North. I will not allow myself to in-
quire, under a conjuncture like this, what will
become of this our beloved and happy country?
Under such circumstances, truly will the hearts
of patriots tremble for the ark of our political
safety. The ground assumed in the resolution is
not only abroad and common ground, upon which
all may safely unite, but is one broad and ample
enough to sustain all the rights and interests of
the South. Under the compromises of the States
which led to the formation of this Government,
and to the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States, we believe, however other gentle-
men may differ from us, that Congress, under it,
has no power whatever to interfere, directly or
indirectly, with the slave property of the citizens
within the District of Columbia, no more than it
has to interfere with houses or land, or any other
description of property. It cannot do this other-
wise than in such way, and for such high and
necessary purposes, as has been clearly -and
definitely expressed in the Constitution itself.
Property cannot be taken by the Government
from its citizens without full and adequate com-
pensation, and then only for such important pur-
poses, and for such absolute wants, as the safety
of the country may require. Under these com-
promises, in reference to the property of the
slaveholding States, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States was adopted; under these understand-
ings the Government was formed;upon these, as
their proper basis, rest the Constitution and Gov-
ernment. These, then, under legitimate deduc-
tions of reason, are the spirit and life of the Con-
stitution and Government; and under their hroad
banner we the people will protect and defend our
property and lives, should this sad alternative
ever be forced upon us.
When Virginia and Maryland made a cession
of the ten miles square within the limits of this
District, they never for a moment believed that
the original and inherent right of those States
would be or could be transferred to Congress, so
that it could interfere with the rights of property
of their citizens who lived upon the soil.   Neither
could Maryland or Virginia do any such act, or
make any such transference.   The constitution
of neither State gave any such power to their
respective Legislatures.    If no such power re-
sided in the constitution, then any such attempt
to exercise it on the part of the Legislatures,
would have been a gross usurpation  of power,
never yielded by the people.    Nothing but an act
of the people in convention could have yielded
that power, which certainly was never granted
under those State constitutions.   Then, it is as
clear as light that the Congress of the United
States never can interfere so as to emancipate the
slaves in the District of Columbia, until the peo-
ple of Virginia and Maryland, in conventions of
the people of those States, shall see proper to
confer the power.    I believe that an unfortunate
issue was made up when a fundamental principle
of our Government was connected with the ques-
tion of slavery.   What would, if this course
should be pursued, be the result?   By a forced
and'unnatural action of this House, you would
drive—not the Abolitionists, for they under any
circumstances are and will be against us—but you
drive, on a most important vote, those who differ
with us on a mere abstract legal opinion, but who
are among our very best friends—the abiding
friends of southern rights—and who are firm and
unwavering supporters of those compromises
under which the States united to form the Gov-
ernment of the United States.   This denial of
the right to petition gentlemen never could have
yielded.   They would  have been  rebuked  by
public sentiment for yielding one of those great
principles upon which rests fundamentally not
only our Government, but without which no free
government can exist.
Besides, sir, where was the necessity of taking
this ground? It is one which is impracticable;
one which cannot be maintained by republicans.
It would, if persevered rn, drive from us those
very friends who, to protect and defend the exist-
ing order of things, to preserve the Government,
protect and defend the Union of these States, and'
the rights and interests of the southern, o'r of
any other portion of this Confederacy, in the
manly and patriotic language of the present Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts, used some years ayo
buckle on their knapsacks, and, with arms&in'
hand, rally to the support of the laws and Con-
stitution of this country. Yes, sir, to the defense
of those very compromises under which our
fathers, with their fathers, cleaved down British
power in this country, and under which they,
together, built up that form of government which
is the admiration of the civilized world at this
day.
I believe that without a resort to this mode, or
to some other like it, by which the broad field of
discussion opened on this vitally important sub-
ject should be closed, the heat created here and
thrown off in every direction, like as from a great
central fire, would not, like common radiant heat,
lose its intensity as it departed further and further
from its great source, but would gain intensity
and violence as it progressed from the elements
upon which it would feed. There is nothing in
this country which has connected with it so many
dangers to this Union as this very question of
slavery. The unhappy relations which lately
existed between this country and France, and
which, I thank God, are so happily settled to the
honor of my country, to that of France, and of
England, was, to the lovers of order and security,
a matter of secondary importance; nay, a war
with France, and with the combined world, and
afortúnate and happy issue out of'it, could not
be of half so momentous a consideration to this
country as> a proper and safe settlement of this
vexing and harassing question.
This settlement could not be accomplished, and
never will be accomplished, by motions to reject
" in limine" petitions or memorials. Good results
can never be safely produced by illegitimate and
unwarrantable means. If petitions or memorials
are presented, licentiously abusing the sacred and
fundamental right of petition, on the receipt Con-
gress will instantly reject, or will pursue such
mode as either to treat them with the silence of
contempt, or wi.'l take such measures, give such
rebukes, or inflict such punishments, as the pro-
priety of the case may require. The abuse of a
principle must be separated from the principle
itself. Fundamental principles ought not—can-
not be impaired, or be trenched upon, because
abuses grow out of practices upon them. Licen-
tiousness but too often springs up from the wick-
edness of mankind under the purest forms which
free Governments can be made to assume. This
is incident to all human institutions; but for this
the great foundation upon which they are built
cannot—ought not to be disturbed. Those who
administer this Government, or those who legis-
late under it, must have such virtue and wisdom
as will check and control, so as to give a safe di-
rection to whatever may come under their legit-
imate action. If this should be otherwise, the
Government itself will fall to pieces.
In 1805 a memorial was offered in the Senate
of the United States, praying for the emancipa-
tion of slaves in the States. On the question to
receive, the vote of the Senate was nineteen in
favor of receiving, and nine against it. Anion 
the nineteen was the venerable and distinguished
name of General Sumter, of South Carolina. It
is impossibe that the denial of the right of peti-
tion can be sustained under a republican Govern-
ment.
This distinguished patriot, soldier, and states-
man, the immediate and intimate friend of Mr.
Jefferson, in whose firmness, correctness of opin-
ion, and strong republican virtue, Mr. Jefferson
is said to have had more confidence than in any
man in Congress at that time, could not, as a
Republican, with all his strong southern feeling,
and his perfect devotion to the true interest of the
South, could not, as a supporter of the true theory
of the Government, do otherwise than vote, that
this principle of the Government should not be
violated, and that the memorial " should be com-
mitted."
In 1790, on the presentment of a memorial pray-
ing for the abolition of slavery in tne States 
