148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.       Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. King, of Georgia.
Senate.
«hat loo much should not be made of it either at
the North or at the South.
He thousht he had been very explicit, when he
before hue fly aJdiessed the Senate, in stating
lhat on the subject and object of the memorialists
there was no i'ifilreiice of opinion among southern
m mbcrs. They only d.íílred upon the questions
riised on the prchminaiy motion made by the
Senator from Carolina In other woids, they
a?ieed on the suoject of abolition of slavery in
tne Distuei of Columbia, which was the object
of the mcmoml, but diiTcied on the constitutional
right of petition íatstd under the motion, and
also upon the expediency of contesting that right
on tht piesent occasion.
He did not believe that they could differ on
this bianch of the subject, if his friends had not
suffered their reasoning faculties to be obscured
by the excitement of their passions, and the
influence of their prejudices. Under this belief,
he could not do better than to remind the Sen-
ator from Carolina, [Mr. Calhocn,] and those
who acted w th him, of the wise admonition of
the Senator himself, at an early stage of the ses-
sion.
On another branch of this same subject, the
Senator had cautioned the Senate against the
establishment of piecedents on sublets of high
excitement, lie veiy properly stated that on
such occasions wc might hastily establish princi-
ples dangerous to the Constitution, and embar-
rassing in future times to oui legislation undent.
His fi lend was then justifying himself to the
southern people in advance, for an opposition
report which he intended to make against the lec-
ommendation of tli3 Piesident in his annual mes-
sage. The President recommended to Congress
so to regulate the action of the Government under
a power expiessly granted to it, as to effect only
the national objects for which it was granted, and
avoid any encioachments upon the rights of the
Slates on the subject of domestic slavery, for
which it was not granted. Whether the admo-
nition of the Senator was called for on that occa-
sion might better appear on a discussion of that
branch of the subject, but the admonition was
certainly a wise one, and he was sorry the Sen-
ator had lost sight of it in the motion he had
made. He would not rebuke his southern friends;
he believed they acted under excitement, and if
they erred they erred honestly, and believed, no
doubt, they were doing the best for the South.
He thought their error so palpable, however,
that he hoped he would be excused for the le-
mark, as a general one, that he thought it ill be-
came gentlemen of the South—ay, gentlemen of
ike Soutli, who professed to be struggling and
straining esery nerve, upon all occasions, to pre-
serve the Constitution in its purity, incautiously
to put their foot upon it in a moment of irritation |
at the conduct of a few deluded and mistaken
philanthropists. The South wished the Consti- .
tution as it is, intact as it has been written, so
long as it answered the purposes for which it was
framed. It would be needed by us, he hoped,
after the abolition excitement had passed off, and
been forgotten. A sentiment had (he said) fallen
from a Senator from Massachusetts that had been
much cenBured from various quarters. He had
Toted against the Senator on the occasion out of
which the remaik had grown, because he did not
believe with him in the danger to the Constitu-
tion. But when a Senator believed that he was
called DA to violate the Constitution, the senti-
ment was one in which he fully concurred. Sir,
(said he,) if the walls of this Capitol should be
"battered down,"thfy may be built up again;
but in the selfish, sectional feelings of the present
day, if our glorious fabric of Government should
peush in the conflict of sectional passion, where
are the political journeymen with the wisdom or
the patriotism to reconstruct the noble edifice,
with all us present symmetry, usefulness, and
beauty*
He thought it remarkable that his southern
friend*, who were opposed to him, seemed, by
their argumems, to have lost sight of the very
nature of our institutions; and especially of the
essential distinction between republican and des-
potic Governments.
One of the most difficult subjects (he said) in
tt  vbote sye*ce of Government, was that of
reconciling the peace of the community, and the
safety of established institutions, with the rights
and liberties of individuals. Practically and the-
oretically, it had divided the woild more or less
in all a<tes, but he had thought that it was not
now a debatable question with the people of the
U.n'ed States.
He considered it settled by the very form of
our Government and institutions, for it was in the
establishment of the foim of Government that
this question was usuallv considered and settled.
The Government of our choice (Mi K. said) was
purely republican. It was based on popular
opinion, which was known to be mutable, the
freedom of that opinion was secured, as was also
a fiee and unobstructed intercourse between Gov-
ernment, the agent, and the people, the constitu-
ent power.
The opposite form of Government (said Mr.
K.) assumes that Government, when once estab-
lished, is always right; that it is based on prin-
ciples unchangeable; its acts infallible, and the
Government is to be guarded, if necessary, by
its own organized force; denying any voice to
the citizen for whose good it was cstauhshed. It
was strange (Mi. K. said) to see gentlemen, by
then arguments, actually sustaining the latter in
opposition to the former system of Government.
Sir, (said Mr K ,) there is no good without
alloy. The privileges allowed to the citizen under
a fiee Constitution, may be, and are, as in tins
case, very often grossly abused, the community
troubled, and established institutions endangered.
But the people of the United States have determ-
ined that these abuses are rathci to be combated
by icason and patriotic discretion, than that the
freedom out of which they grow should be de-
nied. In other words, tl.cy prefer the enjoyment
of n rational hbtrty at the price of vigilance, and
at the risk of occasional trouble,by the ciroisof
misguided or bad citizens, to that repose which
is enjoyed in the sleep of despotism.
However unpatriotic, then, (sud Mr. K ,)
these petitioners may be; however deluded, how-
ever mischievous in every sense, and however
we may repiobate their conduct, they are still
citizens of the United States. It was acknowl-
edged that these memoiiahsts were highly íep-
utable and peaceful citizens, as those belonging
to the Society of Friends usually are. However
this might be, they were certainly citizens, sub-
mitting to the operation of the Government, and
contributing to its support, and must, under its
theory, be allowed the same rights of other citi-
zens. They must be allowed, like other citizens,
to petition the Government — the Government
having a perfect right to reject their prayers, after
receiving their petitions. The simple right of
petition was the most harmless and inoffensive
of all possible rights, if it be properly treated.
It enfoiced nothing and effected nothing but what
Government thought proper to yield to it. The
peaceable exeicise of the right, however idly
employed, could rarely be productive of mischief,
though it might sometimes be evidence of mis-
chievous intentions. The greatest danger was in
imprudently and unnecessarily íesisting it. All
history was full of the most warning instances
in which the most worthless men and the most
worthless principles had been elevated to un-
merited consequence, by opportunities incau-
tiously given them of throwing themselves into
the bleaches of a violated constitution.
I He had been asked if he would receive a peti-
tion to abolish slavery in Georgia' This was a
strong and improbable case, but he had answered,
and would still answer, that he should feel bound
to do so, and would then treat it with that con-
tempt which so extravagant a proposition would
deserve. Mi. K. thought we had no right to
refuse to receive a petition, if made by a citizen
of the United States, and touching a matter that
concerned him as such. These he thought the
only essential requisites to entitle the petition to
a reception. It must be signed by citizens, and
touching their interests as citizens. We could
not be embarrassed by petitions to relieve the
riots of the East Indies from the oppressions of
the Zemindars, or from the heavy exactions of
the East India Company. Petitions for such a
purpose might be íefused, and gentlemen had
satd that this memorial might be refused on the
same principles. He thought himself, that thev
were meddling with a matter that should not con-
cern them; and would strongly recommend to
them to attend to their own business, and allow
the people of the District to attend to theirs. But
still it was insisted that the District of Columbia
was a national temtoiy, and under national juris-
diction, that the representatives of the people of
the District weie the repiesentatives of the peo-
ple of the United States, that the public build-
ings, and a vast amount of public property, in
which they have a common interest, is located
lieie, that the Distnct is governed, to some ex-
tent, at the co&t of the nation, in short, that there
is that kind of íelation between the people of the
District and the people of the United States, as
citizens ot the same nation, which gives them an
interest in the subject of their memorials. How-
ever light this reasoning, it was difficult, on prin-
ciple, to get round it; and he thought, at any
rate, we should not settle this question on nice
distinctions, perhaps convincing to ourselves,
but to nobody else.
But, (said Mr. It.,) waiving this objection, as
seems to have been generally done, and how do
gentlemen get round the constitutional objection
to their motion' Why, they say they do not
propose " to pass a law" to abridge the right of
petition, and theiejoie do not propose to do any-
thing which the tci ms of the Constitution forbid.
He begged that his southern friends would reason
on this as they would reason on other subjects;
that they would shake off momentary influences,
and employ their reasoning faculties for the dis-
covery of truth. If they would only do this, they
could not disagiee with him for a moment, for
they must instantly discover that their answer
was a palpable evasion of the Constitution itself.
Mr. K. called for and read the fiist amendment,
as follows:  " Congiess shall make no law re-
• specting an establishment of religion, or pro-
' hibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging
' the fieedom of speech or of the press, or the
*  right of the people peaceably to assemble and
. * petition the Government for a redress of gnev-
' anees "
Congress, under this article, can pass no law
1 to " abudge" the right of the people to petition
Government     A modern commentator on the
i Constitution, of somt note and much ability, in
noticing this paitof the aiticle, dismissed it with
the remaik that it was totally unnecessary. This
is obvious to every one who will consider for a
moment the relation between a free people and
the Government of their own choice. The priv-
ilege belonged (Mr. K. said) to the foim of Gov-
ernment, was united with it,and insepaiable from
it. It as cltaily belonged to the people on the
foimation of the Government, as did the right to
use the English language without any constitu-
tional provision for that puipose; and (said Mr.
K.) if gentlemen will only look at the Constitu-
tion and not evade it, they will see that the right
was not acquired by the Constitution, but only
secured by it. Tht tight as a preexisting one, was
expressly recognized by the language of the Consti-
tution itself. What was the language applicable
to the question before the Senate ' It prevented
Congress from passing any law " abridging the
tight of the people to petition the Government," &c.
Was not heie a plain and express lecogmtion
of the preex'sting right' " Abridge" what > His
faend from Carolina was a logician as well as a
statesman, and he would ask him how the Con-
stitution could piovide against the " abi idgement '
of a right which it did not acknowledge to exist?
Could we abridge a nonentity> Could we take
anything from nothing' Could we add securities
wheie there was nothing to secure> Certainly
not. As a thousand noughts added will make
nothing, so a cipher cannot be reduced. The
right, then, belonged to the people, as inseparably
incident to tlieu Jorin of government—was acknowl-
edged to exist by the language of the Constitution;
and was guardedly secured by the piovuwns oj mat
instrument. Yes, (said Mr. K.,) secured against
the united legislative power of the whole Govern-
ment, and yet gentlemen propose unceremoni-
ously to defeat it by a simple motion in one
branch of the Legislature He would not dwell
longer upon this branch of the subject.    He Had
I already ¿aid more than was necessary.
A prop-
