150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Sufferers by JSlew York Fire—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
they had increased since the commencement of
the session, and had heird also the increase at-
tributed to the manner in which the subject had
been Heated here. Howeatrthis mightbe, what
he insisted on was, that those base productions
were no e\idence of the fact, or of any fact, and
especiallv should not be used by southern men
in opposition to the statements of high-minded,
honorable men at the North, w ho were the active
and efficient fiitnds of the South.
If gentlemen wanted further evidence of the
reckltss system of fabrication and falsehood, pur-
sued by the abolition fraternity, he would give
them another proof ot it, w Inch he thought would
settle their opinions on that point. As mtio-
ductorv to this farther proof, however, and in
fact, as a necessary pait of it, he must remind
them of the glowing accounts to be seen in all
the abolition prints of the great success and tri-
umphant march of them issionai y George Thomp-
son, from the time of his an i val in this countiy,
until compelled to embark rather unceremoniously
on a return voyage to make his final íeport to the
Glasgow maids who sent him. Every number
of almost every paper which fell under his eye
during this alleged prosperous mission, was filled
with flattering and cordial receptions, ciowded
and attentive meetings, bnlhant triumphs, and
increasing resources. All statements of formi-
dable opposition to mm were flatly contradicted.
These statements weie generally cot roboiated by
Thompson, until the dying declarations of his
mission, when the truth could no longer be con-
cealed or falsehood be made profitable. At any
rate, we found him contradicting the whole pre-
ceding history of his mission, in letters written
from this country to England just before he em-
barked. Mr. K. read the following article from
the Leeds Mercury, an English paper:
" Mr George Thompson —Letters of a most distressing
nature hive been received from Mr George Thompson, the
aealous and devoteu misionar) ot slave emancipation, who
has gone lrom this country to the United states and who
writes from Boston Up saja that 'the North' (thitisNew
England, where «laven does not exist) 'has universally
sympathized with the South' in opposition to the Aboh
tionv>ts, that'the \orth his let fail the mask,' that'mer
chants and mechanics, puesta and politicians, have alike
stood forth the defenders of southern despots, and the
furious denounCLrs ot northern philanthropi ,' that all
pirties of politic*, especiallv the supporter ot thetwo rivals
for the presidential office, Van Buren and Wcb-ter, vie
with each other in denouncing the Vbohtioni-ts, and that
even religious imu shun them, t tcept when the Abolition
ists can turlj g-un a hearing tiom them With regard to
himself, he sp ika as follows 'Rewnds are offered for
my abduction and assassination, and in everv direction [
meet with those who believe they would be doing God and
their country sen ce by depriving me of life I have
appeared in public, and some of inj e-capes from the hinds
of my foes have b en truly providential On Fridav list I
narrowly e=eiped losing my life in Cincord, New Hamp
shire " ' Uo>ton ¡September XI —This morning a short
gallows wis found standing opposite the door of m> house, ¡
23 P.ry street in tuis fitj, now occupied bvGirnson Two
hitters hung t'-o-n the hi am, with the words above them,
' by order ot Judge Lynch" "                                            1
The contradiction between this and the pre-
vious accounts referred to, he hoped would satisfy
gentlemen that the statements of Abolitionists
were not worthy of the use they had made of them
to dispiove the sta'ements of honorable men.
Other errois, he thought, had been committed,
and sentiments expressed, doubtless under the
influence of excited feelings, and in the hurry of
debate, which he  deeply icgietted.    The most
fuendly advances bv those whose fuendship had
been manifested in the most undoubted manner,
had been rudely repulsed.    The kindest feelings
had been met by unmeasured denunciation.   To
assuianees of devoted friendship to the South
and its institutions, it had been angrily answered
that the South did not want the sympathies of the
North; that it had no occasion for assistance, and
Bet opposition at defiance.    This was proper lan-
guage toan enemy, but was uncalled for to friends,
and was calculated to have an unhappy effect in
-weakening the national sympathies of the people.
These were hasty sentiments, however, and he
hoped would be so considered.   As for his part,
he did wish the sympathies of the northern peo-
ple where they were freely given, either on this
or any other occasion necessary to preserve and
prosper our great and glorious Confederacy: and
if it should ever become necessary, he wished
their assistance also.    He did not ask it in a
humiliating ione or a humiliating «ensc.   He
demanded it as a social duty, nay, more, as the
' peí fot manee of a paramount constitutional obli-
gation.
If we did not want the sympathies of our own
countrymen, who owed them to us, whose sym-
pathies did we expect' Those of England and
France ' Weie there still any advocates of the
wild project of preserving the ¡South by a separa-
tion, and forming alliances with those two Pow-
ers' He presumed not. England had seized
upon the property of her own West India plant-
ers, and ruined the planters and ruined the coun-
tiy, at the same time imposing new buidens upon
an already overtaxed people at home Whig and
Tory, however they disagreed on other matters,
seemed (he said) to agree tolerably well on this,
and the great master spirit of the movement party,
O'Connell, (of whom it had been said that he
sought mischief fiom the pure love of mischief,)
was endeavoring to move heaven and eai th against
the southern planters.
France, too, it seemed, overlooking the squalid
poverty of her own starving millions, had, all at
once, become wonderfully sensitive on this sub-
ject. And partly from her journals, and partly
through channels of a more private nature, but
more to be relied on, we learned that many of the
most influential and leading men of that king-
dom were striving to combine the moral power
of the press of Europe in the cause of abolition.
From this intermeddling fanaticism abroad, was
it not likely we might have enemies enough with-
out these spirited efforts to make enemies at
home' We could expect nothing, and we asked
nothing, fiom other countues. We could pro-
tect ouiselves; and, with the patriotism and fra-
ternal feeling of our own countrymen—on which
he hoped and believed we might always safely
rely—we might set all Christendom at defiance,
if disposed to intermeddle with us on this or any
othei subject. Our entmies he would defy every-
where; but would not, by such unprovoked de-
fiances, insult and drive from us our countrymen
and friends.
The Senator from Carolina had remarked that
the southern members weie in a minority on
that floor, and therefore ought not to divide. He
felt that this was true; but the remark might be
addressed to his friend with the same justice that
it could be addressed to him. They happened
to differ in the course best calculated to protect
and secure the interests of the South; but he was
happy to say that they differed only on collateral
and comparatively unessential points. Upon the
main subject they were united, and would stand
togethei, and sustain each other to a man We
might as well expect the right hand to be waning
against the left, instead of warding a blow aimed
by an enemy at the heart, as to expect the South
to divide on any essential point connected with
this subject, so vital to that section of the coun-
try. He was a native of a slaveholding State;
and was a southern man in feelings, affections,
and interests Hts interests were theie; his af-
fections weie there. What local prejudices he
had were there, and if ho had afty ambition be-
yond the grave, it was, that his bones might be
buried in that section of the country, where he
had been nurtured, raided, cherished, and hon-
ored.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIEE
REMARKS OF HON. H. EVERETT,
OF VERMOKT,
In the House op Representatives,
March 8, 1836.
Mr. EVERETT moved to recommit the bill
to the Committee of the Whole, with instructions
to report the following amendment:                         |
Ptnke out all after the enactm  clause, and insert the
following
That on account of the late destructive fire hi the city of
New York, on the 16th day of December last, the collector
of the port of New York is hereby authorized to t xlend to
all persons the time of payment of all duties seemed at that
port by bonds given before, and falling due on and after that
day, and to cancel sueh bonds; and in case such bonds have
been pud to refund the money «o paid out ot any money in
his hinds, upon tllur giving to said collector new bond-,
with one or more sureties, to the satisfaction ol said col- I
lector, for the t.ums of the former bonds, payable with in- |
terest, (after the time of pavment specified in such former
bond-,) at the rate of three per cent per annum, in equal
inst illmcnt!,, in one, tvv o, md three years fiom the said time
ot pi> mem, or in one \ e ir tiom sueh time ot piv ment with
out interest, at their election, winch new bonds shall be
pioceedcd with, in all respects, like other bonds taken by
collectors tor duties due to the United States, and shall
have the same lorce and validity.
Mr EVERETT said, though in favor of
granting relief to the sufferers, he could not bring
himself to vote for the bill in its present shape.
He thought it could not be sustained on principle,
and that the relief gtanted was too paitial in its
objects, and too limited in its effects. He was
aware, fiom the laige majority by which it was
ordei ed to be engrossed, that it would pass, unless
a substitute should be brought forward, which
should be acceptable to that majouty. With him
it was no longer an original question—it was no
longer a question of choice, but of preference.
The substitute offered was not what he would
have piesented, but had been made under the
necessity of the case. He had gone as far as he
could go to render it acceptable to the friends of
the bill, and offered it as an alternative. To them
he appealed, to say whether it would not be more
beneficial and more generally acceptable to the
commercial interest of New York, than the bill—
and of those opposed to any relief, he would ask
whether it was not less exceptionable in principle >
Mr E. said, I regret that I was not able to
obtain the floor before the gentleman from Rhode
Island. Sir, the tendency and effect of his re-
marks, I fear, have been to confirm the friends
of the bill in its support, and to prejudice the
House against the favorable reception of any
proposition whatever for an amendment. They
had been fatigued into an impatience for the
question. I have, however, some hope that the
amendment, as coming from one who is in favor
of granting substantial relief, offered in good
faith, and for no collateral purpose, may still be
deliberately considered. If the proposition should
be acceptable to the friends of the bill, they had
the majority—the power to pass it. I desire no
delay—if the motion prevails, the House can
immediately go into committee, report the amend-
ment, and take the final vote to-day. For one,
I hope they will sit out the question. Whatever
may be its fate, I hope the proposition will be
received in the spirit in which it is made.
An apology is perhaps due to the House for
not offering the amendment in committee or in
the House before the bill was engrossed. After
offering one unsuccessful amendment I concluded
to leave the bill to be shaped by its immediate
friends, trusting that amendments from distant
friends would be more heeded in a time of need
than at that time. Indeed, I did not suppose it
possible that the bill would pass in its present
shape. I have found myself mistaken; it has
passed by a majouty so large, that I even derive
some hope from the absolute security it gives of
their passing any bill that may give substantial
relief, that the substitute may be at least exam-
ined It is now offered as a substitute, to be
adopted entire; under the motion no amendment
could be proposed in committee, and when re-
ported to the House, good faith requires that I
should not support any amendment that would
render it less beneficial to the commercial in-
terests
By the bill it is left to the discretion of the
collector to extend the time of payment on the
old bonds, or to require new bonds; and to all,
who have sustained loss by the fire to the amount
of $1,000, an extension of credit is given of three,
four, and five years, without interest; and on the
bonds of all other debtors of six, nine, and
twelve months, with interest at five per cent.
The substitute proposes that new bonds, with
sufficient sureties, shall be taken in all cases. It
adopts the principle of the second section of the
bill, extending relief to all the debtors of the
Government on duty bonds; it considers the
calamity as affecting severely, directly or indi-
rectly, the entire class of importers who are
debtors for duties, and extends equally to all the
alternative of a ciedit of one, two, and three
years, with mteiest at three per cent., or of one
year without interest.
The pecuniary benefit, in addition to the con-
venience of the delay, which both bills confer no
