1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
24th Cono....1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
the debtors, is the amount of interest that is saved
to them by the terms of the credit. The amount
of bonds of debtors who have had property de-
stroyed to the value of $1,000, may be assumed
at....................*............$1,000,000
And of all others, at................2,700,000
Making, in the whole...........$3,700,000
A comparison of the effects of the bill and sub-
stitute will give the following result of the benefit
of a pecuniary character to the debtors.
By the bill, the debtors of the first class save the
interest at 6 per cent, on $1,000,000, equated
at four years.......................$240,000
While all the rest save the interest at 1
per cent, on $2,700,000, equated at nine
months............................   20,250
And this amount is a loss to the Treas-
ury ...............................260,250
By the substitute, the debtors save the
interest at 6 per cent, on $3,700,000
for one year.......................222,000
Difference....................... $38,250
This difference did not enter into the motive
of offering the amendment, yet it will not render
it the less acceptable to those who are opposed
to the bill. One feature is common to both the
bill and the substitute; both place those who
have paid their bonds since the fire on the same
footing.
One objection to the principle of the bill is, that
it is in part founded on mere charitable consider-
ations. The relief granted cannot to its full ex-
tent be sustained on any other principle than that
of'gratuity. The bill provides that those who
.have lost property by the fire to the amount of
$1,000, shall be entitled to an extension of pay-
ment of three, four, or five years, without interest
on all their bonds, whatever may be the amount.
.The interest saved is equal to twenty-four per
cent., (compared with New York interest of
iwenty-eight per cent.) The amount of the ben-
efit received bears no relation to the amount of
Íproperty destroyed. I regret that we are not
ürnished with a statement of the bonds and of
the losses. We should then have been relieved
/rom the necessity of reasoning from hypothetical
eases. But it is obvious from this want of analogy
between the losses sustained and the relief granted,
what must be the effect of this provision. In
many cases the sufferers are not only indemnified
for their actual losses, but will receive large gratu-
ities over and above the indemnity. I will illus-
trate1 the principle in a case when the loss is $1,000
And the bonds $50,000.
The twenty-four per cent, gained on this sum
is..................................$12,000
Deduct for the actual loss..............    1,000
Gratuity............................$11,000
And the moment * *- bill passes, you will have
put into the pockets if individuals gratuities of
five, ten, fifteen, and perhaps $20,000 each. In-
stead of sufferers, they become gainers by the fire.
The only principle on which I can sustain the
bill in any shape is that of strict public interest.
I lay out of the principle every motive of charity.
It, however, is no objection that the course which
interest dictates should produce benevolent results.
We stand in the relation of a creditor, and if you
please, of a hard-hearted creditor, seeking solely
our own interests.    We have revenue due, and
.revenue accruing; and both are put at hazard by
the calamity that has befallen the city of New
York. Our object is to secure both with the
least loss possible.
One object is to secure the payment of the duties
that have already accrued.   The bill leaves it to
.the discretion of the collector to demand further
security, or to extend the payment on the old
■ bonds. The substitute requires new bonds in all
cases, and thus guards against the loss that may
arise from the inadvertence or neglect of the col-
lector. The consideration of additional security
does not apply to all the provisions of either the
bill or the substitute. The extension of credit to
debtors, and a new credit to those who have paid
(heir bonds, «re directed to be given: the real
character of both is a loan. The principle of ob-
taining better security applies only to doubtful
debts. I do not consider the substitute as deriving
much aid from this principle, or from a reference
to the situation of particular debtors, but that it
can only be supported by considerations of a more
general character.
The calamity of the 16th December affected
all the debtors of the Government. Such are the
varied intimate relations of debtor and creditor
in a commercial city, no great calamity can fall
on a large class of men that does not severely
affect the whole. The sudden destruction of a
large amount of active capital .would create a
general pressure on the entire commerce, partic-
ularly distressing to those who are debtors, and
also on those who stand in the double relation of
debtor and creditor. All merchants in active
business must feel the pressure, and none more
than the importers who are debtors to the Gov-
ernment. No line of distinction can be drawn.
The fire may make the immediate sufferer a bank-
rupt. His bankruptcy may draw after it that of
his creditor. Trace out the connection, and then
attempt to draw the line between those debtors of
the Government who have suffered, and those
who have not. An immense cap-tal has been
suddenly withdrawn; all the debtors of the Gov-
ernment feel the pressure; and the relief, to be
effectual, should be as general as the effect of the
calamity, so far as it may affect the future reve-
nue of the Government, through the embarrass-
ment of its debtors; and that the substitute pro-
poses to do, by extending to all the same measure
of delay; and this for the sole purpose to enable
all to continue their usual extent of importations.
In order to insure a future supply of revenue, in
the character of an extension of credit and of
loans, the capital destroyed is temporarily re-
placed. *
On what terms this capital should be replaced,
is a. mere question of public interest. In view of
the future revenue, we may be considered as
standing in the relation of a landlord to his
tenants, who have been visited by a calamity,
which directly or indirectly causes general em-
barrassment, by which the rent due and accruing
is put at hazard. We are then called upon by
the motive of interest, and by interest alone, to
give such relief as will enable them not only to
pay what is due, but to carry on their farms and
pay the rent for the year to come. We have the
means—we are under no necessity of calling the
money immediately out of the hands of our
debtors. On what terms, then, shall the relief
be granted. What will best secure the great
objects in view, the future revenue of the Govern-
ment. This is the issue between the bill and the
substitute.
The bill divides the debtors of the Government
into two classes; those who have suffered a loss
of property by the fire, whether insured or not,
to the amount of $1,000, and those who have not
lost anything, or not to that amount. To the first
class, constituting, in amount, only one fourth
of the debtors, a pecuniary benefit of $240,000;
while to the other class, constituting three fourths
in amount, it only gives $19,500. The accom-
modation to the first as a convenience of time,
three, four, and five years is given; to the others
only six, nine, and twelve months. The bill
establishes a criterion, by which it determines
who shall be deemed sufferer ; but preserves no
analogy between that criterion and the relief it
grants. The substitute distributes among all the
debtors a pecuniary benefit of $222,000. The
accommodation of time given by the bill to the
first class, is three, four, and five years, where
only six, nine, and twelve months is given to the
second.
The bill establishes an arbitrary criterion, by
which it determines who shall be deemed suf-
ferers, and with equal absurdity preserves no
analogy between that criterion, and the relief
granted. It determines that all who have lost
property by the fire, whether insured or not to
the amount of $1,000, shall be entitled, as suf-
ferers—to what ? To a credit of three, four, and
five years, without interest. For the loss of
.$1,000 a gift is made equal to twenty-four per
cent, on tie whole amount of bonds, whatever
may be their amount; while on all cases of loss
under that sum only three fourths of one per
cent, is allowed. The substitute proposes no
criterion, for the obvious reason that no satis-
factory criterion can be established. It proposes
to give a general and equal measure of relief to
all, more moderate in extent, but more generally
beneficial. To the relief as proposed, and on the
principle of loans, I think no constitutional ob-
jection can be made; and I repeat, the terms
must depend on our views of public interest.
The substitute is not what I should have origin-
ally proposed, but such as I prefer to the bill as
engrossed, and which I foresee will pasa, unless
that or some other.substitute shall be acceptable
to the majority. They have the power to pass
either. The friends of the bill are certain of
their majority. The opponents of the bill gen-
erally would not vote for the substitute as an
original proposition; but I would ask them to
consider which of the two is to be preferred, and
how they can, without inconsistency, vote to
adopt the substitute, and yet vote against the ulti-
mate passageof the bill. They may select between
two propositions, and yet vote against either.
There is one other view in which I wish to pre 
sent this subject to the friends of the bill—to the
friends of the sufferers by the fire. I will submit
to them the consideration, whether the passage of
the bill, in its present shape, wil¡ not prejudice—
whether it may not defeat the passage of a future
bill for the remission of the duties, secured on
goods that were destroyed by the fire. In my
judgment such will be the effect; and here I
ought, perhaps, to set myself right before the
House. I find that on the bill for the relief of the
Messrs. Bangs for relinquishing duties on goods
in the original package destroyed by fire, I voted
in the negative. Since this discussion came on;
I have reexamined the principles of that case. I
am satisfied that my vote was wrong. The rea*
sons which induced that vote had passed my
mind; but the principal one has been recalled by
an argument on this bill. It was then, as now,
admitted that duties on imports were intended as
a tax on the consumer; that if destroyed at sea,
at the wharf, or while in the custody of the offi-
cers of the Government, in conformity with the
general principle, no duties could be claimed.
They did not go into the consumption of the
country; other goods must be imported to sup-
ply their place, on which duties would accrue;
and the Government lost nothing. Yet.it was
said, when the owner took the goods into his
own custody, they were at his own risk, and the
Government ought not to be placed in the light
of an insurer. It was said that the owner might
insure, and that to him the loss was the conse-
quence of his own neglect; and it was asked, by
way of illustration, whether, if indemnified by
insurance, he should pocket the duties. The
argument denies the principle that duties are a
tax on the consumer; the illustration takes it for
granted that the insurer has no rights—that the
remission could, in no event, inure to his benefit.
But as to this question, the insurer stands in the
place of the insured. Take the case of an insur-
ance of $4,000 on the value of the goods, and
$1,000 to cover the duties; or, what is the same
thing, of $5,000 on the value of the goods, in-
cluding the duties. The goods are destroyed;
and before the insurer is called on,.the duties are
remitted. The insurance is a mere contract of
indemnity; and the value insured, leas the amount
of duties, only could be recovered.
Nor is the case changed in principle by the
point of time when the duties are remitted; if
the whole amount of the insurance were paid be-
fore the duties were remitted, the money, when
remitted, would belong to the insurer. This prin-
ciple is familiar in the case of indemnity for for-
eign spoliations. The Government is not, then,
called on to stand as an insurer; the only ques-
tion is, whether the goods have gone into eon-
sumption. The principle is general; but the
danger of fraud requires it to be restricted to
goods destroyed in the original package. Being
thus in favor of the remission of the duties, lam
unwilling to vote for a bill which, in my opinion,
would and ought io defeat that claim; and why ?
This bill is solicited by those who niay hereafter
claim the remission; it grants to them1  pecuniary
benefit pf twenty ;fo.ur per cent, on all fheir bonds.
