1836.]
APPENDIX TO THR C0N0RESSÍONA1* GLQB£.
155
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Additional Paymasters—Mr. Mann, of New York.
Hq. qf Reps.
Territory beyond the boundaries of Ohio; and
this is all that Ohio now wishes to be done.
The people of Ohio will not, I know they will
not, endanger the peace and safety of the country
by an attempt to prevent the operation of an act
of Congress by force. They have already had
too many evidences of the justice as well as the
liberality of Congress, to believe that this will
ever be necessary. But this disposition on the
part of Ohio, the forbearance of her citizens,
will not, J hope, be construed into an abandon-
ment of their rights, or a dullness in compre-
hending them. Let it be remembered that Ohio
has claimed jurisdiction of the country in contest
between the State and Michigan as her undoubted
right, being included in her constitutional limits;
nothing short of a recognition of this principle
will satisfy her people; and it would be an act of
humiliation to the State, to give to her territory
to which she has- not a constitutional right, as
an act of law, of equity, or political expediency.
Sir, there are situations and circumstances under
which an honorable mind would recoil in accept-
ing what is unquestionably his own. So with
States and nations. The money due us from the
French nation could be obtained from that Gov-
ernment by making acknowledgments for an act
done, which was clearly proper; and does not
every American heart spurn its reception on such
terms ? And that, too, for the plain and simple
reason that it is our just due by compact, and
justice and good faith require its payment.
Suppose, sir, you give Ohio the boundary
claimed by the State, on the score of political ex-
pediency, will it not be expected that Ohio, under
this obligation, will, on the score of political
expediency, be also bound to favor die political
views at least of the donors, for this favor, thus
gratuitously bestowed? It may bethought that
the smallest return she could make would be to
act with or for you in future elections, if it should
be at the expense of her honor, as well as consti-
tutional rights. It will be an entire mistake if
you expect to conciliate the favor of the people
of Ohio by letting them know that their constitu-
tion gave them no such right, but that the same
has been granted out of your abundant favor and
goodwill, and as an act of grace. Sir, is not this
the language you hold to Ohio when you talk of
political justice and expediency? Ohio, I am
fully persuaded, will never so far humble herself
as to acknowledge such a principle. It will prob-
ably not be insisted on that this bestowment is a
mere act of political justice and expediency alone,
but that you will give her the territory contained
in her constitutional limits as a matter of law.
Pray, sir, what laws are to be yet enacted, or are
already in force? I doubt the power of Congress,
and 1 doubt the capability of my State, to receive
any extension of her constitutional boundary by
the mere operation of any act of this Government.
If the territory of a State can be enlarged by act
of Congress, why, by virtue of the same power,
cannot it be diminished ? If such power is vested
in Congress by virtue of the Constitution of the
United States, then indeed is State sovereignty a
solemn mockery. The most that could be done
in a case of this kind would be by an act of Con-
.gress, approved and ratified by a convention of
the people of a State, elected for that purpose, with
power to amend the constitution in this particular.
If Ohio is to rest upon existing law for the
maintenance of her rights, we should be glad to
know what particular law is relied on. If the
constitution of Ohio is intended, we thank you
for your justice, and would be gratified to have
it so expressed: if you mean an act of Congress
has given it us without our consent to such act,
properly obtained, we are still at a misunder-
standing.
But suppose Ohio obtains her claim as an act
of sheer justice, we would be happy to know
upon what principle this act is founded, or from
what fountain it springs. Is it drawn from the
power of Congress, or does it naturally flow from
our rights? It is true we ask for nothing but
justice—naked, simple justice; but we ask that
not as an abstract principle, but as our undeniable
right. It seems strange, at least to me, that we
should feel so much disposed to assail the con-
stitution of the State, and constantly looking
after some principle by which we can, with some
degree of plausibility, claim the honor of adding
to Ohio a strip of territory, which we would
make her citizens believe the constitution of the
State had not secured to them; when, if we would
look directly to that instrument, and make it the
man of our choice, we would find it sufficient for
our purpose, and there written all that we ask
for. Ohio expects this of her own representatives
here, at least. But suppose that, after all we
have said and done on this subject, Ohio, with
more than her million of inhabitants, has been,
and is still, mistaken in this matter, that mistake
has grown with her growth, and strengthened
with her strength; for the last General Assembly,
with but one dissenting vote, resolved that the
northern boundary of the State is, by a direct
line running from the southern extreme of Lake
Michigan to the most northerly cape of the
Miami bay, thence northeast to the territorial
line. If it can for a moment be supposed that a
mistake thus exists, it must, in the first instance,
be imputed to a want of correct understanding
in the people of Ohio as it respects their own
constitution as to the extent and boundaries of
the State; and that the legislative body is equally
uninformed. I hope we are not prepared to offer
this biting compliment to the intelligent.citizens
of that State, by giving them, as an act of polit-
ical justice and expediency, that which they uni-
formly, and from the first, claimed as their con-
stitutional right, but with which the acts of
Congress have improvidently interfered.
But if it was the intention of Congress, as well
as the people of Ohio, that the northern bound-
ary of the State should be where it is claimed on
the part of Ohio, and if a mistake as to the actual
fact existed in the passage of the act of Congress
to enable the people to form a State government,
that mistake ought, at once, to be rectified, and
Congress do that now which was originally in-
tended to be done; and a declaratory act is all
that is necessary on the subject; and there can
be no question of expediency involved that ought
to induce a different action. The east and west
line, drawn through the southern extreme of
Lake Michigan, never was, in fact, the northern
boundary of Ohio, nor could it ever have been
intended by Congress that the State should be
cut off from Lake Erie at any point, after her
northern line had touched the border of that
water, or that the jurisdiction of the State should
¡ not extend to the territorial line in the center of
1 that lake. Yet such would be the case; and a
i considerable portion of her territory, in the north-
east part of the State, would be without its juris-
diction; and, in fact, without government or law
of any kind, if the line contended for, on the part
of Michigan, be, in truth, the northern boundary
of Ohio.
It is a well settled principle that compacts in
part exist, as the parties understood and intended
at the time of making such contract, and are to
be so carried into effect. This principle, I pre-
sume, will not be denied in any case. If we
apply it to the Ohio boundary question, I can say
with much confidence—though young at that
time—that not a single individual then in the
boundary of the new State, about to be formed
by virtue of the act of Congress of 1802, would
have accepted the provisions of that act or formed
a convention under it, had they not fully believed
that the line contemplated by that act would not
have intersected the territorial line at or near the
mouth of the Detroit river; much less would
they have been willing to accept the provisions
of the act I have mentioned with a knowledge
that the line would be found where it actually is.
Nor would a single citizen of Ohio be now found
of a different opinion, were the question at this
moment an original one. And I am equally clear
in opinion that Congress would never have passed
the act with the line as therein contained, and
with a full knowledge that the new State about
to be formed would, by the letter of that act, be
excluded from the margin of the lake at any
point after the intersection of that line with its
waters, because such an act would be contrary
to all former proceedings of Congress in their
views with regard to new States.
Suppose you pass the act in its present form,
which imports on its face to be a mere gratuity
on the part of Congress, and you place it on the
ground of political justice and expediency, I
should be glad to know what will prevent a
future Congress from again reviewing this ques-
tion, and at a time when it may be thought polit-
ital justice and expediency requires its repeal ?
Are the boundaries of a sovereign State to depend
on the fluctuating legislation of Congress? This
doctrine of depending exclusively on an act of
Congress for their boundary will not satisfy the
people of Ohio. They will require something
more permanent; and they will not cease in their
endeavors until Congress withdraws all jurisdic-
tion, foreign to their constitution and laws, north
of a direct line drawn from the most southerly
extreme of Lake Michigan to the most northerly
cape of the Miami bay; and thus recognizing the
jurisdiction of the State under the provisions of
their own constitution, and which they are fully
satisfied no power on earth but themselves has
any right to alter, abridge, or restrain in a single
jot or tittle.
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS.
REMARKS OF HON. A. MANN, Jr.,
OF NEW YORK,
Ik the House of Representatives,
March 10, 1836,
In the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
upon the amendments of the Senate to the bill to provide
for paying the Militia and Volunteers called into the ser-
vice of the United States.
[One of these amendments provides for the appointment
of three additional permanent paymasters in the Army.]
Mr. MANN said: That the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Johnson] had well remarked that this was not a
new proposition in the House. True, sir, (said
Mr. M.,) to many of us it is an old acquaintance
here. The honorable member, who had so long
served the country, had not neglected to reporta
bill upon the subject for the time he (Mr. M.)
had served here. The head of the bureau of the
pay department had not, Mr. M. believed, neg-
lected his duty in soliciting its passage; and we
are now informed that he is a high and honorable
man. Be it so, Mr. Chairman. Does this fur-
nish a good reason for the passage of this bill to
create these three new offices in addition to the
present list of Army—I will not say sinecures?
The heads of the military bureau stationed at
Washington, were not backward in recommend-
ing additional force to their respective corps; and
the kindness of heart for which the honorable
chairman of the committee is so distinguished,
leads him toyield to their solicitations sometimes,
Mr. M. feared, without that full consideration and
investigation which the questions demand.
The honorable gentleman had reported bills to
increase the corps of military and civil engineers,
the corps of topographical engineers, and per-
haps, as is usual in such bills, " to regulate"
(which, in nautical and military language, I find,
means to increase) their pay, and to provide
clerks and servants to do the business. These
bills are also introduced with the pressing recom-
mendation of those distinguished military heads
of the respective bureaus over which they preside,
appendant to the Department of War; and we
shall be told that they are also " honorable men,"
and therefore we should pass their bills; that the
topography and internal improvements of the
country cannot move onward, unless placu are
provided for those supernumerary " promising
youths" who are annually ingrafted upon the
stock of the military aristocracy of the country
by the aid of the Military Academy at West
Point. These young gentlemen, *' more favored
of Heaven than the rest of their kind," roust be
provided for at the "public crib," through the
instrumentality of these overshadowing bureaus,
and sent beyond the mountains to teach the
farmers and the hardy yeomanry there how to
make roads scientifically. Yes, sir, and how to
vote wisely and properly. It is said, by some
gentlemen, that they have not neglected this latter
branch of their business so much as to subject
them to the censures of their superiors; but that
the road-makers have sometimes manifested such
a disposition to mutiny that those «' booted and
spurred" teachers of scientific road-making have
