156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Additional Paymasters—Mr. Dunlap.
Ho. of Reps.
(to use a w estern phrase)   been found missing |
No«, sir, (siiJ Mr M ,) me we under the au-
spicious influence of the honorable chanmaii and
the honorable generals stationed in the military
bureaus appuittnint to the Department of War,
n stead of the posts on the frontier, to go on
incicasi <rthi officers of the Army, and regulating
(incrt.as.ns:) then pay and allowances' Is it not
time we should hi sítate and investigate more
thoroughly the íeal and actual necessities of these
demand' Foione.Mr Chairman, I must decline
coins any further until I have moie data to show
roe that the interests of the countiy requne our
compliance
Mortour, sir, I am opposed, upon principle,
to uniting the administration of mere ministerial
and civil"dutits with military duties in the same
hind ., jet who can shut his eyes to the fact,
that the officers of the Army, since the reduction
in 1821, ha\e gradually become possessed (per-
haps without fault of theirs) of the administration
of a la-ge share of the civil and ministerial duties
of the country' Who disburses the vast annual
appropriations of the public revenues' Who has
the direction and application of the revenues
annually applied to the improvement of the
countrv' Is it not mainly in the hands of the
military power, divided and subdivided «'into
detail," as they express it' Are these officers
accountable to the people, or identified with them
in feehn , to the extent necessary to a harmo-
nious action' Many of them, sir, I believe, are
of great worth, and deserve the confidence they
enjoy, and the approbation they receive. These
must, perhaps, be considered honorable excep-
tions, rather than as the basis of a general rule.
The union of the military and civil powers should,
however, always be regarded with jealousy, and
resisted in its incipient progress. Some of the
military bureaus, as they now exist, therefoie,
should, in my opinion, be placed upon a civil
footins, and the " brevets," with which they are
now fi'led, should be lopped off as a useless ap-
pendage, not in accordance with the spirit of our
rivil institutions I know, sir, that there is not
much "ma name," and I have learned here that
' names are not things," yet the propriety and
faith of history would always induce me to en-
deavor to have names indicate what things were
meant by them.
Sir, the gathering of these bureaus, so near the
public crib, serves, at least, to remind common
peopleof the tendencies of our nature; and some,
who have been inclined to tolerate them as inci-
dents to the Government, begin to apprehend that
the incidents may become the principals. I en-
tertain, sir, (said Mr. M.,) a high and habitual
respect for military service in its proper sphere,
defending the country in the field, protecting our '
hardy and enterprising inhabitants upon the fron- ¡
tier, and would reward it liberally by pecuniary I
Crovisions, and the meed of public approbation,
ut that respect is much impaired when I see
those military and chivalrous men withdrawing
from their proper sphere into the cloisters of the
Government, seeking civil employments under
military garments, and receiv ng sinecure and
patriotism money in exchange for the higher and
nobler rewards of military service.    But, Mr.
Chairman, (said Mr. M.,) I find myself digress-
ing too far from the immediate question.   The
honorable gentleman  from   Kentucky had  in-
formed us that there was no immediate necessity
for passing this amendment in order to pay the
troops now in service in Florida, and that he
himself would not vote for the provision for this
purpose; and therefore he opposes the amend-
ment moved by the honorable gentleman fiom
Tennessee [Mr. Cave Johnson] to limit this pro-
yision to one year.    I cannot (said Mr. M.) see
the necessity of these three additional paymasters
from any data now before me.    It is perceptible,
by this time, that I do not put such unqualified
confidence in these brevet heads of bureaus as
the   honorable chairman on   Military Affairs.
This may be my misfortune—perhaps my fault.
Thereare continual callsforan increase of these
officers.    Beat in mind, however, that there are
now, sir, six hundied und seventy-one commis-
sioned officers belonging to the Army of about
six thousand men, or one commissioned officer
for about nine men, forming what is called a I
"nucleus," around which an army could be
gathered, if occasion should ever lequirc. Now,
sir, (said Mr M ,) I am not, for one, disposed
to enlarge tins " nucleus" of officers, as now or-
ganized, without commands or men, or much
active service, lest it should become an " incu-
bus" upon the body-politic, which, in medical
phrase, might require " excision " There are
now fourteen paymasters belonging to the peace
establishment, besides one stationed permanently
at West Point, who must be burdened with an
onerous and responsible duty, judging fiomthe
amount of disbuisements there The Paymaster
General wishes three moie,and believs they are
necessary, and would be useful by making more
prompt payments to the troops.
Now, sir, I am informed by a military officer,
who has belonged to the service more than
twenty-five years, that a less number of pay-
masters could perform the duty with more punc-
tuality and dispatch, if they were properly sta-
tioned. The evil existing, theiefore, is not in a
want of sufficient number of officers, but in a
disposition (a very natural one, I admit) of those
we have to desire the advantages and pleasures
of civil and domestic life while enioying the
rewards and honors of military office. The
remedies for this evil, I believe, therefoie, (said
Mr. M.,) are in the hands of the worthy head
of the pay department, and he has nothing to
do but apply them. A paymaster should, I
believe, be stationed at the general headquarters
of each regiment of infantry, and of the regiment
of dragoons, and at some central post of each
regiment of artillery, instead of the cities and
towns, where I am informed that most of them
are now quartered, and sometimes more than one
in the same time.
Sir, (said Mr. M ,) in every point of view
which I am enabled to take of this question, so
unexpectedly presented to me at this time, I can-
not discover any actual necessity for the adop-
tion of the amendment of the Senate, and I there-
fore hope it will be rejected.
Lest it may be supposed (said Mr. M ) that
I am unfuendly to the Army generally, from the
tenor of my remarks upon this question, I take
leave to disclaim all such feelings; but I admit
freely that I fear that great abuses have crept
¡ into its administration Such, I am confident, is
j the belief of some of its best and most experi-
enced officers. I would, sir, if it were in my
power, correct these; and I am confident it must
be done, or the sense of the American people
will ere long overwhelm the establishment. The
very fact that this provision comes by way of
amendment and rider from the Senate shows that
those who propose it are fearful of its fate when
sepai ated from its yokefellow.
[Mr R. M. Johnson, thechairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, replied at length ]
Mr. MANN rejoined, that he felt constrained,
in justice both to the honorable gentleman and
himself, to say a word by way of rejoindei. He
I had been greatly misunderstood, or he had mis-
I represented the honorable member. Mr. M. did
¡ understand the honorable chairman to say that
I he did not urge the adoption of this provision as
necessary to the service in Honda, and he be-
lieved he understood himcouectly; but the hon-
I oiable gentleman now appeals to mo in behalf of
oui bleeding countrymen; our defenseless fion-
tiei, our women and children exposed to the
relentless tomahawk of savage war Thisappeal,
sir, would be effectual and well in the proper
place, but not aftei the admissions made by my
honorablefnend. The honorable gentleman com-
plains that 1 attack all the recommendations of
I the Committee on Military Affairs. In this, sir,
he does me injustice. I do not condemn indis-
criminately Some—yes, many of the recom-
mendations of that committee have íeceived and
will receive my warmest suppoit; others I can-
not approbate. I am obliged, sir, to scrutinize
the recommendations of the honorable gentle-
man with some care, because I know that he
possesses so much of the milk of human kind-
ness in his "gentle nature," that it is hardly
possible for him to resist the personal importu-
nities of his friends, to which he is constantly
exposed, and which impels him onward, uncon-
sciously forgetting for the moment, under the
impulses of his generous feeling, the rights and
interests of those masses of our fellow men scat-
tered over the surface of our wide country, al-
ternately submitting to and contending with'the
curse of Heaven, which dooms them °o till the
ground for their daily food. I wish only to re-
mind my honorable friend that all the revenues
which Governments íeceive are obtained either
directly or indirectly from the labors of this class,
and that this consideration should never be lost
sight of while we are acting as their Represent-
atives.
Again, my honorable friend supposes that I
am ungenerous with high and honorable officers
stationed here I have not intended to be so, sir,
but I must tell the honorable member that I do
believe that these officeis prefer to make cam-
paigns to Washington, in preference to our ex-
posed and defenseless frontier, which he bnn s
to our view in such eloquent and feeling language.
At all events, they find it, in the course of duty,
to be here, either in station or in the propel dis-
charge of duty. Their wants are not limited by
the scale of civil life; but I shall have another
and more appropriate occasion to comment upon
the items of their allowances. Many of them
now have both hands in your Treasury at once,
while one at a time, in my opinion, would suffice,
in these " piping times of peace," for any ordi-
nary cupidity. I am confident that if my honor-
able friend had investigated this question upon
both sides, he would have come to a different
result. There are, sir, I peiceive, fifty-three
military posts, besides thirteen arsenals, belong-
ing to the United States—less than five for each
paymaster. With the facilities now afforded for
traveling, I am a little surprised that the worthy
officer at the head of the pay department should
have made himself believe that this pro vision was
in any manner necessary.
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS.
REMARKS OF HON. W. C. DUNLAP,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
March 10, 1836,
On the bill for paying the Troops and Volunteers received
into the service of the United States, the question pend-
ing being the amendment of the Senate providing for the
appointment of two additional Paymasters
Mr. DUNLAP said: The House must now
see the situation in which it was placed by the
amendment of the Senate to this appropriation
bill. He would venture to assert that there was
not half a dozen members who knew what they
were voting for when they voted to suspend the
rules of the House, and postpone the special
orders of the day, to take up this bill. He was
warranted in this assertion fiom the vote just
taken on the motion made by himself to take up
the Tennessee land bill. He had not complained
at the House for that vote; he knew well the
reasons that induced the gentlemen to give the
votes they did. The special oiders contain two
bills that the necessity of the Government re-
quired the action of this House upon immediately.
As to the other bills included in the special order,
there was not that necessity for immediate action.
Although the House refused to suspend the rules
to take up the bill in which his State and constit-
uents weie so much interested, we find ourselves
voting for a suspension of the rules to take up a
bill to increase the number of paymasters. Sir,
would any member on this floor have given such
a vote if he had known for what he was voting?
How inconsistent must he have been to vote to
postpone the Navy and fortification bills, since
we have so often been told the public service is
suffering for the want of money to be appropri-
ated by those bills, and to take up a bill to in-
crease the number of paymasters' Mr. D. said
the House had voted for the caption of the bill
without any knowledge of what amendments had
been offered by the other branch of the Legisla-
ture. The House believed they were voting to
take up a bill " foi the payment of volunteer and
militia corps in the service of the United States
The bill had passed this House without any op-
position. There was not a member that would
for one moment withhold from that gallant band
