1836,]
APPiENIMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Additional Paymasters—Mr. Johnson,
Ha. oí Reps.
of soldiers now engaged in the service of the Uni- \
tea States in Florida, in putting an end to the ¡
cruel and savage war of the Seminole Indians. <
Mr. D. said, in what situation are we who ara
opposed to the increase of paymasters ? We are
liable to be charged with opposing the bill appro-
priating money to pay the gallant sons of the
South, who did not wait, when their country
needed their services, to be drafted; but, sir, the
only draft was, who should stay at home. All,
yes, all were ready, willing, and anxious to go
and fight the battles of their country. He, for
one, was unwilling to be placed in such a situa-
tion. If this manner of legislation is adopted, of
putting measures of a different character in the
same bill, what will be our situation ? Sir, take,
for example, the case now before the House.
Suppose a majority of this House shall be op-
posed to increase the number of paymasters, and
non-concur in the Senate's amendment, and the
-Senate should refuse to recede from their amend-
ment: the House will be compelled either to lose
the bill, aa the fortification bill was lost last ses-
sion, or aeree to increase the number of pay-
masters. Mr. D. said he was utterly opposed to
aueh a practice of legislation. It was unparlia-
mentary, and the House should unanimously
refuse to adopt such a principle. Mr. D. said,
as to the amendment, he desired that its merits
«tight be considered when the bill of this House
on that subject came up, and also the bills to in-
crease the engineer and topographical corps. It
would seem strange to hie constituents that four-
teen men were not sufficient to pay quarterly six
thousand men what the Government owed them.
It was certainly strange" to him, if tbey could not
each pay leas than five hundred men, although
they were stationed over a large tract of country.
The facilities of traveling were now very great;
-much, more so than in 1821, when fourteen pay-
masters were considered sufficient.
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS.
REMARKS OF HON. R. M.JOHNSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In thb Horn  or Representatives,
March 10, 1836,
la toe Committee of the Whole, on the question of agree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate to the bill from
Ike House, pnmdLn; for the payment of Volunteer  and
Militia in the «ervice of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON observed that, as chairman of
the Military Committee, it became bia duty to
explain the (natter in question by a simple state-
ment Of the facta connected with the bill and the
amendments. He was reluctant to intrude upon
the time of the committee by any remarks of his;
but the views of the War Department  of the
■chief of the pay department, and of the Military
Committee, which were in perfect coincidence,
ought to be known to every member before
giving his vote.
The bill (said he) provides that the militia,
when called into actual service, shall reeeive-the
same pay as the regular Army, and that the
widows of such as may die in the service shall
receive five years' half pay, and that the widows
of such as shall perish in the regular service shall
also receive five years' half pay. This bill passed
the House, and was sent to the Senate.
Another bill has been reported by the Military
Committee, providing for the appointment of
three additional paymasters to the Army, but it
Juts not yet been acted upon by the House.
The bill which passed the House has bees
taken up by the Senate, and amended by adding
to it the other bill for the appointment of three
additional paymasters, and in that form returned
to the House for its concurrence. The hill, then,
as returned from the Senate, presents to us the
two bills amalgamated, one of which has already
bees passed by the House, the other matured by
the committee, but not yet acted upon by the
House. Though tbe committee of the House
reported two bills to effect tbe object of the one
bill a* amended, tbe Senate did notdiseover such
• want of relation between the two as to render
it improper to embrace the whole subject in one
bill. The whole is strictly military. It specifies
«be aUowmnee to b* made for n*iU¡arjr temen,
and it provides for a suflicient increase of the
number of disbursing officers to carry this, to-
gether with the preexisting laws, into effect.
There is in it nothing of that complexity calcu-
lated to produce confusipn; nothing novel or
anomalous. The object of a law is lost without
the means of carrying it into effect-, and the Pay-
master General,knowing, from practical demon-
stration, the immediate necessity of the measure,
requested the amendment to be made by the
Senate. The committee of the Senate gave to
the subject the same investigation which the com-
mittee of the House had done, and arrived at
the same conclusion. They incorporated, as an
amendment, the same bill,"verbatim, which had.
been reported by the Military Committee to the
House. The Senate adopted the amendment, and
askad the concurrence of the House. Their ob-
ject appears to have been, not to counteract the
views of the House, but to further them, by so
accelerating the business as to give efficacy to the
measure at the moment when our bleeding coun-
try feels its necessity.
It is objected by gentlemen that we have already
fourteen paymasters—a number quite sufficient
for the payment of an army of but six or seven
thousand men. The argument seems specious,
and it is admitted that half the number would be
amply sufficient for a much larger army, if they
were consolidated at one, two, or three stations.
But the labor imposed on the paymaster is not
proportioned to the number of troops, as the
gentleman would seem to intimate. It is propor-
tioned to the scattered situation, and the remote-
ness from each other of the stations occupied by
the troops. It requires as much time and labor
for a paymaster to perform ft journey of five hun-
dred miles to pay three companies at three differ-
ent stations, as it would to pay three regiments
of a thousand men «ash, at one station. The
present number of paymasters was fixed in 1821,
when the number of military stations was much
less than what tbey areai this time; and, even then,
some of our troops, occupying distant posts, were
kept out of their pay for more than six months
together, and in some instances reduced to a state
of actual suffering, in time of peace, for want of
proper facilities to give them their pay according
to law. Our military stations are now greatly
extended in their distance, and multiplied in their
number. They are spread along our maritime
frontier from Eastport, in Maine, to Florida and
New Orleans, in the South; and upon our western
frontier, from the Bed river, along the western
border of Arkansas, Missouri, and on the Upper
Mississippi, to Green Bay and Mackinac, in tbe
North, embracing the whole circumference of the
United States, and farming a circuit of ten thou-
sand miles. The whole of this circuit must be
traversed once every three months by paymasters,
or the troops cannot receive their compensation
according to the terras of tbe law under which
they enter the service. It is required of each pay-
master to prepare pay-rolls, visit every station
within his district, pay each person his due, and
make hit return, properly authenticated, to the
paymaster general for adjudication once in every
three months. The labor ha  been found to be
physically impracticable. Olfieera and privates
in Florida, the seat of recent slaughter, have been
deprived of their pay for more than six months
together; and it has been stated that the volun-
teers who acted so gallant a part in the Black
Hawk war, did not, in many instances, receive
their fay for more thai) a year after their services
terminated. In these cases thefaulti  not a*erib>
able to tbe disbursing officers, nor to the Oeportr
ment, but to tbe want of a wtmetent number oí
paymasters to perform tbe service, Am this the
treatment which our heroic Army merits from
tbe nation which it defends ?
Gentlemen now caU far proof of th* correct-
ness of the statement. They desire «tab «rideaca
a* shall satisfy- them that line-present nuiübaf is
inadequate to the service. It is not poeatblft 
sir, to subject this to the roles of mathematieaJ
demonstration, because it is nota proposition of
that natura. But we have sufficient evidence to
satisfy the mqst iaciwdulous mind  if credit it doe
to tb  asseveration of disinterested men Of the
highest honor and trust. The measure is recom-
mended by titt Pre«daat*whois not utterly igno-
rant of what is necessary to perfect our military
establishment. It is recommended by the Secre-
tary of War, who is not unacquainted with the
wants of his Department. It is earnestly recom-
mended by General Towson, the Paymaster Gen-
eral, who alleges the impossibility of punctuality
in paying the Army promptly with the present
number of paymasters; and it is long experience
which has demonstrated to him the truth of the
proposition. His veracity is unimpeached and
unimpeachable. His character, both as a man
and as an officer, will stand every scrutiny. He
has no end to answer, in this request, but his
country's good; and if any other temptation could
present itself, no person would suspect him capa-
ble of yielding to it. With these authorities, I
ask no farther evidence of the necessity of the
measure proposed in the amendment. Without
it the Government cannot fulfill its stipulations,
to the Army. The money is provided; the ap-
propriation is made; the service is performed;,
but for want of a sufficient number of paymas-
ters, the heroic band is defrauded of its timely
dues; the officers and soldiers are reduced to suf-
fering, and the Treasury is not benefited one cent
by the delay. And is this true economy ? No,
sir, it is prodigality. Economy gives sufficient
aid to effect the entire object of appropriations.
The want of these means is alike destructive to
public and private credit, and must end in disas-
ters, which years of true economy cannot repair.
The tendency of any measure which has an
unjust bearing upon any class of citizens, what,
ever may be its present prospect, will always and
in misfortune. But if any one class merits prompt*
ncss in meting to them their stipend, it is the
Army. Their whole allowance is but a scanty
competence, They serve not their country for
money. They form a bulwark of defense around
us, and glory is their reward., Of this they have
surrounded themselves with a radiance as lasting
as the sunbeams, which the eye of envy can
never penetrate; and we cannot deprive them of
it. The complaints of officers occasionally visit*
ing'the seat of Government, whether on duty or
on furlough, cannot eclipse their ¿ory, nor pluck
one laurel from their brows. Their deeds of
chivalry during tbe late war have covered them
with immortal honors; «nd the character of those
who compose this Ijttle army for intelligence and
honor is unsurpassed by any-equal number in
creation. Why, then, withhold from them }heir
stipulated dues after tbey become, payable by
contract, for the trifling consideration of furnish-
ing a sufficient number of disbursing officers to
perform this service ?
This measure is but a branch of the system of
defense which the safety of our whole interior
frontier imperiously demands. The States bor-
dering upon, the «avaget are warranted in tbe
expectation of protection from the tomahawk and
scalping knife. The wan* of thie system has
already stained the watpreof «be. Upper Missis-
sippi, and-dejuged the Illinois with the blood of
innocence; and Florida is now bleeding under tbe
hand-of savage barbarity; when a small propor-
tion of the moneys which these «wo war  will
have coat, expended in perfecting the system of
which this measure is an .important branch,
would have prevented tbe catastrophe. The
same scenes will be reacted i«- Arkansas  in Mia-
aouri, ip our Northwestern TeirMory-, ,u 1w the
.whole w^^**^***^^ ^?%*fra
The destrucSoo-of n*W* valMable; 1hm,mí .the
js/Wrte-of W f ,n>M*>«9 of dallar , wdl he the
«artain «suit, thougb th* «W appr«priauan
•of ¿few hundred thousand 4ollar ,.appUed in
nwpar time, «ay ¡prawn* the ¿«aster ,
. -MOJKrHirtABdI4íiA.CDWTBSTEaiBIsK3TIGIT.
«¿MARKS 0¥ HON. A- P. MAURY,
,v ' /; O* TEÍllrtSSEB  ¡ ., ■
""■ < Ik *i  Ho**  «  RswutsMWAtaws*
.,                       JMarcfcK, 1836,
•• contested efceüon of Mr. .6*** .*   e P«  • ""*"*
mcmb«  from North Carolma.    ,
Mr.MAURY said he hoped the Hpase would
sotwake this subject tbe order of theday for any
¿¡VST #M proximate day; but that U would
