158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 12,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Maury.
Ho. of Reps.
reject every motion of that nature, forthe purpose |
ofentertainmg the resolution proposed by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hard] to re-
commit the- reports and documents to the Com-
mittee of Elections, with instructions to grant
further time to the sitting member to take depo-
sitions. He respectfully asked the attention of
the House for a few moments, while he proceeded
to state, as succinctly as he might, the reasons
in favor of such a disposition.
The Committee of Elections met for the first
time on the second Monday of the present ses-
sion. Tne chairman was instructed to inform
the sitting member and the petitioner that on the
following day their presence was desired for the
purpose of ascertaining if they were ready, and
of entertaining any propositions which they
might think proper to make. They appeared
accordingly—the sitting member in person, and
the petitioner in person and by counsel. In the
course of the session the sitting member sub-
mitted a protest, in which he objected to the
reception, as evidence, of all the depositions
referred to the committee, on account of the
yagueness and generality of the notices for taking
them which had been served on him by the peti-
tioner. The counsel for the petitioner combated,
with much earnestness, and at great length, the
objections contained in the protest; and the com-
mittee adjourned without coming to any decision
on the subject. This protest, if sustained, would
decide the question in /¡mint, and render any
further proceedings, at least till other testimony
not liable to its exception should be produced,
unnecessary.
In consequence, however, of the absence, from
indisposition, or other sufficient cause, of several
members of the committee, a decision on the pro-
test was deferred from day to day, until a full
session of all the members could be had. This
did not take place till the 15th of January, when
the objections of the protest were overruled by a
majority of the committee. The sitting member,
on being apprised of this decision, promptly
applied for further time to take depositions. He
6tated the persons whose testimony he desired to
procure, the voters whose qualifications he im-
peached, and the particular disqualifications under
which they labored. That this application was
not earlier made, is ascribable to causes over
which the sitting member had no control. At
the earliest possible period he had offered a pro-
test, in the nature of a plea in abatement, to all
the testimony before fhe committee. If a decision
had been made promptly and adversely to the
views of the sitting member, there is every reason
to believe that the application for further time
would have been as promptly made. But the
committee did not so decide. The investigation
dragged its slow length along till the middle of
January. If, then, this application would have
been deemed reasonable at the commencement of
the session, it is contended that the sitting mem-
ber did not lose any right, ought not to be de>
ber, perhaps unapprised of these searching in- i]
vestigations, or resting secure in the returns of ¡'
sworn officers and in his  certificate of election,
did not make corresponding exertions.
When, therefore, the notices were served on
him, he had difficulties to encounter which were
peculiar to his position. He had a district of
great extent to traverse, two hundred miles in
length, by about ninety in breadth, comprising
within its limits six sparsely populated counties,
and presenting, in its broken and mountainous
surface, physical obstacles to traveling of the
most formidable nature. He had to encounter
an opponent forearmed, who had already sur-
veyed the ground, selected his positions, and mar-
shaled his array of witnesses. He had to net
upon the inadequate information of vague and
general notices to appear, in rapid succession, at
points remote from each other, alike uninformed
of the witnesses to be examined, the voters al-
leged to be unqualified, and the particular dis-
qualifications charged against them. It resulted,
then, from the very necessities of his position,
that he was taken by surprise.
It was utterly impossible that he should pre-
pare himself beforehand with explanatory or re-
butting testimony. Everything was withheld
from him but the single privilege of cross-exam-
ination, and of that he could not avail himself, in
one instance at least, even by attorney.
The depositions, as before stated, were com-
menced to be taken on the 29th of October. In
thirty days from that time the sitting member
was called to this place to enter upon the dis-
charge of his public duties. Of these thirty days
the greater portion were monopolized by the pe-
titioner, leaving him inadequate time to travel in-
, termediate distances, much less to take depositions
in his own behalf.
Such being the facts of the case, can it be pre-
tended, with any approach to plausibility, that
the sitting member was placed on a level of equal-
ity with his competitor?—that.he hadan equal
opportunity afforded him of procuring and mar-
shaling his testimony ?
At an early stage of this debate, the case of
Letcher and Moore was cited as a precedent in
point against the pending application. But so far
as it was analogous to the present, he (Mr. M.)
drew from it a directly contrary conclusion.
That election, like the one in question, took place
early in August; the district was much smaller,
the country more level and traversable, and not
only the names of the voters, but the person for
whom they voted, placed on record. The latter
advantage, resulting from the viva voce mode of
voting, must have greatly abridged the labor of
the parties to that controversy. Yet, on reaching
this place, they both applied for further time, and
further time, till the 1st of January was granted
them. In point of fact, they did not return till
the middle of that month, and they were allowed
till some time in March to prepare briefs, and
arrange the testimony.    If tuné was granted to
priyed of any privilege, in consequence of a delay ¡' both in that case, why not to one in this?
which he not only did not occasion, but of which
he deprecated the continuance. By every con-
sideration ofjustice and fair dealing he stood, on
the 15th of January, when the preliminary ob-
jections raised by him to the receivability of the
testimony were overruled, precisely where he
would have stood if those objections had not been
made, or, when made, been promptly acted on—
at the threshold of the investigation.
Placing, then, the sittingmemberonthis ground
—aground from which he cannot rightfully be
removed—let us examine whether the merits of
the application are such as, if made at the outset,
would have entitled him to the delay asked for.
The election was held early in August last.
The sitting member was not apprised by the pe-
titioner of his intention to contest the seat till the
2d of October following, a period of nearly two
months. The first notice to take depositions was
served on the sitting member on the 19th of Oc-
tober, and the 29th of that month designated as
the time when the actual taking of them was to
commence. In all this long interval, from early
in August till the 19th of October, the petitioner,
it is fair to presume, was ransacking the district
for the purpose of ferreting out testimony to
austain his pretensions; while the sitting mem-
On the 31st of November and 1st of December
depositions were taken on behalf of the petitioner
at Morganton, in Burke county, about six hun-
dred miles from this place. The sitting member
was notified of the fact, but alleges that, inasmuch
as it was physically impossible for him to attend
'there, and reach the seat of Government, where
paramount public duties called him, by the 7th
of December, he wrote to one friend, and, on the
suggestion afterwards of his absence, to another
friend, to attend and act in his behalf. Neither
of them did attend; and the sitting member was,
in fact, unrepresented. The depositions taken
under these circumstances are, therefore, ex parte,
and ought not to be received as evidence.
He (Mr. M.) was no lawyer; but he had al-
ways understood that the object of notice was to
give the adverse party an opportunity to attend
either in person, or by attorney, for the purpose
of cross-examining witnesses. If he cannot at-
tend in person, the option, which can alone give
validity to the notice, is taken from him. The
obstacles to personal attendance may be either
physical or moral. Physical, as if, for example,
sufficient time be not allowed him to reach the
place designated in the notice on the day ap-
pointed.   Moral, if paramount public duties, of
which the party serving the notice was cognizant,
called him in another direction. Either of these
causes would alike vitiate a notice. If the sittin™-
member hail been represented at Morganton,
on the occasion alluded to, this objection might
not be insisted on. But as he was not, the argu-
ment addresses itself forcibly to the equitable
consideration of this House. On the necessity
of cross-examination to the full and correct evo-
lution of facts, Mr. M. said he would not enlarge;
it need only be suggested to produce a proper im-
pression on every mind at all conversant with
judicial investigations. A state of things might
possibly arise, resulting from the decision of the
House on other points involved in this contro-
versy, which would make the admissibility of this
testimony the hinge on which the election would
turn; and the question is propounded, whet her gen-
tlemen could reconcile it to their sense of justice
to oust the sitting member upon evidence which
may justly be characterized as ex parte, and under
circumstances which would render them obnox-
ious, whether deservedly or not, to the imputa-
tion of partiality, or at least precipitance ?
There is another view of this case, (Mr. M.
said,) which he wished to present. This is not
so much a contest between the sitting member
and the petitioner, as between the majority and
minority of the people of the twelfth congressional
district of North Carolina. The point of difficulty
is to ascertain which is the rightful majority of
legal votfirs. By all the sanctions of our free in-
stitutions, the voice of that majority, from which-
ever side it may issue, has a right to be heard on
this floor. Every avenue should be opened which
may let in additional light upon the subject. Let
the facts on each side be fully and fairly presented,
and then we may arrive at a decision which will
abide the test of public scrutiny. Even if the
imputation of lacha, of negligence in procuring
testimony, could justly attach, as it cannot, to the
sitting member, this should not affect, injuriously,
the interests of those whom he claims to repre-
sent. The petitioner, if indeed he be the rightful
Representative, cannot be injured by delay, but,
on the contrary, benefited. Time has ever proved
itself, not the enemy, but the friend of truth.
Another argument in favor of delay, is dedu-
cible from the fact that there is no law of Congress
regulating the mode of proceeding in cases of
contested election. The sitting member was sud-
denly launched into this ocean of investigation,
without chart or compass to direct his course. It
cannot be said that he has not conformed to law,
1 when there is no law. He knew not what evi-
dence was admissible, and what inadmissible.
The statute-book did, indeed, once speak upon
the subject; but its voice has long since ceased.
The law expired by its own limitation, and Con-
gress applied no Promethean fire to prolong its
existence. If precedents be appealed to, they
are vague, loose, and contradictory; sometimes
adapted to subserve the ends of temporary polit-
ical interests, sometimes conforming to the laws
of the particular State in which the contest arose,
just as the caprice or wisdom, the policy or pas-
sion, of majorities in this body or its committees
might suggest. Under .these circumstances, to
adopt a rigorous rule, and give it a retrospective
operation, would be virtually to enact an ex post
facto law—a mode of proceeding which is the
resort of despotism, and therefore not to be tol-
erated in a free country.
It may be said that the sitting member should
have looked to the laws of North Carolina regu-
lating the mode of proceeding in contested elec-
tions for the State Legislature. The proper reply
to this is, in the first place, that those laws have
no binding force either upon him or upon Con-
gress; and in the second place, that regulations
which may be very appropriate to cases of which
the theater of operations is circumscribed within
the limits of one county, may be very unjust and
oppressive in their practical bearings, when ex-
tended over a congressional district of six times
the extent. The laws of North Carolina, for ex-
ample, provide that notice of an intention to con-
test the seat of a member returned for the Legis-
lature shall be given within thirty days of the
meeting of that body. This time may be amply
sufficient where the sphere of investigation is
confined to one county.   But where, as in
the
