1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15$
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Cumberland Road—Mr. Clay, Mr. Tipton.
SENATE.
present case, six counties are embraced, the num-
ber of days, by the rule of proportion, would be
multiplied six-fold.
Allusions hare been made in the course of this
debate to the political preferences and connections
of the parties to this controversy. The gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. "Bynum,] in ref-
erence to the motion, dictated by a sense of
justice, of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hard,} to allow the petitioner a seat within the
bar of this House, and the privilege of speaking
in his own behalf, remarked the other day that he
would hesitate to receive favors from political or
personal enemies. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Mans] threw out this morning an
intimation or threat,unless a certain course indi-
cated by himself were pursued by those whom
lie was pleased to denominate the political friends
of the sitting member, this would be made a party
question. Political or personal enemies? Party
questions! Sir, how came those gentlemen to
know that the political connections of the sitting
member and the petitioner were different and ad-
verse? Rumor has informed us that, in their
canvass before'the people, both those gentlemen
avowed the same political preferences in regard to
men. If the rumor be unfounded, they both have
seats on this floor, and can disabuse our minds
of the false impression. But if it be true, what
propriety is there in giving utterance to such sar-
casms and minatory admonitions? Granting,
however, that those gentlemen have held, or do
hold, antagonistic sentiments and preferences in
regard to the great questions, whether relating to
men or measures, which divide and agitate the
country, is the principle to be acted on, and not
only acted on, but openly avowed, in this Hall,
that on questions of a judicial resort—of questions
which affect the purity of the elective franchise,
the discipline of party is to prevail over the dic-
tates of justice, and right to be trampled under
foot at the nod of power? Sir, this is a judicial
question. Our functions are those of judges, not
of legislators; of jurors, to try facts, and not of
political partisans to stifle or distort them. Let
us examine and decide upon the question in the
spirit of candor and impartiality. Let us place
it where alone it should stand, on its naked, ab-
Btract merits, separated from every extraneous |
attribute of party, and purified from the discolor-
ations of passion or of prejudice. Let us grant I
the application for further time.                           I
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
DEBATE  IN THE SENATE,
February 26, 1836,                         j
On the Mil makin; an appropriation for the completion of
the Cumberland Road in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri.
Mr. CLAY, after a few preliminary remarks,
■aid he felt then, a  he always did, a great solici-
tude for this road; but he owned he felt also some
difficulties on the subject. The great system of i
internal improvements which he had advocated
for so many years had been suspended, and by
the cooperation, too, of the very States most in-
terested in the system,and for whose benefit this
road was to be made. The States of Tennessee
and Kentucky had received less money from the
Government than any other two States in the
Union. In the project to extend a great leading
road from Nashville to the Gulf of Mexico, an
anpropriationtoamostimportant link from Mays-
ville to Lexington, in forming a connection be-
tween that road and the Cumberland road, had
been vetoed: and Kentucky had, by her own
enterprise, to make the road herself. If he were
to listen to a spirit of resentment, he might say
he would withhold his support until all the States
received equal benefits; but he was willing to go
on to the Mississippi, and also to aid in those
improvements east of the Wabash, to a reason-
able extent. He hoped the gentlemen from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hendricks and Mr. Ti*ton] would let
them circumscribe the appropriation, until bridges
were built over the Wabash and Ohio rivers. 1 he
country embraced in this part of the road we  poor
and thinly settled, and, he thought, did not re-
quire so much expenditure now.
. Mr. C. then moved to amend*" the bill by strik-
ing out |920,000, theappropriation for the road in
the State of Ohio, and inserting $200,000; and by
striking out $350,000, appropriated for the road in
the State of Indiana, and inserting $100,000.
Mr. TIPTON observed that he would not have
troubled the Senate with a single remark on the
subject now under consideration, had he not
found opposition to this measure from a quarter
quite unexpected and new to him; and he had no
doubt that it will be news to his constituents that
they were not prepared to expect.
The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
who moved to reduce the appropriation to the
amount applied on the road last year, was surely
not seriously hostile to the continuation of it,
after having supported this work, with great
ability, for thirty years; and he could not believe
that lie wanted it abandoned, but rather wished
to reduce the sum required, that the road might
be longer in progress. The gentleman wanted
to be six years doing what he (Mr. T.) proposed
to do in three. Something had been said with
regard to the number of hands that could be
employed economically. On this subject doubts
had been expressed as to whether a sufficient
number of hands could be found to perform the
work. We are now (said Mr. T.) in progress
of constructing but two public works in the State,
the Wabash canal and the Cumberland road.
Contractors have gone from public works already
completed in New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio,
and they have taken with them hands, generally
Irish laborers, and tools sufficient to go on with
these works. They were now, and would remain,
on those works until they were finished, if the
money to continue them was appropriated; but
if you cut down and limit the appropriation,
(said Mr. T.,) you put off the time of finishing
the road, and you double the expenses.
The State of Indiana has appropriated ten mil-
lions of dollars for internal improvements, had
organized a board of public works to conduct
them. Two canals, two railroads, and one turn-
pike road, were to be made, and the board would
meet in a few days to determine on their plan of
operations for this year. If you make a large
appropriation (said Mr. T ) for the national road,
it is probable that the State will not commence
any of her new works this year; for the Wabash
canal and national road may employ all the hands
now there; but if you reduce the appropriation
as proposed by the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator, there will not be sufficient funds to pay for
the labor of all the hands now there, and they
must seek employment elsewhere. Thus you
will procrastinate the time, and double the ex-
pense of finishing the road. No good reason had
been assigned for reducing the sum proposed in
the bill. It was admitted on all hands that there
was abundant money in the Treasury; and the
Senator from Ohio had shown clearly, to his
mind, that they might pass this bill, the fortifi-
cation bill, and the favorite land bill of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and stiK they would have a
large surplus at the beginning of the year 1837.
When this bill was before the Senate, some days
ago, an honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] moved to lay it on the table; and
he understood him to say that he made the mo-
tion to prevent heavy drafts being made on the
Treasury, until he was informed whether we
were to have peace or war. The gentleman was
kind enough to withdraw his motion—for which
I thank him—to give the friends of the bill an
opportunity to explain and defend it. I am happy
now, Sir, (said Mr. T.,) to say that a favorable
change in our foreign relations justifies me iri
assuring the Senator that there is no reason to
apprehend war from any quarter, unless it be
those skirmishes that happen now and then with
the Indians on our frontier; but should it ever
become necessary for us, as a nation, to choose
between war and a dishonorable peace, he had
no doubt the Senator from South Carolina and
himself, whether at that time citizens or Senators,
vould be found contending, side by side, for the
honor of the country. He could not suppose that
the Senator from South Carolina was actuated by
other motives in making that motion than a strong
sense of public duty. He had too long known
him as a friend to internal improvement, to believe
that any other motive could influence him to vote
against an appropriation for the national roád.
He confessed that he was surprised to see a
newspaper friendly to the Senator, in noticing
his motion to lay the bill on the table, attempt to
give it a party coloring, the paper remarking that
his motion caused a fluttering among the friends
of the Administration. He would regret to see
the question on the passage of this bill made a
party question; indeed he did not see how it
could be made so. It never had been considered
a party measure; and of the political parties that
had existed in this country for the last thirty
years, some members have supported, and others
nave opposedappropriationsforthe national road,
without regard to political bearing. If proof
were wanting at this late day to establish the
national character of this road, he could refer to
an able report, made by the honorable Senator
himself, while he was at the head of an important
Department of the Government, to be found at
page 61 of the Senate's Documents, second ses-
sion of the Nineteenth Congress. It was there
shown that the continuation of the Cumberland
road to St. Louis was of national importance.
This had never been questioned.
The Cumberland road was commenced under
a law of Congress of 29th March, 1806, while
Mr. Jefferson was President of the United States;
it was favored by him, and by every Adminis-
tration since his day; by none less than by the
present Administration. It was true that this
road had many friends among the present party
in power, and it was equally true that it had able
and efficient supporters among those who did not
support -the present Administration. Others op-
posed this road on grounds satisfactory to them-
selves and their constituents; and we have no
right (said Mr.T.) to object to their opposition;
but I protest against a bill of so much importance
to those whom I have the honor in part to rep-
resent, being condemned to die on your table,
without giving to its friends a hearing.
Mr. T. begged honorable Senators to come up
to a vote on this bill, not as a party question, but
as a measure in which both national faith and
national honor were pledged to the voung States
of the West, for the completion of this road to
Missouri. The act of Congress of 1606, to which
he alluded, and to which he begged leave to refer
gentlemen who had doubts on the subject, au-
thorized a survey of a road from Cumberland, in
Maryland, or from a point on «the Potomac river,
near Cumberland, over the mountains, to the
State of Ohio; anil provides that the money—
$30,000—appropriated for that object was to be
refunded to the Treasury out of the fund set
apart by the compact between the United States
and the State of Ohio, for making roads leading
to that State. By compacts between the United
States and the new States, a portion of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands was set
apart for the purpose of making roads leading to
them; and the continuation of this road was in
compliance with the¿e compacts entered into, he
might say, with the whole West, which would
ere long be more than one half the Union. Under
this compact, these States, on their admission
into the Union, relinquished the right to tax lands
owned by the United States, or lands sold by
them within their limits', for five years from their
sale; and the United States agreed to give to these
new States lands for education, salines, and this
road fund as an équívalen«| for relinquishing their
right of taxation1.    '' '" ' • n ' '     "
Mr. T. put the vote on the pill on the ground
of ebmplying with the compact between the Uni-
ted Sates and the iiew States of the Northwest.
We have a right (said Mr. T.) to expect appro-
priations to continue this road to the far West,
not as a gift or a grant to the new States, but in
compliance with an agreement between the Gen-
eral Government and their people at the time of
their admission into the Union. Were there no
compact, the United States, being the great land-
holder in the new States, would find it both their
interest and their duty to contribute' money for
constructing a road leading to their own lands.
Those who opposed this road surely had not a
hope of arresting its progress westward; for as
population increased in the older States, the young
and the enterprising naturally looked to the West
for a residence and future home, and they emi-
grated to the Mississippi valley. He was forcibly
