160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 12,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Cumberland Road—Mr. Tipton.
Senate.
struck with a remark made by an honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston.] He
told us yesterday (said Mr. T.) that the western
people were not the purchasers of the public
lands; that it was the people of the East and
South who purchased them. This was true to a
certain extent. As population increased, the
young and the enterprising, quitting the land of
their nativity and the homes of their fathers, em-
igrated to the West, and became the purchasers
of the public lands. We are always (said Mr. T.)
glad to receive them. They make valuable citi-
zens; they contribute to fill your Treasury, and
unite with us in adding to the wealth and power
of the nation. Hence, the construction of the
road was equally beneficial to the old and the new
States; and its extension must keep pace with the
extension of our settlements towards the far West.
A settlement had already commenced on the
west fork of the Mississippi, above the State of
Missouri; and it would not be ten years before
these people would form a State government, and
apply for admission into the Union. This coun-
try would make a fine State; extending up the
Missouri river, far above the State of Missouri,
toward the Rocky mountains; the inhabitants
would be our neighbors, our friends; they would
become purchasers of the public lands, and would
they not have a right to expect the mail sent to
them> and is it to be expected that they would
not demand an extension of the national road?
They surely would. And he could not doubt
that this road would go on to the foot of the
Rocky mountains, perhaps cross them, to the
Pacific ocean. The sales of the public domain
will afford the means, and we will apply it; and
I cannot doubt that Congress will, as they have
heretofore, apply them to that object.
In 1829 Congress made an appropriation to
remove the timber from the road through the
State of Indiana, and to grade the banks, prepar-
atory to making it a turnpike road. The timber
had been removed, and near half the road, was
graded, half the bridges were constructed, and
stone prepared to cover a small portion of the
good graveled road. Putting the stone in the
road, is the most expensive part of road making.
This is the reason why a heavy appropriation is
now asked for. If the graded road was not cov-
ered with stone, the travel on the road would
destroy the grade, and the work would have to
be done over again next year.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] told
them that he rather thought that the country
through which this road passed in Indiana and
Illinois was thinly settled, and that it was a long
distance between houses on some parts of the
road. He would not undertake to say how the
fact was as regards the road in Illinois; the Sen-
ators from that State would no doubt inform the
Senate; but he assured the Senator from Ken-
tucky that every acre of public lands along the
road in Indiana had been purchased from the
United States; that the country was densely
populated; and farms, though not quite as ex-
tensive as they were in Kentucky, were much
more numerous, and villages were growing up at
short intervals along the road.
That Senator had also been pleased to allude
to the support given to the present Administration
by friends of the bill now before them; and he
said that the States southwest of the Ohio wanted
e. branch of this road, which was denied them;
and called upon the friends of the national road
to do even-handed justice to the States south, «is
well as to those north, of the Ohio river.
Sir, (said Mr. T.,) if that gentleman will look
at our Journals, I think he will find that several
friends of this national road voted for the bill to
which he alludes—rtbe Maysville and Lexington
road bill. If it did not become a law, it was no
fault of theirs.
With regard to his feeble support (said Mr.
T.) of this or any other Administration, he could
only be influenced by the Executive as by other
public men. He would go with them just so far,
and no further than they pursued that course
which he thought sustained the honor and inter-
est of his country. He looked to the wishes of
a majority of his constituents, and to his own
judgment of what was right and wrong, for his
rule of conduct here; not to the will of a Chief
Magistrate, or of any other public or private in-
dividual. He cared not who was President of
the United States, if he administered the Gov-
ernment agreeably to the Constitution and the
laws. If he does this, (said Mr. T.,) he has a right
to expect my support, and upon no other terms.
We have been told (said Mr. T.) during the
discussion of this bill, that the great system of
internal improvement by the General Govern-
ment had been suspended. Why, sir, this was
no fault of the friends of the national road. It
was owing, as he believed, to a change in public
opinion; public sentiment on the subject of in-
ternal improvement by this Government was not
now what it was in 1825. In that year an appro-
priation was made to prosecute surveys, with a
view of constructing roads and canals in different
parts of the Union. The United States engineer
went to work; civil engineers were employed to
assist them; and surveys were extensively made
for the purpose of ascertaining the probability of
making a number of roads and canals. In 1828,
a great political conflict terminated, that brought
a new party into power. The veto by the Chief
Magistrate of the Maysville and Lexington road
bill, and the message that accompanied the return
of that bill, set the people to reflecting on the
subject of internal improvement on their own re-
sources by the States, or by chartered companies;
before that time, but three States—New York,
(stimulated and led on by her Clinton,) Pennsyl-
vania, and Ohio—had embarked extensively in
internal improvement. What, he now asked,
was the fact in 1836 ? Why, sir, many States
were making large appropriations for construct-
ing roads, railroads, and canals. The people
looked this way now no longer for aid, unless
for the improving of our rivers, though the im-
proving of some rivers—the Wabash, for in-
stance—had been denied them; to his utter as-
tonishment, and to the serious injury of a large
portion of the West.
The Senator objected to a new proposition, as
he called it, in this bill for a bridge over the
Wabash at Terre Haute, and said that the Ohio
river was not bridged where this road crossed it,
nor was the United States called on to bridge the
Muskingum at Zanesville. Now, sir, (said Mr.
T.,) I do not remember that a proposition for a
bridge across the Ohio at Wheeling was ever
submitted to Congress; and I am confident that I
have not opposed it, though I will not now give
a pledge to support it, if the proposition is made
hereafter. A bridge had been constructed over
the Muskingum at Zanesville before the Cumber-
land road reached that place; and the Sciota and
White rivers had bridges over them at the expense
of the United States. This proposition to bridge
the Wabash was not new to the Senate; a bill
passed that body three years ago containing an
appropriation for that object in an amendment
made by the Senate to a bill from the House, and
the House of Representatives, for reasons that he
would not trouble the Senate with relating at this
time, refused to concur in the amendment. This
was near the close of the session; and fearing
that the bill would be lost between the two
Houses, in the hurry and bustle on the last day
of the session, the Senate receded from its amend-
ment, that the bill might become a law.            '
An opinion was entertained by some that a
bridge could not be constructed over the Wabash
at Terra Haute without interrupting the naviga-
tion of the river. This, if true, would have been
a sufficient reason why a bridge should not be
constructed, as one fourth of the people of Indiana
and a large portion of Illinois are interested in the
navigation of the river above that place, and to
remove all doubt upon the subject, the Secretary
of War was instructed by a resolution of this
Senate to cause an examination to be made of the
site for a bridge, and to report the facts, with a
plan and estimate of the probable cost of the
work, to be laid before Congress. This report
had been received, printed, and laid on our tables.,
and gave satisfactory evidence that the bridge
could be constructed on a plan that would not
obstruct the navigation of the river; and one item
of appropriation in the bill now on your table is for
procuring materials, and for the commencement
of the bridge over the Wabash at Terre Haute.
It was of much more importance to the States
west of Indiana than to her, that a bridge should
be constructed at the point where the^ national
road crossed the Wabash, which was within nine
miles of the western boundary of Indiana; aiid
every western Senator surely knew that the
United States mail could not pass that river with-
out a bridge, when the ice was floating, and that
the mail, at such periods, would be arrested in
its progress to the States and Territories west of
that river; all travel and communication would
be cut off for a part of the winter, and this would
produce a state of things exceedingly embarrassing
to a very large portion of the western country.
The Senator objected to the amount intended
to be appropriated by this bill, and said that it
was too large, and that we were satisfied in by-
gone days with far less appropriations. He said
further, that although he did it with great reluct-
ance, yet he felt compelled by his sense of public
duty to move to reduce the appropriation to what
it was last year. It was true, (said Mr. T.,) that
when the Treasury was drained to the last dollar,
with the war debt unpaid, and a limited com-
merce, we were satisfied to take less from the
Treasury; but it should be remembered that, at
the time the honorable gentleman referred to, our
population was far less than now. Our settle-
ments were then confined to a region of country
bordering on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers;
but the last seven years had wrought a wonder-
ful change in our population, condition, and busi-
ness. The heaviest population at this time was
in counties back from the Ohio river, in the center
and north part of the State, through which this
road was being constructed. He had reason to
regret the loss of that able and efficient support
that that honorable Senator had given this meas-
ure in by-gone days. Separating from him on a
vote for internal improvement was like parting
with an old friend; but the best friend, it was
said, must part; and we must continue the Na-
tional road without his aid if he will not stick to
us; though I can scarcely bring myself to believe
that he will abandon his old favorite, the Cum-
berland road. I am (said Mr. T.) an advocate
for an energetic prosecution of this work. In two
or three years I hope to see this road finished
through Indiana, when the States west of her will
have an equal claim to bo heard; and I cannot
doubt that this national work will go on to the
Rocky Mountains. The Senator had always been
distinguished for marching boldlyup to his object,
and he was not prepared to find him advocating
the propriety or the expediency of tardy opera-
tions. We now possess most ample means; and
in my judgment we.should prosecute the work
vigorously to Missouri before we pause.
Something was said by the gentleman in refer-
ence to the population of the States southwest,
and those northwest of the Ohio river. By the
census of 1830, it appeared that there was a small
fraction in favor of the southwestern States; but
it would hardly be contended at this time that
there was not a greater population in four States
northwest of the Ohio river, than in five south-
west States, including Kentucky and Tennessee.
Should the southwestern States desire to apply
their road fund to construct a branch of the Cum-
berland road through Kentucky and Tennessee,
to the new States bordering on the Gulf of Mex-
ico, he should raise no objection; but if they de-
clined applying their road fund in that way, it
could be pleaded in bar of our right to apply our
fund to the national road leading to, and through,
the northwestern States; this being the legitimate
object for which their fund was provided by the
agreement between the General Government and
the new States.
Mr. CLAY did not think there was much in the
arguments based upon the compact in relation to
the two per cent, on lands. It was well known
that the whole amount of it had been a thousand
times exhausted. The only justification f0' "**
appropriation, was to he found in the right of
the General Government to make these roads.
There might be something in the argument ot its
enhancing the value of these lands. There had
been several thousand acres of land in Ohio, inm-
ana, and Illinois, appropriated for roads, it couiu
not be expected, that they should yearly expect
to see these roads continued in these new fetales,
while no appropriations were made to internal un-
