mw
AíWMwmm&mmmsomu ¡sutassA
94m Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ouméétiand R*hU -M. Holinso*, ¿AvÜfcfeg, et¿.
.uv
&ÉSKI&
provementa in t e. old States; that they would
not have some feeling en the, subject, while lav-
ishing money on one side of the river,, thoy could
not expect indifference oti the other side. Wu
hare before as (said Mr. C.) a great project for
the equitable disposition of the whole of the pro-
ceed 3 of the public domain by which all would
be equally benefited by its provisions, but an at-
tempt was being made to defeat it, which, if suc-
cessful, he should much regret. He had not come
to the conclusion to- nMe against these improve-
ments. He would vote a moderate sum for this
road. When the House of Representatives bal-
anced upon these, improvement ,it was not. for
búa to «ay who had stood by them. Thiawas
nota commercial road, except in .the immediate
neighborhood of some of the rivers, and was more
for the benefit of neighborhood intercourse; the
accommodation of persona traveling from, the seat
of justice of one counfty or State to another. The
rivers were the great seats of commerce. There
were no bridges erected over the Muskingum- or
Ohio rivers^ whew this, road crossed then  Had
a southwestern branch of it been .made by the
Government through Tennessee, Alabama, «fee-,
to the gulf, it would have accommodated the tra-
ding and iravelingpopulation ten to one over the
present route; the prevention of which,.he im-
puted to the policy of the present Administration;
and on account of which  he indulged ia some
tart remarks upon the course of the Administra-
tion, which, ike said* were painful to make, but
were wrong from him by this-policy, which
made them feel o  one side of the riveras though
they were outlawedond aliénelo the liberality of
the Government, while it was lavish of its munifi-
cence on the other -side. The gentlemen should
ask in moderation,so as not to endanger the gen-
eral proposition to distribute the surplus) fund 
among all the States  You cannot, said he, get
the labor to consume this large appropriation 
without disturbing agriuütjwral pursuits.    , ,
It w*s natural that gentlemen should feel a x>
ious and even zealous m behalf of their immediate
constituents. It was said thai stone was hauled'
to the bed of the road, and, read y to be pttt on..
Stone, of ail other materials, was the most im-
perishable, and ought not to be put on the road
immediately. The ground ought to have time to
settle before they were placed on it. The toad
from die Wabash to- the Mississippi would cost
from ten to fifteen thousand dolían per mile. The
stone  in some instance*, would hare to be hauled
ten ar twelve miles to the bed of the road. Things
in this world did not always go on a  they wished,
and they must beak with it as well as they could.
He did hope the gentlemen from Indiana [Mr.
Hekmuce  and Mr. Tirro ] would moderate
the amount asked for.
Mr. ROBINSON said, as a member .'of the
committee which bai reported this bill, he felt it
his duty to state some facts ia relation to it, of
which other Senators were, perhaps, not fully in
possession. The system, so far as respects the
mode of performing the work, had been wholly
changed about a -year since. Previously, the
work was done by letting it out by the job to the
lowest responsible bidder; 'now hands and citi-
zens are emuloycd by, the day, by the superin-
tendent, an officer of the engineer corps. This
last and present mode admitted of large expendi-
tures advantageously. .The amounts, -as now in
the bill, are baaed npon- estimates from the War.
Department. The committee have had two seta
of estimates; one showing the smallest amount
which ought to be appropriated for anything-like,
a successful prosecution of the work; the other,
the maximum amount which could be advanta-
geously expended.    „
Passing over the admitted importance and tiae-
fulnesa of this road, if if a national «erfc-^one
which it was agreed apon on all hands ought to
be and would be completed • 11 is now; only ¡Mi be
determined, shall the work progress, a  speedily
as circumstances fairly authorize? or shall it be a
slower- rate? and, if the latter, how1 slow? The
fact a indisputable, that a certain number of «fa-
cers are necessarily to be kept emoiojwd, whether
the appropriation be the full or half .the «ntottnt
as .now in the bill. To "his mind—-and, «e he
thought it must strike every one—there «ottld be
No. 11.
no hesitancy as to the «proper course. If an indi-
vidual was eompelledt* keep in his employ a
certain number of overseers, until a given piece
of work was completed, and by hiring as many
hands as lus overseers could advantageously find
employment for, the work could be finished in
one year, would he not be a very bad economist
(having, too, the means at band to hire'laborers
so sparingly) to keep the overseers, ten-yea 
doing what could have bee  dono in «me? The
some course which would be adopted by an indi-
vidual in the case just put, should, by the <Jov-
eensneat, be observed in the present case..
The minimum estimates have been taken, not
the maximum; and. unless.these amounts be ap-
propriated, the work, instead of going on pros-
per lously, will languish, and in many instances,
in its unfinished state, suffer much injury. It ban
been Said, the road passes througn a sparsely-
popuWted country, particularly that part of it*
which is in Illinois, and where the road ia not
much called for. < True, the population is not an
dense as the country would admit and invites.
[Here Mr. K. gave a statement of the average
size of the several counties through which the
road passed, froiri where it fillst entered Illinois,
to Vandalia, the seat of government, and the re-
spective population of «aeh, which, he trusted,
snowed a population not so very sparse, and, a 
he thought* not very far short of the average
population of alarbe portion of the western coun-
try, and* it is said, new would be one of very
great commerce.} , Admit it never will bt one
upon which wagons-will pass a great distance opon
it at a time, for ihe purpose of taking produce to
market, yet for that purpose it would be much
used in the neighborhoods of towns and navigable
rivers, • The States of Missouri, Illinois, and In-
diana'must ever ho agricultural and stock-raising
States. East, they will find a market fer a very
lan-geí portion of, their surplus stock. Already
that trade had coanmenoed; and uport this road
much of it' would be driven.   .As to traveling
X n it, he had only to say it would be used .a 
ether roads generally are by the people of the
country ia passing, from one neighborhood to
another, froia one county to «mother, and from
one State to another- Itwas certainly trusyaa ha 
been stated, that any one. wishing to come here
or east Of the 4 ¡mountains from where this road
will cross the Mississippi, would most probably
make the.trip by water, if steamboats were run-
ning; which, by-the-by, was not by any means
always the case.                                        i
.Mr. R. hoped the motion to reduce the sums'
now in the bill to Ihe amounts appropriated ,fest.
year would not be sustained by the Senate. If
it was, that ninety miles of the road in Illinois,
which is ill a very handsome state of progress,
would be left withouta «ingle dollar for the prose-
cution of the work, because for that part, there
was no appropriation whatever last year; and the.
reason was this: there was an excess of previpua
appropriations upon ha nd, supposed to be enough ,
ana' was. enongh,ifbr the year 1835. Tmsexeesi*
was oww£,t<i ,the derangement of labor by the
Indian war in,-l£S2, and the cholera and other
sickness the two succeeding years.. From these
causes, it wa . wholly impossible to-employ ihe
necessary number «t hands. These balances he
believed were now exhausted, and perhaps more
than exhausted. , Should the latter be the case,
and such was the; case in Ohio, the amendments,
if adopted, would leave .your officers ia a. very
awkwnrd position. Be it as it may as to 'any
arrears, yet due .hands under this amendment, ail
further lator npon the ninety styles in, Illinois is
absolutely stayed,,which certainly could not he
designed by any one, much less ¿he.mover of the
amendment.fMr. Clat,} who tells us heis friendly
to the road and its completion; a eompletion more
slowly, to be sure, thaji 1 think is advisable an4
in keeping with good policy.
Something has been said about the cpstof this
road per mué, and that stone has to be hauled
ten miles. I have seen (said Mr. R.) no estimate,
of «est per mile for the entine completion- pf.that
part in Illinois, nor am I advised -any has been
mads. This, though, I will'venture .to assort;
that it «an be made as.cheap as any ninety nvtlcs
of tl^aame ki^of. reati i¿ any nar^f the.tyowja,
world. The country ia level, and abundant i 
material of every kind necessary for its construe*
tion. Stone, it is true, has at some places to be
hauled considerable distances, and in one instance
as far as thirteen miles. The bottom at Vandalia,
it is admitted, will be costly: there the road has
to be rawed several feet for the distance of about
two; miles, and,this is the only place of extraor-
dinary cost. Many ^bridges- will have to be con-*
strutted, but not more, if so many, as are found
necessary in every country; and none of them ara
of a very costly character, for the- streams are
narrow.                       -.    „i               ' ,.     I
. Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said, although .the
grants of the tw*i per cent, fund were properly
chargeable to the section of country west of the
Ohio, this road accommodated the people east,of
the Ohio, as well ah those west of it. It' was
just as iniportant to the people on the sea-coast
passing westward, as- to the,people west travel-,
mg eastward. Their interests «et at Wheelings
The greatest amount had been expended on the
road east of the Ohio river, in which the constit-
uents of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] had participated, because from the Ohio
eastward, it facilitated their intercourse with the
east, as much as it did that Of the western States,
He would hot oppose this law, for fear it was
going to interfere with the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Chat-,] to distribute
the.aurplns funds .among, the States. That bill
contained a,provision, of ten per. cent, to be ap-
plied to' the improvement of all the States. It was
the doty of the United States, as a great land
holder in those States, to luake^apptopriation  to
improvements!, which enhanced the value of
those lands. The property of the people there
was in lands; they had not yet, as in the older
States  accumulated wealth in personal property 4
stocks, &c. He alluded to a grant of lands to, the
State of Ohio, with certain' conditions connected
with it, in relation to (he canal to oonneet with
the lakes, and;to the benefits the United States
would derive from it,'in the transportation of its
arms' and munitions of war. He mentioned the
amount of appropriations to objects in the State
of Ohio, and the amount brought into the Treas-
ury from public llanda ib. that State. She had
received at utmost 41,000,000, and -the revenue
derived from her lands. amounted to about
419,<XKM>0a. • Ohio :i «eived fitom ,1fer internal
improvements'fees ¡by 11,000,040 than the other
States. Indiana received' #n (appropriation of
four hundred thousand acres 'of land fee be*
eanal, and had jWud into the public Treasury
nearly $10,000^000. At the minimum price, the
lands she had received amounted* to $500,1)00;
and putting die quota, she would bo entitled to at
#1,000,000, the Government would be indebted to
her in the sum of jf50Q,OQ0. He also adverted
to the 'sales of the public land  in Illinois, and the
amount she would be entitled to froai the ten per
coat. The sales of all these lands were greatly
increased by these works pf internal improve. 
menta. In< the old districts, where these improve-
ments Vere,tlte hwd sold¡IWieh faster fhamin the
new districts, flUccj* in cases of public #aj*s. ,
The sales tea* year were .greater. tha,n wasnn-
tifcipatód. , In the month of January last* ¡which
was considered as,poor a month fbr^saies as. any
month in the yeax, the sales in Ohip aaiauntefl
tp $118,000¡ inlUmoisto 1223,000; and in Indiana,
to $540,000. ,.And aUowh^anua^to Wap-wrer-
age month, the sales this fear TrouW ¿mount to
*a7¿W0,«|(h Ths p«n\ faked hero.for a, road
feading throHfh that sMtw^of wypdte
so much to $e ,p^b w.^awy,ifaS(ifSpi00ffi
an aontooriMion which could not be .considere!}
a^hg^M^e. ge^^^,Would«ot
supr^U>5 ,iC.it1impffered wuh.the landhJI.
BuVall toe impropriation* to-,the fortifkations, m
the language *><", «■ * «Wtleman from South Cw
olbaTiMr. P K.TaN,I cannot touch U «*«T?1 *
He 4id  ot ponsider.¿M, Iwd .W  an antagoniat-
tehimeasMW to the fo^ufiaeuon bill; ^nr cauhj
both, travel along -together without touting or
Legislature of 0&npjs had passed resolutions de-
clnrV that'the'road shoujd no^liass.thfQHglj
th^ir ;s {0R ta8*.  *■*«■ «w=m to -anmnt
