1886.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
163
24th Cong....1st Sess.
QanberUmd Road-~Mr. Hendricks.
Senate.
that it can be accounted for in no other way than
in the sitts, and grants, and two per cents, of the
Ftderal Government' They are blind, or poorly
mformtd. who cannot see other causes for the
prosperity of the new States of the northwest,
than the benefits derived from this Government. ¡
Sir, (said Mr. H.,) the great prosperity of the
northwest may be traced to various causes. The
population that has emigrated to these States are
the bone and sinew of the old States. They pos-
sess more energy, enterprise, and mdustty than
the men left behind them. They aie gent rally men
early in life, who go to the new States for the
purpose of bettering their condition, and who,
being well aware that in catering upo  an untried
scene, great exertions will be necessary, are pr*t-
pared to make those exertions. For the pros-
perity of the West we are also indebted to the
great fertility of our toil, the navigation of our
majestic livers; the salubrity of our climate; the
susceptibility of our country for works of internal
improvement, as well as the enterprise of our peo-
ple in making them; the productiveness of the
country m all the necessaries of life, being per-
haps as fine a grain growing country as is on the
face of the globe. These, air, are the causes of I
the great prosperity of our country. Is it said '
that this Government has raised that country up' I
Rather might it be said that this Government
could not have kept it down. It would have
grown and prospered, to a much lesser extent in-
deed, under the most grinding despotism that ever
a people endured. Is it said that the campaigns
of Harmon, St. Clair, and Wayne repressed the
savages and opened the country for settlement'
This is true, in a certain degree; but it might,
with almost equal certainty, be affirmed, that the
armies of Harmon, St. Clair, and Wayne, had
they been combined with the savages for that
purpose, could not wholly have prevented the set-
tlement of that country. Such a country, on our
borders, could not have been withheld from such
a people as that of the United States, inured to
«aras they were, and just having emerged from
the conflicts of a glorious revolution.
The importance of this road, Mr President, it
seems to me has been greatly undervalued. It is
said not to be a commercial road, because it runs
parallel with the river Ohio, which floats the
whole commerce of the country. This not a
commercial road! And what, Mr. President, is
a commercial road' It is true that it is not a
highway of foreign commerce; but for all the
purposes of domestic commerce, it is certainly
more emphatically a commercial road than any
other, of like extent, west of the mountains. It
is the principal thoroughfare of emigration from
the eastern States to the central parts of the three
northwestern States. Formerly the Ohio river
was almost the only line of approach for the
stream of population continually pouring in upon
that country from the Atlantic States. The coun-
try bordering on the Ohio river was in this way
first brought into market, sold and settled, but
for the central region of those States, for a wide
belt of country, extending from the eastern
boundary of the State of Ohio to the Mississippi
river, it is almost exclusively the channel of em-
igration and of commerce It is the great stem,
as the Senator from South Carolina has denom-
inated the Charleston and Cincinnati railroad,
with which almost every important road of the
northwest is united. It has been the means of
settling a country of greater extent and fertility
than perhaps any other road of the United States.
The emigration to the northern portion of those
States has had facilities of water transportation,
as well as that to the southern portion of them,
but this central and by far the most fertile region
of these States has been chiefly indebted to this
road for its first settlement, as well as for its sub-
sequent prosperity and improvement. And, sir,
if an account had been, or could be opened be-
tween this road and the Federal Government,
giving it credit, as it is fairly entitled, for a large
share of the present prosperous condition of the
country, as well as for the millions rolled into
Vour Treasury by it, how far on the back-ground
would be placed the small and inconsiderable
«urns which you have appropriated for it3 con-
struction'   But the sums which were at first
injudiciously expended on this road upon the
mountains, and east of Wheeling, as well as the
sums which have more recently been expended
on the same eastern road for repairs, made ne-
cessary by your refusal until lately to put toll
gates upon it, or to transfer it to the States,hate
also been mentioned as fairly chargeable against
this road, and the fund set apart for making it.
Well, sir, take this all into the service against this
road, and still the amount will be a pitiful sum,
compared with its great advantages to the nortli-
w estern States, and to the Treasury of the Union.
But is it fair to charge all the sums expended
upon this road east of Ohio against the fund and
against the States which ask that this road be
made to the Mississippi' Surely not; for this
road east of Wheeling has been more valuable to
Kentucky, Tennessee, and western Virginia, than
it has been to the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, because more people have been profited
by it from the south side of the Ohio river than
from the north side of it. And it is hazarding
very little to say, that* but for the accommodation
of Kentucky, which has used the road, agreeably
to the language of the Senator from that State, as
ten is to one in comparison of the people of the
other side of the river, the road would not have
been commenced or finished to Wheeling as soon
as it was. Is it fair, then, to charge all this upon
the two per cent, fund, undertaken as it was
chiefly for the benefit of others, who have to this
day enjoyed most of its benefits > By the com-
pact, however, yon were only authorized to ex-
pend the fund of Ohio east of the river, and if
you expended more, you cannot fairly chaige it
upon the road funds of the States further west.
Yon are bound, with the fund accruing from the
land sales in Indiana, to make a road or loads to
that State; and you are bound in like manner,
with the Illinois road fund, to make a road to
that State, The Indiana fund is to be expended
in Ohio, and the Illinois fund in Indiana
Frequently has it been remarked, that the two
per cent, fund is wholly expended. I admit, sir,
(said Mr, H.,) that the sum accrued is more than
exhausted, but the fund accruing is not. I have
not entered into any minute calculation in this
matter, but a paper has been put into my hands,
based on a calculation of the whole two per cent,
fund to arise from all the public lands, including
a territory west of Missouri, about as large as it
is proposed to make the Territory of Wisconsin,
and the aggregate is about seven millions and a
Half. This, it will be admitted, would go far
towards making a good road to the base of the
Rocky mountains, should that ever be the pleasure
of Congress.
Mr. H. continued to remark, that the Senator
from Kentucky had complained of the largeness
of the appropriation asked for, and proposed its
reduction to the sums appropriated last year, but
he would mention a fact, that the amounts appro-
priated last year were added to large balances of
appropriations for the previous year remaining
unexpended. This was occasioned bv the late
period of the session at which the appropriation
of that year was made, and by the late commence-
ment of the work in the summer of 1834. This
unexpended balance in Indiana was upwards of
$80,000, which, with the $100,000 granted last
year, was expended before the working season
had ended; and the stone which had bien pre-
pared for the bed of the road, and which would
have, whenever put on, preserved it from dilapi-
dation, could not be spread over it for want of
funds. Should the motion prevail, it will go far
to Bignify the intention of Congress not to finish
the road. The laigeness of the appropriation,
Mr. President' If the Senate would permit him I
the time, hp would turn to the appropriation of
1819 for this road east of Wheeling. Then, on
a road of one hundred and thirty miles in extent,
and much of it finished, $535,000 was appropri-
ated, when we had a war debt upon us of about
$150,000,000, and some of this bearing interest
of seven per cent. Now, the line of this road
under actual construction exceeds three hundred
and fifty miles. We have a suqdus of about
$30,000,000 in the Treasury, and yet it is pro-
posed to diminish the appropriation contained in
this bill.   He hoped it would not be done, and
that the Senator from Kentucky would yet with-
draw his opposition, and lend us, as heretofoie,
an efficient helping hand.
Mr. H said that he placed this bill distinctly
and emphatically on tlu ground of solemn com-
pact with the Fedti il Government, and on the
ground of its having long been recognized as a
settled public work, began and to be finished by
this Government Ho said that this rood was
based on compacts of this Government with all
the new States northwest of the Ohio, and west
of the Mississippi rivets. These compacts had
their origin in the policy of settling the w estern
country, and of uniting that country in interest
and affection with the eastein States They
were based on the consideration that the new
States with whom they were made, should for-
ever abandon their right of taxing, in the hands
of purchasers, the lands sold by Congress, for
five years next ensuing the date of sale, a right
clear and indisputable, and acknowledged by
Congress in asking for the compact, that it
should be abandoned. These compacts appro-
priated a portion of the moneys received from
the sales of the public lands, to be expended,
under the direction of Congress, in making roads
leading to the new States, and this road was
commenced in 1806, during the administration of
Mr. Jefferson, in the fulfillment of the then exist-
ing compact with Ohio. Appropriations from
yeai to year have been made to this object ever
since. They have been sanctioned by every Ad-
ministration, and it lias long been considered a
settled work of the country, for w hich estimates
are continually made as for other public works.
The present bill is based on one of these esti-
mates, and he had supposed that no member of
the Senate, not even those whose constitutional
scruples prevented them from voting for it,
wished the work now to be wholly abandoned.
This work has been finished (said Mr. H.) as
far as Hebron, in the State of Ohio, and given up
to the States through winch it passes, for the pur-
poses of preservation and repair, and much work
is done on it beyond that point. It had been
retarded in the western part of Ohio by continued
efforts to change the route by Dayton; but the
road is graded and bridged through the greater
portion of Indiana, and is in a condition to be very
much injured by neglect and delay in its comple-
tion. The continual and almost unparalleled
travel on this graded road subjects it to much
injury, and makes continual repairs necessary.
To some extent, stone is prepared for covering
the bed of the road, which, for want of funds,
has not yet been put upon it.
Sir, (said Mr. H ,) this road is the favorite
measure of the States northwest of the river
Ohio. If no appiopnations are to be made to
tins road, and no distribution of the surplus rev-
enue among the States, the interests of these
Stites in the present session will be small and
tuning indeed. The beneficent hand of the Fed-
eral Government will not there be felt. Yes, sir,
the great West—the new States that have borne
the burden and heat of the day, that have paid
you millions into the Treasury, ($14,000,000 last
year,) and will probably pay twenty or thirty-
millions during the present year from the public
lands, will be entirely unprovided for. I make
these s'atements (said Mi. H ) on good and suf-
ficient data. The sales in Indiana, during the
month of January last, amounted to three hun-
dred thousand dolíais, or thereabouts; and in the
State of Indiana alone it is a reasonable calcula-
tion that you will receive more than three million 
of dollars the present year. And are these mil-
lions all to be withdrawn from the interior, and
expended on the seu-board' I, too, am for the
military and naval defenses of the country; but I
shall give no vote here that will lose sight of my
own section of the Union.
This road, Mr President, was intended origin-
ally to subserve the interests of the Treasury of
the United States, as well as those of the West
And has it disappointed the expectations of its
friend9 m either respect  Compere the amounts
expended on it with the millions it has aided in
bringing into the Treasury, and it will be ex-
tremely difficult to strike the balance agamst the
road.
