íes
APPENDIX TQ^HíJ GOfl(3I}ES$iONAIi;6¡LQBE.
[March 7,
2.4th Cong.... 1st Sess.
JSlavety in th& District of Columbia—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
are near and dear to tlfem. Can any one sup-
pose that, if we should abolish slavery in tins
District, without the consent and against the
will of the owners of slaves, they will acqui-
esce and submit to such a proceeding? No,
Mr. President, the action of Congress upon this
subject would induce every slaveholder to sell
thai de¡<crip<ion of his property to the planters
of Mississippi or of Louisiana. I am no advo-
cate of slavery; for nearly forty years it has
entirely ceased to exist in New Hampshire; but
it does exist, and constitutionally exists, in other
States of this Confederacy: it also exists within
the limitó of this District; and it is here that the
memorialists seek to effect the abolition of
slavery. Under the clause of the Constitution
giving power to Congress " to exercise exclusive
legislation in all cases whatsoever over this Dis-
trict," it is contended that we ought, against the
consent and without the will of the owner, to
deprive him of his property. Slaves are held
here as individual, personal property.
It is far from my purpose to go into any con-
sideration of the extent of the legislative power
of Congress over this District. It is upon the
ground of expediency that I oppose this proceed-
ing.- It is because the people of this District,
whose interests are to be affected by this move-
ment, ask no legislation oí us upon this subject,
that I oppose it. It ia because I regard it as
an officious interference on the part of the Aboli-
tionists with the rights of others, with which
they have no concern, that I oppose it. It would
be regarded as the worst species of tyranny for
Congress to annihilate in any one of the States
any one description of property without the con-
sent of the owner. And is it not equally so for
Congress to interfere with slave property in this
District, against the will of its proprietor? It
was this principle which produced the American
Revolution. It was the enactment of laws —the
jntpOskkm of parliamentary edicts, without the
consent,of the colonies—it was taxation without
representation that fust put the ball of the Revo-
lution in motion.
I cannot entertain any doubt that the measure 
proposed by the petitioners are fraught not only
with the most imminent danger to public peace
and to public Order, tending, in! my judgment,
not only to undermine the. foundations of this
Confederacy, to rend asunder the bonds of this
Union, but also tending to destroy the rights of
individual property—to jeopardize the safety, the
security, the happiness of the slave population
within thig District.
-   I would sayto the petitioners—to the people,
of the North—to my own constituents who seek
the abolition of slavery in this District, that every
consideration of public policy, every sentiment
of common justice, every feeling of just humanity,
calls upon them to consider well their Ways; to
stay their dangerous course; to abandon that
which cannot be obtained, but the .agitation of
which, at a time like- this, is productive of the
most deadly and destructive consequences.   -
-    "The evil that men do lives after them: the
good ¡soft interred with their bones."
By abolishing slavery in this District, which is
till the petitioners ask; by providing that ekrwery
shall bo longer exist within its limits, we shall
aot, we cannot, effect the emancipation of the
«lave  within the District; but. the effect which
would be produced upon slave property, in the
States of Virginia and Maryland,-could not fail
to be of/the most injurious character.
,;■ The States of Virginia a«d Maryland granted
■to- the Uuited-States tfce territory now constituting
*he District of Columbia.   They are both slave-
bolding States,   At the time of the cession, the
-eürve population of Maryland exceeded one hun-
dred thou*and, while that of Virginia was nearly
three hundred and fifty thousand.   And can it be
-supposed that those States would set apart a
•portion of their domain for the seat of Govern 
ment,'if they had supposed that, under the clause
of the Constitution to which  I have referred,
Congress would ever undertake to abolish slavery
in this District, so long as slavery should con-
.tinue to exist within their limits?   Never, sir;
no i never.
Such an interference on the part of Congress
would be in bad faith—against the spirit of the
compact—a violation of that understanding which
must have subsisted in those States which ceded
to us this territory. On that ground I will oppose
this proceeding, so long as I shall have the ability
to understand, and physical power to enable me
to act. Abolish slavery in this District, and you
make it the asylum for every runaway negro in
the country. You change the character of the
black population from better to worse; you moke
this also the resort of free blacks, the abiding
place of that colored population, who readily
could be excited to do every mischievous work
to the safe enjoyment of slave property in the
adjoining States.. They would he employed as
fit instruments by the designing and mad fanatic,
to carry distress, dismay, desolation, among the
people of Virginia and Maryland. While the
owners of slave property in the adjoining States
would be greatly annoyed and essentially injured
by the abolition of slavery in this District, yet,
if it has ever entered into the calculations of the
Abolitionists tjiat this would become a safe and
secure retreat for the fugitive slave, such a cal-
culation would prove vain and delusive. The
framers of the Constitution have been more just
to the rights of individuals, than to leave this de-
scription of property at the mercy of such fanat-
ics. This District can never become the den of
fugitive slaves from any of the States. The Con-
stitution provides that " Persons held to service
or labor, who shall flee into another State, shall
be given up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due." If the Constitu-
tion has watched so cautiously io prevent the
protection of runaway slaves, it could not have
intended to vest Congress with power to establish
an asylum for such persons in the District of
Columbia.
Will any man assert, be he Abolitionist or
anti-Abolitiopist, that, in a comparison between
the free blacks and slaves in a slaveholding coun-
try, the advantage in condition is in favor of the
former? Can any man say with truth, that the
present state of the free negro population of the
North is more desirable, unless it be in the enjoy-
ment of personal liberty, than the slave popula-
tion of the South? Mr. President, it will not be
pretended by any man acquainted with the sub-
ject, that the character, the condition, the com-
fort of the free blacks are superior to that of the
slave. It cannot be pretended that, in the adjoin-
ing States, they are as well fed and as well clothed
as the slaves themselves. The race of free blacks
in a slaveholding country is. more debased, more
degraded, less controlled by the sympathies of
our nature, more desperate and more abandoned,
than the slaves themselves. I well rempraber of
once being told that you could not use language,
in a slaveholding country, conveying in terms a
more severe and humiliating. reproach to a slave
himself, than to call him " as bad a  a free negro.''
And as far as my own observations have extended,
I would not blame the slave for resenting the
insult.
To excite our engagedness in thig matter—to
stimulate our zeal—to induce our speedy action,
we have had sent to us the most gross and shame-
ful pictorial representations of slavery, as it is
said to exist in this District. Sir, I wdl not stop
to inquire, whether individual cases exist, or have
existed, meriting the character given to them by
these prints; but if they are designed to give a
true representation of the relation which subsists
between the master arid the slave; if they are in-
tended to exhibit the general conduct of the one,
and the sufferings of the other; if they aro in-
tended to paint the weal of the master and the
woe of the slave, they are most deceptive and
most libelous. It baa been my fortune to have
formed some acquaintances with slaveholders,
both in Maryland and in Virginia. I have visited
their plantations. I have seen with my own eyes,
and heard with my own ears, sufficient to enable
me to say, that these prints are most deceptive.
Sir, it would be but an act of justice to add, that
more warmth of feeling, more ardency of attach-
ment, I have seldom seen exhibited in my own
section* than I have seen upon these plantations
between the master and slave. It has been my
privilege, since I have been ia Congress, occa-
sionally to have visited a plantation not ten miles
from this District, upon which lived two bache-
lors, the only white persons I believe upon the
plantation, surrounded by forty or fifty slaves of
different ages and sexes; and from the oldest to
the youngest, I never discovered the slightest
discontent; all was confidence—all was peace. I
i asked how this general appearance of happiness
and contentment could be accounted for ? The
reply was, all their wants are supplied; they are
all well fed, well clothed, well taken care of in
sickness and in health; that no instance of cruel
and barbarous treatment would be tolerated;
that public feeling, common sentiment, would put
down, render execrable and odious, that master
who should attempt to exercise any undue sever-
ity over his slave. There is, then, a false philan-
thropy, an unwarrantable feeling governing this
whole matter.
There is more poetry than truth, more fancy
than fact, in the tales and pictorial representations
of the Abolitionists.
" Oh! judgment, thou art fled to brutish beasts,
*• And men have lost their reason."
Abolish slavery and the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia—we shall not thereby diminish
the number of slaves in the country, we shall not
in the slightest degree check the traffic in that de-
scription of property; but we shall not only bring
evils upon the slavp population, but we shall
bring evils upon the free white population of the
country.
Mr. President, one of the great evils to be ap-
prehended from the agitation of this subject, cer-
tainly from any action of Congress upon it, is,
that the slaveKoMing States will find it necessary,
for their own security, to drive, by positive en-
actment, or by the force of public opinion, every
free black from their own dominions. They
will find that population dangerous to the peace-
able and secure enjoyment of their slave proper-
ty. Another effect to be produced by the wished-
for action of Congress in, relation to this matter
is, to fill the rich valleys of New England with
the free black population of the South, and there
to compete with her free labor. This, sir, is an
unavoidable consequence, if this course is pur-
sued , if this project be not abandoned—a conse-
quence, sir, which would be most deeply lament-
ed—a consequence which every son and daughter
of New England would regret.
' Such a state of things would lead to great po-
litical evils—would put to hazard our dearest and
our freest institutions. I hope never—never to
see the time when the hardy yeomanry of New
England will find themselves surrounded by a.
black population in no respect congenial in habit,
in disposition, in principle. Can it be possible that
we can contemplate such an event with any other
emotion but that of deep sorrow ?
" Breathes there a ma  with soul so dead,
Who never to himself hath said.
This is my own—my native land ?"
Mr. President, I would conjure the Abolition-
ists to let this subject alone—to be at peace—to
give up their policy, fraught as it is with mis-
chiefs, dangers, consequences, of the most alarm-
ing character. They can gain nothing; they may
lose much that is dear and most precious to them
and to us all.
In the course of this debate, we have been often
reminded of the importance of this subject. Im-
portant, I admit it to be, in every point of view;
important in its character, important in its con-
sequences, important to the tranquillity of the
South, no less important to the honor of the
North, important to the slaveholder, equally im-
portant to the holder of any and of every other
description of property. In my opinion, it is a
subject of the highest and deepest importance to
the perpetuity of our free institutions, to the
preservation of the Union itself.
It has been said that this question must, and
would mingle itself with the politics of the day.
It has been said by a distinguished Senator that
it would be mixed with the approaching public
elections. Sir, I was sorry to hear that declara-
tion. It too plainly asserted that those who hap-
pened to live north of a given line would be re-
garded as unworthy of political trust, from the
