174
APPENDIX TO THE-CQNGRESSIONAL QL£>B.E.
[Match 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Land Bill—Surplus Revenue—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
r.erer har? the ¡creat ma,iuf.!cturing intensts been
,„,),-, proycrciH lhan <¡¡nce thii reduction. The com-
pronii--", as it is iv.ikJ, is calculated to affect the
in inufai'turiiig m!ese>N less fuorably thn'i al-
most any change that could be devised. Thus,
the duty was taken off entirely from silks manu-
factured this side of the Cape of Good Hope,
from silk and worsted, and from linens; while
the duty on manufactured cottons was reduced a
mere trifle, and that on woolens not much more.
The result has been that the free articles have ex-
tensively taken the place of the highly taxed ar-
ticles, so that in effect the protection on cottons
especially is little better than that on free articles
themselves. Yet, although silk goods came in
duty free, this does not prevent the enterprising
citizens of the country from planting mulberry
orchards, and preparing for the extensive produc-
tion of silk in this country. Now, if the imposi-
tion of duty furnishes any protection, would it
not be prudent to impose a small tax on silks
which are free of duty, and bringdown the duty
on cottons to the same medium ?
The idea of protection of manufactures by
imposition of a high duty, while the expectation of
the manufacturer is to dispose of his articles in a
foreign market, is preposterous and absurd. Pro-
tection at home cannot reach the market abroad.
If the price of wool be raised by a protective
duty, the raised price of the article increases the
expense of the manufacturer, and lessens his
ability to go into a market abroad, or to compete
with "foreigners at home; if the duty be taken off
of wool, while the high duty is kept up on the
manufactures of wool, this will increase the gains
of the manufacturer at the expense of the wool
producer. In either event, the increased duty
acts against the interests of the other, so that
what is the manufacturer's gain is the wool-
grower's loss, and what is the wool-grower's
gain is the manufacturer's loss.
From the operation of the reduced tariff thus
far, it is clear to my mind that Congress may,
without hesitation, bring it still farther down to
the lowest point of expenditure for an economi-
cal Government. This Government ought tobe,
may be, and must be made the cheapest, as it
will be the most effective, Government on earth.
If the public lands are destined to yield a large
revenue to the country—(and they yet owe the
country a great amount for the repayment of
their original cost and protection)—let this reve-
nue go to the support of the ordinary expenses
of the Government—let the pledge made by a ,
resolution of Congress, which is older than the
Constitution itself, that " the unappropriated i
lands shall be disposed of for the common benefit
of the United States," be rigidly enforced.
We have just seen the salutary effects on the
people of the reduced tariff. A still further reduc-
tion—a reduction to that point which will make
a bare Treasury, and drive away from it the vul-
tures who hover around, and grow poor in wait-
ing to feed upon it—would be beneficial. If our
land will yield a revenue of $10,000,000 a year,
and $10,000,000 more can be reduced from the tax
upon the imports, why not leave that §10,000,000
in the pockets of an industrious people, rather
than take it from them, not to be returned to
them, but to go into the several State treasuries,
there to be scrambled for by men who have done
little towards earning it—to be wasted, as millions
have been wasted from the National Treasury, on
objects of internal improvements, such as the
Cumberland road, the Chesapeake and Ohio, the
Dismal Swamp, and the Chesapeake and Dela-
ware canals ? ' ''here is no danger in further re-
ducing the tariff; there is no particular danger
in keeping on hand the surplus we already have
in the Treasury. Better protection Congress
cannot give to manufacturing industry of every
kind, tlian to reduce the tax on every article
of consumption to the lowest possible point.
Does Congress consider it good policy to take
off entirely, for the encouragement of corpora-
tions engaged in building railroads, the duty on
imported iron rails? and will they not afford the
same encouragement to the mechanic who man-
ufactures the utensils of the common farmer ? If
the West India islands afford a market for all
those articles which are easily raised or manu-
factured in the United States, why should we not
be permuted to bring sugars from the same West
Indies without duty, as we do from New Orleans ?
Sugar is a necessary of lifL-—its nutritious quali-
ties not only sustain life, but contribute to health;
and it ought to be furnished to the poor at the
lowest possible price. There is no reason why
the consumers should pay two and a half cents a
pound on sugar, adding at least, in duty and profits
on the duty, one-third to the price or the article,
for the benefit of the rich planters in Louisiana.
Those planters can pay enormous prices, for
slaves, and make overgrown fortunes in a few
years. They are the last men in the country
who should ask for aid from a. protective duty for
a product of agriculture; and yet they are almost
the only class of agriculturists in the country
who receive such protection. If policy require
that protection shall be given, humanity would
seem to demand that this protection shall confine
itself to limits that shall bar the temptation to an
unnecessary traffic in human flesh. Raising the
price of slaves in Louisiana and Florida, this
sugar duty is indirectly a tax on the culture of
the cotton region, operating to raise there the
price of slaves and slave labor, and to encourage
the rearing of slaves in the Middle States, to be
disposed of in the South.
As long as it shall be necessary to have duties
on importations, the lowest duties required for
supplies to the public Treasury will be a sufficient
protection to manufactures and agriculture against
foreign competition. If twelve and a half, or
even ten per centum, as a permanent policy, will
not protect any kind of production, that produc-
tion ought to be yielded for some other which
will support itself; and every kind of political
economy should be repudiated which does not
teach that labor should be turned away from that
production which requires artificial heat in a cold
climate to sustain it, when the same may be
transported, for a trifling expense,from aclimata
in which it grows spontaneously. The manu-
factures of this country do not require a hot-bed
protection. If the price of labor be higher here
than it is in Great Britain, our Government may,
by reducing its taxes, and economizing its ex-
penses, be in that condition which will free the
laborer and producer of every name almost en-
tirely from taxation; while in the foreign country
the taxes and burdens imposed to pay the interest
on a public debt, enormously great, and to dis-
charge Government expenses that knew no par-
allel here, will more than counterbalance the
difference between them and us in the article of
labor.
I have taken this view of the subject to show
there is not even a necessity at this time to adopt
any new plans to get rid of the surplus that may
be in the Treasury.    We are, I believe, the first
nation of the world that has honestly discharged,
principal and interest, a debt of the magnitude
that ours has been; and as we are singular in this
respect, may it not be possible that we shall, in
the hey-day of our prosperity, keep on hand,
until an evil day shall come upon us, a portion
of that surplus?    If the country continue in its
present palmy state of good fortune, we may re-
, duce the tariff of duties.    If a revulsion shall
take place, the surplus will then be much more
effectually applied  to   useful  or necessary   ob-
jects, than it can be  now.    The present high
price and demand for labor makes this the very
worst time to apply, a surplus, either by the State
or nation, to internal improvements.     Private
capital and private enterprise are most effectually
conducting all useful improvements in the north-
ern section of the Union.    If it could be possible
to distribute this money among the States, its
application, I fear, would mar those enterprises,
and produce results scarcely less disastrous to
capital than has been the application of £1,000,000
by this Government, and the $1,500,000 Dutch
loan, which has bankrupted this District, to that
unfortunate undertaking, the  Chesapeake and
Ohio canal.
The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who
introduced it, says: " This bill is not founded
' upon any notion of a power in Congress to tax
' and collect taxes, and distribute the amount
' among the several States.   I think (he says)
' Congress possesses no such power, and has no ri ht
' to exercise it, until some such amendments
' that proposed by the Senator from South Caro-
' l.na [Mr. Calhoun] shall be adopted."
I thank the Senator for making tins admission;
because, if it shall not induce his friends in Con-
gress to vote aguinst this bill, it will at least jus-
tify the opponents of the bill, and the President
of the United States, should it pass both Houses
of Congress, and again receive his veto, for the
covirse they shall take in relation to it.
The proposition I lay down is, that every dollar
of the surplus in the public Treasury, which is
now proposed to be divided among the States,
was derived from taxes laid upon and collected
from the people; that no part of it was in fact
derived from the net proceeds of the Bales of pub-
lic lands.
A document, under date of January 11, 1836,
from the Register of the Treasury, shows that
the whole receipts into the Treasury on account
of the sales of the public lands, from the earliest
period, to the  30th September,
1835, is......................458,619,523 00
And that the cost of management
is...........................57,652,207 89
Leaving in favor of the land fund..     $967,316 11
This cost of management includes the several
items of expenditures under the head of Indian
Department; the payment for the purchase of
Louisiana and interest on the same; the payment
for the purchase of Florida and interest; the pay-
ments to the State of Georgia on account of lands
relinquished to the United States; the amount of
Mississippi stock issued under the act of the 3d of
March, 1815; salaries and contingent expenses of
the General Land Office; salaries and incidental
expenses of land offices; salaries of surveyors
general and their clerks, and of commissioners
for settling land claims; and payments from the
Treasury on account of the survey of the public
lands.
This view of the case presents, up to the 13th
of September last, little short of a million of dol-
lars on the credit side of the public lands.
But the statement from the Treasury is not
the moiety of what has been charged on the
Treasury on account of the public lands. I will
name several items which are tangible.
It is well known that the Cumberland road has
been considered as standing on different ground
from all other objects of internal improvement
which have been moved in Congress. Members
of Congress have voted for appropriations for
this road who would vote appropriations for no
other road. The reason was that two per cent, of
the amount of sales of the public lands in several
States was set apart for the erection of this road,
and thereby it was not considered a direct appro-
priation of money from the Treasury. I have
ascertained, by a written communication from
the Treasury Department, that the two per cent,
fund ,as far as yet ascertained ,was but §524,51118;
while there has been expended on one hundred
and thirty miles of the Cumberland road, this side
of the Oltio, the enormous sum of $2,827,506 88,
i or $21,650 per mile; and on the same road west
of the Ohio, $2,341,900 88. Total amount ex-
pended on the Cumberland road up to the 30th
of September, 1835, $5,169,407 76. This ex-
penditure is most clearly a charge on the receipts
for the public lands.
i     In  like  manner,  all   the   appropriations for
money for roads, or other improvements, in the
■ new States and Territories, made expressly with
1 the view to raise the price and help  the sale of
| the public lands, are chargeable to the same re-
ceipts.    For seventeen years, commencing Jan?
uary 1, 1817, and ending December 31,1834, the
expenditures  for roads in the new States and
Territories, (see House document No. 39, of the
present session.) were as follow:
In Ohio......................$214,129 97
Illinois....................    39,637 81
Indiana....................207,519 20
Alabama...................138,92-2 43
Mississippi................   37-^ 
Missouri!.................    94,53161
Louisiana..................   36>'3(j 19
