1836.J
.AFPKNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Land Bill—Surplus Reverme—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
Indian Territory...........      7,920 00
Other Territories...........   81,706 20
$858,127 31
This, it will be observed, is only a part of the
expenditures for roads in the Territories named.
To it, we may add the $1,000,000 paid by the
Got eminent as a subscription to the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, opening an avenue for the benefit
of the public lands at the West.
The three per cent, fund paid to States, ex-
hibited in the following table, is also to be added
to the expenses of the public lands:
Three per cent.    Two per «ent.
Ohio...........$404,74109   $269,827 40
Indiana........   238,848 72     159,232 48
Illinois.........     73,44173       49,06116
Missouri.......     69,585 21       46,390 14
granted to them in the same bill; that is, to each I
of the States of Mississippi, Louisiana, and Mis-
souri, 500,000 acres; to Indiana, 115,272 acres;
to Alabama, 100,000; and to Illinois, 20,000 acres;
not taking into account the extensive donations
that had previously been made to some of those
States.
The following is the table referred to by Mr.
Clay:
Statement Mowing Me dividend of each Slate (according to
its Federal population) of tht proceeds of t\e Public Lands,
during the years 1833,1834, and 1835, after deductingfrom
the amount fifteen per cent, previously allowed to the seven
new Stales.
g-Sfgif s-gss
§ll?g*: SSI-
S = 5
uta -3
$786,616 75   $524,511 18
We may add the expenses of the civil govern-
ment of Territories, (which, exclusive of the
judiciary and custom , amounted for seventeen
years, ending December 31,1834, to $676,269 99,)
at least a million and a half of dollars. These
expenses are not less legitimately chargeable to
the land fund than the expenses of the land offices
themselves.
In addition to this, all the frontier and Indian
wars, since the revolution, are justly chargeable
to the public lands. If, for ten years to come,
these lands were to yield a clear revenue of
$10,000,000 a year, they would scarcely repay
the expenses which the United States have in-
curred in defending them. A contest of only
a few months with Black Hawk cost the nation
some two or three millions of dollars; and the
present Indian war in Florida may cost five or
ten millions. The regiment of mounted dragoons
raised to guard the frontiers, and protect the new
settlements, supported at an expense of not less
than a hundred thousand' dollars a year, belong,
also, to the expenses of managing the public lands.
The public lands cause annually a large share
of the time and expenses of Congress, and much
of the litigation at the expense of the public
Treasury, in the United States courts, is on ac-
count of the public lands.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] has con-
tended that the public lands are not chargeable
with maity of these expenses; and the bill assumes
that they are not even chargeable with the expense
of surveys and of the land offices, for it divides the
whole receipts without making any provision for
those expenses. But the Senator justifies the large
grants of land and money for internal improve-
ments to the new States on the express ground
that they were chargeable to the public lands.
The two positions taken by the gentleman show
that, when his object is to make partial grants, all
may be charged to the account of the public lands;
but when the object is to divide the surplus funds
among the States,-nothing is to be charged to the
expenses of the public lands!
Considering the many millions expended on
account, and for the benefit of the public lands
not taken into account in the statement of the
Register of the Treasury, can it be pretended
that there is now, that there ever has been, a dol-
lar of money in the Treasury, which has not been
derived from taxes laid upon the people ? If it be
admitted that Congress has no power "to lay and
collect taxes, and distribute the amount among
the several States," it must as freely be admitted
that the bill distributing among the States a
greater amount than the present surplus in the
puUic Treasury, is not warranted by the Con 
stitution of the United States.
Further, Mr. President.this bill is condemned
for the inequality of distribution upon its face.
The Senator from Kentucky has framed a table,
which may operate as a l>ait to the several States,
to show how much money they will gain by the
bill. I have made an addition to his table to show
the people of eighteen of the oldest States how
much they will lose in the distribution of the bill
before the Senate. I have added to the seven
new States, in addition to the money they are to
receive by the bill, the minimum price of the land
M
J?OOb

S5'. ^^
§2
E °
35 3
H
«IS
s O
a c
¡if
.§«?

¿*      jo   ja
p^5£Mffidfc*^^f^QD5Ci3*-£ecpaSwcrttj;rf*i='e--
1 "k "k "i s s "s "S£Ws8s¥'8 s¥s¥s £"$&

1   I   I   t   I   I

5¡ * S
«r3 r>
5 s
wwh       i-i *       fea

*-k>ipt-t!-• k)jk.^. üh-mhh   te —*;
ií^a^
-     «     w      J~ í—J_v,—s.-%«■    U     j
otri--v|Aiiou<!Oo
r-oimoj-.^i-stiíiixi-'a:
S<n to
es
5 5-1
<= oo en o *s gí
Note.—The three right hand columns of figure  are added
by Mr. Hill to the table of Mr. Cliy-
The loss to the six New England States will
be $753,349; that is, this amount, which has been
paid by the people of New England directly into
the Treasury from taxes on articles which they
have consumed, will be taken from tham by this
bill, and given to seven new States, whose soil,
more luxuriant than that of the old States, is
tempting, and drawing to them, without such
invidious distinction, the best of the enterprise
and capital of the States from whom this advan-
tage is taken. The losa whieh the State of New
Hampshire will sustain in this unequal distribu-
tion is $107,915—more than twice the amount of
money which that State annually pays for all
her State expenses, including the salaries and
pay of her executive, legislative, and judicial
departments. The State of New York loses in
the distribution $768,740, and Virginia*$410,104.
The injustice and inequality of this bill are not
its only bad features. Take the two States of
Louisiana and Missouri, besides the direct gift
of five hundred thousand acres, each receives her
share as one of the seven new States of fifteen
per cent, on the whole amount first, and after-
wards an equal proportion with all the rest. Now,
by what right, either in law or equity, can either
of these States, as States, be entitled, not to
simple equality, but to manifest favoritism in
making the division? Those two States with
their inhabitants were a foreign country until
after the great mass of public lands this side of
the Mississippi had been acquired through the
blood and toil of the old States of this Union,
which have always been of the disfavored States
when any benefits were to be derived from the
public lands. The most of those old States have
had no expenditures made within their borders
of the public money for internal improvements.
It is plain to common sense that neither Louisiana
nor Missouri can be entitled to receive into'its
State coffers the avails of that property which
belonged exclusively to the old States before
they were admitted into the Union. As a joint
interest, Louisiana and Missouri might enjoy
their portion of benefits to be derived from the
public lands. As a separate interest, those States
can have no claim whatever to that part of the
public domain which was acquired while the
States owed allegiance to a foreign Government.
Again: the States of Maine and Massachusetts
have a domain which they retained under the
jurisdiction of Massachusetts after the war of the
Revolution. From this land the two States during
the year past have received some one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars each; and if the boundary
line shall be established where it is claimed to be,
an extended territory rising in price will furnish
each of those States annually still larger sums
from the sales of land. Is it just that these twe
States should derive a large revenue from the
lands which fell to them on the termination of the
contest for independence, at the same time they
come in foran equal portion with the other original
States, of the proceeds of sales of lands which
other States, holding them under a like tenure,
ceded for the common benefit of the whole United
States? Massachusetts and Maine may enjoy
the benefits of the public lands while preserved as
a common fund for the use of all the States; but
when this bill, becoming a law, shall vest in them
a- separate interest in the proceeds of the sales of
public lands, making in their favor the invidious
distinction of two separate interests, violence will
be done the Constitution, which must seek in vain
for any true ground of justification.
Further: the State of Connecticut retained a
tract of land without her limits, called the Con-
necticut.reserve, within the limits of the present
State of Ohio, from the sale Of which she has
created a fund for common schools, whose in-
crease is now more than $1,000,000, and in a few
years will go far towards supporting those schools
in each and every school district of the State. She
retained this tract, when she had really no better
claim to it than others of the original States which
claimed nothing and had received nothing, had to
an equal quantity. Would it not be just, before
the "common fund" shall be dispersed to the
four winds, first to grant the old States, which, as
yet, have had nothing, at least an equal amount
with others which have received?
Again: Virginia, at the close of the war of the
Revolution, besides the whole country within the
present limits of Kentucky,claimed what was then
called the Northwestern Territory, comprising
the prese* t States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
the new State of Michigan, the Territory of Wis-
consin, and all the country west. She claimed
this, although it is manifest that beyond the limits
of Kentucky, which had then just been commenced
as a settlement, she had really no more pretension
to it than any other State which had contributed
an equal share with her in the blood and toils of
the Revolution. Nor did she yield up this im-
mense tract of country without an equivalent.
The officers and soldiers of the Revolution of the
Virginia line had grants of land, which were given
to the officers and soldiers of no otherState. And
when she gave up her pretension for the common
benefit of the whole United States, she made
ample provision for her own. In the first instance,
she covered all that remained of Kentucky as
grants for her own benefit; she traveled afterwards
into Ohio, and took to herself district after district
there for the benefit of her officers and soldiers.
