Í56
.¿fMSJtfDIX TO THE CONGHESSfGN&L 6ÜOBE.
[April 22,
26?tt Cong.... 1st Sess.
Tkt Land Bill—Surpba Revé)mk-~Mh HiU.
Senate.
Sh* claimed these immense grants, extending be-
yond what she had herself conceived, because it
w;i" "notified in the bond" that she might take
some of the land for such n purpose. But a single
tas'e never satisfies. Althourh, perhaps, four
times the amount of land that had been first ex-
pected was taken up, and although it was not '<
dreamed there could be a possible pretext for
takin? more, some antiquated resolution Or order
of the*revolutionary government of Virginia was
discovered, on which certain claimants founded
a suit for more land against the State of Virginia.
As mi^ht be expected, after making a decision
againsrthese claimants, the Judiciary of Virginia
deemed k expedient, inasmuch as'the United
States, and not Virginia, would ultimately, be
obliged to foot the bill, to reverse that decision,
and the claimants, and child ren.and heirs of claim-
ants come in fifty years after the service was per-
formed, and obtain scrip for incredible quantities
of public lands; from four to six, and I believe is
high as ten thousand acres to each person. This
scrip locates the land in no particular place, there
being no land left of the reservation first made,
but ft is a certificate to enter for land anywhere,
either at the public sales at the price of the bid,
or after the public sales at the minimum price.
The appropriations already made by Congress to
cover these claims, I believe, amounttoabout two
millions of acres. I am told that land scrip haS
issued for the benefit of officers who were merely
nominally such, and who never did a particle of
service; and it is said there have been grants made
where the officer and the service were wholly
fictitious. If the whole business be not a gross
fraud, it looks very much like it. Three millions
of dollars, at least, of the avails of the public
lands will have been abstracted from the Treas-
ury by this after-claim of Virginia. And when
it is considered that this comes upon the top of
other previous grants made for the benefit of that
State, is it not claiming too much for her, that, in
the process of dissipating the "common fund"
which remains from the public lands, she receives
an equal share with other States which have had
none of the benefits that she has derived ?'
Still further: by the compact with the State of
Georgia, yielding, for the benefit of the "common
fund," what now constitutes the State of Missis-
sippi and a part of Alabama, and which she
claimed as within her own prescribed limits, the
United States guarantied to that State the' title to
the soil possessed by the  Indians within the
present limits of that State.    To give'Georgia a
free title to the lands within these limits, the
United States have already encountered immense
difficulties and large expenses.   Nor is the Indian
title yet purchased. , Five millions of dollars have
been offered to purchase the small tract remain*
ing.   If the whole proceeds of the sale of lands
b'e divided as the bill proposes, whenever this
purchase shall be made, the five or ten millions
which the lands may cost, and the further sum
which a war on account of the removal of the
Indians may cost the Government, will be raised
from taxes directly imposed on the people.    The
State of Georgia, having no more right to the
public domain than the other States which par-
ticipated in the war of the Revolution, is favored
beyond them by her compact.    Is it right that,
in the division of the proceeds, she should be
forced to violate her compact, which declared that
the proceeds of the lands which she ceded to the
Union should be used " as -a common fund for
the use and benefit of the United States, Georgia
included, and shall be faithfully disposed of for
that purpose, and for no other use or purpose
whatever?"   Is it just that, as a State, she should
receive two shares of a dividend in the proceeds
of the public domain, while other States, as such,
can receive but one sharer
The facts I have shown in relation to some of
the States prove that, even if the division were
an equal one now to all the States, great injustice
would be done to New Hampshire, to Vermont,
to Rhode Island, to the great States of New
York and Pennsylvania, to New Jersey, Dela-
ware, and Maryland, and to North and South
Carolina, and perhaps to Kentucky and Tennes-
see. The ten first, if not the two lost States.
would not recoiva their respective shares, equal
to the other old States whose cases have been
stated. But when it is considered that the seven
neW States of Ohio, Louisiana, Indiana, Illinois,
Missouri, Mississippi, and Alabama, besides large
grants of the public domain itself, are to be en-
titled in the first instance to fifteen per cent, of
the whole amount, leaving the remnant only to
•be divided, it rfmst be yielded that the most gross
injustice is done to the ten States first named.
Can it be believed that these States will quietly
submit to be taxed by a high tariff of duties on the
necessaries of life io contribute towards a dividend
among the States, in which they are to receive at
the rate of fifty cents to their neighbors receiving"
one dollar?
The last report of the Committee on the Public
Lands, which recommends the bill under consid-
eration, has this striking sentence: "Theseveral
' States which form partees to the national compact
'have all an equal right to, and án equal interest
'in, the national domain, and-sych an application
' of it to die use of some of the States, which is
' not just to all, cannot be expected to meet with
' general faver." Can it be possible that the
writer ofthis paragraph has duly considered the bill
which the report recommends? Can he gainsay
the fact that out of their own mouth does their
intended law of distribution stand condemned?
A Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
whose deportment and whose talents deserve
high commendation, remarked some time ago,
while debating on another subject, in substance,
that millions have come from the "West to the
Treasury in the East, in payment for the public
lands; and that the nation wa-, constantly deriv-
ing large amounts of money from that portion of
the Union, while little or nothing- was there ex-
pended. The report of the committee also gives
countenance to the idea that the nation is much
indebted to the West,1 and especially to the State
of Ohio, for a great portion of its revenues. I
will presume that both the Senator and the com-
mittee believe they are correct in their opinions.
But they cannot have well considered all the facts.
In the first-place, mueh of-the money thai is paid
for public lands comes originally from the East.
Since the sales have so much increased, there
has been an almost constant stream of money
flowing from all the States East into the land
offices of the West; the drain of money, within
the last three or four years, is felt in almost every
neighborhood of both town and country through-
out New England. And, sir,- fto part of this
money ever has, or probably ever will, come back
again. An investigation of this subject will show
that ever since the establishment of Government,
up to the year ending on the 30th September last,
the local expenditures of the western States have
always exceeded the amount of revenue derived
from those States. I cannot now go into an in-
vestigation and analysis of the whole expendi-
tures since the adoption of the Constitution.
In executive document No. 27 of the House
of Representatives, for the second session of the
last Congress, the Secretary of the Treasury has
furnished an analysis of the receipts and expend-
itures for the year 1834, of which I avail myself.
It will be remembered that the receipts from
the sale of the public lands in that year were
$5,000,000~$1,0Q0,00G larger than the previous
year, and nearly $2,500,000 more than in 1832.
Up to that time, the average receipts would not
much exceed $1,000,000 per annum. The year
1834 will, therefore, present a more favorable
result to the West than any preceding year; and
what was that result? The document I have
named informs us that the whole expenditures
of appropriations for 1834 were $21,293,200; that
the whole collections in 1834 were $20,624,717;
that the expenditures in the six eastern States
were less than the collections, $28,908; that the
expenditures in the middle States, including the
District of Columbia, were less than the collec-
tions, $1,127,297; leaving a balance in favor of
the eastern and middle States of $1,156,205; that
the expenditures in the South and southwestern
States were more than the collections $957,218;
that the expenditures in the western States were
more than the collections, $867,470; leaving a
balance againstiheSouth,southwestern,and west-
em States of #1,824,688.
The report of the Committee on Public Lands
states "that the public lands in the State of Ohio
have brought into the Treasury about $17,000,000
besides satisfying to a large amount the debts of
the Government." In 1834, the local expendi-
tures in Ohio, without taking into view her por-
tion of the expenditures at the seat of Govern-
ment, were $569,600, and the receipts from the
sale of land's and from customs in that State were
$433,433; leaving a balance of $136,167 against her.
The Atlantic States have no reason to complain
of the generous West, even though the money
of the former for the purchase of public lands,
and for paying «n the rise of property, flows into
the latter, and contributes to their prosperity.
Every new country encounters disadvantages and
hardships: the profits of labor.,.canverted in large
proportion to permanent capital, will not allow,
in any new settled country, of present pecuniary
ease-and-enjoymsnt. The West, from its highly
fruitfbi soil, and from the facilities of transport
which Nature has afforded her, enjoys advantages
which the AtbtDtic States, and especially the
States of New England, never possessed. Com-
pare, if you will, the condition of the present
Western settler with the first hundred and fifty
years of the New England settler  When at-
tacked by the ferocious tribes of the forest, the
latter could look only to the strength of his own
arm for protection and defense. In the West, if
a singlé Indian murder is committed, a thousand
men are ready to march and avenge the outrage.
In New England, the first settlers were liable to
starvation whenever their crops were cut off or
destroyed. In the West, although the crops fail
-and money fails, plenty comes in a few days on
credit alone, and on the " wings of the wind."
The .New England settlers had to encounter not
only the ruthless tomahawk and scalping-knife
of the savage, but for many years the hostility of
a more powerful and scarcely less savage foe in
successive wars with France, terminating' only in
the conquest of Canada by the English. The
first western settlers have nad sanguinary con-
tests with the Indians, which have been of short
duration, and the frontier settlements encountered
great perils during1 the three years' war with
Great Britain; but at any point to the eastward
-of the Mississippi, and north of Florida, there is
now scarcely more to .be apprehended from any
-anticipated hostility of the Indians, than there
is in the heart of New England. The first
settler in the East had no improvements in roads,
bridges, or canals, until he was able to make
them with his own hands; and to this day, for
these objects, there has been in that region, no
help from the Government. The first settler of
the West has had liberal appropriations for roads
and bridges, opening the avenues of communica-
tion to his very doors; and even the more modern
improvements of railroads and steam naviga-
tion keep pace with the falling of the forest .trees
by the settler, as he recedes to the far West. The
people of the Atlantic States spilt much blood,
and endured many privations, to conquer inde-
pendence, and did gain that independence, and
the great national domain, which is now the sub-
ject of discussion; and the young West, no less
than the East, enjoys her full portion of blessings
resulting from that arduous struggle. These are
considerations which should bind closer to each
other the West and the East, instead of dividing
them. The East and the West must be mutually
beneficial each to the other; a«d whatever shall
conduce to the growth and prosperity of the one,
will conduce to the growth and prosperity of the
other. The great bulk of those who now inhabit
the West, either emigrated or descended from the
States of the East: will they not reverence the
birthplaces, and the tombs of their fathers?
Will they not rejoice when we rejoice, and weep
with us when   we have cause to weep*
Will
they not, in the day of their greatest strength,
consider whence they derived those elements
of knowledge and enterprise which have *de
them all they are? We say to the West, "let
there be no strife between me and thee; for
we be brethren;" least of all, let there be no
unprofitable contest in a struggle between us, of
who can make most out of a"pr°PertX w{"cv, caJi
bestow no real benefits to either, until the hand
