1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉÉ.'
177
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Land Bill—Surplus Revenue—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
of diligence and industry shall«' cause the waste
places to become fruitful fields, and the deserts to
blossom as the rose."
Even if, contrary to the opinion of the author
of this measure, it were no violation of the Con-
stitution to divide among the States the money
in the Treasury, true policy would dictate the
rejection of this bill. How can it be possible
that gentlemen who have condemned so freely
the magnitude of numbers in the public offices,
as exhibited in the Blue Book, should advocate
this bill, which, under its present provisions, will
go to the creation of another army of officers de-
pendant on the State treasuries, and these last
dependant on the Treasury of the nation, and the
good graces of members of either House of Con-
gress? How can they who have so clamorously
complained of the alarming extent of executive
patronage, vote for a law which shall at once
double the patronage of whoever administers the
national Government?
The mischiefs that will attend the distribution
of the whole amount of money received from the
■ales of the public land cannot be duly appre-
ciated until they shall be realized. It should be
borne in mind that the people of the States must
be taxed to pay the expense of managing these
lands—to pay the Indian annuities, and for the
support of the Indians—to pay for the purchase
of the Indian title to the lands, which, in some
cases, will be equal to the amount for which the
lands will sell—to pay the expense of defending
the lands against depredations, and also to pay
for the expense of all the Indian wars that may
arise on account of the lands. The people of the
United States must be heavily taxed; articles of
necessary consumption, brought into the United
Suites, most be heavily taxed to pay expenses
Incident to the lands; but the proceeds of the
public lands are to be distributed, not to the peo-
ple themselves, who pay these expenses, but to
the several State treasuries. I cannot better illus-
trate the mischiefs and the miseries of such a
distribution, than by contrasting the present con-
dition of the three cities which compose the Dis-
trict of Columbia with the condition of the rest
of the United States.
The bankruptcy of these three cities is too
well known to be denied; it was admitted on all
hands, in a debate which took place in the Senate
during the present session. Now, what has
caused this bankruptcy? What has brought upon
these three cities a load of debt, the annual inter-
est of which burdens every inch of the real estate
within her limits with a tax equal, at least, to the
price of rents in other parts of the country? Do
not these corporations, in so many words, charge
the evils on the former action of Congress, making
them pet children in a system of internal im-
provements? The Congress granted, directly
from the Treasury of the nation, f 1,000,000 to
build a canal, which was to waft prosperity into
their lap; and by this grant they were induced
to ask liberty of Congress to borrow, on their
own account, $1,500,000 more, mortgaging them-
selves for the payment of principal and interest
to the Dutch. The cities now charge their mis-
erable condition, not on themselves, but on Con-
gress; and they boldly say, and their friends in
this body say, that Congress has seduced (hem
into this wretched condition, as well by giving
the $1,000,000 for the canal as by authorizing the
cities, at their own request, to run in debt for a
farther sum, which has been expended on the
canal; and they boldly insist that Congress is
bound in honor to pay their debts.
If we seareh for the causes of the pr**ent misery
of this devoted District, Mich of tWirf may be
traced to the fact that they (and especially the
city of Washington) ar« thrown directly on the
public Treasury. The people here loo* so Anx-
iously for the dittributioneftht jhtMie/Unrf -*thet
rely so exclusively on the Treasury, and so Rttfe
on themselves, that there i* no room left for pros-
perity in any kind of useful business. Morethrtn
three minions of the public money are ahíitíaliy
disbursed here; and yet there it no part of the
country where there is actually sb much peetfni*
«ry suffering, according to the number of inha"b-
ttant , as there i* here. For the internal fcnprove-
«Bentof the District, Congress tasgivéo Outright*
not the million to tbw Cattal «lOWW ítJsM^tít tfté
No. 12
interest which this city owes on the Dutch debt;
it has paid large sums for improvements; among
other things, $130,000 for McAdamizing Penn-
sylvania avenue, $150,000 and upwards for build-
ing a bridge over the Potomac river, and large
sums for various other items. Yet with all this
feeding, the pecuniary condition of the District is
daily growing worse. Gladly would they retrace
their steps in the internal improvement mania;
but they have gone too far to recede, and they
have not the power to go forward. Their last
resort is to induce Congress to purchase their
valuable stock, to pay their Dutch debt, to relieve
the Corporation of Washington of another debt
of great magnitude; and, as our comfort, we are
told that Congress is bound in honor, as the sole
and exclusive legislators for this District, to take
the money of the people of the United States and
contribute at once so much as may be necessary
for these purposes!
The miseries of a generous distribution of the
public money in the District of Columbia are but
a foretaste of the evils that will follow a distribu-
tion of an amount equal to all the sales of the
public lands among the States. There is, how-
ever, this difference between the distribution in
the District and the corrupting distribution pro-
Eosed by the bill; for the money expended in the
•¡strict, the people of the District were never
taxed; for the money distributed among the
States, the people themselves are to be heavily
taxed; and in some.of them the amount of one
dollar is taken from the people's pockets for
every fifty cents that shall be brought into the
State coffers'.
I cannot, Mr. Presiden?, speak of such a cor-
rupting system as the bill proposes with any
feelings of complacency. The title of the bill—
" to appropriate, for a limited time, the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands of the United
States, and for granting land to certain States,"
is scarcely less a misnomer than is the title of the
bill which has been forced by the vilest corrup-
tion through the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
entitled " An act to repeal the State tax on real
and personal property, and to continue and .ex-
tend the improvements of the State by railroads
and canals, and for other purpose)." This bill
bribes the people of Pennsylvania with a bonus
much larger than the bank was to give Congress
in the bill vetoed by the President, to be ex-
pended on internal improvements. , The land bill
is a bribe offered to the States from money paid
into the Treasury by severe taxation on the
people, under the idea of being the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands; when, in truth, the
public lands have not yet paid, and cannot for
twenty years to come, pay back the expense
which ihe people have incurred on their account.
The Senator from Ifentucky [Mr. Clat] yields
to the opinion that it is unconstitutional to tax
the people of the United States, by Congress, for
the purpose Of distributing the money among the
several States. How easy to evade the Consti-
tution will it be, any time when Congress «hall
choose, if the fact be not conceded that all money
coming to the Treasury is derived either directly
or indirectly from, taxation upon the people.
Million's of dollars Have Come to orpassed through
the Treasury on account of restitution for spoli-
ations of the property of individuals, and al-
though every dollar of it has been paid back for
the benefit of those individuals, whenever there
is a suVplui in the, Treasury, we have only to
suppose the Amount and to sá* this money was
paid', riat by the people of. the United States but
by foreign Government?, and that Congress has
t{se power to appropriate ir to be divided Among
the several States. The fallacy in this" case would
be no more striking than is* the fallacy of appro-
priaiihg fete the SaW purpose money in ,the
Treasury, As proceeds of the «ales of public
lands, when riot a dollar or it can properly be
considered ár money derived from such sales.
It is hardly possible to conceive a condition
more deeding than that ihto which the" high-
minded Skjttfs bt the Union Will be thrown hy
the passage of this bill.
The gOveínmerít ót the State w)i¡ch Í n*ve the
honor Seré" in part, to represent ¿supported by
a direct tax upon the people. Every crtiieft there
knows what is bis annual proportion1 of Hut f&t
the support of the government of the State, of the
county, and of the town in which he resides.
Paying the money directly from his own pocket,
a vigilant eye is kept upon those who expend it.
If it be not made to produce its equivalent, the
agent is called to account, and is at once dis-
missed. The consequence is, that the money is
generally well expended for the most salutary
and useful purposes of government. The burdens
of the people are comparatively light. If they
were obliged to pay as much in proportion for
these as they do for the few objects for which the
General Government is instituted, they would
groan under an oppression which would be
scarcely tolerable. It is my belief that if the
national funds were derived from direct instead
of indirect taxes, the public agents would be held
to a more strict accountability; that one dollar
would not be wasted where ten dollars now are;
and that every kind of service performed for the
Government would be better done than it now is.
How degrading to the people of a State must it
be that numerous salaried agents shall be added
to her without her consent, which salaried agents
are dependent on the breath of Congress for their
existence! How degrading that, so long as the
State shall retain the good graces of Congress, she
shall have thrown upon her an annual stipend, to
be scrambled for and seized by that portion of
her citizens who shall have received the highest
instruction in the arts of chicanery, and made
themselves most adroit in the business of log-
rolling! How degrading that she is to be an-
nually called up, like a beast to the stall, to feed
out the proportion which shall be dealt out to
her; that, like the noble ox who works for his
master, it is to be considered as a favor that the
one half of what she has earned is to be dealt out
for a daily allowance!
The gentlemen of the Senate composing the
usual political majority, and the party with which
they act, consider this bill as a measure which is
todo them great credit; apd the SeniorSenator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Ciat.U from the top of
Pisgah, views the fair Canaan on the other side
of Jordan, the " land flowing with milk and
honey," AS dating, its prosperity, its blooming
verdure, its rapid growth in wealth, its fairy
enchantment of cities and towns, and splendid
edifices, and beautiful cottages; its canals apd its
railroads—from the consummation of this, his
favorite project of dividing the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands! " If," said he, " I can
' be instrumental, in any degree, in the adoption
' of it, I shall enjoy, in that retirement into which
* 1 hope shortly to enter, a heart-feeling satisfac-
' tion, and a lasting consolation." There may be
great merit in devising a measure to take money
from the Treasury; One would, however, think
there was more merit in putting money into it
without enfeebling or oppressing the people. The
Senator will recollect that he has been the father
and patron of other measures, Which, had they
not been interrupted in their progress by another
estate in this Government that has constantly
stood in his way, would have left no surplus in,
the Treasury to be divided. The bill  that have
been vetoed, and those that Woqld have passed
had not the veto power been interposed-^the bills
that have passed the Senate and failed to obtain
the sanction of the House, appropriating money,
which of right belongs to that House arid not to
t His—the favorite measures Of the party of, which
the *Senat0r has been the conspicuous leader—
had they been carried into effect, would not, at-
this time; have left a dollar of surplus money in
the Treasury. We might have had the satisfac-
tion to see ftlOOjOOO.OOO as uselessly expended as
has been the f 1,000,000 subscribed to the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal; we might have had a road
from Buffalo to New Orleans without travel or
use; we might have purchased up the Louisville
canal; we might have tunneled the Alleghany
mountains; we might have paid $80,000,000 more
than wé have paid in taxes under the high tariff
of 18á8r and we might, in consequence, have had
a civil commotion convulsing the Government
to its very center. Quite certain it is that, had
other counsels prevailed, we should now have no
surplus in the Treasury with which to " buy
ffoldeh opinions from all sorts of men.'
-Kdpeleon1 Bbhápirté wa* a great man; hi*'
