1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18!
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Northeastern Boundary of Maine—Mr. Shepley.
Senate.
these special decisions the pay and emoluments
of officers in the Army, at Washington, from a
mnjor general to a lieutenant of topographical
engineers, have been raised to a point much
beyond the salaries of our civil officers. And it
is a fact worthy of remark, that in proportion as
the pay of these officers has been raised, so have
their numbers increased, while the Army itself
has really all the time been growing more and
more inefficient. To the executive legislation of
the Secretary of War, from 1817 to 1829, are we
indebted for that state of things which, creating
in the officers of the Array a desire for ease and
increased emoluments, has made of that institu-
tion an increased burden of millions to the Treas-
ury, and rendered the service and the Army itself
more and more unpopular.
A cotemporary historian, in 1823, says: " The
' contests between the Secretary of War and the
' two Houses of Congress have been frequent
'and arduous; he struggling to draw money,
* money, more money, from the Treasury for the
' use of his Department, and they to retain it for
' other purposes. If, in all this, the Secretary
' lias been right and Congress wrong, then must
* it be considered as unfortunate that they did
4 not, in the year 1820, borrow six millions
'instead of three, and, in the year 1821, ten
' millions instead of five. Then our peace estab-
' lishment might have been kept up at ten thou-
* sand men; our Army removed a thousand
' miles further into the wilderness, from Council
'Bluffs to Yellow Stone river. Then we might
' have recruited five thousand men every year,
' and every year have expended two or three
' hundred thousand dollars upon Rip Rap con-
* tracts."
These were the "glorious times" of which the
Senator boasts. Glorious times, indeed, when
the Government, in * time of profound peace, was
obliged to borrow money to support extravagant
expenses in the War Department!
By the law of the United States it is made the
duty of the Comptrollers of the Treasury to "take
all such measures as may be authorized by the
law to enforce the payment of all debts due the
United S:ates." The general regulations of the
Army also required that the pay of all officers in
arrears should be stopped. To make himself
more popular with those officers who loved their
ease and emoluments better than they loved jus-
tice, we bare the following further sample of exec-
utive legislation by the Secretary of War:
" DsPABTMElfT OP WiB,
December 3, 1821.
" Snt: The practice of instructing paymasters
'to withhold from officers of the Army all such
'sums as may be reported by the Second and
■ Third Auditors to be due from them to the
1 United States, is superseded.
" I have the honor, &c.,
" J. C. Calhoto .
"The Paymaster Gekeral."
Congress, however, continued to be refractory
ind disobedient; they introduced into the appro-
priation bill, at the very next session, a clause
requiring " that no money appropriated by that
'act shall be advanced or paid to any person on
•any contract, or to any officer who is in arrears
'to the United States,until he shall have accounted
* for and paid into the Treasury all sums for which
•he may be liable."
We are ndw reproached with having taken up
fhe system of the Senator,, for which he suffered
much persecution from our friends—a splendid
System of fortifications. Where is the fortifica-
on on Rouse's Point, on which the Secretary
then made a large expenditure? Abandoned,
Because it fM within the British territory, and
scarcely a stone remains to tell where it once was.
How many other forts projected by Mr. Mon-
roe's Secretary of War were abandoned as unten-
able? Where is the value of the millions ex-
pended at the Pea Patch? Burnt—but good for
nothing before it was burnt, as the foundation,
laid up in the most improvident manner, had
given way; and the wood-work erected over it
seemed to be there phved for the particular pur-
pose of burning down the whole, that its imper-
fections and its uselessness might not remain as
a monument to the folly of its projectors.   The
fortifications at the Rip Raps I have never seen;
I am told they are little better than those of the
Pea Patch. I have, however, heard much of Rip
Rap contracts; and thereby hangs a tale respect-
ing some of the favorites of, if not the Secretary
of VVar, that may not much redound to the "glory "
of either. If there be a single fort or other work
erected in these " glorious" days that stands as a
perfect and useful work, evincing military science
applied practically to it, that work remains yet
to come to my knowledge. Those I have seen
were not to be compared with the French works
erected at Ticonderoga, at the head of St. George,
at Oswego, and the mouth of the Niagara, more
' than one hundred years ago, some of which were
blown up in the war of the Revolution; that is,
it would seem to me that the blown-up works
might be repaired and rebuilt with even less ex-
1 peuse than those erected in the " glorious" reign
of that Cabinet, three of whose members were
fighting on their own hook, and all pulling dif-
ferent ways, for the Presidency.
Mr. H. concluded by expressing his obliga -
1 tions to those Senators who had patiently kept
1 their scats to a late hour to hear all he had to
say.    He did not now wish, he never had in-
tended in any speech that he should make, to
interfere with the time that could be more use-
fully employed than in hearing him.    He said,
the first session he had a seat in this body, four
years ago, of the twenty-four Senators repre-
senting twelve States north of the Chesapeake
and Ohio, and east of the Wabash, he alone took
his peculiar stand on the subject of the tariff; and
the stand he then took in favor of a large reduc-
tion of taxes upon imports was, in this body,
made a subject of derision.   The Senator from
Kentucky, [Xlr. Clay,] in the proud character
of father of the " American System," said the
whole North was, in this body, unanimous in
, favor of a high protecting tariff.    He said he
i begged pardon—it was not quite unanimous—he
I believed he had heard a" still small voice "in
< this Senate against that system!    It is true (said
1 Mr. H.) the still small voice in this body was
! but a speck of the size of a man'  hand in the
J North at that time; it is true that I then took my
stand against fearful odds; but the speck in the
horizon has since become a cloud filling the whole
atmosphere.    The whole people have  become
convinced that a high tariff is not needed for the
protection of any interest, or for the prosperity
of the country.    Inefficient and weak as I then
was, (continued Mr. H.,) my ground on the sub-
j ject of the tariff was taken on my own respons-
ibility.     I consulted and advised with no men
high in office or friends of the Administration at
that time.    I have consulted on this subject with
none.    An ardent friend of this Administration,
I would do nothing to injure it or its frieHds; for
the opinions 1 have now offered the Administra-
tion is not responsible.   If my suggestions are
worthy of attention, they will doubtless have
their due weight; if they are unworthy, they can
injure no one but myself.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY OF MAINE.
REMARKS OF HON. E. SHEPLEY,
OF MAINE,
In tub Senate, March 23, 1836,
Upon the occasion of the presentation of the Resolutions
of the Legislature  of Massachusetts, respecting the
Northeastern Boundary of Maine.
Mr. SHEPLEY said: I do not intend to enter
upon the discussion of the subject of these reso-
lutions at present. I have two reasons for de-
clining to do so. I am troubled by an infirmity
of voice, which will prevent it; and I should de-
cline doing so out of respect to my State, for I
perceive that the resolutions are to be transmitted
to the Governor of Maine, and I do not wish to
attempt to commit her to any course respecting
this matter. I prefer that she should act upon it
before I indicate any course respecting it. The
remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis,] call for a few words from me. I
shall not enter upon a history of the northeastern
boundary; but it will be fresh in the recollection
of the members of this body, that the Senate
advised the Executive to negotiate anew respect-
ing it, after the award, so called, of the King of
the Netherlands had been communicated to the
Senate. In accordance with such advice, a new
negotiation had been opened, and it seemed to be
well understood that the award had been entirely
set aside; and thereby the right of the parties
had been placed upon precisely the same founda-
tion upon which they rested before the treaty of
Ghent. Before that treaty, it appeared from the
correspondence of the Ministers, that Great Brit-
ain sought to obtain by cession the disputed ter-
ritory, or a part of it. Having been informed
that our Ministers were not clothed with power
to cede it, the commission was instituted under
that treaty. I agree with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the evidence to prove our right
ought to have been entirely satisfactory, and the
claim of Great Britain I regard as most unjust,
and as set up under the most extraordinary cir-
cumstances. I do not understand that Great
Britain, or the Province of New Brunswick, is
in the actual possession of the disputed territory
in the manner that seems to be supposed. There'
has been no surrender on the part of Maine of
any actual possession which she had before the
treaty of Ghent. As I have before observed, the
rights of the parties are now, both as to jurisdic-
tion and possession, precisely what they were
before that treaty; and so-are the actual posses-
sions, so far as I am informed. Maine has sur-
rendered nothing; nor has she agreed that this
Government should surrender anything belong-
ing, to her.
In regard to the resolutions, the first proposes
a speedy settlement of the controversy.    Maine'
certainly would not be likely to object to that; it
could not but be most desirable to her to have the
question settled as early as possible, in a manner
that would give to her all her just rights.   The
delay has been great in bringing the negotiation-
to a favorable termination^ and the course pur- •
sued in regard to it has not been, in all respects,
precisely as I could have desired; but I am not
informed of any just cause for imputing blame to
the Executive, that it has not been brought to a
close before this time.
The second resolution, if I understand it, pro-
poses an agency from this Government, to have
the guardianship and control of the disputed ter-
ritory, pending th* negotiation for the preser-
vation of the property upon it. It is certainly
desirable to prevent trespasses upon that terri-
tory. And it may be that the State of Maine.
may consent to such an agency as is proposed,
if it can be arranged with her consent, and can
be under her direction. But I cannot believe that
she ever will consent that this Government, or
any other, shall, without her consent, attempt to
exercise a jurisdiction or control where she right-
fully exercises it. It is for my own State, and
not for me, to decide upon her proper course in
relation to this matter. I will only repeat, that
no one can be more sensible of the injustice of the
claim set up against my own State than I am.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
REMARKS OF HON. J. BUCHANAN,,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Iw the Senat*, March 2,1836,
In opposition to the motion of Mr. Calhodn not to receive
the Petition of the Calo Quarterly Meettnjof the Religious
Society ofFriends fbrflieAbolitionofSiaveryin tho Dis-
trict of Colombia, and in support of bis own motion to
reject the prayer of the Petitioners.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was not r.ow hit 
intention to repeat anything he had said on a
former occasion in regard to the abolition of sla-
very in this District. Ths rewarks which he had
then made, after much reflection, still met hi*
entire approbation.   He would not now have al-
luded to them were it not for the misapprehension
which still appeared to prevail upon this floor in
regard to the state of northern feeling on thi 
subject.
Those remarks had, he believed, been more
extensively circulated throughout Pennsylvania
than any whish he had ever made upon any occa-
sion.   If they had been censured anywhere in
