132
24th Cong.... 1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Buchanan.
[March 2,
Senate.
that State by any party, the fact was unknown I
to linn.    On "the contrary, he had strong reasons
to believe they liad  been received with general
approbation.
He was not in the habit of using private letters
to sustain anv position which he might take upon
his floor or elsewhere. He would say, however,
thai since he had presented the memorial now
the subject of consideration before the Senate, he
had received another memorial of a similar char-
acter from the city of Philadelphia. This memo-
rial had been transmitted to him by two gentle-
men whose names and character would be the
strongest guarantee for the truth of their asser-
tions, did he feel himself at liberty to make them
known to the Senate. He would not even have
ailuded to their letter, but it related to a public
subject in which the country was deeply inter-
ested, and accompanied the memorial which they
liad requested him to present to the Senate. The
following is an extract from this letter:
" Although we have not the pleasure of thy
1 acquaintance, permit us, on this occasion, to
1 express our satisfaction with thy remarks in
' the Senate some weeks since, in which the opin-
' ion was forcibly sustained that no sensible man
* at the North would advocate the right of Con-
' gress to interfere with the subject of slavery in
' the slave States themselves.    We are fully per-
* suaded this is the fact in our neighborhood.
" In a pretty extensive acquaintance with the
* friends of abolition in this city, we unhesita-
' tingly declare that we have never heard such an
* opinion advocated, and tee defy our opponents to
' point out a man wko has ever circulated any publica-
' tion calculated to produce discord in the southern
' States.
" But whilst we fully recognize this view, we
* are aware that the Constitution guaranties to us
' the right of memorializing Congress on any sub-
' ject connected with the welfare of the District
* of Columbia, and we intend ever to exercise it
' in the spirit of charity and good feeling."
Mr. B. believed this statement to be true. Al-
though all the people of Pennsylvania were op-
posed to slavery in the abstract, yet they would
not sanction any attempts to excite the slaves of
the southern States to insurrection and bloodshed.
Whilst they knew their own rights, and would
maintain them, they never would invade the rights
of others which had been secured by the Federal
Constitution. He was proud to say this had
always been the character and the conduct of the
State which he had, in part, the honor to repre- '
sent, in her relations with her sister States.
He felt himself justified in declaring that Penn-
sylvania was perfectly sound upon this question. I
Abolitionists there may be in Pennsylvania, but i
it had never been his fate to meet a single one.
If we have a man amongst us who desires, by
the circulation  of incendiary publications  and
pictures throughout the slaveholding States, to i
produce a servile insurrection, and thus to abolish
slavery, he knew him not.    In the language of :
the letter he had just read, whatever might be ¡
the case further north, he might defy any gentle-
man to point out a man in Pennsylvania who has
ever circulated any publication calculated to pro-
duce discord in the southern States.
He had heard, within the last few days, that
emissaries were now traveling throughout Penn-
sylvania for the purpose of propagating the doc-
trine of immediate abolition. He thought he
might venture to predict that they would fail in
their attempts.
Although he did not mean at present to discuss
the general question, yet the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Preston] must permit him to say
that, in his remarks of yesterday, he had done
much to dignify the cause of abolition, and to
give its supporters a character which they did
Tot deserve.
Mr. B. was not so well able to judge what
•ffect those remarks might produce on the South;
■at be protested against the accuracy of the state-
nents which that gentleman had made in regard
o the condition of northern feeling on this sub- [
;ct.    Misinformation had been incorrect.   If the
;loomy coloring of the picture which he had pre- '■
ented could be considered anything but a fancy
ketch, the South might believe that the time had '
.rrived when it wuuld be their duty to decide '
whether it was not necessary to dissolve this
Union for the protection of their rights. Mr. B.
thought far otherwise. The crisis had not ar-
rived, and, lie trusted, never would arrive. The
force of public opinion will prostrate this fanat-
ical and dangerous spirit. He must say, how-
ever, that the enemies of the cause of abolition at
the North had aright to expect that gentlemen
from the South would not adopt a couise which
might tend to increase our difficulties. They
ought to permit us to judge for ourselves in this
matter, and to throw no obstacle ¡n our way which
the nature of the subject does not necessarily
prevent.
Let it once be understood that the sacred right
of petition and the cause of the Abolitionists must
rise or must fall together, and the consequences
may be fatal. I would, therefore, warn southern
gentlemen to reflect seriously in what situation
they place their friends in the North by insisting
that this petition shall not be received.
We have just as little right to interfere with
slavery in the South, as we have to touch the
right of petition. Whence is this right derived ?
Can a republican government exist without it?
Man might as well attempt to exist without
breathing the vital air. No Government pos-
sessing any of the elements of liberty has ever
existed, or can ever exist, unless its citizens or
subjects enjoy thisright. Fromthe verystructure
of your Government; from the very establishment
of a Senate and House of Representatives, the right
of petition naturally and necessarily resulted. A
representative Republic, established by the peo-
ple, without the people having a right to make their
wants and their wishes known to their servants,
would be the most palpable absurdity. This
right, even if it were not expressly sanctioned by
the Constitution, would result from its very na-
ture. It could not be controlled by any action
of Congress, or either branch of it. If the Con-
stitution had been silent upon the subject, the
only consequence would be that it would stand
in the very front rank of those rights of the peo-
ple which are expressly guarantied to them by
the ninth article of the amendments to that in-
strument, inserted from abundant but necessary
caution. I shall read this article. It declares
that " the enumeration in the Constitution of
certain rights shall not be construed to deny or
disparage others retained by the people." It
i would, without anyexpress provision, have stood
in the same rank with the liberty of speech and
| of the press, and have been entirely beyond the
J control of the Government. It is a right which
i could not have been infringed without extinguish-
ing the vital spirit of our institutions. If any
had been so bold as to attempt to violate it, it
would have been a conclusive argument to say
. to them that the Constitution has given you no
power over the right of petition, and you dare
not touch it.
I     The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] has justly denominated the amendments
to the Constitution as our bill of rights.    The
! jealousy which the States entertained of Federal
power brought these amendments into existence.
| They supposed that, in future times, Congress
i might desire to extend the powers of this Gov-
¡ ernment, and usurp rightswhich were not granted
, them by the people of the States.    From a prov-
! ident caution, they have, in express terms, denied
:  to Congress every sort of control over religion,
I over the freedom of speech and of the press, and
! | over the right of petition. The first article of the
; amendments declares that "Congress shall make
i ' no law respecting an establishment of religion,
'   ' or prohibiting  the free   exercise  thereof;   or
'abridging the freedom of speech or of the press;
I ' or the right of the people peaceably to assemble,
i ' and to petition the Government for a redress of
' grievances."
! Now, sir, what is the first position taken by
the Senator from South Carolina against receiv-
ing this memorial? I desire to quote him with
perfect accuracy. He says that the Constitu-
tion prohibits Congress from passing any law to
abridge the right of petition; that to refuse to re-
ceive this petition would not be to pass any such
law; and that, therefore, the Constitution would
not be violated by such a refusal. Does not the
Senator perceive that, if this doctrine can be main-
tained, the right of petition is gone forever? It is
a mere empty name. The Senate would possess
the power of controlling it at their will and pleas-
ure. No matter what may be the prayer of any
petition; no matter how just may be the grievances
of the people demanding redress, we may refuse
to hear their complaints, and inform them that
this is one of our prerogatives, because, to refuse
to receive their petition is not the passage of ;x
law abridging their right to petition. How can
the gentleman escape from this consequence? Is
the Senate to be the arbiter? Arc we to decide
what the people may petition for, and what they
shall not bring before us? Is the servant to dic-
tate to the master? Such a construction can never
be the true one.
The most striking feature of this argument is,
that the very article of the Constitution which
was intended to guard the right of petition with
the most jealous care, is thus perverted from its
original intention, and made the instrument of
destroying this very right. What we cannot do
by law—what is beyond the power of both
Houses of Congress and the President, according
to the gentleman's argument, the Senate can of
itself accomplish. The Senate alone, if his argu-
ment be correct, may abridge the right of petition,
acting in its separate capacity, though it could
not, as one branch of the Legislature, consent
to any law which would confer upon itself this
power.
What is the true history and character of this
article of the Constitution? In the thirteenth
year of the reign of that " royal scoundrel,"
Charles the Second, as the Senatorfrom Virginia
[Mr. Leigh] has justly denominated him, an act
of Parliament was passed abridging the right of
petition. It declared that "no petition to the
' King or either House of Parliament for any alter-
' ation in Church or State shall be signed by above
' twenty persons, unless the matter thereof be ap-
' proved by three justices ofthepeace,or the major
' part of the grand jury in the county; and in Lon-
'don by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-
' mon Council; nor shall any petition be presented
' by more than ten persons at a time." Each
Senator will readily perceive that the right of
petition was thus laid almost entirely prostrate
at the feet of the Sovereign. The justices of the
peace, and the sheriffs who selected the grand
juries, were his creatures, appointed and removed
at his pleasure. Out of the city of London, with-
out their consent, no petition for an alteration in
Church or State could be signed by more than
twenty individuals. At the Revolution of 1688,
the Bill of Rights guarantied to English subjects
the right of petitioning the King; but the courts of
justice decided that it did not repeal the statute of
the second Charles. This statute still remained in
force at the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
Such was the state of the law in that country
from which we have derived most of our institu-
tions, when this amendment to the Constitution
was adopted.
Although the Constitution, as it came from the
hands ofits framers, gave to Congress no power
to touch the. right of petition, yet some of the.
States to whom it was submitted for ratification,
apprehending that the time might arrive when
Congress would be disposed to act like the British
Parliament, expressly withdrew the subject from
our control. Not satisfied with the fact that no
power over it had been granted by the Constitu-
j tion, they determined to prohibit us, in express
terms, from ever exercising such a power.  This
. is the true history of the first article of our Bill
; of Rights.
j Let me put another case to the Senator from
South Carolina. Some years since, as a manager
on the part of the House of Representatives, I
j had the honor to appear before this body, then
sitting as a high court of impeachment. In that
case the accused, when sitting as a district judge
of the United States, had brought an attorney
of his court before him by an attachment for con-
tempt, and, without any trial by jury, had con-
victed him of a libel, and sentenced him to
imprisonment. The judge was acquitted; and, at
the moment, I thought this decision had placed
the freedom of the press in danger. If the sedi-
tion law were clearly unconstitutional,and nobody
now doubts it; if Congress could not confer upon
