1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sufferers by the New York Fire—Mr. Gravee.
Ho. car Rxrs.
slaveholdin  States, by the circulation of inflam-
matory publications and pictures. It is true that
he does not advise the immediate passage of such
a law, but this was because he thought public
opinion would be sufficient to put them down.
He, however, looks to it as eventually proper, in
case, contrary to his opinion, such a measure
should become necessary to arrest the evil. He
expressly asserts, and clearly proves, that the
Legislature possesses the power to pasa such a
law. This is the scope and spirit of bis mes-
sage.
Ought he to have recommended the immediate
passage of such a law ? I think not. The his-
tory of mankind, in all ages, demonstrates that
the surest mode of giving importance to any sect,
whether in politics or religion, is to subject its
members to persecution. It ha  become a pro-
verb, that " the blood of the martyrs is the seed
of the Church." By persecution religious sects,
maintaining doctrines the most absurd and the
most extravagant—doctrines directly at war with
the pure faith and principles announced to the
world by the Divine Author of our religion, have
been magnified into importance. I do not believe
there is any State in this Union—unless the in-
formation which we have received from the Sen-
ators from Vermont might make that State an
exception—where penal laws of the character
proposed would not advance instead of destroy-
ing the cause of the Abolitionists. I feel confi-
dent such would be the event in Pennsylvania.
Severe legislation, unless there is a manifest ne-
cessity for it, is always prejudicial. This ques-
tion may be safely left to public opinion, which,
in our age, and in our country, like a mighty
torreqt, sweeps away error. The people, al-
though they may sometimes be misled in the be-
ginning, always judge correctly in the end. Let
severe penal laws on this subject be enacted in
any State—let a few honest but misguided en-
thusiasts be prosecuted under them—let them be
tried and punished in the face of the country,
and you will thus excite the sympathies of the
people,and create a hundred Abolitionists where
one only now exists. Southern gentlemen have
no right to doubt our sincerity upon this subject;
and they ought to permit us to judge for our-
selves a  to the best mode of allaying the excite-
ment which they believe exists among ourselves.
. If the spirit of abolition had become so exten-
sive and so formidable as some gentlemen sup-
pose, we might justly be alarmed for the existence
of this Union. Comparatively speaking, I believe
it to be weak and powerless, though it is noisy.
Without excitement got up here or elsewhere,
which may continue its existence for some time
longer, it will pass away in a short period, like
the other excitements which have disturbed the
public mind, and are now almost forgotten.
SUFFERERS BY THE NEW YORK FIRE.
SPEECH OF HON. W. J. GRAVES,
OF KENTUCKY,
I  the House of Representative ,
February 17,1836,
Ob the bill for the relief of the Sufferers by the Fire at New
York.
Mr. GRAVES addressed the Chair to the fol-
lowing effect:
From the latitude, allowed those who hare pre-
ceded me in this debate, I hope it will sot be con-
sidered out of order in me to, speak to the merits
of the whole bill. I have entertained the opinion,
since the first introduction of this bill, that we
could not, in accordance with sound policy and
correct principles of legislation, grant the relief
proposed by it to the unfortunate victims of this
most unprecedented calamity; much less extend
the operations of the bill, as proposed in the sec-
ond seetion, to aB such merchants as are not
included in the first, and who, though they had
suffered no loss by the late fire, were indebted to
the Government for duties at the port of New
York by bonds that fell due prior thereto.
Laboring under the influence of that almost
universal sympathy which was pervading the
community for the objects of this affliction, I have
felt a strong and sincere desire, if I could con-
sistently with my convictions of duty, to give
my support to this bill; yet, although I have given
a most patient and impartial hearing to all that
has been said in support of it, my opinions re-
main unchanged. The honorable member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Philufs,] who last ad-
dressed the committee, in a very elaborate, able,
and truly eloquent speech, has occupied all the
grounds, in my humble conception, that can be
urged in support of this measure, and that too,
in a manner most peculiarly felicitous.
The first section of the bill provides, "That
' the collector of the port of New York be, and
' he is. hereby, authorized, as he may deem best
1 calculated to secure the interests of the United
' States, to cause to be extended (with the assent
' of the sureties thereon) to all persons who have
' suffered loss of property by the late conflagra-,
' tion at that place, the time or payment of all
' bonds heretofore given by them for duties, to
' periods not exceeding three, four, or five yeans,
' in equal installments, from .and after the day of
' payment specified in the bonds; or to allow the
' said bonds to be canceled, upon giving to the
' said collector new bonds, with one or more
' sureties, to the satisfaction of the said collector,
' for the sums of the former bonds, respectively,
' payable in equal installments, in three, four,
1 and five years from and after the day of pay-
' ment specified in the bonds to be taken up or
' canceled, as aforesaid; and the said collector is
' hereby authorized and directed to give up or
' cancel all such bonds upon the receipt of others
' described in this act; which last mentioned
' bonds shall be proceeded with in all respects
' like other bonds which are taken by collectors
' for duties due to the United States: Provided,
' That those who are designed to be relieved by
' this section, and who may have paid their bonds
' subsequent to the late fire, shall also be entitled
' to the benefit of this section, and that the said
' bonds shall be renewed from the day when the
' aame were paid.'*
The second section provides " that the collector
' of the port of New York is hereby authorized
' and directed to extend the payment in the man-
' ner prescribed in the first section of this act, of
' all other bonds given for duties at the port of
• New York prior to the late fire, and not provided
' for in the first section as aforesaid for six, nine,
' and twelve months, from and after the day of
' payment specified in the bonds: Provided, how-
' ever, That nothing contained in this act shall
' extend to bonds which had fallen due before the
' seventeenth of December last."
I, Mr. Chairman, gave my undivided and most
special attention to each and every position taken
by that honorable gentleman in the progress of his
argument, and propose, as briefly as the nature
of the case will admit, to review such of them as
bear upon the real merits of this question.
Before, however, I proceed to a consideration
of the arguments of that gentleman, allow me to
remark that we have been required to act upon
this subject rather in the dark; that we have had
no official information as to the extent of the relief
asked. We have to rely on the verbal informa-
tion of the friends of this measure, who, I sup-
pose, have it from those who are asking relief,
and who, it is to be presumed, would feel no
interest in magnifying the amount upon which
they ask indulgence, without interest, and who,
because of their interest, would be held in all
legal tribunals as incompetent witnesses. Taking,
then, the account of the friends of the bill as
correct, the first section of it embraces bonds for
about seven hundred thousand dollars, and the
second section about three million dollars. Pred-
icating my calculation upon this information, I
find interest on those bonds, at the rate of six
per cent, per annum, renewable annually from the
time they respectively fall due up to the period
to which it is proposed to extend the credits,
amounts to something upwards of three hundred
and eighteen thousand seven hundred and forty
dollars; an amount greater than is required to
pay the two hundred and forty-three members of
this House for one hundred and sixty days, and
sufficiently large, especially when taken into con-
sideration in connection with the importance of
the principle involved, to induce this House to
examine well into the subject, and weigh well
the probable effect and consequence of such a
precedent upon the future legislation of this
House.
We, Mr. Chairman, I am fully apprised, are
most delicately and peculiarly situated in refer-
ence to this as well as all other claims that come
before us; we occupy the attitudes both of party
and judge; and whilst we should be careful not
to let sell-interest bias us on the one side, we
should not be less careful to see that we are not
driven into error on the other hand from too
great an apprehension of doing injustice to the
applicants. But, sir, let us now proceed to con-
sider, in detail, the arguments of the friends of
this measure. The honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts, as has been remarked, having covered
all the grounds taken in support of this bill, I
will confine myself particularly to his remarks.
The first ground taken by him is, that tha
Government has such an amount of surplus rev-
enue bow in its Treasury, that it would have no
use for the money if the bonds were collected,
and that it would be suffered to lie in the deposil
banks without interest. Is it true, Mr. Chairman,
that this Government has no use for money at
this time ? Is it true that the different States in
this Union hare already done for themselves alt
that can be done in the way of promoting the
interest and happiness of their citizens, and that
they are now reclining at their ease in conse-
quence of having nothing to do calculated to ad-
vanee the public good ? I humbly conceive not.
Look abroad in the land, and what do we see 1
Within the last year or two, the public spirit of
our fellow citizens seems to have received a new
impulse in almost every quarter of this vast Re-
public. A new era seems to be bursting on us.
The people are aroused to their own best interest.
We see the different States, situated on the dif-
ferent extremes of this vast Union, contemplating
and moving in the work of connecting themselves
with each other by inland communication that
literally conquers space. We see the Legisla-
tures of the different States providing for works
of internal improvement upon a scale that ia truly
worthy of a free people. They are not contract-
ing loans of thousands and tens of thousands for
the accomplishment of this, that, or the other
little local improvement, but of tens of millions,
for objects embracing the improvement of the
whole extent of their territory. Never, in the
history of this Government, was there such a
spirit qf enterprise abroad. Never was there a
Ume when there was such a demand for money
on the part of the different States for their re-
spective improvements a« the present; and are
we to be told we have no use for the money in
the public Treasury?
1 readily agree that it is better that these import-
ing merchants who are engaged actively in enter-
prising commerce that adds to the wealth of the
nation, should hold this money, which belongs
in common to them and the rest of their fellow-
citizens, without interest, than that the deposit
banks, in whose vaults it is to be placed, should
be allowed to fatten and grow rich off of interest
paid them by the people, for the most gracious
privilege of using their own money. But I am
not willing to stake the fate of this bill on this
issue. It is not the true issue, I, for one, sir,
intended to legislate upon this and every other
subject calculated to affect our finances, with just
as strict an eye to economy as though I knew
this Congress intended to obey the voioe ©f the
people, in their demand for an equal distribution
of the surplus revenue among the States. I ara
not yet prepared to anticipate a failure of this,
most important measure.
Government is a moral person, possessing in
reference to its property all the natural, moral,
and legal rights of a private individual; every
citizen constitutes a component part thereof, and
his right in everything that belongs to the Govern-
ment—whether it be in the public lands, or bonds
upon importers, or in whatever the right of prop-
erty can exist—though small in point of size, yet
bears the same proportion to the entire tiling
which one bears to the number of citizens in this
Government; and is just as perfect and unques-
tionable as though the right to the entire thing
was vested ¡n him, and the same policy, which
