APPEffDIX TO THE OCWGRESSKWAIj GLOBB.
189
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—ÜJS-. Benton*
SfciMffiK.
lion of the Journal. I have agreed to this mode
of executing the resolution, not from the least
doubt of the Senate's right to blot out the whole
obníxious entry—for it is a part of my present
purpose to maintain and to vindicate that right!
nor from complaisance merely to my friends—
for some of those who objected to the expunging
process at the last session are ready now to sus-
tain it in its whole extent; but I have agreed to
it because, while it relieves the scruples of some,
it pronounces, in the opinion of others, a more
emphatic condemnation than mere obliteration
would imply; and because it will enable gentle-
raen in the opposition to emerge from their pre-
liminary defenses behind the screen of the Con-
stitution, and come into action in the open field,
upon the merits of the whole question', and thus
meet my motion upon the broad grounds of the
injustice, the illegality, the irregularity, the un-
constitutionality, the error of fact, and the whole
gross wrong^of that proceeding against the Pres-
ident which it is my purpose to expose and to
correct.
The objection to this word expunge is founded
upon that clause in the Constitution which directs
each House of Congress " to keep a Journal of its
proceedings." The word keep is the pregnant
point of the objection. Gentlemen take a posi-
tion in the rear of thai word; and out of the nu-
merous and diverse meanings attributed to it by
lexicographers, and exemplified by daily usage,
they select one; and shutting their eyes upon all
other meanings, they rest the whole strength of
the objection upon the propriety of that single
selection. They take the word in the sense of
preserve; and adhering to that sense, they assume
that the Senate is constitutionally commanded to
preserve its Journals, and that no part of them
can be defaced or altered without disregarding
the authority of that injunction. I am free to ad-
mit that, to preservers one of the meanings of the
verb to keep; but 1 must be permitted to affirm
that it is one meaning only out of three or four
dozen meanings which belong to that phrase, and
which every Senator's recollection will readily
recall to his mind. It is needless to thread the
labyrinth of all these meanings, and to show, by
multiplied dictionary quotations, in how many
instances the verb to keep displays a significa-
tion entirely foreign, and even contradictory to
the idea of preserving. A few examples will suf-
fice to illustrate the position, and to bring many
other instances to the recollection of Senators.
Thus: to keep up, is to maintain; to keep under,
is to oppress; to keep house, is to eat and sleep
at home; to keep the door* is to let people in and
out; to keep company, is to frequent one; to keep
a mill, is to grind grain; to keep store, is to sell
goods; to keep a public house,is to sell entertain-
ment; to keep bar, ia to sell liquors; to keep a
diary,is to write a-daily history of what you do;
and to keep a journal is the same thing. It is to
make a journal; and the phrase has the same
meaning in the Constitution that it ha  in com-
mon parlance. When we direct a person in our
employment to keep a journal, we direct him to
make one; our intention is that he shall make
pne, and not that he shall preserve an _ old one
already made by somebody else; and this is the
precise meaning of the phrase in the Constitu-
tion. That it is so is clear, not only from the
sense and reason of the injunction, but from the
Words which follow next after: " and from time
to time publish the some, except such parts as, in their
judgment, require secrecy." This injunction to
publish follows immediately after the injunction
to keep; it is part of the same sentence, and can
only apply to the makers of the Journal. They
are to keep a Journal, and to publish the same.
Whioh same? the new one made by tfiemselYes,
or the old one made by their predecessors ? Cer-
tainly they are to publish their own, which they
are daily making, and not the one which was
both made and published by a former Congress;
and in this sense has the injunction been under-
stood and acted upon by the two Houses from
the date of their existence.
Again: if this injunction is to be interpreted to
signify preserve, and we are to be sunk to the
condition of mere keepers of the old Journals,
where ia the injunction for making new ones?
Where_ is the injunction under which our Sec-
retary is now acting in writing down a history
of your proceedings on this my present motion ?
There is nothing else in the Constitution upon
the subject. There is no other clause directing a
journal to be made; and if this interpretation is
to prevail, then the absurdity prevails of having
an injunction to save what there is no injunction
to create!—the absurdity of having each succes-
sive Congress bound to preserve the journals of
its predecessors, while neither its predecessors
nor itself is required to make any journal what-
ever,
Again: if the Houses are to be the preservers,
and not the makers of Journals, then a most in-
adequate keeper is provided; for during one half
the time the two Houses are not in session, the
keepers are not in existence, for the Secretary is
not the House, and during all that moiety of time
there can be no keeper of this thing which is to
be kept all the time.
Again: if to keep the Journal is to save old
ones, and not to make new ones, then the con-
stitutional injunction could have had no applica-
tion to the first session of the First Congress, for
the two Houses during that session had no pre-
existing Journal in their possession whereof to
become the constitutional keepers.
There are but two injunctions in the Constitu-
tion on the subject of the Journal: one to make
it, the other to publish it; and both are found in
the same clause. There is no specific command
to preserve it; there is no keeper provided to
stand guard over it. The House is not the
keeper, and never has been, and never can be.
The Secretary and the Clerk are the keepers, and
they are not the Houses. The only preservation
provided for is their custody and the publication;
and that is the most effectual, and in fact the
only safe preserver. What is published is pre-
served, though no one is appointed to keep it.
What is not published is often lost, though com-
mitted to the custody of special guardians.
I have examined this word upon its literal
meanings, as a verbal critic would do it; but I am
bound to examine it practically, as a statesman
should see it, and as the framers of the Consti-
tution used it. Those wise men did not invent
phrases,but adopted them, and used them in the
sense known and accepted by the community:
law terms, as understood in the courts; technical,
as known in science; parliamentary, as known
in legislation; and familiar phrases, as used by
the people. Strong examples of this occur twice
more in the very clause which we have been ex-
amining. There is the word house; " eaohhouse
shall keep," &c. Here the word house is used in
the parliamentary sense, and means, not stone
and mortar, but people, and not people generally,
but the Representatives of the people, and these
Representatives organized for action. Yet, with
a dictionary in hand, this word House might be
shown to be the habitation, and not the inhab-
itants; and the walls -and roof of this Capitol
might be proved to have received the injunction of
the Constitution to keep a Journal.. Again: the
House is directed to publish the Journal, and under
that injunction the Journal is printed; because
the popular sense of publishing is printing, while
the legal sense is a mere discovery of its contents
in any manner whatever. The reading of the
Journal at the Secretary's table every morning,
the leaving it open in his office for the inspection
of the public, is a publication in law; and this
legal publication would comply with the letter of
the Constitution. But the common sense men
who framed the Constitution used the word in its
popular sense, as synonymous with printing; and
in that sense it has been understood and executed
by Congress. So of this phrase to keep a Jour-
nal: the framers of the Constitution found it in
English legislation, in English history, and in
English life, and they* used it as they found it.
The traveler keeps a journal of his voyage; th«
natural philosopher of his experiments; the Par-
liament of its proceedings; and in every case the
meaning of the phrase is the same. Onr Con-
stitution adopts the phrase, without defining it,
and of course adopts it in the sense in which it
was known in the language from which it was
borrowed.   So of tke word, «'proceedings'—it
is technical, and no person who has not studied
parliamentary law can tell what it includes. Both
in England and America rules have been adopted
to define these proceedings, and great mistakes
have been made by Senators in acting under the
orders of the Senate in relation to proceedings in
executive session. Grave debates have taken
place among ourselves to know what fell under
the definition of proceedings, and how far Sen-
ators may have mistaken the import of an order
for removing the injunction of secrecy from the
Senate's proceedings. Every word in this short
clause has a parliamentary sense in which it must
be understood; " House/' "keep," "publish,"
"proceedings," all are parliamentary terms a 
here used; and must be construed by statesmen
with the book of parliamentary history spread;
before them, and not by verbal critics with En-
tack's pocket dictionary in their hand.
Mr. President, we have borrowed largely from
our English ancestors, and because we have so-
borrowed results the precious and proud gratia-,
cation that our America now ranks among the
great and liberal Powers of the world. We hate,
orrowed largely from them; but, not to enter
upon a field which presents inexhaustible topics,
I limit myself to the precise question before the
Senate. Then,sir, I say, we hare borrowed from
England the idea of this Congress, its two Houses
their organization, their forms of proceeding, the
laws for their government, and the general scope
of their powers and of their duties, with the very
words and phrases which define everything; and
so clear and absolute is all this, that, whenever
not altered or modified by our own Constitution,
our own laws, and our own rules, the British
parliamentary law is the law to our Congress, and"
as such is read, quoted, and enforced every day.
The English Constitution requires a Parliament;
a Parliament of two Houses; and it requires each
House to keep a Journal of its proceedings; and
thatduty has been performed with a fidelity, a jeal-
ousy, a care, and a courage which shows them to
have been as vigilant and as faithful in the preser-
vation of their Journals as we can ever be. The!
pages of their Journals are traced back in a con-
tinuous line to the reign of Edward the Sixth.
The Clerk of the English House of Common 
was the keeper of the Journal, and he took an-
oath "to make true entries, remembrances, and
Journals of the thing* done and pasted in the House}
of Commons." As far back as 1641, the clerk was1
moved against for suffering his Journals, or paper 
committed to his trust, to be taken by member 
of the House from the table, and it was declared,
"that it was a fundamental order of the House that 
1 the Clerk, who it the sworn officer, and intrusted
' with the entries and the custody of the records of the
' House, ought not to suffer any Journal or record to*
' be taken from the table, or out of hit custody; and
' that \f he shall htrtafl.tr do it, after Ihit icarningi
« that at his peril he shall doit."
Many instances occur ia the parliamentary his- 
tory of England of severe reprimands upon mtfn-
bers for slight and innocent alterations in the*
Journal, and merely to make them conformable*
to the fact—the House of Commons permitting 
none but the House itself to meddle with the
Journal; and when King James the First sent for
the Journal, and tore out of it the celebrated dec-!
taxation of their privileges, which the Common ,
had made, the House took «flertuaV care that
that declaration should be the better known, and!
should be held the more sacred, for that very at-
tempt to annihilate it, And, to comprise the 
whole in one word.and to show the reverence
which ¿be English Parliament bad foi their Jour-
nals, the two Houses, as far back as the reign of-
Henry the Sixth, by act of Parliament, affirmed
them to be records, and compelled thejudses to
recognize them «  such. (Sir Edvard Co&t, %tk
4 JtuL, 23, 24.) This suffices to show tho high
and sacred character of their Journals in the eyeg
of the English Parliament; but this h*h and.
sacred character did not prevent the two Houses 
each in its sphere, from rectifying any noietak 
in the Journal, or expunging from it, by total
obliteration, any entry that was unconstitutional,
or untrue in law or in fact, or unfit to be drawn
into future precedent. The business of rectifying
mintak?" or erroneous «ntrie  in the Journals ia
