190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,'
24*rft Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
as old as the Journals themselves. The rectifi-
cation is made by a committee appointed to in- I
quire into the facts, and to report them to the J
House; and there is no limitation of time upon
these inquiries. Instances occur in which the
erroneous entry has been corrected four years
after the mistake had occurred. The expunction
or expurgation of the Journal, and that by total
obliteration of any improper matter put into it,
is as early at least, in England, as Lord Straf-
ford's case in the reign of Charles the First, and
as ¡ate as the Middlesex election case in the reign
of George the Third. I have found no instance
in which the right or the power of the House to
expunge has been questioned. I have seen no
instance in which the duty to keep a Journal of
its proceedings has been set up in opposition to
any motion to expunge unfit matter from the
Journal; and therefore I hold it to be the settled
law of Parliament that each House has power
over its own Journal, both to correct it, and to
efface objectionable matter from it.
And this, Mr. President, brings me to the law
of Congress, and the power of the two Houses
over their Journals. What-is the law of Con-
gress in regard to its powers and duties ? It is
the Lex Parliamentaria—it is the law of Parlia-
ment, except where changed, or modified, by
ourselves. This is so entirely the case, that every
book that we have on parliamentary law is Eng-
lish. We have not a book on the subject, nor
even a treatise; nothing but the Manual of Mr.
Jefferson, which is in itself an abstract from the
English books, with thechangesand modifications
made by our rules and Constitution. ' Our whole
code of parliamentary law is English; and who-
ever wishes to understand it, goes to the four
quarto volumes of Hatsell, and the less volumin-
ous compilations of Grey, Elsynge, and Dewes.
Mr. Jefferson's Manual is little more than an
index to these books, and is so declared by him-
self, and intended to supply, in a slight degree,
the want of those books in this country. His
own words in his preface, and the authority of
English parliamentary practice, where not con-
trolled by our own rules and Constitution, will
be too instructive on this occasion to be omitted,
and I shall accordingly read a passage from the
preface to his Manual:
"Considering, therefore, the law of proceed-
4 ings in the Senate as composed of the precepts
• of the Constitution, the regulations of the Sen-
' ate, and, where these are silent, of the rules of
•Parliament, I have endeavored to collect and
' digest so much of these as is called for in ordi-
«nary practice, collating the parliamentary with
• the senatorial rules, both where they agree and
* where they vary. I have done this as well to
« have them at hand for my own Government,
' as to deposit with the Senate the standard by
' which I judge, and am willing to be judged. I
' could not doubt the necessity of quoting the
« sources of my information; among which Mr.
* Hatsell's most valuable book is preeminent; but
« as he has only treated some general heads, I
* have been obliged to recur to other authorities-
• in support of a number of common rules of prac-
' tice, to which his plan did not descend."
The authority of the English parliamentary
law is here recognized, and brought into action
over the Senate in every case in which .the pre-
cepts of the Constitution and the rules of the
Senate are silent; and on the head of expunging
both are silent. The English parliamentary law,
therefore, takes effect. It is to no purpose that
gentlemen may recui* to that poor little word,
"keep." It is in the English constitution, and
in the English parliamentary law as much as it
is in ours; but no one in England ever thought
of that word except as an injunction to make a
Journal. No one ever thought of it as constitut-
ing the House of Commons or the House of
Lords the custos, keeper, or preserver of the
Journals, an office which cannot be performed by
a collective body; but there, as here, and in law
as well as in fact, the Secretary and the Clerk
are the keepers of the history of their proceedings
which the two Houses cause to be daily written.
And thus I hold that the right of expunging, even
to entire obliteration, is completely made out. Of
course there can be no objection to the mode of
expunging now proposed, a mode that saves the :
remedy, and avoids the objection, and effectually
expunges without the least obliteration.                !
Thus far, Mr. President, I have examined this
objection in a mere verbal point of view, and
shown that there is nothing in it, even in that
contracted aspect, to prevent the Senate from
executing justice upon this Journal. But gentle-
men who brought it forward did not limit them-
selves to that narrow view; they took a wider
range, and argued earnestly that mischievous con-
sequences would result, and actual injury would
be inflicted on themselves and the country, if my
motion should prevail. They maintained that a
part of our legislative history would be destroyed;
that a part of the Journal would be annihilated;
that the proceedings contained in the annihilated
part would be lost to the public and to posterity;
that their own proceedings would become illegi-
ble; that they would be deprived of the means of
showing what they did, and how they acted. All
these disastrous consequences, and all these actual
wrongs and serious injuries to themselves and
to the public, they stoutly maintained, would fall
upon them if the proposed obliteration of the
Journal took place. And they affirmed that it
was no answer to all these real injuries to say
that the expunged part would be transferred to
the new Journal, and there preserved in full; for,
they declared, this transfer would mislead and
embarrass them; because they could not read the
obliterated words in the place where they were
first put, but would be disappointed in looking
for them there, and might not be able to find
them in their new place, under a different date I
on another page, and in a different volume. This
is the substantive part of the objection to my
motion; and if there happened to be any reality
in the supposed existence of all these wrongs and
injuries, there might be some apology for the
resistance they set up; but this is not the case;
not one of these disastrous consequences will
ever occur. All is mistake and delusion—the
creation of fancy, the cheat of imagination, and
the figment of the brain. There will be nothing
lost, nothing destroyed, nothing displaced. All
will exist just as clearly, and just as usefully, for
every practical and every legal purpose, as it now
does; and this I will establish by proof in less
time than it has taken me to state the proposi-
tion .                                         s
I request the Secretary to show me the Senate
Journals for 1833-34; to tell me what the Jour-
nals are; and how they are kept or disposed
of.
The Secretary stood up, and said: There is a
manuscript copy of the Journal, and a printed
copy. The manuscript Journal is but a single
copy, and is the same that is read in the Senate
every morning in sheets, and which is afterwards
bound'in a volume. From this manuscript one
thousand and ten copies arc printed, and distrib-
uted as follows:
[The Secretary here showed the list of dis-
tribution, from which it appeared that twenty-five
copies were to be placed in the Library of Con-
gress, two hundred and twenty-five were to be
furnished to the Governors, Legislatures, uni-
versities, colleges, and incorporated historical
societies, in each State; two copies each to each
member of the Senate and of the House of Rep-
resentatives; five copies each to the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, the Heads of Depart-
ments, Attorney General, judges of the United
States courts; two each to all bureau officers;
twenty-five to the Secretary of State; thirty-five
copies for the offices of the Secretary of the Sen-1
ate and the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives; and two copies each to the Ministers from
Great Britain, France, Spain, Russia, Prussia,
Sweden, the Netherlands, Denmark, Portugal,
the Hanseatic Republics, Mexico, Colombia,
Chile, Peru, Buenos Ayres, Brazil, and Central
America, and to the Consul General of the two
Sicilies.]
Mr. BENTON resumed. We now arrive upon
firm ground, and have solid matter to go upon.
We can see and feel the question, and can handle
both the objection and the answer to it. The Sec-
retary's answer is the platform of my battery,
and has already expunged the objection to my
motion, whether the motion shall succeed in ex-
punging the Journal or not. He says there are
two sets of Journals: the manuscript, which con-
sists of one copy, and the printed, which is mul-
tiplied to one thousand and ten copies. Hitherto
the discussion has proceeded upon the assump-
tion that there was but one copy of the Journal,
and that any erasure of that copy would be a
total loss of the erased part. But now one thou-
sand and ten other copies start up to our view,
stand in array before us, and offer their multiplied
pages to our free perusal; and the question now
is, what are' all these copies for What use is
made of them in fact and in law ? And the answer
comes as quickly as the question can be put:
first, in point of fact, that these printed Journals
are the only ones read, used, or referred to either
in this Senate, in the other House, before the
public, or by the members themselves. Secondly,
that in point of law they are on an equal footing
with the original manuscript volume, and re-
ceived as legal evidence in every court of justice.
Such are the decisions; and not to impede the
march of my argument by the voluminous cita-
tion of cases, I refer you for a summary of them
to Peake's Law of Evidence, American edition,
by Norris, in the notes at the bottom of pages
84 and 85. He says: " The printed Journals of
Congress have been allowed to be read without proof
of their authenticity," and refers to eases. This
puts an end to all objections. It settles all ques-
tions. Take the Constitution as you please, to
make or to preserve Journals, and it is complied
with; for both is done. One copy is directed to
be made; a thousand and ten are made. Parts
are directed to be published; all is published.
Suppose preservation is intended; the most ample
precautions are taken to preserve them, and so to
multiply them that every State in the Union, and
every kingdom, republic, and empire in Europe
and the two Americas shall possess copies, in
addition to all the Departments of the Federal
Government, the Library of Congress, and the
offices of the Secretary of the Senate, and of the
Clerk of the House. Besides all this, each Sen-
ator has two copies for himself. All these are
equal in law, and many ten thousand times supe-
rior in use, to the manuscript Journal.
Suppose that one be blacked up and blotted
out according to the import of the word expunge;
is the  expunged  matter lost? is any fact sup-
pressed ? are gentlemen prevented from justifying
themselves by showing -what they had done? is
I   the  knowledge of anything extinguished?    So
far from it, that if the manuscript Journal should
!   be secretly withdrawn and burnt, not a Senator
j   here would find it out to the end of his life, unless
!   gratuitously told of it! so little does it enter into
the head of any  one to think of that Journal,
much less to look at it or to use it!  Suppression
of facts!   Suppression of the knowledge or the
fact, that the  Senate   of the  United   States, in
March, 1834, adjudged President Jackson to be
guilty of having violated the laws and Constitu-
tion of his country! the preposterous conception
I   never entered our imaginations.    We know that
¡   this act of the Senate is to live, and to live while
i  American history lasts.    We know that it is to
I  gain new notoriety and  multiplied  existences,
i  from the very motion which  I now make.    To
say nothing of our own action, my resolution,
our speeches, the newspaper publications, and
■   the universal attraction of the public mind to the
subject, our own Journals are again to  become
the recipient of its existence, and the instruments
of its diffusion over the Union, the two Americas,
and all Europe.    The new manuscript Journal,
'  read this morning at our table, will contain every
¡  word of this judgment; the one thousand and
ten copies to be printed will, every one, be hon-
ored with its impression.
Nothing is suppressed; nothing so insane is
intended. The whole effect, and the whole de-
sign of the motion, is to declare the solemn sense
' of the Senate that such proceedings ought never
to have taken place; that they were wrong from
the beginning, and require a remedy which ex-
tirpates to the root. The order to expunge does
this; and there is no other remedy wluc.i can
I, amount to its equivalent, or stand for its substi-
